TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
July 19, 2021 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the meeting 
of board of directors on July 14, 2021  
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the 
meeting of board of directors on July 14, 2021, for your information and records.  
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2021-2022/q1.html     .  
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available 
on the Company’s website, at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2021-2022/q1.html      
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 

 
1 
 
 
“Infosys Press Conference” 
July 14, 2021 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Rishi Basu (Emcee) 
Corporate Communications 
 
 
J O U R N A L I S T S 
 
Mugdha Variyar 
CNBC TV18 
 
Poonam Saney 
ET Now 
 
Sharad Dubey 
CNBC Awaaz 
 
Sajeet Manghat 
BloombergQuint 
 
Kushal Gupta 
Zee Business 
 
Giriprakash K 
The Hindu Business Line 
 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Moneycontrol 
 
Shilpa Phadnis 
The Times of India 
 

 
2 
Ayushman Baruah 
Mint 
 
Jochelle Mendonca 
ET Prime 
 
Alnoor Peermohamed 
The Economic Times 
 
Saritha Rai  
Bloomberg 
 
Sai Ishwar 
Informist 
 
Supriya Roy 
TechCircle 
 
Malavika Maloo 
Enterprise Story 

 
3 
Rishi Basu 
A very good evening everyone and welcome to Infosys’ first quarter results press conference. 
My name is Rishi, and I would like to welcome all of you on behalf of Infosys. Today, we are 
taking our very first step towards embracing the new normal with our very first hybrid event 
with all safety protocols and vaccination protocols followed. All our participants have been 
fully vaccinated and we are coming to you live from Infosys’ studio at our iconic Bengaluru 
campus with a hope that we all meet physically very soon. Before we commence, I want to 
take a moment to mention a few guidelines. Our friends from media, you will be on mute by 
default throughout this press conference, your name will be prompted and that is when you 
unmute yourself. We request one question from each media house to accommodate everybody 
over the next hour. In case you get disconnected, please rejoin using the same link. With that, 
let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh for his opening remarks. Over to 
you Salil! 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Rishi. Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us today. I trust each of you and your 
families are safe and well. It is wonderful to be back on our campus and also to be with Pravin 
and Nilanjan in person after five quarters, of course at a safe social distance. 
I am delighted to share with you, that we have had a landmark first quarter with robust YoY 
growth of 16.9% and sequential growth of 4.8% in constant currency terms. This is the fastest 
growth we have seen in 10 years. We continue to gain significant market share with this growth 
being essentially organic and especially in the area of digital transformation. This is a clear 
reflection of Infosys’ resilience and client relevance that has grown stronger with the 
unwavering commitments of our employees and our differentiated digital portfolio. I would 
like to thank all our employees for their incredible dedication especially during another testing 
period with the second COVID wave in India. 
Some of the highlights of our results are:  
1. Our Digital business grew by 42% YoY and now constitutes 53.9% of our revenues.  

 
4 
2. We had broad-based growth across all our sectors, service lines and geographies. 
Financial Services grew by 23%, Retail 22%, Life Sciences 21%, and Manufacturing 
19%, the North America geography by 21%.  
3. Our large deals were at $2.6 bn, large deals are deals over $50mn in value. 
4. Operating margins were strong at 23.7%.  
5. We had tremendous focus on our employees especially related to their well-being and 
to new talent expansion. We had a net headcount increase of 8,000 attracting leading 
talent from the market. We remain comfortable with our ability to support our clients 
in their digital transformation journey. 
With a strong start to the financial year, good large deals in Q1, strong pipeline, we are 
increasing our annual revenue guidance for growth from 12% to 14% moving up to 14% to 
16% in constant currency. Our operating margin guidance remains unchanged at 22% to 24%. 
Let me pause here and hand it back to Rishi and then let us open it up for questions. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil are Mr. Pravin Rao, 
Chief Operating Officer, Infosys and Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. We 
will open with the first question and the first question is from Mugdha Variyar, who joins us 
from CNBC TV-18. Mugdha, please go ahead. 
Mugdha Variyar 
Hi Salil, Nilanjan, Pravin. Congrats on a very strong quarter. What a start to the fiscal year, 
your strongest growth in Q1 in a decade and Salil, let me come to you then. Is it the growth in 
Q1 that has given you the confidence to increase your revenue guidance and that too much 
higher than what a lot of the street was expecting and if you can tell us a little bit about your 
deal wins, the pricing that you are seeing now in the market and the tenure? And while your 
digital growth has been really strong, the core business seems to have degrown YoY. If you 
can tell us what is the weakness there in the core business? Nilanjan, let me come to the point 
about margins with you. If you can tell us what was the margin pressure which led the margins 
to be lower than what the street was estimating and going forward as well, you have called out 
a few headwinds when it comes to margins, if you can elaborate on that especially around talent 

 
5 
retention, etc. And Nilanjan, a specific question about the India business because we did see 
that TCS had called out the impact from the India business. For Infosys the India revenue share 
is about 3%, I think, it has come down to 2.9% in this quarter. Did you see any impact of the 
second wave as part of your India business? Pravin, again on attrition, you did say that you will 
be hiring a lot of freshers etc., but when do we see the next salary hike, what will be the quantum 
of the salary hike and if you can just throw some light on the challenges you are facing now in 
terms of the supply side, given that you are seeing strong demand. And Pravin, of course lastly, 
I have to ask you about the income tax website issue, if it has been completely resolved, because 
the Finance Minister was in Bengaluru just two weeks ago, and she said, a few issues were still 
unresolved, if you can throw some light on that? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Mugdha for the questions. Let me start off. I think in terms of what we see in the 
market, the growth of course was very strong in the first quarter as you noted, we also see a 
good pipeline from where we are working with clients. We see that the digital transformation 
approach that our clients are looking for is something that we can support them with quite well 
and we also saw a good large deals numbers and wins in Q1. When you put all of that together, 
that gave us the confidence to increase our revenue growth guidance at the end of the first 
quarter. In terms of the pricing that you mentioned, we see the pricing to be reasonably stable. 
We do not see any real constraints in it at this stage or any differences from what we have seen 
in the past. Let me now pass it to Nilanjan. 
Nilanjan Roy 
So, the first question, Mugdha you had on margins, as you know, that last year we ended at 
24.5%, and we had called out that there were a lot of one-off benefits we had received during 
the year. Some of them were discretionary in nature, like travel came off, facilities and other 
discretionary spends have been cut down and of course some expenses were deferred, things 
like salary hikes and promotions etc., and therefore when we called out our guidance for FY22 
we had actually factored all that in and said it is going to be 22% to 24% versus a 24.5% of last 
year. Please keep in mind also the pre-pandemic sort of guidance was 21% to 23% so this was 
a step up as well from a guidance operating range and in 23.7% we are at the top end of that 
guidance. Having said that on a sequential basis, if you’ve seen, our margins are down from 

 
6 
24.5% to 23.7%, out of that we have got about a 10 basis points benefit of currency, we have 
got about 40 basis points benefit of utilization and this was offset by about 50 basis points of 
subcontractor and third party costs as demand has really ramped up and we have taken up 
subcontractor to fulfill the demand, and about balance 80 basis points is a combination of 
various employee-related costs whether it is retention, hiring, promotions, etc. So that is the 
broad margin walk on a sequential basis. We remain very, very confident in our 22% to 24%, 
band, we have a lot of operating levers on taking out costs, so that is a comfort zone for us. 
Your second question on India as mentioned, yes, India is a very, very small portion for us and 
I think both from a demand and a supply side, we have not seen any impact. I must call out the 
fantastic and dedicated work done by all the employees across the globe to ensuring that we 
are able to fulfill our demand during these trying times as well. In that sense India really didn’t 
impact us. Over to you Pravin! 
Pravin Rao 
Thanks, Nilanjan. Your first question was on attrition. Attrition for IT services that is voluntary 
attrition on an LTM basis has increased to 13.9%, it was 10.9% earlier. In some sense it is an 
area of concern, but at the same time, it is also a reflection of high demand environment out 
there, and shortage of supply. We expect this situation to continue for a couple of quarters till 
supply catches up. From our own perspective, as Salil mentioned, we have been able to backfill 
attrition as well as we had a net hiring of 8,000 this quarter. It is a clear reflection of the kind 
of brand that we have and the ability to attract the right talent. We will continue to focus on 
that. We have increased our campus hiring or the fresher hiring to 35,000 globally. We have 
already recruited more than 10,000 in this quarter, and we are also doing several other 
interventions. We already had one compensation increase in January and the second one is 
effective July we will be rolling it out. We have increased the number of promotions. There is 
a significant focus on retention there is lot of employee engagement initiatives, lot of focus on 
career growth, career opportunities for people and so on. So, this is something we will continue 
to do so and hopefully, over the next couple of quarters we should be able to come to terms 
with high attrition.  
Your second question was on the income tax project. We are working hard to address all the 
issues raised with respect to the portal. Many of the issues raised around performance and 
stability have been addressed. With the result today, on an average we have 8-10 lakh people 

 
7 
signing on to the portal and doing various activities. Many of the new functionalities like e-
proceedings, TDS returns, some of the statutory forms and ITR, too, have been released. Today, 
we have about 10 lakhs ITRs filed so far. Yesterday, we had about 1 lakh ITRs filed in a single 
day. We have about 1.6 lakhs DSP registrations, we have close to 2 lakhs statutory forms filed, 
we had 31,000 e-proceedings response submitted. We have been able to address about 63.5 
lakhs Aadhar-Pan linking requests and so on. So, as you can see, we have made some progress, 
but having said that we still have some ways to go. We have to address some of the intermittent 
issues we continue to face in some of the functionalities that are available. At the same time, 
we also have to rollout new functionalities as well. We are working very collaboratively with 
the Income Tax Department as well as other stakeholders. And it is our endeavor to address all 
these issues as expeditiously as possible. We have also added more bandwidth, we have 
invested in much more leadership, and I want to assure that this is the single largest priority for 
us today and we are hopeful to address the remaining concerns as well, as we roll out the 
remaining functionalities in due course. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Mugdha. The next question is from Poonam Saney who joins us from ET Now. 
Poonam, please going ahead. 
Poonam Saney 
Thank you so much for taking my question. Salil congratulations firstly for a very strong 
quarter and to the entire team. Salil, the deal momentum has been fairly strong, what is the kind 
of nature of deals that you have seen during the quarter, give us more color on that? Are there 
more large and small deals and also what is the kind of momentum that you have seen across 
the verticals and geographies in terms of the deal momentum? Secondly, talk to us more about 
the opportunities that you are seeing on the M&A front. Pravin, my question to you is that 
Infosys has retained a 22% -24% margin band and you did mention that you have a good 
amount of margin levers there and hence the confidence on the margin front despite several 
headwinds. So, what are those operating levers that you have in terms of margin defence. And 
one more question to Salil is, what is the kind of market share gains that you have seen so far 
and what is the outlook ahead on the market share gains for you?  

 
8 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Poonam. I think starting off first with the discussion on the deals, it is a mix of deals in 
our large deals portfolio with mid-size and larger deals. We see a good pipeline, we see good 
ability to convert. The type of work really comes from areas which are focused on data and 
analytics, a lot of work in the cloud side and there is also more and more work that we are 
seeing, which is a core functionality, a core set of actions, and converting, modernizing them 
into much more digital capabilities. In terms of the sectors, we are seeing a good traction from 
the growth numbers across several of our sectors, in fact, all of our sectors have grown very 
nicely. But there is good deal pipeline also in what we see in financial services, in retail, in 
manufacturing, in life sciences, so those are sectors, utilities, where we see a good deal pipeline 
as well. Before Pravin takes the other question, I will come back to the third one.  
On M&A our thinking is quite similar to what we have shared in the past- which is, first our 
focus is to look at things which help us accelerate what we are doing in digital. That is what 
our clients are looking for. Digital comprises of all of the elements, the Cloud, the IoT, the 
Cybersecurity, the data and so on, so those are areas we continue to look for and since there is 
a fit in terms of culture, there is a fit in terms of what we think we can do with the integration 
and then there is a fit in terms of how the value gets aligned. So those are really the same 
parameters and approach that we continue to look for in acquisitions. Pravin over to you. 
Pravin Rao 
On the margin levers, we have several levers. First one is driving higher efficiencies through 
adoption of lean and automation. This is something we have been doing for the last two years 
and there is still much more runway there. The second one is in the area of pyramid, role ratios 
and pyramid organization. Again, there are huge opportunities still left there. Third area is in 
pricing, particularly in the digital side, so that is an opportunity for us to drive higher pricing. 
These are in my mind some of the critical things. Right now, there are other levers which are 
probably optimized like typically utilization is a lever, but we are already highly optimized 
there, so there is not much scope in the short-term. Likewise, onsite-offshore ratio is also highly 
optimized, but three or four other levers which I talked about are some of the levers that are 
available for us to drive higher margins and we are extremely comfortable with the guidance 
of 22% to 24%. 

 
9 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Poonam. The next question is from Sharad Dubey who joins us from CNBC Awaaz. 
Sharad, please go ahead. 
Sharad Dubey  
Good afternoon Salil Ji and management. Congratulations on extremely good numbers.  How 
are the overall pricing trends and client confidence this quarter? What improvements are we 
seeing in the digital business and the cloud business? Question for Pravin - the wage hikes that 
have happened, is there a timeline in FY22 and what possible impact it could have on the 
margins given that travel is resuming, and the out-of-pocket expenses might increase.  There is 
one more question - what are the hiring trends you are seeing? Your peers are doing 
extraordinary hiring and we are seeing a good growth momentum in the IT pack as well – can 
you please share your perspective on the same?  
Salil Parekh 
Thank you, Sharad. We very much see the demand which is focused on digital and cloud areas. 
Digital, itself grew at 42%. We also have our Infosys Cobalt set of capabilities, which has seen 
more and more traction with our clients, and we continue to expand that set of capabilities, we 
continue to build out more industry specific solutions and more artifacts which are being used 
by our clients as they look at their cloud journeys. Those are areas which are most in demand. 
The other side that we see - where there is a focus on operations and technology coming 
together and doing a complete transformation from a client’s business perspective and that is 
driving how it impacts their end customers or their employees or how they interact with their 
partner ecosystem. Those are places where we are seeing more and more traction. So overall 
the demand outlook looks quite good, and the pricing looks quite stable at the start of this 
financial year. Pravin, over to you.  
Pravin Rao 
On the compensation front, we did the first round of increments effective January of this year. 
We also announced the second round of increments which will be effective July of this year, 
so that is already underway. That is the compensation plan, and it is already factored in our 

 
10 
margin guidance. Likewise, any increased travel due to relaxation on the COVID guidelines 
and so on, all those things have already been factored in from a margin perspective. In terms 
of hiring, we are looking at about 35,000 college-graduate hiring globally. We have already 
hired 10,000 this quarter and we will hire the remaining 25,000 over the next three quarters. 
We will continue to hire laterals as we have been doing in the past in addition to the college 
graduate hiring. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you so much Sharad. The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BloombergQuint. 
Sajeet, please go ahead. 
Sajeet Manghat 
Good set of numbers from your end. Salil, my question to you, in FY21 we saw you gathering 
nearly $14 bn of deal and $2.6 bn in Q1 of this year. Can you give us an idea of where is this 
deal coming from? Which regions this is coming from and what is the kind of pricing pressure 
that you may be facing here. Because even though deals are coming in at a much higher rates, 
we are not able to see that translate into higher margins and your margins are dependent on 
your domestic levers and efficiency levers, which are there, that is one question? For Nilanjan, 
you spoke the fact that you have wage hikes coming in. Can you give us an idea of when the 
discretionary spends with respect to travel and marketing expenses is kicking and if that kicks 
in, by what quarter we could see that impact coming into the EBIT margins going forward? For 
Pravin, a sense of some of the verticals how they are doing – BFSI, retail, and communication, 
are we seeing large deals coming in from there or is this just discretionary spends which is 
coming in from some of the clients? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for those questions. I will start off. I think what we see with the large deals as you 
shared, we had a good outcome last financial year at $14 bn, this quarter it is starting off well 
at $2.6 bn. We definitely see these deals being very much part of the change that our clients 
are looking for and that is what from our portfolio of services that the clients are leveraging. 
As I shared earlier, our pricing looks stable at this stage, in terms of how that translates to 

 
11 
margin as Nilanjan was sharing, last year we had several one-offs where travel had come down 
where we had been extremely focused on many other costs as we entered the March, April, 
May timeframe. Many of those costs will start going up, for example, the salary increases and 
many other things we have done for the employees. As that has come in, that is where we see 
the outcome of 23.7% in the first quarter. We still see from a deal perspective a good outlook 
and this 23.7% is very much within the guidance that we had shared at the beginning of the 
year, and we continue to have confidence that we are in that guidance. With that let me pass it 
on to you, Pravin. 
Pravin Rao 
From an industry perspective, we have had a broad based growth. Seven of the eight industry 
verticals had double digit growth except communication and two of our largest verticals FS 
and retail had more than 20% YoY growth on constant currency basis. And if you look at from 
large deal perspective, we had 22 large deal wins this quarter, out of it, nine were in Financial 
Services, four each in Retail and Energy, Utility, Resources & Services, two in Manufacturing 
and one each in other verticals. So Financial Services obviously had standout growth this 
quarter and this is consistent with what we have seen in the past four to five quarters we have 
had industry leading growth. Growth has been led primarily in US and mostly in the 
subsegments of banking, mortgages, wealth, and retirement services. With economy opening 
up, we expect demand to come back in the payment space as well. We are seeing a lot of uptick 
on cloud adoption, and we are seeing lot of opportunities around cloud migration, cloud 
management, cloud platform implementations and so on. We are well positioned as the full-
scale digital transformation player in this space.  
We have also seen good uptick in demand in retail after a long time. With vaccination done 
and economy opening up in many of the major markets, we are seeing pent up demand coming 
to the fore. Consumers’ sentiment is turning positive. This augurs well for the retail sector. 
Clients are aggressively investing in accelerating their digital transformation initiatives. It is a 
great opportunity for us to help our clients in their omnichannel initiatives and compete with 
the digital initiatives. We are seeing good traction in this space as well.  
While CMT has been soft on a YoY basis, on a sequential basis we are seeing good growth on 
the back of some of the large deal wins both in prior quarter and in the current quarter. In this 

 
12 
space, there is a lot of focus on 5G, cybersecurity, edge computing, and some of the next gen 
technologies like IoT, AI and so on.  
Energy, Utilities, was one of the softer quarters and we still see some softness in travel, 
hospitality, and also in energy space. However, we are slowly seeing some discretionary spend 
come back in this space. Here the focus is more on customer service transformation, legacy 
modernization, smart grid initiatives and so on.  
Lastly, on the manufacturing, again we have had industry leading growth. We have had a 
tailwind of Daimler win in the previous quarter. We are doing extremely well in all the three 
subsegments of aerospace, automotive and industrial. Here I think we are seeing a lot of 
opportunities around ER&D, engineering, industrial IoT and so on. So net-net, the growth has 
been pretty much broad based. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Sajeet. The next question is from Kushal Gupta from Zee Business who joins us 
an audio. Kushal please unmute yourself and ask your questions. 
Kushal Gupta 
My first question is to Mr. Parekh with regards to the digital revenue which we are having. It 
has gone almost to 54%, so currently like in terms of the market demand which is coming up, 
is it more about reaching may be Accenture level because going forward I think it would more 
be around digital, particular contracts which we are getting in terms of deals. I wanted to get 
clarity on that. Secondly to Mr. Rao, I would want to ask with vaccination now happening and 
people coming back to office, what is the percentage are we looking at going forward 
permanently as the hybrid model? And finally in terms of pricing, I would like to ask Mr. Roy 
about the pricing part, in which vertical can we put forward a price increase given the kind of 
demand which we are receiving may be from the Financial Services, so which vertical is the 
key growth area going forward for FY 22?  
Salil Parekh 

 
13 
Thanks for your questions. I think on the first one with respect to digital, what we are seeing is 
that with all of the capabilities that we have built, one of the examples, we discussed earlier 
was on Infosys Cobalt on cloud. There are many others including on what we have done with 
artificial intelligence, what we are doing on machine learning, where we have strengths in data 
and analytics. We have today across the board a leading position in 48 categories that are 
tracked in the digital spectrum by independent market analysts. And that gives our clients the 
confidence to work with Infosys and to select Infosys for their most critical digital 
transformation programs. Where will this go, I think at this stage we are happy with the growth 
of 42%, the overall percentage having become 54% and we think this will continue because 
the client demand is very strong for digital. Now what we have in terms of capabilities, there 
is high level of relevance what our clients are looking for and we are building out the capacity 
in terms of all of our employees working for these areas. Our reskilling is going on to support 
these areas. So, from that perspective, we see a good future for the digital growth. Pravin, over 
to you. 
Pravin Rao 
In terms of work-from-office, today we have about 98% of employees working from home 
globally. In India it is much higher at 99%. In terms of vaccination as well, in India we have 
about close to 58% of our employees who have had at least one dose of vaccination. About 
10% of the people have had both the doses, but in some of the markets like Europe and US and 
all, we have had a higher percentage of people getting vaccinated and we are slowly seeing the 
economy open up. So, we do expect in the course of this quarter some amount of increased 
number of people coming to office to work. So one thing is certain, that future will be hybrid, 
where people will have flexibility to work-from-home or work-from-office. It will depend on 
the people inclination, it will depend on the clients requirement and it will also depend on the 
nature of the product. From our perspective, we are very well equipped. In the past, we have 
demonstrated our ability to switch between work-from-office and work-from-home seamlessly, 
so we are pretty confident that we should be able to deal with this situation. It is very difficult 
to figure out what percentage of people would like to work-from-office or work-from-home, 
but only time will tell. Our efforts over the next couple of quarters will be to slowly start getting 
more and more people to come to office, even though it could be in a hybrid model. 
Rishi Basu 

 
14 
Thank you Kushal. The next question is also on audio from Giriprakash from The Hindu 
Business Line. Giri please go ahead. 
Giriprakash K 
Good afternoon. Mr Parekh you did mention about the fact that this is perhaps the fastest 
growth in the last one decade. You have also increased the guidance as well, so just wanted to 
know whether this kind of growth is maintainable, given the fact that especially Europe and 
US offices have started reopening, pandemic has to a great extent retreated in several countries 
in Europe and US, do you think that this growth is maintainable? 
Salil Parekh 
There, the way we see it is today, the overall demand outlook as we engage with clients is very 
strong. To give you an example, I was in a discussion two weeks ago with a client where they 
are asking us to expand the work we do with them in a material way across a variety of their 
programs, some of them on Digital and others on other technologies. These are sorts of 
discussions, me, our colleagues, who are interacting with clients are having. So we feel 
comfortable with the economy coming back in many of the western markets that this will 
continue. Of course, what we have done with the guidance is for this financial year and that is 
the outlook that we share with the overall change or the digital transformation that many 
industries are going through is quite remarkable. Many companies, which were not in the digital 
space, not in the online space are now shifting at a rapid speed and those are areas  where we 
can help and support them. Many companies that were native digital companies are also 
growing very fast where we can help and support them. So, from all of those perspectives today 
the demand looks very good. 
Giriprakash K 
Alright. Thank you Mr. Parekh. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you Giri. The next question is from Chandra Ranganathan from Moneycontrol. Chandra 
please go ahead. 

 
15 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Hi Salil, Pravin Nilanjan, qquestions for all of you. Salil, to begin with a lot of companies are 
talking about how the nature of contracts itself is changing. It is becoming larger, more 
transformative and they are now going back to the same plans getting renewals, they are getting 
bigger ticket size contracts and for longer durations? If you can weigh in on that? Secondly, I 
would also like your take on the series of internet IPOs that we are seeing in India, what you 
make of this new wave of wealth creation because Infosys has really been the gold standard 
when it comes to wealth creation for retail investors.  Pravin, a couple of questions. You gave 
an update on vaccination. When we spoke to you in July you had mentioned 11,000 people 
were vaccinated? You will place an order for 1.2 mn doses to cover all employees and their 
dependents. So, can you give us a sense of whether you are getting the supply? How much till 
date? Also, in terms of attrition, have you changed it from annualized to LTM because the 
number for March is different compared to what you said last time so again can you take us 
through why you have sort of decided to do this? One last question on ITR.You mentioned that 
you know it is work-in-progress but why does Infosys struggle with government projects in 
general in India? Is it because the scope keeps changing for these projects because we have 
seen this in the past with MCA 21 and GST also. So, what is really the reason for this?  
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Chandra. Let me start off there. I think in terms of the type of deals that are going on 
with our clients are broadly across what we see in the market. We do not see that there is a 
change whether it is duration or the terms of going back to the same client to extend. Our 
approach is much more looking at what is the objective our clients are driving and what is the 
impact that we can have in helping them achieve that objective. So deals are of different sizes 
and different durations and we have not seen a shift if I look back over the last 24 to 36 months. 
Of course, during the very first days when COVID started off there was a change in what people 
were looking at. There was a lot more focus on cost efficiency, but as we progressed through 
this, there is an increased focus on digital transformation and those are the sorts of deals that 
we are seeing today. With that let me pass it on to Pravin. 
 

 
16 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Salil your take on all the action we are seeing on the internet? 
Salil Parekh 
I think there I follow what I read in the papers and see on social media. This is very impressive 
what these companies are building and we wish them all the very best in what they are building. 
In any areas in the technology side that we can help, we will absolutely support them. 
Pravin Rao 
Chandra, on the vaccination front so far we have administered over 230,000 doses. About 
120,000 plus employees have been covered. The remaining are the dependents. So this 
translates to about 59% of our employees having at least one single dose and about 10% of the 
employees having both the doses. We have already placed order for more than half a million 
doses. But today the issue is not about supply at least from our perspective, our issue has been 
about roughly 50% of our people are no longer in the cities where our DCs are. Their homes 
are in tier two and tier three cities and while we have tie ups with hospitals to administer 
vaccines for those people wherever they are required, they are also relying on vaccine available 
in their own regions and they are trying to get vaccinated. So from our perspective, we have 
not seen too much of issue with the supply. Our challenge has been how do you ensure 50% of 
our people who are in tier two and tier three cities get themselves vaccinated because they are 
dispersed across multiple cities and that is where our focus is on currently.  
On the attrition front, earlier we used to do quarterly annualized. Now we have moved to last 
12 month basis. So the numbers I gave are comparing relative to the last 12 months basis. This 
is the voluntary attrition for IT services. Last quarter, it was 10.9% and this quarter it has moved 
up to 13.9%. The reason we have shifted is when we look at all our peers, the majority of them 
are using LTM criteria so we thought it is good for us to also align with what seems to be the 
common standard in the industry.  
On income tax, our focus is right now on trying to address the issues, fix it expeditiously. We 
have not really done a post-mortem. There will be time for us to do it much later so right now 
our focus is on that so at some point in time we have to really test out and figure out what 

 
17 
happened and what can we do differently. As we have repeatedly said we are really proud of 
all these stuff that we do for India project and the kind of work that we do. It is not a question 
of not wanting to do, we are indeed open to do that and we want to do it, but we definitely need 
to look at what when wrong here and try to address it in the future. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you Chandra. We will take the next question which is from Ayushman Baruah from 
Mint. Ayushman, please go ahead. 
Ayushman Baruah 
Hi Salil and team. First of all, a quick clarification, when you said, fastest growth in ten years, 
are you referring to YoY fastest growth in revenues? That is number one. Number two is that 
since a lot of these banks, etc., financial services institutions are actually setting up their own 
technology centers here in India or their GICs, are you actually kind of losing share of work to 
the GICs? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for your question. I think on the first one, we are seeing both on a sequential basis and 
on a YoY basis. This growth is the fastest we have had in over a decade, so we are extremely 
delighted that, that is the way our clients are perceiving us.  
On what some of the banks are doing as we shared in terms of setting up their centers, what we 
see is there is a tremendous amount of demand and especially in the banking sector but in 
several other sectors where also centers are set up, for example, retail, or Hi-Tech and there are 
projects which are done by those centers. In several cases, we actually are collaborating with 
the centers as they are scaling up to make sure that we support bank or retail company or others 
both in the western geographies as well as in India. So, today, we do not see that that is 
something that is taking away from the work that we are doing. There is a large amount of work 
that we still see that is coming straight from many of our clients and many of the projects that 
we do when we have centers, we collaborate with them as well. 
Rishi Basu 

 
18 
Thanks, Ayushman. The next question is from Stuti Roy. Stuti has sent her questions on text. 
I will read out on Stuti’s behalf. The questions are for Salil. Two questions; the glitches in the 
IT portal seem to be continuing. The finance minister had held a review meeting with Infosys 
officials asking them to resolve them on priority, which are the issues or glitches that users still 
face on the portal and by when they are likely to be resolved completely? The next question, 
Infosys had initiated an internal investigation into an insider trading matter after markets 
regulator SEBI barred two of its employees from the securities market in that case. What is the 
update on that? 
Salil Parekh 
As Pravin had just shared on the income tax system situation, we are working extremely hard 
in making sure that all of the features are being delivered, we are working expeditiously. As 
Pravin shared, several of the functionalities are already working, there are a large number of 
returns that are being filed, statutory forms that are being uploaded, e-proceedings that are 
carrying on. And there is work done in making sure that all of the stability and the performance 
is coming together. We have also augmented the team and the project management. We feel 
all of this is moving ahead. There is some work that still needs to be done and we are confident 
that all of that will be done. We are working very closely with the Income Tax Department and 
with the Chartered Accountants Associations who have been kind enough to give their input 
and advice on this matter. Working jointly and collaboratively with all the stakeholders, we 
believe that all of these situations will be addressed in a step-by-step manner and all of the 
issues will be resolved.  
In terms of the insider trading, this is something where the company Infosys is not a focus of 
any of the activity from SEBI. We are fully supporting in providing data and information and 
we will watch what the process entails and make sure we are in full compliance with all the 
guidelines and regulations. Infosys is not part as a company, of any enquiry or proceeding in 
this matter. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. The next question is from Jochelle Mendonca from ET Prime. The question 
is for Salil and Pravin. Can you give us a breakup on the large deal wins? How much was 

 
19 
renewals versus net new deals? The second question is in terms of hiring from campuses, is 
Infosys looking at compacting its training programs to deploy this talent faster? 
Pravin Rao 
In terms of large deals, we had as we said $2.6 bn TCV, 22 large deals cutting across segments, 
9 in Financial Services, 4 each in CRL and EURS, 2 in manufacturing and one each in other 
verticals. Geography wise we had 14 in Americas, five in Europe, two in Rest of the World 
and one in India and 30% is net new out of this large deal win.  
The second one from a campus perspective as we said earlier, we are planning to recruit a total 
number of about 35,000 college graduates worldwide. Even in the past we have tried to look at 
accelerating the training duration and faster deployment for a specific set of college graduates. 
For instance, if someone has already been trained in computer science and if someone is a 
computer science graduate or someone has  advanced technology experience, in those cases we 
have a much condensed training schedule so that they can be deployed on projects in a much 
quicker way. But, for people graduating in some of the other disciplines, we continue to take 
about nearly three-and-a-half to four months to complete the training duration. We believe that 
is important to lay a very strong foundation and at the end of it, they become pretty much 
productive in the projects. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Pravin. The next question is from Sankalp Phartiyal from Reuters. Sankalp has sent 
his questions on text. He has a question for Salil and Pravin. Two questions again. The first 
question is regarding the opening up of the US economy, how is work coming back? Are big 
deals in the offing, if yes, which sectors? The second question, a third wave is predicated in 
India, are there any changes to the work from home model or to hiring? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Sankalp for those questions. I think you are absolutely right. The US geography, 
certainly many of the European markets are coming back very strongly. We see the economies 
opening up, through that we see a lot of demand for large programs which look at 
modernization, look at transformation, look at cloud or look at areas which are focused on data 

 
20 
and analytics. We do see our large deals in all of these areas and especially when things have 
to be brought together where all of the capabilities have to work in conjunction, those are the 
sorts of deals where we have a real advantage where all of our thinking and approach of ‘One 
Infosys’ comes together. In terms of sectors, we see continuously good demand for those sorts 
of activities in Financial Services, Retail, consumer products has come back nicely. We see 
good demand on the Hi-Tech sector and that is an area which has tremendous potential going 
ahead. Many of the other sectors are also in good shape, but these are especially quite strong 
at this time. On the second one, Pravin, you want to take it? 
Pravin Rao 
I think the nature of the pandemic is, we will continue to see multiple waves because while 
India is expecting a third wave some of the geographies have already had the impact of the 
third wave and economies have started opening up. In the long run, getting majority of the 
population vaccinated and following safe practices at least for the near future is going to be the 
only solution. In the interim, the current way of working in hybrid model will probably remain 
true. So whatever we have been doing in the last four-five quarters in terms of hiring, working 
from home, those things still continue. In the past as well, between the first and second wave 
we had about 5% of the population come back to work, but when second wave triggered, we 
had most of them started working back from home, so we expect that trend to continue for 
some time. But our own expectation is over the next six months or so, assuming that the impact 
of any subsequent wave is minimal, we will probably expect maybe about 20% to 30% of the 
people to start coming to work-from-office. Again, this could vary from geography to 
geography and as I said earlier it will also depend on nature of project, client requirements, and 
individual preferences and so on. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. Thank you, Pravin. The next question is from Alnoor Peermohamed from 
The Economic Times. Alnoor joins us on the audio. Alnoor, please go ahead. 
Alnoor Peermohamed  

 
21 
Good evening everyone. Thanks for taking my question. My question is to Salil. I would like 
to know what do you think will be the impact of the recently signed executive order by US 
President Joe Biden on the IT Services and Outsourcing Industry? 
Salil Parekh 
Alnoor, which specific order you are referring to? 
Alnoor Peermohamed 
The one to boost competition in the US - 72 specific orders on various industries including 
banks where they have talked about portability of data of consumers between banks. How could 
that sort of affect the IT Services industry? 
Salil Parekh 
I think the focus there as you mentioned was on the competitiveness of the US businesses. 
From our perspective, I do not know broadly about the sector, our own focus in that, is we are 
seeing that as those companies become more competitive, we will certainly benefit. In terms 
of data and protection, we are already very much supportive of the approach that various of our 
clients have taken within the insurance companies and the banks where this is a greatest impact. 
We feel we will be able to support them as they go through, some of the changes that may be 
required or that may come from this. But the details of this still are being worked out as you 
know and once they get worked out, we will get a sense of what the impact will be specifically 
for our clients and therefore how that will impact the changes that we have to do the work. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Alnoor. The next question is from Saritha Rai from Bloomberg. Saritha, go ahead 
please. 
Saritha Rai 
My question to Salil is about the conversations that you are having with the clients. What are 
the reasons for optimism that you are seeing in particularly your major geography, the US as 
well as your major vertical, the BFSI segment?  The question for Pravin is about challenges 

 
22 
that you are facing in skilling, hiring and retaining employees just as you see the whole startup 
ecosystem and the SaaS startup ecosystem, there is a lot of activity in all of these, and these are 
the brands that compete with you on hiring, how do you expect to see hiring turnout in the 
coming quarters? And the last question again to Pravin, is about employees’ reluctance to come 
back to office, have you seen that or have you seen indications of that? 
Salil Parekh 
I think the first one, in my discussions especially with clients in Financial Services, there are 
different types of work that we are seeing. One is work that relates to the Financial Services 
companies looking to expand or get greater market share with their customer base. What we 
have learnt or what they have learnt through this last several quarters is when you leverage 
digital platforms and cloud, customer connect acquisition work becomes much more intuitive 
for their customers and we with our capabilities set on digital and cloud are able to support 
that. Another area that we see is focused on what clients in Financial Services want to do in 
terms of which specific partners they want to work with. We are seeing that with the extreme 
resilience that we have shown through the work-from-home move and even supporting clients 
through all of the changes in the past five, six quarters there is a tremendous benefit, and we 
see some discussions where we are getting more and more access to and work with some clients 
in Financial Services. The third area, there is a regulatory work that we see clients in Financial 
Services are doing and that requires more expansion and in many of those places, we are 
present. And the fourth is where the clients are looking to combine the operations and 
technology, transform the whole business, make it more efficient, but also much more digital 
and new age where they can engage with their employees or other customers in a more intuitive 
way and when that combines tech and ops again we find ourselves in the most strong position 
to support our clients because they see that we are able to bring everything together much more 
effectively as ‘One Infosys’. So, there are multiple areas in Financial Services and each sector 
has different aspects that we can see that help us to scale up. With that let me pass it to Pravin. 
Pravin Rao 
On the attrition front, you are right. It is a reflection of the strong demand environment and in 
addition to that, the startup is also very attractive place for many of our employees and with 
more and more of unicorns out there, that sector is now also an increasing focus for some of 

 
23 
our employees. So obviously that is something we are dealing with. From our perspective, there 
is a two-pronged  approach - one is we are doing our best to retain people, we are trying to 
articulate the value proposition, the kind of investments we are doing in terms of their own 
career, in ensuring that they are digitally ready, future ready and so on, we are talking about 
the inclusive culture that we have in the organization and there are lot of other investments 
around employee in terms of job rotation, billing and so on, so those are some of the things we 
are trying to articulate and there is a lot of deep engagement and lot of focus on retaining 
employees. At the same time, we are also looking at attracting new talent as well. One of our 
biggest strengths has been our ability to recruit college graduates, train them and then deploy 
them in a productive manner and from that perspective we are one of the most attractive brands 
in the country and our ability to attract this kind of talent is very high. Even this quarter with 
higher attrition we have not only been able to backfill attrition, but we have also had 8,000 of 
net hire. So, that is the reflection of our ability to also recruit talent, upscale, train them and 
deploy them and further, so that is the other area we will focus on.  
In terms of employee’s willingness to come back to work, in some sense you are right, there is 
some sense of hesitancy in terms of employees wanting to return to work. Primarily most of it 
is around safety concerns and so on and it also varies from geography to geography. One of the 
things, we have realized is where people are in the same city as where our campuses are located, 
there I think there is much more willingness for people to come. They are looking at some kind 
of flexibility rather than a big bang approach and which we are also trying to do in a phased 
manner, but our challenges mostly for people who are no longer in tier-1 cities where our 
campuses are, they have gone back to their home towns which will be in tier-2, tier-3 cities 
there, there is a greater deal of reluctance because they are not sure whether there will be an 
advent of third wave, whether they have to sit back to work-from-home and so on. So I think 
there is a bigger deal of reluctance from that set of population. Our own sense is this requires 
some amount of pain management and we have to do it in a very phased manner, so our 
approach is to first start small 8 to 12 weeks, encourage people who are willing to come on a 
voluntary basis and creating that safe environment and giving them assurance, creating trust 
between the employees that they have a safe environment to work on and based on that learning 
we will fine tune it and we are confident over the course of the next three to six months we 
should be able to address any concerns employees have and encourage them to come back to 
office as required depending on the nature of work. 

 
24 
Rishi Basu 
The next question is from Sai Ishwar from The Informist. Sai is joining us on audio, Sai please 
go ahead. 
Sai Ishwar 
Good evening just one question to Salil Sir, could you throw some light on the annual budgets 
because compared to last year, in the middle of last year we had the pandemic, so do you see 
some of those spends of your clients flowing into this year and also could you actually tell us 
are these spends more in the areas of cost optimization kind of deals, which might taper down 
once the pandemic normalizes? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the question. The way we are seeing today, first there were some constraints, as you 
rightly point out last year in the budget but that very quickly gave way to what you describe as 
the efficiency cost discussions, but there was also a discussion on what can we do to change 
our business in terms of becoming much more online, much more digital, much more 
connected, so that they could expand their own connects in the market. Today, what we are 
seeing is that both of those continue, there is a huge focus and through our work on automation 
and artificial intelligence we are at the forefront of helping our clients, be much more efficient 
with respect to the tech spend. There is also the focus on building out new capabilities on their 
side, which allow them to be more fluid in the digital online environment. Some of that is a 
cost, some of that is a spend for them but a lot of that is also becoming an investment for them. 
So, it is a different way that they are looking at technology and that is partially why we see 
some of the boost because once large companies look at technology also as an investment it is 
a completely different pool from which they are looking to do their investment and then the 
returns that they are looking on it in terms of market growth or business repositioning or 
efficiency, which is the outcome that they are getting. So those are the changes that we are 
seeing in the way the budgets are evolving. 
Rishi Basu- 

 
25 
Thank you, Sai. The next question is from Supriya Roy who joins us from TechCircle. Supriya 
please go ahead. 
Supriya Roy 
Hi gentlemen. I want to know what fraction of the India business in this June quarter has been 
coming from the government sector in the country and if you could compare that to the June 
quarter the previous year. I understand the pricing is not quite affected by the volatility of the 
macroeconomic conditions right now, but how does the changing demands of the India clients 
that you have now and the kind of clients that you want to have in the near future who want to 
retain the pricing that you have in the India market, given again the whole backdrop of COVID-
19 situation. The second question is - I want to revisit the problem statement on attrition Pravin 
did mention that as and when supply does catch up there will be better opportunities. So could 
you just elaborate on what supply catching up is he referring to there as well, and I also want 
to further define the problem statement with there are lot of these media reports which go onto 
show data that lot of these heavily backed startups in the country are paying good engineers to 
the tune of as much as over maybe Rs.1 Crore 11 lakhs per annum and then you have engineers 
with two to three years of experience earning as much as Rs.52 lakhs or Rs.53 lakhs at these 
heavily backed startups on per annum basis. So how is Infosys’ approach beyond fresher hiring 
going to capture this sort of talent pool that the startups are well positioned to train as well as 
go on to balance the same excellent operating margin that are currently sustaining?  
Salil Parekh 
Let me start off and then Pravin and Nilanjan may join in. On the India business what you 
mentioned, as you know, and Nilanjan was sharing earlier, India business is small part just 
under 3% of our revenue. We do not split out within that any of the sectors and what the 
percentage of that sector is, nor do we split out separately the pricing in that, suffice it to say 
what Nilanjan was sharing that we had a growth in all of our geographies including in our India 
geography in Q1. We of course, as all of us did, had an intense impact of the second wave and 
nonetheless our work there continued in many ways.  
In terms of attrition, let me start off and then of course Pravin will jump in. The thinking that 
we have there is we want to make sure that we do everything that we are doing, keeping 

 
26 
employees in the forefront. Pravin mentioned number of different factors that we are looking 
at. Of course we have done a lot of work as Pravin and Nilanjan both mentioned- with the 
January increase in compensation with the one that kicks in, in July one with a lot of activity 
on promotions, all of those things are part of work we are driving with respect to making sure 
that we are an extremely attractive company for talent. Again, as Pravin mentioned, and I had 
shared earlier we had a net hiring of 8,000 people, so we continue to make sure that we fulfill 
the demand that we are seeing in front of us. In terms of what you said about the startups and 
some of the salary points, what we see today is that we have an extremely good training 
environment, what Pravin referenced earlier, three to four months, we also have a career path 
which is long with lots of interesting projects, and we are able to attract employees into that 
talent mix. Of course, we also are looking at what we are doing with compensation, we are also 
doing things which gives special bonuses where there are digital skills involved and we work 
with all of our employees to make sure that holistically both from an engagement perspective, 
team perspective and compensation perspective and training, we are doing everything that 
supports them. Pravin, is there anything else that you would like to add? 
Pravin Rao 
I think one clarification you wanted was around the supply. If you remember whole of last year, 
the growth for the industry was muted, people had stopped hiring and many of the campus 
hires’ joining date was deferred. Only in the last quarter or so, with growth coming back people 
have started to resume hiring and many of the deferred candidates are being asked to join the 
company. There is a lead time because we have to hire, we have to train them, this training 
could be four to five months before we can deploy them on the project. So that is what I meant 
supply catching up, more people we hire, college graduates, train them and deploy them in 
projects then when the whole situation will ease and we will be able to meet with demand in a 
much more comfortable way so that is what I was referring from a supply perspective.  
Other question on the startup, as Salil mentioned we also have couple of specialist teams, one 
we call power programmer and the other one is called digital specialist. We hire people into 
these streams that have significantly higher compensation than what we do for normal college 
graduate. So, that is one way of for us to attract the right talent and we deploy these people on 
some of the most challenging projects which are very attractive for these people as well. So 

 
27 
that is other way we tried to also try to compete and try to get the best of the candidates out 
there. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Supriya. The next question is from Malavika Maloo from Enterprise Story.  
Malavika Maloo 
As you have been talking about retaining talent and hiring, you also said that you will be 
looking for better compensation packages and other programs, so do you see the cost of 
retaining and hiring talent to go up in the coming quarters, especially given that there is a 
shortage of supply and what are the other challenges you are facing in this area? My second 
question has to do with ESG. Are you seeing any factors of ESG which clients are considering 
while signing deals and if yes, how do you plan on taking that into account and how do you 
plan to improve your ESG factors? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for those questions. The first one with respect to talent, compensation, and cost as 
Nilanjan had shared earlier these are things that we have factored in as we look at our cost 
outlook for the full year, we have already worked with compensation increase, which was rolled 
out in January, another one which is rolled out in July, there are other mechanisms through 
promotions, through different approaches, which we have done on retentions and as we bring 
talent in. Yes, all of those are costs, but those have been factored in as we provide our guidance 
for the full year, which is operating margin of 22% to 24% .There are many other levers which 
we use as some of them that we have discussed here for example how we work with 
subcontractors, how we work with role ratios in pyramid, what we do in terms of digital value 
with our clients which will help us to make sure that the overall cost and margin equation is 
how we have committed and how we have forecasted in terms of the market.  
For the ESG, I will request Nilanjan to give a view on that please. 
Nilanjan Roy 

 
28 
As you all know we actually rolled out our ESG 2030 vision in October last year and 
fundamentally we realized that our sustainability has to address all stakeholders - our clients, 
our shareholders, our employees, the community we work in and therefore it is a very holistic 
ESG vision. Specifically, we have also seen that supply chain for many of our clients and when 
we are the vendors for them, they are very interested in our ESG practices and sustainability 
practices. In fact in Europe, it is very common for clients to ask us about ESG ratings in global 
indices. So absolutely this is more and more going to be a long part and a large part in the 
decision making as well and I think our credentials over the last 40 years around this is very 
high. We have recently been rated by one of the largest Indian rating houses last month as a 
number one company across India in our ESG practices. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Malavika. The next question is from Shilpa. Shilpa go ahead, please. 
Shilpa Phadnis - Times of India 
Your offshore effort increased to 76% that is significantly higher and the recent ISG finding 
shows that the supply side talent crunch is not impacting the pricing of contracts, so do you 
think the automation is causing this  decoupling and second question is on attrition, hiring new 
talent and rehiring some of them and backfilling them, would mean higher cost especially when 
there is  a war for technology talent, if we can talk about what kind of retention measures have 
really worked, not just for top performers. There is also widening MRE employee gap to the 
management, are the benefits more skewed towards senior management and not the junior 
employees? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the first one, the point with respect to attrition, I think the focus there in terms of how we 
work and make sure that we are fulfilling client need is what Pravin was sharing earlier. We 
have a program which allows us to bring in a lot of employees, that we have now set a target 
for 35,000 college graduates worldwide that will join us and be deployed. We also have 
different mechanisms which are focused on making sure that all of the employees have a much 
greater engagement, a clear career path, a lot more of focus on reskilling, as we move to the 

 
29 
digital skill sets, a specialized program where there are digital tags which enable employees to 
get specialized bonuses, compensation, projects and of course the focus that we discussed on 
promotions. We think all of these things help us as we shared earlier with the net increase of 
8,000 employees in the quarter to demonstrate that our brand, our approach to bringing talent 
in is still extremely relevant and therefore we are able to fulfill what our client needs are and 
grow at the pace at which we are growing here. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Shilpa. The last question for this evening has been sent by Maya Sharma from 
NDTV and I am going to read out her question gentlemen. One of you can choose to respond 
to it. In response to the ongoing Zomato IPO and all the new recent unicorns, broadly what 
does this mean for the startup sector in India? 
Salil Parekh 
So, let me take that and others may have a view. I think it is incredible to see the success of all 
of these companies, many of them which are based on technology and of course in the way that 
they leverage it in the digital ecosystem. I think it is going to give a lot of boost to all technology 
businesses within the country and of course give a boost to much more innovation that we see 
coming over the years increasingly coming from India. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you Salil. With that we come to the end of the Q&A session. We thank our friends from 
Media for being part of this press conference and thank you Salil, thank you Pravin, and thank 
you Nilanjan for being here. Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this 
conference will be available on our YouTube channel and our website later today. Thank you 
once again for joining us and have a great evening. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Infosys Earnings Call 
Q1 FY22 
July 14, 2021 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations 
 
A N A LY S T S 
 
Moshe Katri 
Wedbush Securities 
 
Diviya Nagarajan 
UBS 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
ICICI Securities 
 
Pankaj Kapoor 
CLSA 
 
Ashwin Mehta 
Ambit Capital 
 
Keith Bachman 
Bank of Montreal 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
 

2 
 
Ankur Rudra 
JP Morgan 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus Securities 
 
Dipesh Mehta 
Emkay Global 

3 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thanks Margreth. Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q1 FY22 
Earnings Release. I am Sandeep from the investor relations team in Bengaluru. 
Joining us today on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; COO, Mr. Pravin Rao; CFO, 
Mr. Nilanjan Roy; along with other members of the senior management team. 
We will start the call with some color on the performance of the company by Salil, Pravin and 
Nilanjan, before opening the call for questions. 
Please note that anything that we say, which refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A 
complete statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, 
which can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep.  
Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you for joining us today. I 
trust each of you and your families are safe and well. 

4 
 
I am delighted to share with you that we have had a landmark first quarter, with robust YoY 
growth of 16.9% and sequential growth of 4.8% in constant currency terms. This has been the 
fastest growth we have seen in 10 years.  
We continue to gain significant market share with this growth being essentially organic and 
especially in the area of digital transformation. This is a clear reflection of Infosys’ resilience 
and client relevance that has grown stronger with the unwavering commitments of our 
employees and our differentiated digital portfolio. 
I would like to thank all our employees for their enormous dedication and contribution 
especially during another testing period with the second COVID wave in India. 
Some of the highlights of our results are:  
1. Revenues were $3.78 bn, which is a growth of 16.9% YoY and 4.8% sequentially in 
constant currency.  
2. Our digital business grew by 42% YoY and now constitutes 53.9% of our overall revenues.  
3. We had broad-based growth across all our sectors, service lines and geographies.  
4. Financial Services grew by 23%, Retail 22%, Life Sciences 21%, Manufacturing 19%, the 
North American geography by 21%.  
5. Our large deals were at $2.6 bn; large deals are deals over $50 mn in value.  
6. Operating margins were strong at 23.7%.  
7. We had a tremendous focus on our employee, especially related to the well-being and to 
the new talent expansion approach that we have with employees.  
8. Free cash flow was strong at $863 mn, 18.5% higher than the same quarter in the previous 
year.  
9. Attrition increased to 13.9%.  
10. We had a net headcount increase of 8,000, attracting leading talent from the market. We 
remain comfortable with our ability to support our clients in their digital transformation 
journey. 
Our sustained approach in building differentiated digital capabilities is helping us enable our 
clients to move with speed, becoming agile and create value as they connect with their 
customers, employees and partners with new digital constructs. For example, with the Cloud 

5 
 
becoming a strategic priority for businesses, more clients across industries are engaging with 
us to take advantage of Infosys Cobalt solutions and services specialized on the Cloud. 
With a strong start to the financial year, good large deals in Q1, strong pipeline, we are 
increasing our annual revenue growth guidance, which was at 12% - 14%, to 14% - 16% growth 
in constant currency. Our operating margin guidance remains unchanged at 22% - 24%. 
Last week, Infosys completed 40 years. I am delighted to share with you the vision of our 
founders and all the leaders that have helped shape the company are contributing to us being 
well-positioned for growth and being a strong and consistent partner for our clients in their 
digital transformation journeys. I would like to thank the founders, employees, clients, 
shareholders and all our stakeholders for their ongoing guidance, support and contribution. 
With that, let me turn it over to Pravin. 
Pravin Rao 
Thank you, Salil. Hello, everyone. Hope you and your family are well, safe and healthy.  
After a period of extremely concerning medical situation caused by the second wave of 
pandemic, India is gradually returning to normalcy. We have been extremely focused on 
employee well-being, extending every possible help to overcome any medical situation of our 
employees. We have ramped up vaccination drive for employees and their families. And so far, 
we have vaccinated 58% of our employees in India with at least one shot. 
We saw a sustained growth acceleration in Q1 with YoY constant currency growth of 16.9%. 
Growth was broad-based with 7 industry segments reporting strong double-digit growth, 
including the two largest, Financial Services and Retail, growing more than 20% YoY. 
Operating parameters continued to improve during the quarter.  
• Utilization improved further to new all-time high of 88.5%.  
• Onsite effort mix reduced further to a new low of 24.1%.  
However, subcon cost increased by 120bps due to stronger than expected growth, high attrition 
and demand for niche skills.  

6 
 
We won 22 large deals in Q1, totaling $2.6 bn - 9 in Financial Services, 4 each in Retail and 
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services, 2 in Manufacturing and 1 each in Communications, 
Hi-Tech and Life Sciences segments. Region wise – 14 were from Americas, 5 were from 
Europe, 2 from RoW and 1 from India. The share of new deals in Q1 was 30%. 
Client metrics improved meaningfully with $100mn clients count increasing to 34, an increase 
of 9 YoY. We added 113 new clients in the last quarter.  
With growth coming back, demand for top talent has also increased. Voluntary last 12-months 
attrition increased from 10.9% last quarter to 13.9% in Q1. However, we not only backfilled 
attrition completely, but also added another 8,300 employees on a net basis, which is a 
testimony to the strength of recruitment engine at Infosys and our status as a sought-after 
employer.  
We are taking all necessary measures to enhance employee value proposition and improve both 
talent acquisition and retention. However, we expect attrition to be high in the near-term due 
to strong demand. 
In Q1, we on-boarded over 10,000 college graduates and for the full year, we have increased 
the college graduate hiring target to 35,000 globally to ensure unconstrained client deliveries. 
As communicated earlier, the salary revision for fiscal 2022 will kick off from July for majority 
of our employees. 
Moving to business segments. 
Industry-leading performance in Financial Services continued with steady increase in growth 
momentum aided by signings during the quarter. Growth is led by U.S., especially in 
subsegments like Banking, Mortgages, Wealth and Retirement Services. With the gradual 
opening of the economy, we are also seeing significant improvement in the Payments sector. 
There is visible acceleration in cloud adoption and we are working with many of our clients on 
cloud migration, cloud management and other cloud-related platform deals. With the 
combination of our domain + tech + ops + digital capabilities, we are well-positioned as a full 
stack digital transformation player. 

7 
 
Performance of the Retail segment improved meaningfully with both new deal signings during 
the quarter as well as ramp-up of previous deal wins. We are seeing aggressive investments by 
clients to uplift their digital capabilities. There is a huge opportunity for us to help them build 
omnichannel capabilities to compete with the digital native and right-size their cost structures. 
Clients continue to invest in analytics across supply chain, trade promotion fulfillment, 
personalization using new age tools that drive heavy analytics with a fraction of the cost. 
Communications segment performance improved compared to the previous quarter due to the 
combination of fresh signings and ramp up of prior won deal. With COVID accelerating the 
need for better connectivity, we are seeing improving deployment of 5G across the world. We 
are working with our customers in advanced IoT use cases and products.  
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services vertical grew strong double-digits, along with 
impressive deal wins during the quarter. The overall outlook is improving across subsectors 
and geographies we operate. Clients are slowly getting back to normalized levels of 
discretionary spending, especially in areas involving customer experience, operational 
efficiency and associated legacy transformation. Cybersecurity is also becoming important 
with recent incidents in Energy and Utilities segments. 
Growth in Manufacturing segment was strong with tailwinds from deal wins in the past few 
quarters. Infosys grew market share through the pandemic across all sectors in Automotive, 
Aerospace and Industrial. We see emerging opportunities on various trends in the ER&D space 
resulting from increased spending on Digital in areas like Industrial IoT, Cloud adoption, 
IT/OT integration – making the manufacturing value chain smarter and faster. As mentioned 
earlier, we expect Daimler deal to start ramping up in the weeks ahead. 
Life Sciences segment also continued to grow at strong double-digit rates. Our recent offerings 
like personalized medicine solutions for complex biotherapies, commercial insights platform 
to help drive commercial efficiencies and digital health platform for patient engagement 
initiatives would help in accelerating digital adoption across pharma value chain. 
Share of digital to overall revenues increased further to 53.9% in Q1, with very strong growth 
of 42.1% YoY in constant currency terms. There is a pent-up demand to restart delayed 
projects, in addition to the continuation of the pandemic-related drive towards digital 

8 
 
transformation of enterprise infrastructure and customer experience. Clients have recognized 
that some of the adaptations they have made to their business are going to be permanent, and 
they are increasing their investment in digital channels and self-service products and tools. 
In the last quarter, Infosys was ranked as leader in 10 digital service-related capabilities across 
Cloud Services, Modernization, Artificial Intelligence and Supply Chain by industry analysts. 
With that, I will hand over to Nilanjan. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks, Pravin. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining the call. I trust each of you and your 
families are safe and well. 
We are encouraged with our Q1 performance which had significant and broad-based 
acceleration in growth as we begin the year. At 4.8% CC growth, we clocked the highest 
sequential Q1 revenue growth in the last 11 years. On a YoY basis, revenue growth accelerated 
to 16.9% in constant currency terms, which is the highest growth in any quarter over the last 
10 years. This growth is on the back of a relatively strong Q1 FY21 performance, which was 
the peak of pandemic-induced revenue impact. 
Operating margin for Q1 was 23.7% and increased by 100 basis points over Q1 FY21, while 
being 80 basis points lower compared to Q4 FY21. The major components of the sequential 
movement were: 
• 10-basis-point benefit due to currency movement,  
• 40-basis point benefit due to increase in utilization  
These benefits were offset by  
• 50-basis-point impact due to increase in subcon and third-party costs, and  
• 80 basis points impact due to costs primarily related to employee hiring, promotions, 
retention and well-being costs. 
EPS grew by 26.1% in dollar terms and 22.6% in INR on a YoY basis.  

9 
 
DSOs for the quarter improved by one day to 70 on the back of robust collections. 
Consequently, free cash flow continued to increase and was $863 mn in Q1, an increase of 
18.5% YoY. FCF conversion stood at 122% of net profit.  
Driven by healthy cash generation, consolidated cash and investments was $5.076 bn, after 
returning approximately $1 bn of final dividend and initiation of buyback. 
Consequently, ROE increased to 29.3% in Q1 compared to 27.4% in Q4. I am happy to share 
that ROE has increased by over 3.4% in last two years, driven by a robust capital allocation 
policy.  
Yield on cash balance continued to decline, the yield was 4.9% in Q1 compared to 5.1% in Q4 
and 6.1% in Q1 last fiscal. 
Now let me talk about the progress made on the buyback plan. We initiated share buyback on 
June 25 after securing shareholder approval during the AGM on June 19. Out of the maximum 
buyback size of Rs.9,200 Crores, till June 30, we had completed Rs.690 Crores or 
approximately 7.5% of the buyback by end of Q1. During this period, we bought back 4.4 mn 
shares at an average price of Rs.1,572. Till date, we have completed Rs.1,542 Crores of share 
buybacks and bought back 9.8 mn shares at an average price of Rs.1,569. 
As the pandemic situation is improving in many parts of the world and businesses slowly return 
to normalcy, we expect some of the discretionary costs, including travel, facilities, etc, to start 
normalizing in the coming quarters. In Q2, we will also rollout compensation hikes for majority 
of employees. With the talent market remaining heated, we are anticipating continuing costs 
relating to employee retention, acquisition, and well-being in the short-term. However, given 
our focus on structural levers to improve efficiency and cost structure, we remain confident of 
our margin guidance band of 22% - 24% for the full year.  
Driven by strong Q1 and visibility driven by deal signings, backed by robust deal pipeline, we 
are increasing our revenue growth guidance for the year to 14% - 16% from 12% - 14% 
previously. 
With that, we can open the call for questions. 

10 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Moshe Katri 
Thanks, and congrats on strong results. So, most of the questions we are getting this morning 
were around margins and the leverage in the model. And I guess there is a lot of focus on wage 
inflation that is picking up and attrition that is picking up. Maybe you can talk a bit about the 
levers in the model and how do we get that comfort that the 22% to 24% EBIT margin range 
is sustainable beyond this year? And then should we assume that I guess the second half should 
have maybe some less pressure on margins given some of the normalization on the bench? Is 
that the right way to look at it? Thanks a lot. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. Moshe, so I think as we had given the guidance at the beginning of this year of 22% to 
24% and coming on the back of 24.5% last year, I think we were clear that there would be some 
headwinds – we got the one-off benefits during FY21 and we had articulated that clearly in 
terms of travel, facility, some other discretionary costs, the deferred costs like wage hikes, 
promotions, etc., which were put on hold. And we had clearly said that those will be headwinds 
as we look into FY22, and that was really factored into the 22% to 24% margin as well. What 
has changed slightly is the demand which has picked up. And like I always say it is better that 
demand chasing supply than supply chasing demand, because in the long run, it is much better 
to fulfill demand as it comes. We can continue to work on our cost optimization levers and of 
course our guidance also goes up. We have seen these small headwinds during the year and in 
terms of retention costs going up, some impact on subcons. But for instance, we just announced 
we will take now 35,000 college graduates, that will help us to fuel the pyramid, help us in cost 
optimization and we continue to look at the other avenues of automation, onsite offshore mix 
etc. So, I think that we are quite confident on 22% to 24%. Whilst there maybe the short-term 
impact, but I think some of them like subcons, etc., once hiring comes back we should see some 
benefits there. So, I think in our overall model, we remain quite confident within the 22% to 

11 
 
24%. But like I said, I mean, the most important thing is that if demand is chasing supply, this 
is a situation we really want to be in rather than the other way around. 
Moshe Katri 
Understood and just as a follow-up, given the fact that digital is almost 54% of revenues, should 
we assume any sort of pricing power coming up from that part of the business especially based 
on some of the commentary you are seeing from some of the pure-play digital names out there?  
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. so there has been two structural impacts of the pandemic. One is, the entire workforce 
transformation and the ability basically to work any part of the world, whether near shore, 
offshore, on premise. And the other one is, the whole digital transformation impact, which is 
fundamental to how the consumers of our clients are interacting with them. And this is just not 
about mainline brick-and-mortar retail. This extends to manufacturing. It extends to financial 
services, insurance and I think a lot of our clients fundamentally realize that to support and fuel 
the spend towards new digital transformation, a lot of that can come from cost optimization, 
which, in a way, speaks to the offshoring trend, and COVID has demonstrated that we can 
fulfill this requirement from any part of the world and that savings can be fueled back into the 
digital transformation. So that is at a demand level, good news. Also, I think now a lot of our 
conversations is also navigating more towards value and the kind of value we are delivering 
for our clients, whether it is on the consumer side, on the retention side, it is in the supply chain 
logistics. And we are positioned ourselves not just about the rate card or price per hour, but 
about more innovative ways of pricing, where it is clearly linked to outcome - linked to results 
of our clients and that is the way we think in the future, this can help us in pricing. The work 
we are doing has just about started, and we think, over the next few quarters and more 
structurally, we may be able to get some tailwinds around this. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Diviya Nagarajan 

12 
 
Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a very strong quarter and the guidance raise. 
Just a follow-up to the earlier question on pricing, I noticed that you are talking about structural 
movements in pricing. But in the press conference, Salil has pointed out that pricing was more 
or less stable. I am trying to understand why we would not be seeing a better pricing 
environment given how strong demand is and the fact that there is a fair amount of supply 
pressure across pretty much every part of the digital value chain? That is my first question. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Diviya. This is Salil. The point we made earlier in the press conference, the question 
was on how we have seen the pricing in Q1 from what we see in terms of large deals and past 
interactions. Your point here in terms of what is the opportunity to see some pricing power and 
also building on the previous question. I think as Nilanjan was sharing with you, we believe 
we have an extremely differentiated digital portfolio and we believe that creates a lot of value 
for our clients. We are active in making sure that we demonstrate and communicate that value. 
We will now see over time - because of the supply concern but also because of the digital value 
- how that translates. That is one of the strategic levers that Nilanjan has talked about - we have 
all talked about in the past. We feel that, among others, gives us good comfort for our guidance 
band, 22% to 24% on operating margin. We will see how that plays out and especially with the 
supply constraint, if that gives us more leverage in the future, of course, that will be reflected 
in what we see in the business. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Got it. I noticed that the net new deals were a little bit on the lower side compared to what you 
have done in the last few quarters. While I do appreciate this is a quarter and you could have 
fluctuations, how do you see the deal pipeline on your net new TCV for the rest of the year, 
please? 
Salil Parekh 
Diviya, you are absolutely right. I think these are quarterly fluctuations. We look to those stats 
on a longer timeframe. We saw last year the net new was significant as we look at the overall 
annual number.  

13 
 
The pipeline looks good and strong. There is good focus on new deals. There is also, of course, 
good focus on ensuring we continue where we are and expand into that portfolio. So, no visible 
markers to change that. We will probably look to replicate what we have done in the past few 
years where net new has been a critical factor. It remains something we look at proactively into 
the pipeline. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Sorry, but just a quick follow-up to that. Has the number of mega deals in the pipeline gone up 
in the last year few quarters for you? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, Diviya, we do not provide more color on the specifics of the pipeline. Suffice it to 
say that the overall value of the pipeline is extremely good, nice increase from the previous 
quarter, and we see that continuing to increase. And the pipeline is comprised of a mix of the 
different types of large deals, let us call it, medium, the large and the very large. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Thank you. I will come back to follow-up, if there is time. I wish you all the best for the rest of 
the year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Yes. Good evening gentlemen. Congrats on a great quarter. My first question is to Salil. Salil, 
until GFC also, Infosys was holding the pole position in the IT industry in terms of growth. But 
the next decade has not really panned out the way one would have hoped for. Again, over the 
last couple of years, even before the start of COVID and, of course, after the start of the 
pandemic as well, Infosys has been outperforming competition on growth and that too by a 
wide margin. And you have been confidently talking about market share gains from 

14 
 
competition. So how confident are you on sustainably driving the company to the pole position 
once again over the next decade? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for your question. I think the way we are looking at this is, this growth, 16.9%, 4.8% 
is really the fastest in the past 10-11 years. It is essentially organic growth. We feel extremely 
good because that is a good metric. The clients are preferring Infosys and that is the ultimate 
test in this market. So, we feel comfortable that the capabilities that we have built in our digital 
portfolio and this extreme dedication of our employees in a very difficult period over the last 
several quarters, is combining to give us that outcome. So, the focus remains on client 
relevance, and therefore, the outcome metric is growth. We will see how the pole position thing 
plays out over time. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Over the previous decade, whenever things started looking up, we faced some or the other 
hiccups. But this time around how confident are we that it will not be the case and there will 
not be any such risks. And probably the entire focus will be on achieving industry leadership? 
Salil Parekh 
Our focus is to keep our attention to clients. We have an extremely motivated leadership team. 
The Board is extremely supportive, very strategically minded and really give good guidance 
and support to the management team and the broad leadership. So, my own sense is we keep 
this attention to our clients and building out the digital capability and the rest will follow from 
that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Thanks for the opportunity. Salil, my first question is also on this net new deal TCV, I think in 
the press meet, you had mentioned that the focus of clients is now shifting away from cost 

15 
 
optimization. So, does it mean that clients are now taking longer to decide on the deal as well 
as in terms of the deal construct? Is that what is leading to maybe a softer net new deal TCV 
for us? 
Salil Parekh 
The quarter-on-quarter view of that percentage is always a little bit up and down. What we 
have seen in the pipeline is significant amount of activity where clients are looking at moving 
on the digital transformation program as also working on areas which relate to cost efficiency, 
as also, we are seeing opportunities, which we have discussed in the past, of vendor 
consolidation. But we do not think that the timeline has changed in terms of deal movement, 
nor do we see some different sort of criteria in terms of the types of deals or the pricing. What 
is clear is with the broad economic growth in our end markets which is coming back rapidly, 
is allowing for many industries to go through the transformation. Companies within industries 
accelerating - companies which had lower digital presence are going faster to catch up and lead 
from, companies which already have digital presence are making sure that they maintain their 
advantage. So, all those things bode well for the technology spend where we are positioned 
quite nicely. 
Moderator 
We will move to the next question. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from 
Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Thanks for the opportunity. One question in terms of the guidance, so if I presume Daimler has 
not contributed to revenues till now and even if I build in the numbers that are appearing in the 
press for that deal, the implied CQGR over the next three quarters appears to be pretty soft at 
between 0.6% to 1.8%. So, are we building in some conservativeness in terms of our guidance 
or anything that that makes us a little cautious here? 
Salil Parekh 

16 
 
So, as you have seen on revenue growth guidance, we have increased it by 2% points, 12% - 
14% to 14% - 16%. It is demonstrating our confidence in what is going on with respect to the 
demand outlook and with respect to the deals that we have done, of course, this quarter and 
also in the past. On the specific clients and their revenue mix, I would not comment, but I will 
say that we do not see really any softness in the coming quarters. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Thanks a lot. Given the fact that you have largely added freshers this quarter and you are 
expecting the supply side pressures or attrition to increase further, do you think the 
subcontracting expenses will further get elevated from where they are? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the subcontractors, we today have an extremely attractive talent proposition, where, as 
you saw with the 8,000 people we added - net additions, we are managing extremely well to 
attract good talent. What we will ensure to do over this next quarter and, of course, in the 
quarters to come is to make sure that we are at the forefront of fulfilling the demand. In terms 
of subcontractors, we do not specifically model or forecast that, whether it is up or down but 
we have the flexibility to do all of that, plus our cost levers and margin levers to ensure that 
our guidance will be in the range that we have given of 22% to 24%. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Also, Salil, just a follow-up to this, you had around 8,000 people getting added from what I 
heard, if I heard it correctly, there were 10,000 freshers on-boarded this quarter. So essentially, 
the hiring seems to be largely freshers, and they will possibly take some time in terms of 
becoming productive. So, do you think, near-term, the hiring will be much more skewed 
towards lateral to fulfill the demand that we are seeing? 
Nilanjan Roy 
While you are seeing the figure of fresher of 10,000, there is a big lateral hiring as well and 
attrition is of course for laterals as freshers don’t resign. So, in that sense, we have a strong 
engine. The first one is freshers, that are followed by laterals and then, the top-up in a way is 

17 
 
the subcon. So, all the three we accelerate. Like I said, it is important to meet demand now. 
That is critical and the good thing is we have not let down any of our clients. Salil talked about 
earlier that we are seeing strong demand outlook and a lot of clients who we have met as I 
mentioned and therefore, very important to get that out of the door and then figure out our cost 
structure, subcons, etc., in due course. And I think that is something we are quite comfortable 
with. We continue to remain a brand of choice for new talent, and that is a strong proposition 
which we have. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Please 
go ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about the margin guidance for the current fiscal year. If 
you take the guidance range of 22% to 24%, I just wondered if you could break down what are 
the key drivers for the year-over-year decline from what you already reported for FY21. I am 
just wondering if you could break that down into the bigger pieces. What I am really trying to 
understand is how much wage inflation is impacting margins guidance for the year versus other 
factors such as mix and particularly of the ramping of the large new deals. If there is any kind 
of comments you could help us understand. And then I have a follow-up question, please? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Like I said, it is important firstly to go back even before the pandemic into FY20 in a way when 
we had given this comfort range of 21% to 23%. And as we moved into FY21, like I mentioned 
earlier in the call, we saw a lot of these one-off benefits. It was the discretionary spend, travel 
came down quite sharply, facilities costs as people started working from home, marketing, the 
deferral of the pay hike in the last year, the promotions. Therefore, although we were at 24.5%, 
we were clear at starting the guidance at the beginning of the year that this would fall with the 
headwinds coming up of this year, as many of these costs revert back to normal. We rolled out 
our pay hikes in January and again in July, both of which factored in. And therefore, our 
guidance of 22% to 24% versus the 24.5% was clearly reflective of these headwinds coming 

18 
 
up. I think more than once we have talked about it. As we look ahead, we have factored in both 
the wage hikes. Yes, wage is always the number one player in margins. We do not split out the 
impact of wage or deal mixes. But nevertheless, the largest impact on the margin movement 
on a YoY basis will be on wages. Despite this, we know we are very comfortable within the 
22% to 24%. The levers which we continue to employ - automation is a massive lever in terms 
of our cost optimization - of taking out people from projects and redeploying them, the onsite 
offshore mixes. I think we are unique in creating an onsite pyramid. Historically, most IT 
services companies have steep onsite pyramid. Our six hubs in the U.S., near shore businesses, 
I think that helps us build a flatter pyramid in a way, mimicking what we have in the offshore 
geographies. We are going to hire 3,000 freshers from outside of India. So, all these will help 
us in the future in terms of taking some of the pressure out of these headwinds which are coming 
our way. 
Keith Bachman 
Thank you very much. My follow-up question if I could, is similar as you think about the year 
unfolding, do you think attrition moves lower from here or stays the same or goes up? Similarly, 
as you think about the onsite mix has continued to move lower, so your offshore mix continues 
to move higher, how do you think that unfolds through the year? Does that mix of onshore 
onsite stay where it is, becomes more favorable or any comments on how attrition and onsite 
offshore mix might move as we look toward the balance of the fiscal year? That is it for me. 
Many thanks. 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think on the attrition, like I said, I would rather be in a situation where demand is chasing 
supply than the other way around. Therefore, that is fundamentally good news for the industry. 
I think it is important to realize that it takes time for the supply chain of the industry to catch 
up. Fundamentally, the net new demand can be in a way serviced through fresh accounts, right. 
Otherwise, it is zero sum game, my attrition is somebody else’s lateral and somebody else’s 
attrition is my lateral. So fundamentally, the only way this demand can be serviced is through 
freshers and as you know most of the freshers historically, the college campus freshers are in a 
way contracted six months or a year out. It is only now that as the demand has suddenly surged 
that we are looking at new ways of getting freshers on. In the last call, we had mentioned we 

19 
 
would take 25,000 freshers. We have upped that up to 35,000 freshers and started a completely 
new parallel fresher hiring program off campus. So, I think there will be some short-term gaps 
in terms of when the supply chain sort of adjusts itself. But like I said, this is good news, if 
fundamentally there is this a large exposure of demand, which you are seeing across. So, in 
that sense, our job is fundamentally to continue feeding this demand, whether it is through the 
freshers or through subcons or through the laterals and I think we have already hired 8,000 net 
despite the attrition in the quarter.  
The second part of the question, we have seen this massive change over the last three years. 
Firstly, it came from 30% to 27% and within one year from 27% to 24% and again we talked 
about it earlier in our guidance that we would probably see a little bit of this easing out as 
travel, etc. open up. But I think the secular trend should continue in the long run and a big 
impact of the COVID has been that clients have been able to see that work can be performed 
across the globe. It necessarily does not have to be done by their own workforce. They have 
seen it with us that work does not have to necessarily be performed in front of them onsite, on-
prem. It can be same time zone, different locations, same time zone near-shore. It can be 
offshore. I think that in the long run, it is positive for the outsourcing industry. So, we think 
secularly this should improve. But in the short-term, there can be these stops and gaps as well. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Congrats on great execution. The first question is on the BFSI. We have seen a sharp recovery 
in North America Financial Services revenues compared to pre-COVID level, whereas Europe 
is still just about to recover to the same level. So, is it fair to say the entire market share gain is 
largely concentrated in North America, why there is a dichotomy? Any color on that would be 
helpful. 
Pravin Rao 

20 
 
A big part of the growth has definitely come from North America and primarily in sub-
segments like banking, mortgages and wealth and retirement services.  
Gaurav Rateria  
My question was why there is dichotomy in the performance between Europe and North 
America? 
Pravin Rao 
No, I think it is mostly to do with maybe lesser demand in some of the banking clients in Europe 
and in some cases, we have won the deals. There is a delay in ramp-up as well. So, I do not 
think it is a secular trend because, in this space, in the last 6-8 quarter, we have demonstrated 
a strong growth consistently. And there have been times when we have seen growth led by U.S. 
side of the equation and there have been times when we have seen much stronger growth in 
Europe and Asia Pacific. So, it is not a secular trend. We are not seeing any specific softness 
or anything with any specific clients in Europe. It is more a question of delayed ramp-up and 
things like that. 
Gaurav Rateria  
Second question is on margins. What really are the drivers that can take you to the upper end 
of the guidance for the full year? What would be those two or three key factors? Is it growth 
coming towards the upper end of the guidance? Is the digital continuing to grow at this kind of 
rate? Just trying to understand what are the variables which can take you to the upper end of 
the guidance. Thank you.  
Nilanjan Roy 
I think we have given overall guidance of 22% to 24% and not what is going to be the quartile 
of that, and we remain quite confident to operate within this. Our levers are quite well known. 
We have mentioned about automation, the mix, the pyramid, subcon, operating leverage. You 
are seeing a lot of benefit of operating leverage over the last year itself on our bottomline. So, 
there have been multiple levers. We are quite confident without giving any quarterly targets. 

21 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you. Congrats on a good start of the year. On the first question, do you think looking at 
the demand environment that you would want to be a bit more flexible on where your margins 
land and how you are optimizing for growth in investments compared to the plans we had at 
the start of the year? 
Salil Parekh 
Ankur, this is Salil. Thanks for the question. I am not sure I fully followed it, but to first respond 
then we can clarify. The way the demand environment is shaping up, which I know you see 
very well, is extremely strong. And our approach is to make sure that the capability sets we 
have built are available to our clients to help them with their digital programs and automation 
programs. Within that, we, at this stage, are not trying to fine-tune what part will go more or 
less. We see that demand as a holistic picture, and we are driving to make sure that we work 
with our clients in doing that. What is clear, as Nilanjan shared a little bit earlier is that we have 
several levers in the operations toolkit, if you can call it that, which we are deploying so that 
each of this tool of work, wherever they start from, are then further optimized. And that gives 
us the confidence because of those levers that we will land fairly clearly within the margin 
band. That is the approach that we have in place today. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you, Sir. I think part of my question, which has not been completely addressed was do 
you think, for example, the margins came in lower in 1Q versus what you had planned earlier 
and hence, you are being a bit more flexible in what you said, chasing demand as opposed to 
optimizing for margin? 
Salil Parekh 

22 
 
I think my sense is we had shared over the last year, and I know Nilanjan had also shared that 
many of the outcomes last year were onetime benefits, for example, on the travel. Of course, 
the onsite offshore mix has moved much more in a secular way. The fact that we reduced 
several other cost line items in the March, April, May timeframe last year with a different view 
to where things are going. So, we did not think, at least in our minds that the margin was going 
to be different. We started the year also with 22% to 24%, even as we closed out the previous 
year, 24.5% because we could see the salary increase, which we had done later than originally 
planned in January, the second salary increase of July, all of those were coming up. So, in that 
sense, we are not changing, as you call it, chasing something more because this margin has 
come in low. We had this view of the margin as we started the year. The demand outlook has 
actually become stronger. So, we feel what we started with 12% to 14% with what we are 
seeing in the way these deals are working, and there is a lot of activity where clients are coming 
to us. To give you one example, two weeks ago, I was in a client discussion where they want 
us to expand what we do within that client portfolio. Within this one client, it could be 30%, 
40% expansion, and these are just anecdotal, which add up. And my colleagues, all of our sales 
team are having those sorts of discussion. So, that gave us the confidence to increase the growth 
guidance - not that we are chasing something more because the margin was lower than what 
we expected. 
Ankur Rudra 
I appreciate the color. Just one follow-up, if I can, the supply situation that you are facing in 
the market, which you elaborated on, do you think that had any bearing on the signings in the 
quarter, that is part one. And part two is, is the supply situation having an impact on client 
conversations and competitive behavior from a pricing perspective? 
Salil Parekh 
If you look back over the last five or six quarters, and this is something I have heard from many 
clients who feel that we have consistently supported and delivered without any real constraint. 
So, we are seeing a benefit as clients say we would rather have you scale up with us. So, the 
supply situation however we put it, I feel is coming as a benefit to us because as Pravin has 
shared in other forums, we have an incredible brand, which attracts talent. We have an 
incredible training capability and all of those things are not short-term things, these you cannot 

23 
 
develop over a quarter. That helps us to bring in the talent, which is what clients see. And so 
yes, there is a supply constraint because there is a huge demand, but we are still seeing good 
growth and, in fact, improving our growth guidance. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah  
Thanks for the opportunity. The question is, sorry to, again, harp on the margin. Just wanted to 
understand, is it the guidance factoring in some amount of price increase maybe in the later 
part of this financial year or the margin guidance is independent of this? Because if I look at 
wage hikes still have not come into the numbers, attrition is going up, utilization at all-time 
high, even the offshoring looks at all-time high. So, just wanted to understand the guidance is 
taking in some pricing increase or it is independent of the same? And second, a bookkeeping 
question. If I look at the unbilled revenue in this quarter on a Q-on-Q basis has gone up by 12% 
point, anything to read in the same those free cash flow generation continues to go up? 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think on the margin side, like I said, there are continuous levers, which we have, the pyramid, 
on-site offshore, pricing, subcon, operating leverage and I think all of that is built into our 
models and how we look for the quarter and ahead. On that basis, we are quite comfortable in 
the 22% to 24% range as some of these cost headwinds come as well. So, I think that we are 
quite clear on that. The second question on the unbilled, I think there is some seasonality always 
which we see in Q1. Usually, that starts tapering out. So, nothing really concerning and you 
have seen the overall free cash flow. Our DSO has come down as well. On a percentage of 
revenue, we are same as the previous year as well. 
Sandeep Shah 
So Nilanjan, just a clarification, so, in your guidance on the margin, you are baking in some 
pricing increase for FY22? 

24 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So, a lot of things is going on. It is not like I know what is going to be the pricing 
environment in the fourth quarter. We know some of the initiatives on pricing. Some of them 
will come through. Some of them would not come through. There will be some new cost 
pressures. There will be other levers. So, you have to be dynamic and put it in our industry to 
continue to manage that and you use probabilities of what can work, what do not work. Some 
levers will over-deliver. Some will under-deliver, so all that is factored in as we forecast for 
the year ahead. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a strong execution. The first question is 
margin related. Can you quantify what will be the impact of wage hike and Daimler deal in 
Q2? The second question is also related to margin in the medium term, now 22% to 24% margin 
trajectory, which we are confident to defend for this year. But if one wants to understand from 
a long-term perspective, do we think considering that digital is now more than half the revenue 
and growing very strongly plus overall a strong demand environment, we can again achieve 
our historical 25% kind of EBIT trajectory?  
Nilanjan Roy 
On the margin question, Daimler large deal is all factored in. We do not break out the impact 
of Daimler, we look at cost optimization across projects, we look at the various levers we talked 
about. That in a way all built in to our 22% to 24% guidance.  
Salil Parekh 
I think your question was because it is becoming larger, will that give us an opportunity to have 
a different higher margin. We certainly see that the digital business is at a higher margin than 

25 
 
our company average today. However, the guidance that we are giving for this financial year, 
for operating margin, which is 22% to 24%, there are many levers as Nilanjan shared. Of 
course, there are several areas which increased the cost as well. All of those will balance out 
and at the end of this year, we will provide the view for the following year. But we do not have 
any particular view on that different number at this stage. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
First, thank you everyone, for joining us for this session. I want to reiterate just a couple of 
points. One, on the demand side, we see a good environment and with all the points we 
discussed and the way we see the market, we have increased our growth guidance from 12% - 
14% to 14% - 16% for this year. 
On the margin, we have a set of levers which we have deployed and are continuing to deploy 
across the board, whether it is the mix, whether it is the utilization, whether it is a subcontractor 
usage, whether it is the overall role mix and pyramid, whether it is now more value and pricing 
on demand for higher demand skills. Plus there are some factors which relate to employee costs 
and some of the travel coming back. When we mix all of that together, we have confidence that 
we will be in that margin guidance of 22% - 24%. We will continue to drive the business in 
that direction keeping in mind our clients, employees and shareholders. We look forward to an 
exciting and a successful year and thank you again for joining us. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thank you. Look forward to connecting with you again. Have a good day. 
 
 
 

26 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Infosys that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
