Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
  
Date: November 16, 2021 
Listing Department 
The Department of Corporate Services- 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing 
Exchange Plaza, 
BSE Ltd. 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra East, Mumbai-4.00 051 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Symbol- DHANUKA 
Scrip Code 
: 507717 
Sub: Transcript of Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call with Analysts/Investors 
Dear Sir, 
Please find enclosed transcript of Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call organized with 
Analysts/Investors held on 30% October, 2021 post declaration of Un-audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the Quarter and Half Year ended 30" September, 2021. 
Please take above information in your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
    
FCS-7612 
Encl: a.a 
eoOOoOoOoOoOoOowqwoGC—————=**=CVHUCananaeaQaEaE=EoooooooeEeEeEeEeSESEeEeEeEeEeeee——————————— 
Registered Office : 82, Abhinash Mansion, 1“ Floor, Joshi Road, Karol Bagh, New Delhi-110005, Ph. 
: +91 011-23534551 & 23534557 
Corporate Office : Global Gateway Towers, Near Guru Dronacharya Metro Station, MG Road, Gurugram -122002, Haryana 
Tel. 
: +91-124-434 5000, E-mail 
: headoffice 
@ dhanuka.com, Website 
: www.dhanuka.com 
CIN: L24219DL1985PLC020126

“Dhanuka Agritech Limited Q2FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
October 30, 2021 
‘2 
A 
R 
cHoRr@ 
5S @HecPMii# 
anu 
—— 
ANTIQUE 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MK DHANUKA - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
Mr. HARSH DHANUKA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
MR. RAHUL DHANUKA - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
Mk. VK BANSAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 
MODERATOR: 
HIMANSHU BINANI FROM ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
Page 
1 of 16

Moderator: 
Himanshu Binani: 
MK. Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Dhanuka Agritech Limited 2QFY22 Post- 
Results Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking. 
As areminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference so what Ms. Himanshu Binani from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants on the Post- 
Results Conference Call of Dhanuka Agritech. 
From the management we have Mr. MK Dhanuka 
- Managing Director of the company, Mr. 
Rahul Dhanuka 
- Chief Operating Officer, Mr. VK Bansal 
- Chief Financial Officer of the 
company. 
Without any further delay, 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dhanuka for his opening 
remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. And over to you Dhanukaji. 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Myself MK Dhanuka, Managing Director of Dhanuka 
Agritech Limited. I hope all of you are doing well and keeping safe. Thank you for joining us in 
this Q2FY21-22 result conference call. 
I have with me Mr. Rahul Dhanuka, Chief Operating Officer of the company, Mr. Harsh 
Dhanuka, Executive Director of the Company and Mr. VK Bansal, Chief Financial Officer of 
the company. 
As you know Dhanuka Agritech 
is 
a leading agrochemical company in India, focusing on 
branded sales in the market. The company's strength lies in the manufacturing and marketing of 
formulated products. The product portfolio is spread across insecticides, herbicides, fungicides, 
and plant growth promoters. Dhanuka Agritech 
is working for transforming India through 
agriculture by working with farmers closely to improve their production and quality in term 
enhancing their income. 
We worked in all major crops in India, and have implemented the best in class technology to 
ensure a smooth and efficient supply chain. To service the diversity of Indian crops and needs 
of the farmers the company has a wide range of products in its portfolio with over 80 brands and 
pack sizes, ranging from 2 gms to 20 liters. These products are in various forms like liquid 
powder, and granule. 
Page 
2 of 16

Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
Dhanuka has a Pan India presence through our marketing team, and warehouses in all major 
states across India. With three manufacturing units, 40 warehouses and 14 branch offices across 
India we cater to around 6500 distributors and dealers and around 80,000 retailers. Through this 
extensive network Dhanuka reaches out to approximately 10 million Indian farmers with its 
products and services. Dhanuka has more than 1000 techno commercial staff, supported by a 
strong marketing team to promote and develop new products. Dhanuka’s strong R&D division 
has world class NABL accredited laboratory, as well as an excellent team for new product 
registration and development. Dhanuka has international collaboration with 10 leading global 
agrochemical companies from U.S., Japan and Europe which helps us to introduce the latest 
technology in India. 
The Government of India is taking several initiatives to enhance the role of agriculture in the 
growth of the Indian economy, such as increasing Minimum Support Price, eNAM portal, Direct 
Benefit Transfer, and PM Samman Nidhi, this is helping to create a robust foundation to enhance 
farmer's income, encourage wider adoption of high quality seeds and judicious use of pesticides 
and fertilizers. 
Coming to the financial performance for Quarter 2 of FY21-22 revenues from operations stood 
at Rs. 438.82 crores in Q2 of FY21-22 versus Rs. 442.39 crores in Q2 of FY20-21. EBITDA 
stood at Rs. 89.09 crores in Q2 of FY 21-22 versus Rs. 97.20 crores in Q2 of FY 20-21. Profit 
After Tax was at Rs. 63.37 crores in Q2 of FY 21-22 versus Rs. 70.08 crores in Q2 of FY 20- 
21. 
There was adverse impact of weather conditions in July and August on the business, which has 
reversed in the month of September and October. And currently, the conditions are favorable for 
consumption of agrochemicals. Unfortunately, because of the erratic behavior of monsoon, in 
the month of August and September, the sales and consumption of agro chemicals was impacted 
to a large extent. When the rains were required there was dry spell for 25 days to 30 days. And 
when rains were not required, there was heavy rainfall converting into the flood in a number of 
states, which has impacted the sales and growth of the Agchem industry. 
Apart from this, the crop conditions in North India was very good and farmers reaped a good 
yield. But unfortunately, there was no pest impact on the crop. Because of which the sales of 
agrochemicals was impacted. 
Coming to zone wise share of turnover for FY 21-22 for Q2, North zone has contributed 21.71%. 
The East zone has contributed 12.14%. West zone has contributed 35.66%. And South zone has 
contributed 30.49%. Product category wise share of turnover for Q2 of FY 21-22 Insecticides 
contributed 43.45%. Fungicide contributed 23.41%. Herbicide 22.54% and Others 10.60%. 
Page 3 of 16

Moderator: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
As discussed last time, the company has also started working on its Greenfield project at Dahej, 
Gujarat. Further, I am happy to inform you that Dhanuka has been granted its first patent on 9° 
August, 2021 for the formulation of synergetic herbicidal formulation comprising a combination 
of Halosulfuron methyl and Metribuzin for control of sedges, narrow and broad leaf weeds in 
sugarcane. The product is under registration process, and we expect to launch the same in 2023. 
We have also conducted the ritual of Bhumi Pujan for the new R&D facility at Palwal Haryana 
on 10 September 2021. Dr. Yogendra Sherawat, ex-Director horticulture Government of 
Haryana graced the occasion as Chief Guest. We will also set up an R&D and Training Centre 
at this location for development of new technologies for agriculture, and transfer of these 
technology to the farmers. 
I am pleased to share that ICRA credit rating agency has upgraded the long term rating of 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited from ICRA ‘-AA' to ICRA AA. 
Dhanuka has entered into shareholders agreement and share subscription agreement with M/s 
IoTechWorld Avigation Private Limited, a drone manufacturing company on 11" August, 2021. 
As per said agreement Dhanuka will invest a total amount of Rs. 30 crores in Iotech in the form 
of subscription of compulsory convertible preference shares. The company has invested the first 
tranche of Rs. 20 crores in this company in September 2021. 
Dhanuka is regularly organizing various seminars, Krishak Goshtis, Kisan Sammelan, to educate 
the farmers 
of India about new innovative techniques 
of farming. Being India’s leading 
agrochemical company, we are at the forefront of introducing digital solutions and innovation. 
In the same endeavor, we have tried to boost our reach through online and virtual farmer 
interactions and aggressive use of TV advertisements for our key products, such as Sempra, 
Targa Super, Chempa, Godiwa Super and MYCOR¢ etc. 
Dhanuka is focused on expanding its market coverage through its network of distributors and 
digital platforms, including social media presence, where we engage with the end consumer. 
Dhanuka considers itself responsible for securing the farmers welfare, and preserving food 
security of the nation. We continue to strengthen our association with the Farmer Producer 
Organizations, Krishi Vigyan Kendra and other important institutions to increase our business 
expertise and boost our market presence. 
On this note, I would like to handover to the operator to enable us to take question and answer. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. First question is on the line of Varshit Shah, from Veto Capital. Please go ahead. 
Page 
4 of 16

Varshit Shah: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Varshit Shah: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Varshit Shah: 
VK Bansal: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
So my first question is on the Dahej manufacturing projects any update on the progress’? And is 
there any change or revision in timelines for the execution of the project’? 
There is no change and the project will be on track. There is a delay of around four to six weeks 
because of heavy rains in the month of September but we are sure will be in time by March. 
Secondly, in terms of the new products, which you just mentioned, for which you have been 
granted patent. So are there any other molecules in the pipeline where the work is going on? And 
probably some of some of the fruits can come in over the next two to three years? And my 
question pertains to the fact that our innovation turnover index has kind of suffered given 
COVID and then of course, we had weather challenges. So just wanted to understand are we 
building our own 93 strong pipeline from a two to three year perspective? 
Yes Mr. Varshit, so, we are bringing every year two new 9(3) molecules as per our commitment. 
And this year, we have already launched one molecule and one more molecule to be launched 
by end of Q4. Next year also we have two new 9(3) molecules in the pipeline. With respect to 
the patents, yes, this is the first patient received by Dhanuka and this product is expected to be 
launched in at FY23-24. And we have further patent also in the pipeline. 
One last thing which I observed in your disclosure. So I think Insecticide category fields have 
suffered in both the quarters in Q1 and Q2 and H1 as a whole. So is this sort of weather related 
phenomena or they were lower number of pest attacks in probably the categories where you are 
present. So any color on that? 
You see it is largely on account of the dry spell in the month of July and weather, so missed 
certain states, because of which you see sale of insecticide has suffered. 
And as I share there was no pest in North zone and the Insecticide are used mainly to control the 
pests. So, when there was no pests so consumption of Insecticide was less in North India, which 
has also affected the sales of the Insecticide category. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
We have seen that the there is a rising input costs pressure, chemical prices across the board are 
going up and also there is a China power crisis which is also going to affect the availability of 
many intermediates. And we still have an asset light business model so, how do you see that we 
are prepared to handle these challenges in Rabi crop? How much kind of inventory we have? 
How is the availability of intermediate coming from China or even domestically and definitely 
it will be available at a higher cost. So, would we be in position to pass it on to the end customers? 
Page 5 of 16

VK Bansal: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
Mr. Rohan the prices of the generic technicals which are being imported from China or the 
companies 
who 
are 
manufacturing 
the 
technicals 
in 
India they 
are 
also 
importing 
by 
intermediates from China and the prices has increased like anything. I can say that the China has 
become crazy in increasing the prices. 
There are four reasons behind this increase in the prices: 
#1 The power shortages in China, because of which the units have been closed on by the 
Government and hardly the units are operating two days a week instead of seven days a week. 
#2 The phosphorus price has increased by 100%. So, that is the second reason for increasing the 
prices of raw materials, because phosphorus is the basic raw material for manufacturing of 
number of intermediates and technical grade pesticides. 
#3 Is basically these freight costs because of non-availability of the containers, the freight cost 
has gone very high three to four times that is the third reason. 
#4 The Chinese President wants blue sky, during the Winter Olympics, which are supposed to 
be held in February 2022 in China, so because of which the Government has passed order to 
close down all the hazardous chemical and pesticide industry. 
So, there is a gap between demand and supply, demand is more and supply is less due to which 
the prices have increased like anything. Although the technical prices have increased, but the 
brand prices have not increased, but since the season for Rabi is going to start now, it is expected 
that from November onwards, the price increase will happen in the market in the brands also and 
Dhanuka has increased these prices effective from 1** November 2021. 
And I am not sure whether how much price increase we will be able to pass on it will depend on 
the market conditions, how the competitors behave in the market and how much inventory each 
company is holding. We do have inventory for at least two months for sure for November and 
December and some maybe for January also. But after that, we will have to procure raw material 
at a higher cost and presently also for some raw materials, we are procuring at new prices. 
So in case, we are not able to increase the prices. So you are still not sure whether you will be 
able to pass on all the costs increase or not. And then we may expect some kind of margin 
pressure. 
I also draw parallel in the current crisis in China when almost couple of years back 
there was a fire at the China's plant and we had a supply chain getting disrupted for almost six 
months and chemical prices at that time had gone up sharply and we have seen a margin pressure 
in our companies significantly in those three to four quarters. So do you compare that current 
Page 
6 of 16

VK Bansal: 
Rohan Gupta: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Resham Jain: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
situation is like similar and if we are not in position to pass it on, we may see some margin 
pressure, like what we had witnessed earlier almost three years back? 
You see Rohan, as far as we believe, whenever such a steep increase is there so we always get 
the advantage of the inventory lying in the system even if we are not able to pass on the entire 
increase, we still have firm opinion that there would not be any decline in the gross margins at 
least in Q3. If we could have been able to pass on the entire increase, then definitely there would 
be a good increasing in the gross margin in the quarter because of the carry over inventory in the 
system. So, I don't see any possibility of declining in the gross margin in Q3 at least. 
Dhanukaji in terms of raw material challenges. So, though we have enough inventories of almost 
for two months, but is the material available though even at a higher price or we are facing; do 
you anticipate that the material itself may not be available in the market after two months and 
that may create the problem, even if in a good Rabi season we may not be able to produce and 
sell in the market to do so foresee any such situation? 
Availability is not a question only the question is of the price. Some importers are taking the 
situation advantage, although the cost has not increased to that extent, but they are taking the 
advantage of demand and supply gap. So material availability is not a question, but for future 
you cannot predict 100%. But 90%, I do hope that the product will be available at higher prices. 
Last question from my side, I will come back in queue again. Your investment in this technology 
that's a great initiative taken by the company; and the stake which you have taken in this drone 
company. So if you just can share a little bit more that what is the thought process behind it, is 
the more value-added services which you want to provide to the farmers’? And taking it as a 
business opportunity going forward or right now it is just only on an add-on service providing 
to the farmers, if you can just share some more detail on that? 
You see it is just a start of investment initially. But yes, we are exploring the opportunity, with 
this digi technology, how we can use it in our business. 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Ihave few questions, first is on the outlook for Rabi season, given the context of the fertilizer 
situation. Do you see that because of shortages of fertilizer, will it have any impact on acreages 
and the output of the crop? And in that context, how will be Agrichemical consumption will get 
impacted? Just your thoughts on the same. 
Page 7 of 16

Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
Actually, the rainfall has been really good. Commodity prices are looking up. So farmer is going 
to be really aggressive in terms of increasing the acreages as well as investing in the crop. DAP, 
non-availability DAP prices shooting up, is certainly a cause of concern in terms of impacting 
the yield for the farmer. At Dhanukawe get an opportunity to offer alternatives to the farmer in 
shape of MYCORE, our Mycorrhizal product, which is an organic byproduct for nutrient support 
to the plant, by extracting nutrients from the ground. This also gives us opportunity to offer 
Dhanzyme, seaweeds, biofertilizer to the farmer and Maxyld, which is a combination of various 
nutrients for fully replication to the farmer. So at Dhanuka, we are really well placed in terms of 
our complete and rich product portfolio, to support the farmer at various stages of his crop, and 
not allow the absence of DAP to suffer the crop. We will see really highly acreages of oil seeds 
and pulses coming up. And at Dhanuka, our portfolio is really robust to support the farmer for 
all these crop choices. 
What I understood is that shortage of DAP may not have a very large impact on the acreage and 
output. 
Yes, it should not have impact on the acreage for sure. 
The second question is on the general inventory situation in the market, because as you explained 
just a while back that the prices are on the rise, and typically no one would like to keep a higher 
inventory in such scenarios. So, how are you seeing the approach of importers, wholesalers, 
retailers, in the current situation? 
See, one was your question another was a speculated statement. So, I will address it from my 
perspective. While prices are on a rise, so is the demand and the opportunity. At Dhanuka we 
are investing aggressively in procuring the raw material. And we are keeping our pipeline robust, 
so, that we are completely capable of servicing the farmer through next six months. Our specialty 
products supplies for example TargaSuper, Sakura, Kempa, Sempra, Kirari, Nissodium, all these 
Japanese products. We are well placed completely geared up will be required stocks for this 
season. And also as Mr. Dhanuka has shared no change in prices. 
Various generic products are in fluctuation, in terms of their availability, they are in fluctuation 
in terms of prices. And the channel, the market, the industry, everyone sensing that and is trying 
to stock the material to the best of individual capability. So this price increase message is there 
in the market and our channel is trying to procure excess stocks, in view of increased prices and 
in view of a very favorable season, with high acreage increase opportunity. 
Last one is on Dahej project. I think the Phase-1 we were supposed to spend I think Rs. 60 crores 
to Rs. 90 crores. In the first half I think the capital work in progress, it looks like Rs. 10 crores 
Page 8 of 16

MK Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Probal Sen: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Probal Sen: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Probal Sen: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
odd only. 
I am just reconfirming, you already mentioned that by the March ’22 project will be 
over. So the rest of the project will get over in the next four, five months. 
Yes, absolutely, right, up to September, around Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crores is being spend and 
my March end we are expecting around Rs. 80 crore spending will be there. And Phase-I will be 
over. So in the next, say from October to March, approximately 60 Cr will be spent, Rs. 60 crores 
to Rs. 65 crores. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Probal Sen from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Just on a broad guidance level, the Phase-I, Dahej, assuming the completion happens by ’22, any 
number we can speculate in terms of how it can contribute to our top or bottom line, maybe over 
FY ‘23. And the second question was in light of the H1 performance, you had of course already 
given a cautious guidance at the end of Q1, for this year's overall growth. So any revision or 
would you like to revisit that guidance in light of the Q2 performance? Those were my two 
questions. 
See by March 2022, we will be able to complete Phase-I, which is basically completion of the 
formulation unit. There we can start the formulation of the product. We will not be able to start 
the technical manufacturing. It will take another one year to start the technical manufacturing 
from the Dahej plant that is 2023 only, we will be able to start the technical production from 
Dahej 
plant. 
Initially 
it 
is only for manufacturing of the formulation, because there was 
Government condition that the plot utilization should be there by March 2022. That's why we 
started, so that at least we can show to the Government that we have been able to start the 
production over there and we can save our plot, because now the land is not available in Dahej. 
And second question is the regarding’? 
The overall guidance for ’22 and ’23, if you can speculate anything. 
For the whole year, we are now giving guidance for single digit growth. We hope that like 
September and October has gone well. So we expect that Rabi should remain good, and we will 
be able to deliver single digit growth by March end. 
Just going back to the first question. This formulation that you will be manufacturing, those will 
be in limited quantities to basically keep the regulatory compliance going, which is why we don't 
expect any material contribution of this to numbers at least in FY23. Is that a correct way to look 
at it 
Right, Mr. Probal. 
Page 9 of 16

Moderator: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
VK Bansal: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
VK Bansal: 
Moderator: 
Chintan Modi: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
The first question is on again harping on the Dahej facility. So, when the formulation plant and 
the technical plant is completed by March ’23, in FY 24, 
I think earlier, we had provided guidance 
of about Rs. 200 crores of revenues from this facility. Would that be the right assumption to 
take? 
Yes, you are absolutely right. We expect around Rs. 200 crores turnover in FY 23-24. 
The second question is from the industry dynamics perspective. So, historically, time and again 
we have seen that whenever the input cost pressure arises, normally for players, Agrochemical 
players, it is difficult to pass on to the farmers, has there not been any change over a period of 
time that even the farmer income has increased, the MSPs have consecutively gone up. But 
whenever it comes for Agrochemicals, we always face this situation that we are not able to pass 
on the increase in raw material cost to the farmers. Any thoughts on this? 
Yes, So, I think so, I will not go with that statement and at Dhanuka almost every time we have 
been able to pass on the cost increase to the farmer. There are situations when the commodity 
prices are either low, or the market situation in terms of the crop condition is not favorable. 
When will not be able to pass on the cost to the farmer, and there would be very few quarters 
when such thing would have happened with Dhanuka. So we are able to do a lot of demand 
generation activity with the farmer. We do lot of branding and promotion activity with the 
farmer. We do a lot of ground level education activity with the farmer. So whenever there is a 
price increase, and we are able to pass it on to our customer, the brand conscious farmer, the 
quality conscious farmer goes for Dhanuka products. 
Just one last clarification on the EBITDA margins. So on Dahej, we had indicated that we will 
have EBITDA margins in the range of 12% to 15%. And for FY22, the EBITDA margin 
guidance earlier indicated was 16% 
to 17.5%. 
Is this right to take from the calculations 
perspective? 
Yes, that's right. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong Securities. 
Just one question on the cash flow front we saw significant squeeze during the first six months. 
Could you explain, it seems more on the working capital side, so if you could just explain what 
were the actual reasons for that and do we expect some kind of reversal happening in the second 
half? 
Page 10 of 16

MK Dhanuka: 
Chintan Modi: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Chintan Modi: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
You see last year was exceptional year. There was a significant improvement in the NWC. But 
as a matter of fact, this year, our NW cycle has increased from 89 days to 104 days, that is a 
normal phenomena basically. So that was a very different year, last year that is not this year. So, 
I think that things are in control, absolutely, there is no worry. 
So, basically it is reversal of last year's improvement, so from now onwards we should expect it 
to be more or less on the normalized trajectory? 
Absolutely, right. 
With respect to this new patented product that we will be launching soon. Just if you could 
explain some kind of, what is the kind of market size one should expect and how soon that we 
should be expecting in terms of revenue monetization, and --? 
This is Herbicide and this Herbicide will find space in sugarcane, it will find space in tomato 
and a few other crops. We are expecting to introduce in FY24. So at this stage, this is what I will 
be able to share with you. This is a Japanese offering, coming from Nissan Chemical Industries. 
And we are very upbeat and positive about this Herbicide offering. Given the 
fact that 
MGNREGA outlay of Rs. 73,000 crore has also been consumed and the Ministry is asking for 
another outlay of Rs. 25,000 crores. We are pretty sure that the labor availability is going to 
continuously nosedive. And Herbicide consumption in India would probably match global 
standards due to labor shortage and high value crop. So, we see really good opportunity for our 
offering as we launch it in FY24. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss. It’s a 
follow-up question, please go ahead. 
Definitely, we had a very heavy base last year. And that's why our, this year, first half growth 
had been almost close to muted or even slightly lower than the last year. But Mr. Rahul any 
sense on the industry growth this year in first half, if you can just give some sense. 
Well, industry growth, some of the peers have already released numbers so we can see where it 
is going. I think so, so far the industry is largely at par. Yet there could be single digit growth 
for sure as the year end, because the Rabi is really looking up. 
So first half have been almost flat. But in a second half, we may see growth because Rabi is 
looking better, right? 
Rabi is really looking upbeat with good rainfall, good moisture, really up commodity prices, 
almost all the state Governments pushing for oilseeds and pulses. So Rabi is really looking 
upbeat. 
Page 11 of 16

Rohan Gupta: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
VK Bansal: 
Rohan Gupta: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Rohan Gupta: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
And these you are talking in terms of volume growth, because I am sure that in second half we 
will see a lot of price led growth to happen, because prices have already started going up in 
January. So I see that at least 10% to 15% probably price increase, are you able to see or are you 
seeing in the across the product or it is lower than that? 
So I am certainly talking about the volume growth, for sure. And price increase, whatever price 
increase is happening, we are passing on. What's the price increase so for is? 
Price increase, I am expecting in Q3, and maybe in the range of 7% to 8% overall, not so much 
because there are many molecules on which there is no price increase. They are largely specific 
molecules and in terms of generic, there is a significant increase between 25% to 30%. Overall 
impact should be between 7% to 8% not more or rather it would be less, 5% to 6%, why is it so? 
Now price increase impacting is starting from November, October there is hardly any price 
increase. So thus Quarter 1, increase might be between 5% to 7% overall Q3. 
Any sense, Mr. Dhanuka, if you have while talking to the supplier, the China situation, because 
definitely the Winter Olympics are going to happen till Feb. The situation may not get addressed 
immediately. So any sense you see that the plant and the power crisis in China is getting over in 
near term, or it is going to go up for a longer period. 
Well, this crisis are very defined date of 31' December, to technically get over. So on 31* of 
December, the current scorecards so to say is achieved or not achieved, and then new meter it is 
started on 1* of January, yes the entire ecosystem will take its time to warm up and get activated. 
So probably another couple of months after the Chinese New Year of February, situation should 
be really easy and supply should become normal. 
So they have to achieve some certain numbers as well as environmental concern. They have to 
achieve by 31* of December, right. 
Yes. 
Thank you. Next question is a follow-up from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
In terms of our segment wise breakup, so the other segment which is PGN as well biological 
account for about 10% to 11%. And now we are setting up a new R&D facility as well. So any 
thoughts on because the biology’s adoption has been increasing across the Board, maybe over a 
3 to 5 year period, how much are segment revenue will be contributed from biological? And 
what are the new initiatives that we are taking on this time? 
Page 12 of 16

Rahul Dhanuka: 
Rohit Nagraj: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
Thanks for asking this wonderful question. Biological’s growth rate is certainly higher than the 
conventional Agri-input growth rate. At the same time, I would like to remind the audience that 
in India, less than 40% of the agriculture is treated or chemically protected. So there is a huge 
scope for Dhanuka and agri-input industry to reach out to the farmer and protect the rest of this 
60% unprotected agriculture. So there is a huge scope for the conventional agriculture. Yet, there 
is a huge emerging opportunity especially for fruits and vegetables and especially for export 
oriented crops, for biological. And at Dhanuka and at our R&D center, we are doing some really 
good experiments and trials of biological products. And as and when we are ready with that, will 
come to that. 
Our current offerings certainly include biological fertilizers, biofertilizers, seaweed extract 
fertilizers, mycorrhizal which is again organic fertilizer. And MYCORE which we introduced 
very recently is finding huge traction in general, without DAP shortage. With DAP shortage, our 
team is absolutely gung ho, excited about MYCORE opportunity. 
And that’s 
interesting to know that there is a huge scope for this particular segment to proliferate 
further. One more question in terms of you said, on the pricing front, the pricing decision has 
always compared by how the competition will take price increases. So normally who do we look 
at in terms of competition, ‘who bites the bullet first’, because everyone usually says that we 
will look at the competition and then accordingly we will take the price hikes. 
I would really like you to go and tell the competitors, Dhanukas bites the bullet first. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 
What would be our Pyrethroid percentage to the total component? And is Pyrethroid range 
unaffected due to China impact, is it so? 
Synthetic pyrethroid is one of the leading products of India Agechem production, India globally 
leads 
in synthetic pyrethroid production and exports. So synthetic pyrethroid 
is relatively 
unaffected when it comes to availability. In terms of raw material prices going up, synthetic 
pyrethroid prices are also going up. 
What would be our percentage of revenue from synthetic pyrethroids? 
Well I will have to really dig this for now. We have not done that kind of evaluation, because 
this includes a host of about nine or ten offering from our list. So I will have to really dig it out. 
Maybe next time or on a separate call I.can share that with you. 
Can you just give a broad like names of which pyrethroids do we engage into? 
Page 13 of 16

MK Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
We do Cypermethrin and four versions of Cypermethrin. Then we do Bifenthrin and two or three 
versions of Bifenthrin, then we do Lambda-cyhalothrin and then some versions of Lambda- 
cyhalothrin, yes then we also deal into pyrethroid. So these are some of the synthetic pyrethroids 
we deal with. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from AMSEC. Please go 
ahead. 
What has been the volume and the value performance for this project? 
For Q2, you see there is a decline of around 3% in the volume, so there was a 2% gap between 
value and volume, in Q2. 
And looking over last two to three years, share of Fungicide has not increase at least in the first 
half. So is there any molecule doing well or it is a basket of molecular specially crops that we 
have seen a good growth in Fungicide portfolio. 
We have been able to really strengthen our Fungicide Portfolio, very aggressively. And some 
wonderful 93 introductions we did in last few years. We introduced Conika from Hokko 
Chemicals, Japan. Then we introduced Godiwa Super and Spectrum. We introduced Kirari from 
Nissan Industries and Nissodium from Nippon Soda. Kirari and Nissodium are very special 
Fungicides finding its space in grapes. Grapes as you know is one of the large horticulture crops 
and export oriented crops from India. Kirari and Nissodium also find a space in tomato and other 
horticulture crops which are again relatively high value crops. 
So we were looking at this opportunity in the Indian market, especially in horticulture segment, 
farmer is aggressively moving towards high value-added crop. Farmer is aggressively leaving 
some of these cereals behind and moving towards fruits and vegetables. So we have been able 
to bolster our portfolio in Specialty Fungicides. And that’s why that growth you can see. 
And last on the new product, you mentioned about one product in Q4 and couple of products in 
next year. So again, in which category and in which crop that would be --? 
So this year we introduce one Herbicide in the onion segment, the brand name is ONEKIL which 
we introduced again from Nissan Chemicals, Japan. And Tornado is another Herbicide we have 
introduce this year which finds space in soyabean and groundnut. This product is also offered 
from Nissan Chemical Industries, Japan. Next year, we are going to introduce towards the end 
of this year itself, Q4 we will be introducing Cornext which is a maize herbicide again from 
Nissan. And then there would be other offerings for the next year which will be, I will just tell 
Page 14 of 16

Saurabh Kapadia: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
Resham Jain: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Resham Jain: 
Rahul Dhanuka: 
Moderator: 
MK Dhanuka: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
you that sugarcane and paddy. Sugarcane, paddy and horticulture segments we are going to 
introduce new products in next year. 
So are these all in licensing product are exclusive to Dhanuka or it’s more towards the focus will 
be marketing. 
So ONEKIL is Dhanuka’s 9(3) registration, Dhanuka introduced this product. Then Cornext is 
also Dhanuka’s 9(3) registration from Nissan. And next year what we are going to introduce our 
Insecticide, the brand name 
is decide and Zineb which 
is another Fungicide, they are also 
exclusive product for Dhanuka. And they will be our 9(3) offerings. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment Manager. 
Please go ahead. 
This MYCORe product which you have mentioned, is this now for the current year, given the 
kind of situation we are in and the kind of demand you have just claimed. Can this be a part of 
our top 10 products, this year? 
Yes, it can be, and why not. We are top-10 products, it can be. It has a huge phenomenal demand. 
And two reasons, one is of course the shortage of DAP. Another is as you are looking at the 
Prime Minister talking in many speeches about the soil health getting deteriorated. MYCORe 
which is microbe-based plant nutrient extracted, 
it really recharges the soil wonderfully. So 
almost a barren land can be reactivated by use of MYCORe and is very powerful for oil seeds 
and pulses growing. 
In terms of supplies, this product, is there a constraint in terms of how much you can produce or 
there is no constraint as such? 
As such no constraint, MYCORE production is not a big constraint, it’s formulation is only a 
constraint, although it’s imported product, but technically producing it is not a big deal. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that would be our last question for today. 
I now hand a 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Good evening friends. As you know the September has seen very heavy rainfall. I think it has 
beaten the records of number of years and because of which there is moisture in the soil and the 
reservoirs are full of water. So the farmers are sure that they will get the water for irrigation for 
Rabi crop. So Rabi crop 
is expected 
to be very good, which 
is basically seen from the 
performance of September and October month. July and August were very bad. So we were not 
basically hopeful that we will be able to land up near about same turnover. But September has 
given the relief and October is also showing very positive response by the market. 
Page 15 of 16

Moderator: 
Dhanuka Agritech Limited 
October 30, 2021 
So we hope that this trend should continue in the Rabi season and we do hope that the Rabi will 
remain very good. And we will be definitely able to deliver much better results in the 3" Quarter, 
once we have the call for 3° Quarter, you will see that the results for 3° Quarter are much better. 
We hope that the God should remain favorable for the farming community. So that they could 
reap bumper harvest and their income increases. So let us hope for the best. Thank you very 
much. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 16 of 16
