Cranes 
.r=A
~ 
...... 
1801001:10011 
~ 
30th November, 2021 
To, 
The Manager (Listing), 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Mumbai 
Mumbai 
Company's Scrip Code: 505700 
Company's Scrip Code: ELECON 
Sub : Transcript of the Investor Call held on 25th November, 2021 
Ref : Regulation 
30 
of 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir, 
With reference to the above referred Regulation and in continuation of our letter dated 
22nd November, 2021, please find attached herewith the transcript of the conference 
call held on 25th November, 2021 for Q2 for the Financial Year 2021-22. 
The 
same 
is 
available 
https: //w,.vw.el COll.combnv 
the 
website 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Elecon Engineering Company Limited, 
Bharti Isarani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
..., ., 
of 
the 
Company 
¥ ~ 
tlf~~ 
~ 
~i'j) 
at 
0119MII't" 
Rubber Industry 
Marine Industry 
Plastic Industry 
Power Industry 
Steel Industry 
Sugar Industry 
Mining 
Cement Industry 
Gearing industries. Gearing economies. 
ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED, Post Box# 6, Vallabh Vidyanagar- 388 120, Gujarat, India. Tel.: +91 -2692- 238701, 238702. Fax: +91 -2692-227484. 
CIN L29100GJ1960PLC001082 1 infogear@elecon.com 1 www.elecon.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Elecon Engineering Co. Ltd. Q2 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
November 25, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAYASVIN PATEL – CMD  
                                MR. KAMLESH SHAH – GROUP CFO 
                                MR. NARASIMHAN RAGHUNATHAN – CFO 
 
 

Binay Sarda: 
Good Morning to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining 
this Q2 FY22 earnings call for Elecon Engineering. Please note that we 
have mailed out the results and you can also see the results on our 
website as well as it has been updated in the Stock Exchanges. In case 
you have not received the same, you can write to us and we will be 
happy to send this thing over to you. 
 
Before we proceed to the call let me remind you that the discussion 
may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in 
conjunction with our business risks that could cause a future result 
performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your 
questions, we have with us the management of Elecon Engineering, 
represented by Mr Prayasvin Patel, CMD, Mr Kamlesh Shah, Group CFO 
and Mr. Narasimhan Raghunathan, CFO. 
 
Mr. Prayasvin Patel will give a brief overview of the quarter gone past 
and then we will open the floor to Q&A Session.  
 
With that said, I would now hand over the call to Mr. Prayasvin Patel. 
Over to you Sir! 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Good morning everyone. Very warm welcome to Elecon Q2 FY2022 
conference call and we hope that you enjoyed the festival of the Diwali 
and we wish you a very happy and a prosperous new year. Also, we 
hope that you have been taking abundant precaution in tackling the 
pandemic as more and more activities are open in the days ahead.  
 
Our Company has declared the results for the half year ended 
September 2021, which is available on our website. Discussing the 
result at the standalone level we have had a relatively healthy quarter 
with both gear and MHE business reporting good performance. During 
the quarter, the total operating income increased by 14.7% year on 
year to Rs.235.2 crores from Rs.205 crores in the corresponding quarter 
of the previous year. The EBITDA on absolute basis stood at Rs.50.9 
crores as compared to Rs.53.3 crores during the corresponding period 
of the previous year, this translates to EBITDA margin of 21.7% in Q2 
FY22 as compared to 26% in Q2 FY21. The decline in margins was due 
to the change in product mix. We close this quarter with PAT of Rs.23.1 
crores as compare to Rs.20.2 crores during the corresponding period of 
the previous year, an increase of 14.7%. During the quarter we have 
reduced the debt by approximately Rs.40 crores and we have taken 
various steps to substitute high cost debt with low cost and we 
continue to pursue the same which will help us in reducing the interest 
cost during the rest of the year.  
 
Standalone half year results - The total operating income increased by 
54.1% year on year to Rs.454.5 crores for H1 FY22. The EBITDA 
increased by 107.2% year on year to Rs.101 crores as compared to 
Rs.48.7 crores during the corresponding period of the previous year. 
This translates to EBITDA margin of 22.2% in H1 FY22 as compared to 
16.5% in H1 FY21. The PAT increase to Rs.46.2 crores in H1 FY22 as 

compared to Rs.1.4 crores during the corresponding period of the 
previous year.  
 
Coming to the consolidated financials of the Q2 FY22, the operating 
revenues increased by 17.7% to Rs.310.4 crores in Q2 FY22 as 
compared to Rs.263.7 crores in Q2 FY21. EBITDA increased by 13.4% 
Rs.66.7 crores as compared to Rs.58.8 crores in Q2 FY21, this translates 
to EBITDA margin of 21.5% in Q2 FY22 as compared to 22.3% Q2 FY21 
much. The net profit increased by 1.1% to Rs.35.4 crores by Rs.22 
crores in Q2 FY21.  
 
 
Consolidated half year results - The operating income increased by 
51.3% year on year to Rs.602.9 crores for H1 FY22. EBITDA increased by 
123.6% year on year to Rs.125.5 crores as compared to Rs.56.1 crores 
during the corresponding period of the previous year, this translates to 
EBITDA margin of 20.8% in H1 FY22 as compared to 14.1% in H1 FY21. 
The PAT increased to Rs.62.6 crores in H1 FY22 as compared to Rs.1.3 
crores during the corresponding period of the previous year. 
  
 
Order book position - overall we have had a relatively healthy 
performance in the quarter, largely driven by traction in the gear 
business as above. We are seeing a gradual pickup in demand on the 
back of recovery in economy and we saw a ramp up in the order 
booking with order book position as of October 2021 worth 340 crores 
in gear business and orders worth Rs.72 crores in the material handling 
business. In our overseas subsidiaries, we have been witnessing good 
improvement in our market reach in the Americas region of USA, 
Canada and Latin America based on which the revenue growth is seen. 
For entities in Europe, clarity in Brexit is helping us and despite the 
impact of the pandemic we continue to be profitable. We are also 
taking various steps as much as possible to overcome logistic 
constraints due to pandemic. Total order book position of Elecon group 
stands at Rs.514 crores. Based on our change in strategy in US 
operations we are witnessing positive momentum in the order intake 
and revenue, and we expect frequent improvement in the overall 
performance in the US business in the coming quarters.  
 
 
Focus on debt reduction, similar to debt reduction efforts we are taking 
in India. We are also in the process of reducing the external debts of 
our overseas business. We are in the process of becoming debt free in 
our overseas entities by the end of next month.  
 
 
Future outlook and strategy, we continue to focus on strategies to 
create long term value for shareholder. The MHE division is now 
becoming more resilient as we are in the process to complete the 
punch list item part of the COD process to hand over our legacy 
projects and are now focusing more on product business in the MHE 
division. We continue to streamline existing operations which has led to 
improvement in EBITDA margins and overall profitability. We will 
continue to strengthen our balance sheet and reduce our debt and 
liabilities in the coming quarter. We are confident that the performance 
will continue to improve in the future looking at the revival of the 
demand scenario and on the back of strong execution and favourable 
product mix.  

 
Thank you all. We will be happy to address your specific queries about 
the business going forward. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. Before we pass on to the queue, we'll take one question 
from the chat board. Prashant asks, I would like to know that in the 
material handling projects are we expecting any write off or loss in 
future? Have you taken any write off in the past, what is our pending 
execution in this segment? 
Narasimhan Raghunathan: We are in the stage where turnkey projects whatever we have taken in 
earlier years, will close it in this year and will be claiming the retention 
money. There is a process by which after the completion of various 
activities, various milestones and certificates have to be obtained, 
these claims have to be lodged. We will be looking forward to receive 
those and we don't expect loss from those claims. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Pritesh Chedda. Request 
to unmute and please state your name and institution name. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So this is Pritesh from Lucky 
Investments. So the question, in your opening comments about 
repaying a substantial part of the debt by next year. So does that 
include a lot of retention money to be received as your assumption to 
repay the debt or do you think that naturally from the cash flows of 
your business you will be able to repay the debt? With that my second 
question is, you're referring to substantial reduction in interest cost by 
virtue of re-pricing of the debt. So, if you could help us understand 
what do you think should be the debt numbers for FY22 and FY23 and 
what should be the interest cost expense for FY22 and FY23? These are 
my two questions. And I have one more question on gear motor, 
gearbox. I'll come back.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Let me start off Narasimhan and then you take it over halfway through. 
Pritesh thank you for taking so much of interest in our company. First of 
all, let me tell you one thing that our generation has been so positive 
that we have been able to reduce a substantial part of our debt and 
apart from this, we are right now thinking very conservatively that we 
will recover zero amount of money from the material handling projects 
which are going. Even if we do that, then also our positive generations 
which are happening because of the high turnover in gear, the high 
profitability, as well as  reduction in the overall debt and the interest 
cost itself is giving us enough accruals by we should be able to become 
debt free very soon. With this Narasimhan will give you the figures 
going ahead. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan: So this debt reduction will happen from both the accrual which will 
happen based on the business performance, as well as collections 
which we expect from the material handling division, it is a combination 
of both. In terms of the amount, approximately on an average in a 
quarter we are reducing the debt by around 30 to 40 crores and same 
has been covered in CMD’s speech. So we might become debt free at 
consolidated level by 2023. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Okay and what is the retention money currently in balance sheet which 
needs to be recovered, so that could be your additional kicker.  

Prayasvin Patel: 
Around 100 crores. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Okay. My question now is on your gear motor gearbox side of the 
business, from your opening comments you were mentioning about, 
better activity in the economy and you're seeing inflows. So just from 
the gear motor gearbox side, when you look at this order backlog, are 
you seeing now growth in revenues will start building up because our 
business and that for matter a lot of capital equipment business have 
been stagnant for quite some years. So are you seeing a situation 
where you get into a phase of multi quarter, revenue growth rates and 
from the margin perspective side, we do have fairly 18-20% EBIT 
margin, which also has benefits from your slightly profitable export 
orders as well. So, if you could give some comment on the margin 
direction as well for the gear motor gearbox alongside the growth 
direction, with whatever data points that you are seeing building up for 
the business.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Let me start off by saying that, first of all, the Indian economy has taken 
a substantial traction, which means, the capex cycle especially in the 
core industries, the infrastructure building industries like cement, steel, 
etc. have all started catching on, which is giving us a healthy inflow of 
voters and this also includes businesses like sugar, which is also 
catching a good traction. Recently, we got one of the largest orders 
very recently in the last 2-3 years from the sugar business. So, overall, 
the Indian environment seems to be extremely healthy. It is also backed 
up by good inflow of orders coming in from export, especially because 
of the fact that as mentioned in my speech, probably we have seen the 
past of Brexit now UK is on the verge of getting over the effects of 
Brexit. In United States because of the huge pumping in by the 
government money during the COVID situation, we are seeing a good 
amount of traction even in America that is USA as well as in South 
America. So there are heavy orders coming in from there. So overall, 
everything seems positive and that is showing in the figures also. We 
are expected that our export sales over a period of time will improve 
further because there are a lot of actions that we are taking to see to it 
that we penetrate further deeper into the market, to get more of these. 
As long as our after sales business is concerned that is also showing a 
healthy traction. So all in all, things seem to be very positive.  
Pritesh Chedda: 
So from your comment, can we conclude that, we actually seeing a 
multi quarter high growth rates in the gear motor gearbox side of the 
business from the revenue perspective. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Definitely yes. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
And from the margin perspective, you didn’t give a comment. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Margins perspectives we are watching our margins very carefully 
because since the ordering flow is very healthy, we don't compromise 
on the margins as long as sales are concerned and that is reflected in 
the performance of the company. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
And last year the asset utilization side in the gear motor gearbox what 
capacity utilisation you would be running at and will you need any 
capex?  

Prayasvin Patel: 
That is an interesting question. As long as capacities are concerned, we 
don't need any additional capex because today also while we are 
talking we are hardly operating at about 60% utilization of capacity with 
subcontracting that can be done, we can increase our turnover to a 
substantial extent if required. As long as replacement of machinery is 
concerned, yes, because we had not done a capex for a long period of 
time. Machines which have got outdated, machines that have lost the 
accuracies and machines which have become obsolete all those would 
have to be replaced. So, there is a definite planning that the company is 
going through on what would be the requirement of capex, what needs 
to be replaced when and how, but we will make sure that there is not a 
substantial debt that we will take going forward to replace this units. 
Binay Sarda: 
The next question is from Vishal Prasad. Request you to state your 
name of your institution, please. 
Vishal Prasad:  
Hi, good morning. This is Vishal from VP capital. I have few questions, 7 
years back we used to talk about us trying to get into windmill 
machines, I mean supplying gears to them, but I don't see the 
discussions anymore. So what has happened there if you could help me 
understand it.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Sure. Vishal windmill business, our machinery and infrastructure that 
we have, we had put in about almost 10 years ago, is capable of not 
only doing windmill gearboxes, but also planetary for cement, for 
planetary gearboxes for sugar, as well as for various other industries. So 
the machinery being common, we were trying to pursue all the areas. 
What we have found with windmills is yes, if you join hands with the 
very large players, it gives you a consistent quantity of boxes for the 
windmill but it is a very highly risk oriented business because if the 
quantities of windmills to be installed reduces, you land up with 
substantial amount of inventory because the entire process is driven by 
numbers. So as well as there are also very high level of risk failures and 
maintenance and that is the reason why we have taken a back step 
because what we believe is that if we can generate enough margins in 
the other business, it is better to avoid this business to large extent, but 
that doesn't mean that we will completely be out of it but we will be 
treading into this very carefully and cautious.  
Vishal Prasad: 
So second question is on our defense side of business, I think it's been 
6-7 years when we got the large order from Navy, I might be wrong, but 
I haven't seen any traction in the business. I mean, we getting new 
business from navy or defense side. So what has happened there, is 
something we are lacking or there is no order coming from them?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Before we get into this, what I would like to show you is in the 
background, the gearbox that you see behind my back is the gearbox 
that we have supplied to the Indian Navy for their aircraft carrier ship, 
which has been just launched by Cochin Shipyard. This is the first 
attempt by Indian Navy to make 100% indigenous ship which is an 
aircraft carrier and we are all proud that we have been able to supply 
these units and which have been working extremely well. They have 
been taking trials and the performance has been extremely good. So, 
now coming to your question, yes, I don't remember exactly how many 

years but about almost six to seven years, since we last got order for 
Indian Navy. Now, normally if you look at the Indian Navy cycle, it 
comes in spurts. It is not that we have lost any single order it is just that 
your navy orders the ships not all of them at the same time, which 
means once an entire project get over then they go back and then 
order a different project whereby they bill ships in quantities of 3-5-7 
etc. So once this project gets over then they will go in for something 
which is required by them in quantity. So as I told you, we have not lost 
a single order. On the other hand we are aggressively pursuing the new 
projects which are coming in and hopefully we will be successful in 
getting those orders as an Indian Navy releases. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Okay, so last question from my side. If I look at you and the 
organization generally we are very considerate about risk. I mean we 
think about risk before getting into anything but when I look at the 
turnkey MHE business, we have not been very successful there. So 
could you share your thought process on why we got into this business 
and any learning that we have from whatever happened there? That 
would be great.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
The company started with material and therefore if you look and if you 
dissect the name Elecon it means elevators and conveyers, “Ele” stands 
for elevators and “con” for conveyors. Elevators are not the lift 
elevators they are bucket elevators, the ones that you'll find them in 
cement plants and the fertilizer plants. Now, we have been in material 
handling for many number of years and material handling business 
always goes through a cycle where there is a boom period and then 
there is a recessionary trend which comes in which has also happened 
recently. But what normally happens is once you get into recession, you 
normally don't go pursuing projects. The reason is everyone who is in 
this business is chasing the same order. It is like saying that there is 
hardly 10% business all the companies are pursuing that 10% rather 
than, trying to avoid taking orders. So what happens is the price levels 
go to such low extent that in projects you make huge losses and which 
is the reason why we have kept ourselves away from projects in the 
recent times and we are trying to sell products because over last 30-40 
years the entire material handling industry in India relies on Elecon 
products. There is practically no single power plant where Elecon 
products are not there and if you meet the employees, they will tell you 
that the Elecon products are robust and keep on working for years and 
years, which is the reason why we have decided that under the present 
circumstances, it is better to only sell product. The other advantage of 
selling products is that you invoice the products as and when they leave 
the company finished goods and you recover your money fast in 
projects your money gets retained by the customer and it takes years 
to collect them back. So, it is advantageous right now, under the 
present circumstances, to pursue products rather than projects and 
which is what we have been doing even in the past because in the last 
40 years we have gone through this cycle many times and every time 
there is a recession, you start only selling products and stay away from 
projects. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Thank you Sir.  

Binay Sarda: 
We have a next question from Ankit Babel. Please state the name of the 
institution before beginning the question.  
Ankit Babel: 
Good morning. This is Ankit Babel here from Subhkam Ventures. Sir my 
first question is during the quarter and in the first half, what was the 
contribution from the Navy order in your revenue? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Contribution as long as turnover was concerned that we can give you 
Narasimhan I think we have invoiced approximately about 100 odd 
crores if I'm not mistaken. Can you give the exact figures?  
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  Invoicing up to date is Rs.380 crores. 
Ankit Babel: 
No my question is in this quarter and first half of this year particular. 
Approximate figure will also work. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  Its around 50-55 crores.  
Ankit Babel: 
Okay and what is the unexecuted order book remaining in that 
segment? I mean in the Navy order  
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  70 crores  
Ankit Babel: 
So that 70 crores you expect to complete by the second half of this 
year. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan: Can spill over to the first quarter of next year.  
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, so my question was, so, this year around 100 crores of revenue 
would be contributed by the Navy order approximately. So, Patelji my 
question is to you that, suppose if we end the year at around 1050 
crores in your gear business revenue at the consol level and in that 100 
crores would be from the Navy order, which would not be there in next 
year. So, on a base of 1050 crores approx what kind of growth can you 
do in the gear business on a consolidated basis next year, assuming that 
there is no contribution from the Navy order next year. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
There are two aspects of this one is the top line and the bottom going 
forward. So, we have been evaluated this and knowing that the next 
year there is no navy order which has come in up till now, we will have 
a shortfall of 100 crores from the Marine business. Considering that we 
have tried to see to it that whether we can enhance our business in the 
export area and we are confident that at least 30-40% additional 
revenues we can expect from export in the next coming year, that is 
number one. Number two is as long as bottom line is concerned, we 
have evaluated and we believe that the bottom line we will be able to 
sustain in spite of the fact that we will not be having the Navy business 
in the next. 
Ankit Babel: 
30-40% on what base of exports. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
30-40% of the 100 crores that means 30-40 crores additional business 
we expect from the export business. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, so is it fair to assume that you might actually report flattish 
revenue growth next year in the gear business at console level? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Top line yes. 

Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And my second question is that again at the consolidated level of 
their business, last year you had reported around 22% EBIT level margin 
at the console level. So, where do you see these margins in this year 
and next year. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
As long as margins are concerned, we expect the margins to be 
maintained even in the next year because there is going to be a 
substantial debt reduction, as well as the restructuring of our loans will 
give us the additional revenue that we were getting from the navy or 
marine business. 
Ankit Babel: 
Sir, my question was at the EBIT level. Interest costs I understand will 
come down but before interest your margins were around 22% last 
year. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Those would be maintained. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. So last question is on your material handling business, what kind 
of revenue and profitability you see next year. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See revenues as far as we are concerned, as far as long as the top line is 
concerned, we have been going very conservatively and very 
cautiously. We are not taking orders where we don't get the type of 
margins that we are looking for. So, the top line would definitely be hit, 
it would be in the similar range as what we are doing today. It may go 
up by 20% to the max but we wanted to see to it that we maintain the 
bottom line, which we are very confident that we will. 
Ankit Babel: 
Sir, maintain in the sense the 6 crores EBIT level profitability run rate on 
a quarterly basis can be sustained from here on. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
It will further improve because as I told you that the interest cost on 
the material handling business will go down substantially. 
Ankit Babel: 
But again, my question was at the EBIT level 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes, at EBIT level we will maintain the margins what we have today or 
improve upon them to some extent.  
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have a next question from Manan. Request you to state 
your name and your institution name before beginning. 
Manan: 
Yeah, hi, this is Manan here from Money Securities. Sir, my question 
was on the order book. So sequentially there has been a drop in our 
order book in the gear division as well as the MHE division and also we 
mentioned that a group order book is around 514 crores, so this 
differential of 100 crores of the order book, how does it benefit Elecon 
engineering? And secondly, if you can provide a breakup between the 
gear book between our catalog products and non catalog products 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See under the present circumstances, not having a large backlog of 
orders is working to our advantage. On one hand, it is not reducing our 
turnover and on the other hand, because the prices have become 
extremely volatile. Steel prices have increased, copper prices, all metals 
are going through a substantial and therefore what is happening is it is 
better not to have a large backlog of orders because this volatility one 
doesn't know where it is going to lead because as you know the 

international environment is quite volatile once again. So, considering 
that fact we believe that going forward we want to tread very 
cautiously and see to it that we maintain our margins in the orders that 
we receive especially in gear because the cycle of manufacturing is very 
short. 
Manan: 
Okay and catalogue and non catalogue bifurcation on the order book 
and also on the differential of 100 crores between the Elecon group 
order book and the company order book. How does that benefit us, if 
at all in any way.  
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  Can you clarify the question? 
Manan: 
Yes, so we've mentioned that our gear auto book is around 340 crores, 
MHE is 72 crores which totals to around 412 crores and we mentioned 
that the Elecon group was around 514 crores so the difference over 
here is around 102 crores. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  With group we mean Elecon India as well as overseas, nothing to do 
with other group companies. 
Manan: 
Oka, got it. Now my next question was on the retention money, so in 
our previous call we mentioned that the retention money was around 
250 odd crores and I think earlier in this call, you mentioned that the 
current retention money is around 100 crores. So, just wanted to 
confirm if there has been a release of 150 odd crores during the quarter 
and also we mentioned that by end of Q3 we will be net debt free. So, 
on that basis are we expecting 100 crores of free cash flows in Q3. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  So, for net debt free it is my overseas entities which will be net debt 
free before the Q3 of this financial year. 
Manan: 
Can you quantify what is the debt at the overseas subsidiaries. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  Presently our overseas subsidiaries having the debt of nearly 40 crores 
in terms of Indian Rupees before giving to set up before the end of this 
Q3. 
Manan: 
Okay and regarding the retention money because last quarter we 
mentioned around 250 crores and I think earlier in the call you 
mentioned as 100 crores 
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  Last time we would have mentioned both gear and MHE put together. 
Manan: 
Okay. So, the current retention money of 100 crores is only for the MHE 
divisions.  
Narasimhan Raghunathan:  Yes 
Manan: 
Okay. Thank you that will be all from my side 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Zaki Nasser. Please go in. 
Zaki Nasser: 
First of all, congrats to you and team Elecon for the fabulous 
performance this quarter. Sir, there are two questions I have. We are 
currently logging at 60% of our capacity utilization and in one of the last 
call mentioned that you are looking at maybe a different kind of usage 
for this additional capacity or space. Have you crystallized anything on 
that end. 

Prayasvin Patel: 
We have been able to crystallize that is not the point. The point is that 
we are looking for more orders from that area, where we are doing 
some trials with the railway business as well as other kinds of business 
where you have, as we term it as loose gears. See today our business 
consists of gears which are put in a gear box, which is the casing. Loose 
gears means where you have gear components which certain industries 
require, where you only sell the gear components, especially, let's say 
railways, so they buy only gear components. So, we are looking at gear 
business from the railway sector as well as others where we can supply 
lose gears to further enhance our capacity utilization but that is 
constantly on we have to do various trials, we have to go through an 
entire cycle which quite often takes a long period of time. 
Zaki Nasser: 
But in your opinion, so how large can this business be? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
The total potential would be around about 50 crores per year. 
Zaki Nasser: 
And right now our debt levels are around, maybe a little more than 200 
crores. I guess Elecon would close its long term borrowing but what 
level of working capital debt would you be comfortable in maintain in 
terms of maybe specific expansion or capacity utilization? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See our intention first of all is to become debt free whether it is long 
term loans or whether it is working capital. So the company will work 
towards that and as in when it requires any kind of infusion of money it 
will probably go to the market to get by other means except for taking 
loans, because there is a capex cycle, there could be acquisitions, there 
could be a whole lot of this which one would expand in. So, but the 
intention would be to remain debt free now in the future because we 
have seen a lot of ups and downs in the economic cycle and we had 
some tough times and we would like to see o it that we don’t go 
through the same mistakes that we have done in the past. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir one question general about the engineering industry, I mean, past 
three quarters we've seen a pretty volatile movement in the steel 
prices. How easy has this been to pass on to the consumer sir and what 
do you foresee going ahead from now about these prices and the effect 
on general products of the engineering industry?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Luckily, if you look at the our business especially which consist material 
handling and gear, if we were doing projects it would have been a 
situation because projects normally the prices are fixed or even the 
escalations if there are with the escalation formulas, you are not able to 
realize the complete increase or pass on the complete increase to the 
customer. So, luckily since we have not taken any project orders, we 
have not faced that those problems. As long as gears are concerned, 
yes, it does affect us but if we are careful then you can pass on the 
increases to your clients, which we have been able to do successfully 
this time. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Thanks a lot, and best wishes. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have a next question from Sunil Kothari. Please go 
ahead. 

Sunil Kothari: 
Thank you very much, good morning everyone, congratulation 
Prayasvin for such a good performance. Not just this quarter if I look at 
the last 3-4 year, the way we have change is really commendable, 
looking at reducing losses from material handling, increasing 
profitability in gear division, increasing profitability in external market 
outside Indian Territory.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Thank you very much. 
Sunil Kothari: 
My question is looking at profitability improvement, India is not much 
recovered and the capex cycle is improving. So, what are the reasons 
you will like to ascribe to this successful and very high profitability of 
our business division. I think one apparently use to be of course market 
but looking at your last 10 year efforts, our exports from India is not 
that sizable. So how do you look at this opportunity during next 3-5 
years and what type of size will you like to reach in terms of number in 
domestic or ability to penetrate international market.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
You are right Sunil. I would put it this way that we had ventured into 
areas where we had expected that we would get a large sum of 
business from the export and which is the reason why we had acquired 
these companies. But we had to reorient ourselves to this kind of 
marketing, as well as products which were slightly different from what 
the companies were selling in the past plus we had a huge setback in 
United States when we started off, we started off very enthusiastically 
hoping that we will be able to sell products all over the country in 
United States. We made losses in it, we had to retract ourselves change 
our strategy completely. We re-entered the market with a different 
strategy now we have been successful. So, it's been a big learning 
lesson which consumed a lot of time but going forward, you're 
expected to have very positive results. Believe that we can see the next 
few steps ahead which very fast. And if you look a year on year, our 
sales in United States has been increasing and so has it been even in 
Europe. I still believe that there is a lot to extract from those markets. 
We have just seen the tip of the iceberg. So there is a lot that can be 
done and going forward we will be keen to improvise and change our 
strategies if required to further pursue those markets and get bonuses, 
but I can tell you one thing that our teams which we have put in, 
especially in United States are very dedicated and committed. They 
have a lot of enthusiasm that they will be able to do much better, even 
in the future. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Prayasvin bhai can we aim or objective to reach 500 crores revenue 
from export from next 3-5-7 years, can those type of abilities can we 
keep.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes, once we stabilized with our margins and profitability and a bit of a 
performance, the future would be that we go and acquire more 
companies and do consolidation in Europe, and maybe if required even 
in the US, where you buy small companies put them all together so that 
your you are able to reduce your cost by consolidation. Look for 
additional markets through these companies and grow, which 
according to me has great potential. We were not able to do that in the 
past because of the financial problems that we went but I believe that 

is the future and that is what we need to pursue which will help us 
grow our domestic business in a big way because we will be able to 
manufacture out here and export.  
Sunil Kothari: 
My last question is, because of your so many experience and what 
many up downs you have seen, is the guidance to follow for the way 
you have created this empire. What is your thought process for next 3-
5 years, one is definitely you are not going to be any high debt 
organization. What you'd like to do in next 3-5 years which help us to 
keep this Elecon brand and Elecon organization for next 30-40 years. 
What's your objective over next 3-4 years, may be some consolidation 
of some small units of your, increasing your stake, any thoughts you 
would share on this thing.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
As I told you, in the gears to go in the future would be more 
acquisitions especially in Europe or in the Western nations, especially 
Americas, that is the one. The future also in because in the material 
handling business is where we have taken a backseat right now as long 
as projects are concerned. We have huge facilities which are available 
to us and we need to look at new products that we can look into in 
other kinds of businesses except material handling, we need to diversify 
into that. Right now the focus of the management is to see to it that we 
get debt free. The second aspect of the business would be how to 
utilise the facilities that we have in material handling to do other kinds 
of business and I believe that there is a good potential in the 
construction business which means in road building and in bridges. So, 
equipments that are required to manufacture roads, as well as to build 
roads, as well as to build bridges is what we should look at seriously 
and see to it that we get into that where we can supply these 
equipments to the builders and I believe that the way India is 
progressing on that side, there would be no recession coming in at least 
for a couple of years, which would give us time to stabilize in that 
business.  
Sunil Kothari: 
Great Sir. Wish you good luck and thanks a lot and we'll come back.  
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We'll take a question from a chat board says, why do you 
expect nil growth in top line for gearboxes business next year even 
assuming 100 crores goes out given the conducive environment in all 
your geographies. Shouldn't you be able to make up for it and even 
grow or do we mean similar top line FY23 is the very minimum we can 
commit. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
The Indian market is something that should go grow but today it is very 
difficult to say anything because of the COVID situation that is the 
situation world over. Today COVID is a wave which comes and goes and 
again comes back. So it is very difficult to predict what the future could 
be. But considering the fact that may have been conservative, 
considering the fact that though COVID had hit India as well as our area 
very badly in the beginning of the year, we were still able to operate 
and generate a turnover and meet with our targets. So, considering 
that we are very conservative, that is why we are saying that we will be 
able to maintain our figures and we are expecting that in the export we 
would be able to get at least 20-30% jump and we will be able to 

maintain our bottom lines and improve upon it. Those are the very 
conservative figures that we are trying to tell you. Again, hoping that 
COVID would not turn out to be very nasty. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. There's another question with ask, can you put some light 
on R&D expenditure going right now or expected to incur in next 
financial year and any positive impact you can have in exports due to 
current sources of electricity in China. This is from Chirag Jain. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
R&D expenses, according to me in our company would be almost 2-3% 
on continuous year on year basis. We continue to develop new models, 
new applications on a continuous basis and I can very proudly say that 
in the Indian environment there are very few companies who are doing 
the kind of R&D that we are and we continue do so and it is part of our 
DNA which means on a continuous basis we are showing things that has 
got a good potential to go and get us more business in the near future. 
The second half of the question I do not recollect apart from R&D, 
there was something else. 
Binay Sarda: 
Yeah, so any positive impact you can have in exports due to current 
shortage of electricity in China. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Unfortunately, we are not deeply penetrated into China, we have very 
negligible business in China. So we've not been able to pursue that 
aspect. However, the far eastern offices that we have, are aggressively 
trying but not to sure how successful we will because China is a very 
tricky market to penetrate. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the Vishal Prasad. Please 
go ahead. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Hi, sir. Few more questions for my side. So you talked about our US 
business and you talked about we need to look at smaller companies 
and probably will take over and you also mentioned that how we have 
put a new team together. So, could you talk about the challenges that 
we face in US market that we have to overcome through acquisitions?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
First of all, the biggest challenge we face in the beginning is the cultural 
gap that we have between the two countries. Though you can say that 
the whole world has become international and today it doesn't matter 
where you are, the Western and the international culture is more or 
less the same, but the people are different and we believe that when 
we talk to them also we feel the difference. Their understanding of 
what our requirements are, and what they do, are quite often different. 
We have found that it is better that we inject a few people of our 
company into that organization to see to it that the transition from 
what they were to what we want them to be becomes relatively simple, 
so that is a big challenge. A cultural change is a very big challenge and 
quite often the expectation that we have vis-a-vis what they feel they 
need to do are also quite different. So we've learned a lot as long as 
that is concerned. Retaining people right now is one of the biggest 
challenges that we are finding especially in Europe and United States 
because of the government giving a substantial compensation. We find 
that people are jumping jobs very fast.  

Vishal Prasad: 
Sir my question was more from acquisition perspective. You mentioned 
that we would have to look at positions. So is there a gap in our 
capability that we are trying to address through acquisitions?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
No, see the gap is reaching out to the different markets. What we 
found out is that when you try to export from here the conversation 
happens through emails and there's exchange of data. But actually 
when people from their own country go and meet them and talk to 
them and quite often those clients, if they have met them before and 
have transacted business with them, their sense of comfort is quite 
high and that helps them back more business. So if you acquire 
companies who operate locally and if they go and meet the customers 
in that area, the chances of success become extremely, which is the 
reason why you need to do this.  
Vishal Prasad: 
Sure. Last question is, in the past, we've talked about opportunities in 
railways. So do we still see opportunities there and what how large that 
would be?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
We have found that the domestic market in railway is very competitive 
and there is cutthroat competition. The margins are not healthy enough 
for us to penetrate into that area but railway business is a huge 
business internationally. So, one needs to penetrate into that area and 
we are looking at the European market, whether we can penetrate into 
that market with some kind of alliance  
Vishal Prasad: 
Okay, and is there anything happening on pipe conveyor side?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
No, pipe conveyors as I told you would become a project and therefore 
right now all we tried to do is people who get orders for pipe 
conveyers, we've tried to supply them products.  
Vishal Prasad: 
Okay. Sir, you mentioned about MHE business where we are trying to 
get into manufacturing equipments for this construction. So, could you 
talk about the products that we would be manufacturing there, have 
we finalized anything? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Right now, nothing has been finalized. We see a good potential in that 
area. One needs to explore and evaluate everything before jumping, so 
it still in the very Exploratory stage.  
Vishal Prasad: 
Okay. Thank you Sir. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from Kartik. Please state your 
institution name. 
Kartik: 
Wanted to understand prospects in US business better both for 
catalogue products as well as custom built products. And if you have to 
give some kind of goal post for FY24 separately for different region, 
Europe separately and US separately, some thoughts would be 
interesting    
Prayasvin Patel: 
We believe that we should be able to grow by 25-40% in the US market 
year on year. The reason is that we have just at the tip of the iceberg, 
there is a huge potential which resides out there and there s a huge 
requirement because it’s a very large county, highly industrialised and 
the potential is very high.  

Kartik: 
I was also asking some thoughts on custom built versus standardise 
product? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
The requirements are both but I would say that the custom built would 
have better prospects because the competition would be far less and 
we would find ourselves to be more competitive. 
Kartik: 
In your assessment what would be your primary competitive 
advantage, assuming cost would be the primary driver in any case for 
someone in India. What else would you say your primary cost 
advantage? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
The primary advantage is that, our product range is one of the largest 
you can find in anywhere in the world. We make from a pin to an 
elephant, as long as gears are concerned. So the advantage when you 
go to the client is that everything that he requires, he can get it from 
one source, that is one. Second thing is, that all our products lines that 
we have, we have tremendous amount of experience in those areas 
because in all our product line in India we are more or less number one, 
which means we have the highest sale in the country. So, that has given 
us a vast amount of experience. So, for any applications, we are able to 
find solutions for the client and therefore, the US clients become highly 
impressive that, we've understood the problem and we've given a 
solution which suits them and because we've given those solutions in 
the past of a similar kind, they feel fairly confident. 
Kartik: 
Is there a risk at all that local manufacturing would be mandated in the 
US at any point in time, sir?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
No, not at all.  
Kartik: 
Secondly, sir, and I'll stop myself after this which is you spoke for about 
certain front end acquisitions I assume in Europe. Would these be small 
tickets like 1-2 millions or would you be larger in size? Just trying to 
think about, what kind of capital commitments would you have to 
make for these acquisitions? Would these be small acquisitions or large 
acquisitions? I'm just trying to understand some scale perspective.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
They won't be a million or two because you can't buy a company in a 
million or two. But I would say it would be around 20 million kind of 
thing, by 100-200 crores company or 300 crores. 
Kartik: 
And what do you get for that, sir, in return. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
First of all you get an access to that market which is the most important 
thing and you get marketing manpower, as well as you get an 
advantage that you will be able to transfer a lot of the manufacturing to 
India. 
Kartik: 
What would the scale current scale of operations for such a valuation 
be like?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
It's difficult to say? It will depend on case to case basis.  
Kartik: 
Right and are there technology gaps that you would also want to fill 
with this or would it be largely front end focused?  
 

Prayasvin Patel: 
You should be proud to know that there are no technological gaps 
within Elecon we have over a period of time because we are 
continuously doing R&D, we are continuously evaluating ourselves and 
as I told you, we have one of the largest product lines that any 
company has. If you benchmark ourselves there is only one company in 
the world who has such a wide product range that we have and they 
don't do marine business. So what I'm trying to tell you is that we have 
everything under the sun which is available with us, it is up to date and 
it is the most want. So, there is nothing that we need to acquire from 
someone as a matter of fact, if we acquire even a European company, 
we can give them no harm.  
Kartik: 
Last question please indulge me. Assuming that in the next 2-3 years 
time, the business grows to 2000 crores. Is there a chance at all that 
your assembly line is rusty because you're not used to that scale of 
operations?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, it may be that we may have to change it but today we have the 
potential to design it ourselves and to take care of those requirements.  
Kartik: 
Wonderful to hear your comments, sir. Thanks and very best wishes.  
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. I will now hand it over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you sir.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Thank you. First of all, I need to thank all of you for showing large 
amount of interest in the company. All I can tell you is that we on the 
path of recovery, what has been stopping us from achieving in the past 
year, we have been able to overcome that. The inflows of orders have 
been healthy, our team is geared up to produce and meet with the 
targets on monthly and on a quarterly basis. Apart from that we believe 
that as soon as we are able to reduce and restructured the debt, the 
profits will be further accumulating and we would be able to show even 
better results. So the material handling problems that were there, we 
are able to slowly and gradually overcome those. And now I can say 
that hardly a small amount or let's say a small part of the tail is left out 
before it goes out of the door. Almost everything is taken care of and 
we see very healthy and god future. Thank you all and I wish you have a 
pleasant day. 
 
