Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
Q2 FY2022 and H1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH BHATWAL - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NITIRAJ ENGINEERS LIMITED 
MR. KAILAS AGRAWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
NITIRAJ ENGINEERS LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH SHARMA - SENIOR MANAGER FINANCE - 
NITIRAJ ENGINEERS LIMITED 
MR. PIYUSH AGARWAL - STRATEGY CONSULTANT - 
NITIRAJ ENGINEERS LIMITED 
MS. PRACHI BHATWAL - NITIRAJ ENGINEERS LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nitiraj Engineers Limited Q2 FY2022 and H1 
FY2022 business and financial performance conference call. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Bhatwal - Chairman 
& Managing Director – Nitiraj Engineers Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Nitiraj Engineers Limited Earnings Conference Call 
for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021. I would like to begin by 
expressing my gratitude to you all for taking the time to join us. On the call with me today are 
Mr. Kailas Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ashish Sharma, Senior Manager Finance, Mr. 
Piyush Agarwal, Strategy Consultant, my daughter Ms. Prachi Bhatwal who joined us in the 
business for few years back and closely works with R&D team and Bridge-IR, our Investor 
Relations team. 
To begin we have come a long way since inception and crossed several milestones over the 
recent past. Today, we are among the leading manufacturers of Electronic Weighing Scaling and 
Systems, Digital Fare Meters and we cover 30 years of experience in the industry. 
Based in Dhule, Maharashtra, Nitiraj Engineers began its journey in the year 1989 and has 
emerged as a dominant player in India with strong and wide geographic presence. Owing to our 
focused efforts, the company enjoys the premium market solution in this space. In line with our 
strategy, we continue to expand our footprint with focus on market penetration and sustained 
investments in business and development to support progress. We continually strive to identify 
new avenues of growth and effective utilization of existing resources. Being a technology driven 
company, product innovation is the key to resume our desired vision. We have a strong and 
efficient in-house R&D team who continuously focus on knowledge and skill upgradation. 
Along with this as our strength, I would also like to add that the manufacturing facility has 
technologically advanced machineries and most importantly I would like to add that we are zero 
debt company. Our new state of the art manufacturing facility based in Dhule in Maharashtra is 
spread across 8 acres. The facility has been divided into four buildings, tool room and 
moulding shop, main factory building, canteen building and printing unit and administration 
office with a production capacity of about 4000 machines per day. 
This manufacturing facility produces diverse range of products ranging from industrial range, 
commercial range, jewellery range, healthcare range and household range in Electronic 
Weighing Scales to Electronic Fare Meters for autorickshaws and taxis, Currency Counting 
Machines and Home and Hotel automation. Along with this, the company also has wide and 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 11 
diversified distribution network of about 400 dealers across India and 19 branch offices across 
Maharashtra, Odisha and Chhattisgarh catering to more than 10 lakhs satisfied customers and 
counties. Along with branch offices and dealers network, our company has also entered the 
online space to capture the untapped customers who prefer buying products online. 
Talking about the key recent business developments in marketing, we have started three new 
branch offices in Bhubaneswar, Sonepur and Padampur in Odisha state. These branches are 
involved in sales of all the product ranges as we expect good sales growth from here. We held a 
training program on sales mix meet in Odisha in September, which was attended by 35 members 
of our Odisha branch network team, training of our newly launch products like new handing 
weighing scales, new bench weighing scales, audio door phone and a few more were conducted. 
Along with this the sales team was appreciated and given awards based on their performances. 
When the Deepavali sales season commenced on August 1, 2021, we have offered lucrative 
incentive schemes for our marketing team to boost their morale. In R&D, we have done a lot of 
advancement in our jewellery scales that is gold model, which has give an increased speed of 
weighing while offering the same accuracy, improving our electromagnetic weighing balance 
NLB range models continuously based on market feedback and suggestions, our R&D and design 
team has been working to launch three new models, new bench weighing scale, new hanging 
weighing scale and Video Door Phones in the near future. 
From an overall business perspective we will now take you through the financial performance of 
the company. Now coming to our standalone financial performance Q2 financial year 2022, our 
company achieved revenue of 8.78 Crores reducing 24.56% year-on-year. This is mainly since 
we had no new government orders during the year second quarter. EBITDA stood at Rs.0.71 
Crores as against Rs.1.5 Crores in the previous corresponding period. Continued fixed expenses 
incurred combined with lower sales lead to contraction in margins. PAT for Q2 financial year 
2022 is at negative Rs.0.05 Crores as compared to a profit of Rs.0.69 Crores in Q2 financial year 
2021. Q2 financial 2022 EPS stood at negative Rs.0.05. 
Turing to the half year financial year 2022 financial results, in H1 FY2022 our company 
achieved revenue of 13.77 Crores decrease in 26.41% year-on-year, this is mainly due to no new 
government orders coming during this period; however, our branch and dealership sales 
increased during this half year. EBITDA stood at Rs.1.04 Crores as against Rs.0.10 Crores in the 
previous corresponding period. Continued fixed expenses incurred during this period impacted 
profit margins. PAT for H1 financial year 2022 is at negative Rs.0.45 Crores as compared to a 
profit of Rs.0.18 Crores in H1 financial year 2021. H1 financial year 2022 EPS stood at negative 
Rs.0.44. That is all from our side. We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is 
from the line of Rohan Mehta an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Rohan Mehta: 
Good morning, Sir and good morning everybody. I just had some questions, you mentioned about 
some new products in the pipeline, which sound quite exciting, so as of now I just wanted to ask 
which are the current top 2 to 3 products in your view, which are contributing most to the 
revenue and once the new products you spoke about launch commercially after that maybe a year 
or two later, what kind of product mix can we see and by then what would be the top two, three 
revenue for us in terms of these new products as per the year or two? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
The new products, which are supposed to be coming up, one is our smaller weighing scale of 
about 60 kg capacity, NBW-30/60 is the modern length which was demanded highly in the 
markets since long time and as I had mentioned that R&D was working on it, but here I can tell 
you that this product is successfully launched in October and we have got very overwhelming 
results already in the current quarter of October to December and the sales are increasing. 
Product number two, hanging scale, which should be having cheaper price and that should have 
been made up ABS, we were working on this for almost 12 months and that product is also 
already launched in October and that is also doing very good in the market. Third product we are 
still working on Video Door Phones and we are expecting to be launched by November end or 
December first week itself which going to create a lot of waves in the market because there is a 
lot of enquiries pending for Videos Door Phones, recently we participated in two exhibitions one 
at Jalgaon and one at Aurangabad we have got a lot enquiries for the Videos Door Phones. 
Product number four, we are now working on the Cash Register or electronic billing machines it 
is called as and that product may take about three to four months for launching, we are trying our 
best to launch it at March end so that all our existing customers, shopkeepers would start using 
our billing machines. 
Rohan Mehta: 
That is great news. All these products the ones you mentioned in October, so what kind of 
marketing expenses were incurred for that and for the ones that would be launched in the near 
future, what would be a rough marketing budget for these? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Mr. Rohan, basically the two products we have already launched in October as I mentioned, it did 
not require any additional efforts or expenses because we are directly absorbed by our existing 
marketing network itself, our dealers and branch network, because these products are directly 
contributing to our commercial product range. So we did not have to do much in fact these 
products are developed by the feedbacks from the market that these products are required and for 
the video door phones, we are going to have a marketing strategy altogether since video door 
phone is about to get completed, will add a complete range of home and hotel automation product 
mainly access control, remote control door lock and bluetooth door lock, audio door phone, video 
door phone and there we are going to start marketing strengthening for this consumer product 
maybe from December onwards and we have a budget of roughly about 80 lakhs to 1 Crores to 
be spent by March ending 2022. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Understood, Sir about the new factory when did operations commence and currently what would 
be the capacity utilization in that new facility? 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
We started actually producing products over a year in January 2020, it is almost 20 months now, 
see we can manufacture roughly about 4000 scales per day in case if we get bigger government 
orders, at present we have got an utilization maybe up to 50% to 60% of the installed capacity. 
Rohan Mehta: 
If more orders come in then it can be serviced from the existing facility up to 40% to 50% more 
right? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Exactly, yes. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sir, we opened some new branches especially in Odisha, any particular reason why and are we 
seeing more demand from that state or those regions in terms of geographical split also if you 
could just share some information? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Sure, running a branch network is a very serious job in nutshell if I tell you, mainly because the 
teamwork and bringing your branch into profit ratio takes some time, so basically Odisha, 
Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra are the three states where they are running our branch network 
successfully and maintaining the profit ratio of branch operations. The people who get trained out 
of the existing branch itself we promote them further and putting the branches in two areas, 
nowadays actually weighing scale has become a product, which is bought online I mean to say 
off the shelf, the customers want the weighing scale as soon as they enter into the office they 
want it ready. So there are many tehsils or smaller places let us say in places in Odisha say for 
example, we have a branch at one district headquartered in Bhubaneswar, it is catering 100 
kilometer radius, so the customers would demand weighing scale from different smaller tehsil 
areas, they do not get it off shelf so to eliminate this problem, we have pin pointed certain places 
where we should have our branch office and we should have a ready stock to satisfy the 
customers demand. That is the reason we started offices in Odisha. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Understood, Sir, also are the top states would be the top regions in terms of our demand if we 
look a geographical split of revenue in India, states be in the top two, three in terms of demand? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Number one is Maharashtra, then come Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Understood, Sir. Any plans we have like west to east central belt which is our key demand area 
by chance any scope of expanding further down south or in the north any of the new states are we 
looking or already demand is sufficient? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Today our marketing network is comprises of about 400 dealers and 19 branch offices, we are 
into each and every district of India led by even northeastern states from Jammu Kashmir to 
Kanyakumari and Dwarika to West Bengal everywhere we are there is our presence, but then as 
rightly we have worked out some certain statistical data where we feel that certain states we need 
to focus more and we are going to appoint new team and of course after the marketing effort 
starts it will take time may be six months to a year for the results to start coming in, but we are 
going to start on certain areas among marketing guy and we are trying to keep that area that will 
contribute in coming season. 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Rohan Mehta: 
Fair enough, surely. Sir, it is quite huge dealer network that you already have, so just the last 
question I wanted to ask, are we looking at online channels for sales also? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, already started online. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Any sort of view on what kind, how much share we can see of revenue coming in from online 
channels because maybe expenses might be a little less in sales going through online channels 
would that be sufficient? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
We have started online and not only online, we had also started digital marketing comprises of 
advertisement on Facebook, LinkedIn and Whatsapp etc., and we have appointed expert team in 
our head office which comprised of about 15 people, 15 professionals and we have increased the 
sales roughly about 18 to 20 lakhs a month by doing this digital marketing and online also we 
have started selling our person weighing scales, currency counting machines on Amazon, and in 
fact this is recently started mainly about 2 or 4 months back we are just trying to gather the 
feedback and now we can improve it further. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Thank you for bearing with me for so many questions, just one last one, home and hotel 
automation related sector is also quite relatively in a nascent stage, it is new so do we see any sort 
of projections of so what we can expect from that particular subsegment hotel and home 
automation? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Basically home and hotel automation this is facing not to the consumer electronics, I always had 
a wish when we talk about electronic weighing scale is more or less sold in the commercial, but 
that when it comes to home and hotel automation we are trying our best to increase the consumer 
electronics, we are really not experienced so far in handling the consumer products marketing, 
but now as the products are getting almost all developed and have installed more than about 350 
to 400 installations have already done in the one year time or so, and there are lot of different 
enquiries are coming in, we are very sure because this market is very big, so we are going to plan 
our marketing strategies that how we are going to handle with this and I am personally very much 
positive about growing the market in this segment. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Alright, sure, Sir. Thank you so much and all the best. If I have anymore questions I will rejoin 
and thank you and all the best, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Redkar an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Good afternoon, Sir. I have a couple of questions can you give revenue in terms of each segment? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
It will be from April to September half yearly current financial year commercial range and its 
revenue of roughly about 10.62 Crores roughly about 77.12% the total revenue, the currency 
counting machines is 1.03 Crores roughly about 7.5%, the jewellery range is 96.43 lacs roughly 
about 7%, the healthcare product is at about 39.59 lakhs that is about 2.88%, home automation 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 11 
and hotel automation is roughly about 280000 roughly about 0.2% and mechanical scale is 
roughly about 60000, 0.4%, the mechanical scales are mainly sold to the government segment 
that is as for to 100%. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, our revenue had decreased 24% in the coming quarter as compared to the last quarter, so 
what basically is the reason and you can see other percentage of sales, our employee expense and 
the other expenses have increased despite decrease in the sale, so I just wanted to know more 
about it? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
I will answer your questions in two parts, first is on the reducing our revenue, Aniket Ji actually 
what happens is the government business is one of the very important parts of our business and 
government’s business comes in only after September-October every year. Last year when you 
see the revenue was more mainly because the previous year’s March ending orders were added 
into last year first half because of the lockdown whatever orders we have got in March 2020 were 
exhibited in May 2020 that is the reason first half yearly sale was more, this time we are 
expecting very good government business in coming time maybe in the next 4 or 5 months till 
this financial year gets over and we are very sure that that will recover, when it comes to our 
expenses we are trying to reduce, step by step, by planning a lot of strategies, we are planning to 
close down our Himachal operation, which is still going on and we will be shifting completely, 
we are shifting to our Dhule manufacturing units by phase by phase, so the last phase is still 
pending. Once we shut down Parwanoo factory definitely the expenses would be controlled 
further. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, what are our terms of business would be government I mean are we facing any payment 
difficulty and what basically the payment cycle looks like currently? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
There is no terms what we can actually define to the government, every tender has got different 
tendering conditions, but roughly it takes about 3 months’ time for recovering our outstanding 
from the government, so roughly say 2 months after getting the order for delivering the goods I 
mean manufacturing, transporting and installing all these things takes about 2 months time and 
may be by the time with our complete payments it takes further 3 months, so it is roughly for 
order days to recovering all the payments takes about 5 months time. 
Aniket Redkar: 
As you talk about the Parwanoo factory so it is operational? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, it is operation. 
Aniket Redkar: 
If it is operational then what kind of product we manufacture over there? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
We are manufacturing all kind of table top models over there and the rest the complete range of 
sizes is already shifted in Dhule manufacturing unit. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, our other income is also increased substantially in the coming quarter, so what does it 
comprise of? 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Other income increase due to added income from sales of assets, we have sold our Nagpur branch 
with the income of Rs.13.52 lakhs during the period. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, there is a short-term borrowing of Rs.6 Crores and that has been taken from working capital 
requirement? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Yes, we are utilizing our working capital limits at present, and I am very sure it would be almost 
zero in coming 2 to 3 months because now since we are at our peak business period we have got 
a new stock of our finished products and the products are getting sold and they are recovering 
very fast. 
Aniket Redkar: 
What is the impact of lock down on our current working capital cycle? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Actually, Mr. Aniket you must have read the news or you must be aware that this particular 
lockdown due to COVID impacted very adversely on semiconductor industries worldwide, you 
must have heard that automobile industry also got badly affected because nonavailability of ICs 
or chips, you know because it was automobile industry the whole world came to know about the 
crisis in the semiconductor industry, so we basically we as the product manufacturer we also had 
to go through this and we had to stock lot of ICs in advance from different suppliers almost all 
over the world may be from US, Taiwan and all etc., so that is the reason little more working 
capital was used for sourcing electronic components heavily not to face problems and there is a 
situation wherein we have business, but we are not able to produce the product or not able to 
make the product because of short of raw material, that is the reason you have store little more 
inventory and effect of lockdown was we had to have higher inventory little more from our 
working capital. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Malpani an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Malpani: 
Mr. Rajesh, good afternoon. I have a question. Since you are mentioning that there has been a 
reduction in revenue, is there a special strategy you guys are following for government orders and 
specially the trade orders both I can see there is a dip in both trade side and also government 
orders, and you mentioned that you are expecting some upsurge in that so can you just let us 
know what is the strategy you are following on that? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Mr. Sanjay, first of all I like to tell you that there is no fall in our commercial sales, I mean 
business other than government has grown up, last year half yearly it was 12.07 Crores and this 
year is 12.71 Crores so as long as our branches and dealers are concerned it is improving in spite 
of having hassles because of the lockdown and all that, when it comes to government business, 
we already have a separate team. We are working with the team for almost 15 years now and we 
are fine for different kind of tenders which are coming up, I am very sure if you generally see the 
trend of over kind of business first half year revenues up to September end our revenues are 
always less, very much like and October to March is the time it is like T-20 match we recovered 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 11 
in the last dead overs that is how it goes for us, so it is the time that we are also looking out for a 
very good kind of business coming in from government and I am sure that will recover. 
Sanjay Malpani: 
Have you ever done any kind of a mapping for you any market shares on the various products? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Any kind of, sorry? 
Sanjay Malpani: 
Mapping on the market share? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Sorry, Mr. Sanjay, I cannot understand you question can you elaborate? 
Sanjay Malpani: 
I mean what is the market share of our product of your company in this particular segment? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Actually there are too many people who are manufacturing this product now. Overall market is 
quite big, but when it comes to a single manufacturer market share as I can tell you that we are 
one of the top market shareholders in this electronic weighing scale business, whatever is our 
turnover is about 55 Crores to 60 Crores for the last 2 to 4 years you can see, this is one of the 
highest turnover was seen in the electronic weighing business in India by a single company. 
Sanjay Malpani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a followup question from the line of Aniket Redkar an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, my question was, can you give working capital days, debtor days, creditor days and 
inventory days? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
I believe you want it for the current half yearly April to September end? 
Aniket Redkar: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
The inventory days is roughly about 271, which is very high. The reason and I spoke to you in 
our previous conversations mainly because we had to purchase lot of extra inventory depending 
on the lock down situation, debtor days is about 37.85 and creditor days are about 17.01 so total 
working capital days for April to September 2021 were about 299.56. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, from our portfolio which brands or the product are getting higher EBITDA margin? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
If you want to really know which products get filed in EBITDA margins, I can tell you. Expenses 
to sales ratio is basically profit ratio and that keeps on varying, so the highest EBITDA what we 
get is what are all the new products which we are developing now at present there we are holding 
better margins, they are  technologically more advanced product so definitely the prices can be 
high and more value addition. Typically like our newly launched EMFR range, Electromagnetic 
is post restoration is very high since it is high sensitive analytics balances, they are having better 
EBITDA margin and for jewellery are having better EBITDA margins and the regular scales are 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 11 
manufactured by many, but even then our brand PHOENIX definitely people demand for and we 
are having okay, okay margin in this. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, there is a difference between the consolidated PAT and standalone PAT so have we partnered 
with any other company? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Actually in consolidated we had profit at loss of our associate company that is Hyper Drive 
Technologies Private Limited, in Banglore as well as USA. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, NLB series basically it is a finished product right, so what kind of future would do we see in 
this product and what kind of potential margin we can earn from this? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Aniket Ji, NLB Series is the products which give the accuracy up to 0.0001 or 0.1 mg and it is 
mainly used by all kinds of laboratories, industries, pharma sectors, chemical sectors and also it 
has got a lot of demand in the government segment. This particular product is a highly technical 
product, it is like a lab equipment and it is not very easily copied or manufactured by smaller size 
manufacturers. We worked on this for almost 5 years now and we have this product a year back, 
already sold about 350 to 400 pieces and got very good response from the market, these 
particular range also has got accuracy of 1 milligram and 10 milligram, 1 milligram is also used 
by the industries, jewellers, goldsmith and lot of other showroom of gold and silver, 10 milligram 
balance is also used by the laboratories and silver traders, this is a company complete different 
marketing segment. We are trying our best to improve upon our marketing segments here, 
marketing efforts in this particular range, we are looking out for a quite a big addition into yearly 
turnover over a period of time roughly it should be adding lot may be about 15 Crores yearly 
after two years down the line. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, two questions under make in India campaign are you getting any advantage? Do we have any 
further plan of taking advantages from make in India campaign? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
No, we have not done anything in make in India campaign. In fact we have applied for the central 
government subsidy and state government subsidy for the new plant we started at Dhule and our 
projects have been sanctioned by the central government as an electronic manufacturing project 
in India as we are looking for a lot of advantages because of this. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, last question any specific plans for the company as you mentioned about your daughter 
Prachi, is she planning to carry forward with the business? 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
Prachi is working full time with us and she is online right now. She is listening to our 
conversation also. She is qualified engineer in electronics and she has been working. Well, I am 
not very sure whether she will be succeeding as a successor for this, but we have a lot of 
professionals working in this organization and it is not kind of a family business I would say. 
There are lots of professionals working in different level and I believe that people are there who 
will be handling this unit in the future. 

 
 
 
 
 Nitiraj Engineers Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Aniket Redkar: 
Thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rajesh Bhatwal for closing comments. Over to you, Sir! 
Rajesh Bhatwal: 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank each member of Nitiraj Engineers family. I would 
like to thank our clients, creditors, banks, Financial institutions and other stakeholders. For any 
further queries or information please get in touch with our Investor Relations Team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nitiraj Engineers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
