Keva 
November 15, 2021 
To 
To 
The Manager 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Setvices 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 539450 
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
Deat Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Submission of transcript of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requitements} Regulations, 
2015, we are enclosing the transcript of Q2 & H1 FY 22 Earnings conference call for investors and 
analysts organized by the Company on Monday, November 01, 2021 at 11:00 A.M. IST. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For S H Kelkar and 
Company Limited 
    
Deepti Chandratre 
Company Secretary & GM Legal 
Enck As Above 
  
S H Kelkar And Company Limited 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai 
- 400 O80. 
Tel 
: +91 22 2167 7777 
Regd. Office 
: Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaidas Road, Mumbai - 400 O02. CINDIA) 
Phone 
: (022) 2206 96 09 & 2201 91 30 / Fax 
: (022) 2208 12 04 
www.keva.co.in 
CIN No. L74999MH1955PLCO09593

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
S H Kelkar & Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 1, 2021 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to S H Kelkar and Company 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and over to you. 
Anoop Poojari 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on SH Kelkar and 
Company Limited Q2 & H1 FY ’22 Earnings Conference Call. We with us Mr. Kedar 
Vaze – Whole-time Director and Group CEO; Mr. Shrikant Mate – EVP; and Mr. 
Rohit Saraogi – EVP and Group CFO designate of the Company. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from the Management following which 
we will have the forum open for question-and-answer session. Before we start, I 
would like to point out that some statements made in today’s call will be forward-
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to 
make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze 
Good Morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our Q2 FY22 earnings call 
to discuss the operating and financial performance for the quarter and the first half 
of this year. We have reported a steady performance in the first half of the fiscal. 
Our European business registered healthy growth on back of higher consumption 
and demand during this period. On a consolidated basis, our revenue from 
operations in H1 grew by 31% on a year-on-year basis and on a like-to-like basis, 
by 15% year-on-year. H1 FY2021 result included consolidation of CFF for only two 
months - August and September, so on a like-to-like basis, CFF’s core fragrance 
business grew by 39% in H1 and it maintains a two-year CAGR of more than 10%. 
The Emerging Market sales grew by 9% during the first half of the year. In the 
quarter, revenues from operations stood at Rs. 358.3 crore as against Rs. 351.9 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
crore for Q2FY21. This muted performance was on back of a challenging macro-
economic environment witnessed in the Emerging Markets and a higher base 
effect of Q2 last year. 
In the corresponding period last year, we had witnessed pent-up demand in various 
Health and Hygiene segment with new entrants in the category. This has 
subsequently come back to normal traction. In addition, Southeast Asia business 
was mostly impacted due to continued spread of COVID-19 and intermittent 
lockdown. Overall, emerging market’s revenue stood at Rs. 276.1 crore as 
compared to Rs. 313.7 crore in Q2 FY2021.  
On the raw materials front, we continue to witness cost pressure on account of 
global inflation in raw materials. Our inventory policy, better product mix, and our 
ability to pass on price increases helped us to minimize the impact on margins. 
Gross margins stood at around 41% in Q2 and H1 FY’22. EBITDA margins on a 
like-to-like basis including other income stood at 15.8% in Q2 & H1 FY22, 
respectively. EBITDA margin impact was also on account of lower revenues in the 
Emerging Market. In order to efficiently mitigate cost pressure and to normalize our 
operating margins, we are working with our customers to undertake further price 
hikes in the future. Overall, we are monitoring the raw material situation that has 
been evolving in the recent past. 
Our reported PAT in H1 has come at Rs. 103.5 crore with PAT margins at 14.4%. 
In this quarter, there was a one-time exceptional loss of Rs. 6.2 crore due to flood 
wherein the Mahad facility operations were disturbed and an equal amount is 
recoverable from the insurance Company. Accordingly, the Company is in process 
of filing business interruption claim in the coming quarter. However, for Q2, this 
cost has been taken as an exceptional cost. Q1 FY22 included the reversal of 
additional tax provisioning aggregating to Rs. 64.5 crore consequent to the ITAT 
order. Adjusting for this, our PAT stood in H1 at Rs. 45.2 crore. In addition, we 
expect somewhere between Rs. 8 to Rs. 9 crore of insurance claim in the future 
quarters. With that, our PAT will be Rs. 54 crore for the first half of the year.  
From a consolidated balance sheet perspective, our net debt stood at Rs. 347 
crore as on September 30, 2021, compared with Rs. 334 crore as on June 30, 
2021. This increase in debt was primarily due to higher working capital on inventory 
in the current environment. 
In another development, the Board, at its meeting on Friday, has approved the 
buyback of SHK’s fully paid equity shares of face value 10 each at ₹ 210 per equity 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
share through a tender offer route. The total amount of buyback size will be a 
maximum of Rs. 60.9 crore. The Company proposes to buyback 29 lakh shares at 
the offer price representing 9.64% and 6.65% of the aggregate of the total paid-up 
equity share capital and free reserves of the Company based on the audited 
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company respectively as 
of March 31, 2021. This signifies our confidence in both the balance sheet and our 
future cash flow over the medium to long term. 
The health and safety of our employees and community has been a key focus area 
for us. I am pleased to share that all our employees and their families have been 
fully vaccinated. We had also extended the vaccination drive to employees’ 
relatives and secondary manpower and their relatives. Following this, we have fully 
resumed office from September 15 onwards with all necessary safety protocols in 
place. 
To conclude, we are seeing recovery in the domestic macroeconomic environment. 
There are indications that consumption in the country will strengthen in the months 
ahead. With improving economic indicators and the upcoming festive season, we 
are optimistic that the demand environment will pick up for the second half of this 
year. Overall, we are encouraged with a healthy client engagement and enquiries 
across Emerging and European market. Our focus remains on adopting and 
keeping pace with the changing external environment. Looking forward, we will be 
undertaking efforts to grow and invest in the high potential Emerging and European 
markets, which we believe will fuel up business momentum. In a normal demand 
environment, we are confident that our emphasis on growth will enable us to report 
healthy performance going forward.  
Before I close, I would like to once again thank Shrikant Mate for his contribution to 
the growth of SH Kelkar and wish him best in his retirement. In the last couple of 
months, Rohit and Shrikant have worked closely to ensure a smooth transition. 
Rohit will formally take charge as the Group CFO with effect on November 15, 
2021.  
With that, I now request the Moderator to open the forum for any questions or 
suggestions that people would have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from 
IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Bhavesh Chauhan 
Sir, would like to know about our margin performance, from last quarter our 
EBITDA margins have fallen from 20% to 15% and we are seeing quite a bit rise in 
input cost as I understand across many industries. So, going forward, what is our 
outlook on margin, are we taking any pricing action or something? 
Kedar Vaze 
We are now looking at scenario pretty much like hyper-inflation on some of the 
commodities. We are working closely with our clients and looking at undertaking 
price hikes in the months to come. However, we will be in a better position to focus 
on absolute EBITDA and absolute margin rather than relative percentage margin 
as the sales price will get distorted quarter-on-quarter in the upcoming two-three 
quarters. Given this situation, we will also be updating regularly in a couple of 
weeks when we have clarity on where the raw material pricing remains. I expect 
that the situation should be normal by end of the fiscal, so April or May, we will see 
the normalcy in terms of ratios but till that time in two-three quarters, we will be 
required to focus mainly on the absolute margin and absolute profit without looking 
at the percentage on sales as that number will get distorted. 
Bhavesh Chauhan 
Secondly sir how is the demand environment currently and are we seeing any new 
order backlog or you know new clients that we have added in the last three months 
or so? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think the demand environment is pretty normal at this point, in fact,it is quite 
healthy. Given the festival and recovery post July-August, I think from September 
second half, we have seen good recovery in demand. Obviously, the demand 
recovery is one side of the story and we are now looking at the raw material 
situation so that we balance the growth and the margin profile. 
Bhavesh Chauhan 
Sir, lastly I would like to ask Management on their views on capital allocation. Sir, 
we have some debt in our books and then we are going for a buyback and also 
there could be opportunities for inorganic growth. So by doing a buyback are we 
saying that we are not going to repay debts in a very meaningful way and also 
there is no further inorganic growth strategy that the Company is looking for? 
Kedar Vaze 
There are a couple of points, one is that last year onwards, we have been 
maintaining very low ratio of profit distribution given the uncertainty around the 
pandemic.  We are now in a post-pandemic situation and there is no extra need of 
conserving cash. We do not see any set of complete stoppage of business 
happening, so we are now restoring back our confidence in the cash flows and 
distributing the profit as per the profit distribution policy. In addition, we have had a 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
one-time gain of Rs. 64 odd crore in the first quarter as a result of a tax refund. So 
this is getting passed through to the shareholders via proposed buyback  
On the debt side, most of the debt in terms of the quantum is in Europe, largely 
towards acquisition and working capital, either in  Euro or US Dollars, and the 
interest rate continues to be a very low , so we are comfortable to maintain the 
current debt level and continue to grow the business from here on. It does not 
make very big sense to reduce the debt in the European markets where their 
interest rates are very low. 
Bhavesh Chauhan 
The last question from my side, what is the sales growth that we would be looking 
forward to in the next let us say three to five years? 
Kedar Vaze 
We are committed to 12% CAGR growth. I do not see any change there on the 
business in the long term. We obviously will have quarter-on-quarter ups and 
downs due force majeure or different kind of environmental and economic factors 
but we are committed to 12% CAGR growth in the mid-to-long term. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia 
I just have two questions. My first question is largely on the RM side, so if you can 
just give some perspective in terms of RM inflation which we are seeing. What kind 
of further inflation we expect? So in Q2 we would have taken some price increase 
and coming into the October-November, have we taken any further price increase 
which covers the inflation? I am asking this because if we look at our competition, 
especially the MNC players and the industry in India, they have started this whole 
policy of surcharge to account for freight and exceptional RM inflation and that has 
been going on for last one or two quarters, so for us where are we positioned in 
terms of pass through of raw material inflation, so that is one. Second is on the 
Mahad thing, we have been having this kind of problems repeatedly for last few 
years, so any thought on supply chain diversification just to mitigate this risk in the 
future? 
Kedar Vaze 
I can answer both the questions, on the raw material inflation, we are working with 
our clients on an ongoing basis, we are continuously having a dialogue with them 
around the price and cost inflation. I think in the events leading up to the last week 
of September in China, there was further force majeure declared because of the 
energy crisis and the closure of the coal power plants. Subsequent to that, we have 
witnessed another round of hyper-inflation in raw materials. With our inventory 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
policy of maintaining high enough levels, we are quite well-covered in to the next 
couple of quarters and we will look at gradual phased manner price increases to 
our clients, so that we balance the recovery in growth with the price inflation and 
we do not want to end up with a situation where the price inflation stops the volume 
growth recovery. So the fine balance will be maintained between the raw material 
price, selling price increase and continued volume momentum. Having said that, 
we are on top of the scenario on the raw material with our contracts and our 
inventory policy, so we will be better placed in couple of quarters to manage this.  
Coming to your question on Mahad, we do have a plant in China, which was  
bought as a BCP for the Mahad plant, so we have two plants manufacturing more 
or less the same products and in this lockout period or stoppage period due to the 
floods, we have ramped up our capacity in China and have produced additional 
materials to balance the shortfall that we faced. As of now, we have not lost any 
business as a result of the Mahad flood. The only issue there is that the costs, 
which were incurred in this period have not represented or reflected in the books of 
accounts till we have a confirmation from the insurance claims, so that part should 
also be coming in the quarters ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia 
So on the RM inflation side again, just from an approach point of view, will the 
approach largely be on getting more volume, not be that aggressive in terms of 
pricing or we kind of having a more balance? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think we will work with the clients one to one. There are obviously pressures 
across the board, so we will work with our clients and we are confident to pass on 
the cost increases as it is a flow through. We will be selective, and we will manage 
that we do not dampen our growth and future prospects, so we will ensure that we 
get into the next year with good momentum on the business growth. At the same 
time, we will enable sufficient price increases to cover for our cost. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj 
Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. The first question is on CFF, the performance has 
been decent and EBITDA margins have been about 11%-12%. We have indicated 
earlier when we acquired the Company that since it is into premium category of 
products, we may look at expanding the product basket from Europe to some of the 
Asian countries. Any thought on this that we will be doing it, I mean obviously 
during the interim period, the pandemic has caused issues but any strategy on this 
front? 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Kedar Vaze 
We continue to get the development work on both sides within India and Europe 
and in fact within Asia, with our centers in Singapore and Jakarta, they work 
together. We are, at this moment, not really pushing synergies because each 
business has local issues and the pandemic and workforce coming to office at 
various times but once there is normal travel and everyone is working in the office, 
we will further look at cost optimization and using libraries across various 
Development Centers. We will bring down the R&D & development cost  as per 
revenue optimization on the overall sales. I think as a result of the pandemic also, 
the gap during the market in Europe and particularly Asia has increased. I expect 
that we will see a slow recovery in economic activity and higher premiumization, 
which was the trend previously. In normal economic cycle, we will have our product 
range ready in Italy for launching into Asia. 
Rohit Nagraj 
Sir, if you could just provide some understanding on how the recovery is happening 
across the user segments like Fine Fragrances, Personal Care, Home Care, and 
just to give an understanding how much we have reached in terms of pre-pandemic 
levels across these segments, that will be helpful? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think the part of the business across all sectors has improved. In the first half, I 
would say, May, June, July, were the peak decline months where lot of the Fine 
Fragrance, Deos and similar products’ business was  half of the normal volume. 
Subsequently, in August and September, the said business has restored and 
resumed at the  normal levels.   
Rohit Nagraj 
Okay, that is helpful and now we are halfway through the year, would you like to 
give any guidance for FY22? 
Kedar Vaze 
I think our guidance remains the same. We have talked about a 12% CAGR in the 
year-on-year, I think we are quite confident to achieve that. Initially, last year we 
had also guided for a jump back on the first half since last year first half was muted. 
Unfortunately, this year first half was also affected by the same pandemic-related 
issues, so we are confident of 12% CAGR over last year and then in fact continuing 
growth from thereon in the Emerging Markets, the base business. The European 
business has been clocking 12% CAGR over the last two years and we expect that 
to continue. In the overall picture, we will also need to optimize some of the sales 
based on the margin and raw material inflation. So on a longer term we are 
confident to do the 12% plus growth rates. The margin percentages will be 
something which will see a dip and we will need to take a certain strategic hit in the 
margin in this quarter given the hyperinflation, but we will be able to restore that 
back to a long-term 42%-43% gross margin and continued growth. 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Svan 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Shah 
Just one clarification I wanted on the inventory side, you mentioned we are covered 
for next two quarters in terms of the pricing, did I understand that correctly? 
Kedar Vaze 
No, in terms of raw material availability, pricing remains a challenge, the cost 
pressure definitely will be there but in terms of supply situation, we are well 
covered for the next two quarters. We hope that the supply situation should restore 
sometime in this period and then we will update you from time to time if we see any 
change. 
Dhaval Shah 
You meant you are covered in terms of volume availability and the pricing remains 
open? 
Kedar Vaze 
We have covered our material, regarding price inflation, we will work out strategy  
and pass on to our clients. 
Dhaval Shah 
When you mentioned about maintaining the absolute EBITDA and not the 
percentage. So, historically, how have you worked around, largely you have been 
working on the percentage terms, then what sort of renegotiation you would have? 
Kedar Vaze 
As a very basis situation, if my selling price was ₹ 100 and ₹ 50 was my COGS and 
₹ 50 has become ₹ 60, in such situation we will be able to pass on the 10% 
inflation or 12% inflation on the top line to our clients, plus we will have to look at 
the product mix and make proper use of the available raw material and improve the 
overall EBITDA margins. Also, there will be cost control which we need to do and 
actively the idea is to maximize absolute margin in line with what was the original 
budgeted number. The top line will get distorted on account of the inflated selling 
price but that we will pass through cost increase to the clients. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SIMPL. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Just two questions on the comments you made during the call. In one of the earlier 
questions, you mentioned that we would be looking at a growth in next year but 
subsequently you mentioned we have been having a 12% CAGR growth for this 
year. Considering the weak first half, do you think that the 12% CAGR growth is 
still possible for this year or do you think the growth options are more from next 
year onwards only, just to understand it? 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Kedar Vaze 
If you look at the first half with the Emerging Markets, India situation being muted, 
we have still done a 15% growth on a like-to-like basis including Europe and kind of 
Emerging markets, so we are confident to continue that track. We also see demand 
revival in the Emerging markets, so I do not see a big challenge to maintain the 
12% growth, although the first half has been muted. I see this as very similar to last 
year. We had seen a big jump back in the second half, so on the growth, I am not 
seeing a big challenge. It is a question of maintaining and managing the gross 
margin percentage and the absolute gross margin, which will be a challenge as the 
cost increase has been very steep in the last few weeks. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Second question, Sir, you mentioned in the call and also in the presentation that 
the Emerging Markets are weak and if I go back to our call two to three years back, 
we had ‘3Is’ as key markets which were India, Indonesia, and Italy. Is Indonesia 
market because of COVID has been disrupted significantly and that is why, the 
growth in this quarter has been slow or is it like this is across India, Indonesia, all of 
the markets have seen a major disruption? 
Kedar Vaze 
We have clearly seen the sort of pandemic and post-pandemic scenario, so in 
Europe and Middle East where the vaccination drive had begun earlier than in the 
emerging markets like India and Indonesia, we have seen that the recovery phase 
has already started, so we know that we can expect the similar thing in India, 
Indonesia and these emerging markets in this post-pandemic scenario. We will 
remain cautious because the pandemic scenario varies, so our business plans will 
maintain the agility in terms of being able to react to any situation that may emerge 
but we are going on this basis of post pandemic scenario and restored growth 
coming back in the Emerging Markets. In India, for sure, we are already seeing the 
momentum. For Indonesia, which is one of the 3Is, and in Southeast Asia in 
general, the pandemic situation is still bit more difficult than in India and it will take 
more time to play out but I strongly think that by end of the year, we will see the 
emerging market, Indonesia, Southeast Asia business also recovering. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Sir, just one thing Southeast Asia would be contributing what percentage of our 
revenue, approximately? 
Kedar Vaze 
7% to 10% of our revenue on the fragrances and overall, 5% of the total. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Lastly, you mentioned in Mahad there was a cost which we have booked in P&L, 
what was the quantum which we have booked? 
Kedar Vaze 
We have booked Rs. 6.2 crore as the exceptional cost in the P&L this quarter. 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma 
Kedar, two-three, years ago you had made a reference that the cost increase or 
the raw material inflation may be sort of once in a six sigma event or maybe once 
in a century event, if you draw parallels to that raw material escalation and 
currently, what is the parallel and is it a more broad-based escalation or it is driven 
by few cost elements, few materials? 
Kedar Vaze 
Few years ago when we had a force majeure scenario in our industry it was very 
much industry specific, very large inflation that was related to, I would say, 50%-
60% of our raw materials. At the moment, what we are seeing in term of raw 
material inflation is a broad-based inflation in commodity, speciality chemicals, 
naturals. Basically, it is an average increase of inflation. It has been sort of rebound 
after the pandemic with the demand going up, supply remaining muted plus added 
layer of disturbance or logistics, container availability, cost of freight, cost of fuel, 
and the latest events in China leading to further short supply. So in total, this is 
inflation which the clients are also facing and everybody is aware, so for us to get 
the price increases with the clients, it is relatively easy, it is a relatively pan- 
industry broad inflation and not specific to our industry. 
Anuj Sharma 
Just one more reference if I go back, our gross margin had shrunk to approximately 
40%-42%, when we compare it now and when you are seeing the next two-three 
quarters, do we think while you said we are focusing on absolute, do you think we 
can patch back those numbers in terms of gross margins? 
Kedar Vaze 
When you look at 41%-42%, we have some level of inflation inside plus we have 
the effect of our Mahad plant project, so we needed to buy some raw material and 
maintain our contracts at a low margin. We were able to continue to supply our 
customers, so this is muted largely on account of the Mahad situation. If I exclude 
Mahad in terms of this insurance claims, then it would be in excess of 42% in this 
quarter and it is in line with our long-term expectation. We also see the product mix 
scenario with the pandemic affecting more of the high value, small volume products 
than the lower gross margin, bigger volume products. So the product mix of the 
Mahad is accounting for a slight decline in the gross margin. Going forward, I think 
we are still on a strong base of 43% gross margin if I look at the actual product mix 
that we expect to sell now. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kumar, a shareholder. 
Please go ahead. 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Rajesh Kumar 
My question is we have won an order for a homecare brand of one of the MNCs at 
India. So, congratulations on that, just wanted to know is this the beginning of 
winning few more orders from the MNCs. And second is, how big is this order? 
Kedar Vaze 
This is obviously a beginning of our long-term strategy that we have been focusing 
on new molecules and making development and research ahead of what we 
require, so it is a good sign that we have one opening and we will grow from here. 
This specific product will be anywhere between Rs. 25 to 30 crore annual revenue 
and we hope to get additional more businesses in line with this long-term strategy. 
As we have discussed in the past within particularly the India market, our market 
share in the non-global MNC is quite high and the global MNC brands which 
accounts for almost 40% of the India fragrance market, our target is for getting 
additional sort of incremental share. 
Rajesh Kumar 
My second question is, paint industry is doing extremely well in spite of COVID 
pandemic, two years back, I think our products were approved by one of the 
leading paint manufacturers, so what is the latest update on this and did we receive 
any order from them? 
Kedar Vaze 
The Industrial products, as we call, it is not specifically only paint, there are paint 
textiles, varnish, lot of companies in that industrial belt. So industrial products, we 
have seen almost 100% growth in these areas over a last couple of years, so it is 
doing well. We will continue to see growth in those areas. 
Rajesh Kumar 
Is this industrial product which you are mentioning, does it include the industrial 
fragrances which we had launched a year back including Keva roll-ons and etc? 
Kedar Vaze 
Industrial product, it is Fragrance sales to the industrial products, so these are not 
typically classified as FMCG products, it is not soap or detergent or this, so 
anything which is textile, paints, housing, wood, varnish, lot of things that are used 
in the household but are not typically FMCG products where replacement products 
are sort of capital goods, white goods that market we are seeing good growth 50% 
plus growth year-on-year and that is a nascent market, so we see a good run rate 
for that market in the next few years as well. 
Rajesh Kumar 
How much percentage does it contribute to the overall revenues this industrial 
segment? 
Kedar Vaze 
At the moment it is small, it is in sort of Rs. 10 crore ballpark, but you see that this 
is only I would say 1% or 2% of the total potential of these market, so if the market 
is very large, we are seeing this will be sort of growth area for us. 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Rajesh Kumar 
When you say this 50% growth year-on-year, does it include that means we have 
received the order from these paint companies also? 
Kedar Vaze 
We are supplying from last year and that orders have doubled since last year, so it 
is a big growth over last year and we will see this growth being there continuously. 
Rajesh Kumar 
Sir, my last question is what is the status on the Fragrance encapsulation 
technology, I think we had taken some trials a year back, so any latest update on 
that? 
Kedar Vaze 
Also on the encapsulation, we have put in expanded part of our capacity, we are 
doing well. We are also looking at first initial leads at European market for 
exporting this encapsulation and also in the Middle East, so the initial trials and 
feedback from the client is good. Again, it is a scaling-up business, it is quite small 
at the moment and we will continue to grow that as we go ahead. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia 
Just two questions, first is I just want to understand if you can comment how we 
are seeing trends in the Fine Fragrance space especially, in the CFF or in the 
European business, any colour you can provide on that? 
Kedar Vaze 
The Fine Fragrance business last year was very muted. This year it has picked up 
for us quite well although overall Fine Fragrance globally remains weak and is 
expected to turn around this quarter once it is sort of a post-pandemic demand. 
Our Fine Fragrance business is largely focused on the new brands and new 
entrants into Fine Fragrances and we are doing good amount of business wins. As 
the Fine Fragrance is extremely fragmented market, it takes a few years for any 
meaningful volume growth but we have good amount of wins and we are quite 
happy with the development funnel and business traction in the Fine Fragrance 
business. 
Viraj Kacharia 
For CFF, how much would be for Fine Fragrance, would it be like 5%, 10% of their 
base? 
Kedar Vaze 
Today, it is smaller than 5%. It is 2% to 3% of the total business but it is completely 
a new activity which has started two-three years ago and it will ramp up. Our long-
term objective is to make 20% of our European business in brand credentials which 
is a healthy ratio for volume and margin business. Most of the global MNC 
businesses have roughly 25% of their Fragrance business as Fine Fragrances and 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
our objective is to increase this 3% to roughly 20% while continuing to grow the 
overall pie. 
Viraj Kacharia 
Second question is, you said that we have a good amount of visibility in terms of 
growth and hence, we kind of are looking at the buyback option as well but if I have 
to look at for next two-three years, given that we are still strongly positive on growth 
and margin recovery, would this be more like a regular feature in terms of buyback, 
so I am just trying to understand between buyback and repayment of debt? 
Kedar Vaze 
We are committed to our profit distribution policy of 30% to 40% per annum. We 
will look at both measures, dividend, buyback and any others distribution method 
that, from time to time, what makes sense in terms of taxation, in terms of 
shareholders value. We also believe that buyback gives a better representation 
and better value for longer term shareholders than dividend where effectively 
people can own the share for one day and get a dividend rather than having to own 
it for a bit longer and we are committed to the profit distribution policy which we 
have announced within 30% and 40% of that we generate. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Bhavya S., an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya S. 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity, my first question is, during the GST 
implementation, you had alluded that the small businesses are also forming a part 
of our business and this year’s demand at GST level shows that a lot of businesses 
closed down too, so right now, currently, how are we seeing small businesses form 
a part of our revenue and how are they growing? 
Kedar Vaze 
About 10% of our domestic business is in small customers and they continue to 
maintain their business. We have seen as I mentioned earlier lot of churn post 
GST, demonetization and the number of customers that have degrown or 
consolidated at the marketplace. Today, we have roughly 10% of our customers 
and sales in the small market. It is a market which is quite robust, however, the 
sales have disproportionately affected when there is a lockdown or a pandemic 
news because customer said that their address is mostly in the bazaar, so the 
small shops and the bazaar market if it is closed on account of lockdown, there will 
be immediate slowdown. They are not really represented in retail, modern trade, or 
home delivery brands as much, so this is the net effect when the pandemic 
lockdowns happen, this 10% business has a very acute slowdown but we expect 
this business to bounce back. There is also pent-up demand from the consumers 
to buy these products. 

 Q2 & H1 FY22 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Bhavya S. 
Sir, my second and last question is, can you throw some light on the AYUSH 
front?. During the last call, you had alluded that it is a robust and growing market 
and currently are we seeing the same trend, I know it is only three months apart 
but is there any update and can you throw some light on the same? 
Kedar Vaze 
Our Wellness Ingredients part of the business is also doing well. Our research in 
that has created a couple of new products. Again, it is a nascent market and the 
market is very big. We are coming in late in this market but we want to be a product 
differentiated by science because in natural extracts business, there are a lot of 
players but with an undifferentiated product mix. So our approach has been to 
apply scientific principles and our science knowledge to these extracts which would 
be quantification and the exact active ingredient definition. This market is nascent 
but we see that this market again gives us a leg for large growth in the future but it 
will take two-three years of product maturation and building the product range to 
then go into those markets. 
Bhavya S. 
Sir, just a follow up on that, how much currently would it be contributing and what 
do we tend to take it towards? 
Kedar Vaze 
It is small, it is around Rs. 5 crore range per annum this fiscal but that has good 
traction and we are in discussion with some large MNCs as well as local players, 
so it is a new area for us and it will take some time before the business is 
meaningful. In terms of growth rates, it will grow fast but in terms of the overall 
number, we will still be in the Rs. 10-20 crore range for few years. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
Kedar Vaze 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or you would like to know more about the 
Company, please feel free to contact our team of CDR. Before I end, I wish you all 
a Happy Diwali and thank you for your time to join us on this call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of SH Kelkar and 
Company Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy 
