. , CFRT/J:-1. 
0 
;,.."<..,.. 
(')' ... 
;: 
0 
\~~) 
1$0 9001 
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED 
ISO 14001 ; ISO 45001 , 
ISO 50001 
Plot No. 2-8, Sector -126, NOIDA-201304, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, Tel. : +91 120 6860000, 3090100, 3090200 
Fax: +91 120 3090111, 3090211 E-mail : iglho@indiaglycols.com, Website: www.indiaglycols.com 
23rct November, 2021 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500201 
Dear Sirs, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q2FY22 Results 
Conference Call 
Further to our letters dated l 21h and l 61h November, 2021 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Results 
Conference Call for Q2FY22 held on Tuesday, l 61h November, 2021 is attached. 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com. 
This is for your information and records please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly, 
For I dia Glycols Limited 
A _wd 
(L gal) & Company Secretary 
Encl: A/ a 
Corporate Office : 3A, Shakespeare Sarani, Kolkata - 700071 , Phone: +91 33 22823585, 22823586 
Works & Registered Office : A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur - 244713, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Phone : +915947269000 / 269500 Fax : +91 5947 275315, 269535 
CIN : L24111UR1983PLC009097 

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“India Glycols Limited Q2 FY-22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHIR AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. RUPARK SARSWAT - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. ANAND SINGHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SANJEEV GURWARA – PRESIDENT – MARKETING 
MR. SK SHUKLA – HEAD –LIQUOR BUSINESS 
PROF. DR. R.K. KHANDAL - PRESIDENT, R&D AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT 
MR. ANKUR JAIN – HEAD (LEGAL) AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANJAY JAIN – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to India Glycols Limited Q2FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference calls, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Jain from ICICI Securities. Thank you. And over 
to you sir. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining with us on Indian Glycols Limited Q2H1FY22 
results conference call. We have India Glycols management: 
Mr. Sudhir Agarwal – Executive Director 
Mr. Rupark Sarswat - Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Anand Singhal – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Gurwara – President – Marketing 
Mr. SK Shukla – Head –Liquor Business 
Prof. Dr. R.K. Khandal - President, R&D and Business Development 
Mr. Ankur Jain – Head (Legal) and Company Secretary at India Glycols Limited 
I would like to invite Mr. Rupark to initiate the proceeding with his opening remarks, post which 
we will have Q&A session. Over to you Rupark Ji. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Good afternoon to everybody here who has joined, thank you for joining this call. And I hope 
all of you are doing well. It is much better from a COVID perspective. And we all hope that it 
kind of remains that way. 
What I will do together with my colleagues is give you a brief overview of what we presented. 
Our apologies that you may not have got had enough time to go through the presentation, we 
had a slight technical glitch, and there was some delay in the presentation getting uploaded. I am 
told though it was available about 10 minutes ago on the exchanges as well. 
Coming to the performance of the quarter, it is important to note that in this quarter, we have 
undergone a transition and that is that in this quarter the EOD and the Formulation business is 
no more reported as a part of IGL, but is reported as under the Joint Venture. So to extent the 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
turnover and the numbers with respect to the EOD business for this quarter are not there and it 
is important to kind of keep that context. 
Overall performance if you see our gross turnover is at Rs. 1695 crores which is up 10% our net 
turnover at Rs. 780 crores which is up 7%. And as many of you already know, there's a big 
difference in the gross turnover and the net turnover for IGL it is because there is a very heavy 
Excise duty for the liquor business that we have which is of the order of 600% to 700%. ROCE 
is Rs. 75 crores which is up 16%. The EBITDA margin is at 9.55% and the PAT at Rs. 37 crores 
is up 40% for this quarter as reported. 
As I mentioned in these numbers, it is without the EOD business being part of IGL and 
considering that you would see that this has been a very good comeback and a strong 
performance for the business in the 2nd Quarter. You would see that the margins are at 9.55%. 
Another point I would like to make for is that whilst the EOD sales are no more part of IGL’s 
reporting, one of the key raw materials or the key raw materials for the EOD business which is 
ethylene oxide is still supplied by IGL and therefore, that sales has come as a part of IGL sales. 
However, it is also important to note that we make relatively nominal margins on the transferred 
ethylene oxide that is how the agreement is structured. So, in order to see the real value of the 
chemicals business to us, you need to kind of in your mind, add back the ethylene oxide EBITDA 
profit to the business, which I have not done here. To that extent the reported margins are 
somewhat suppressed, and you will see the benefit coming more in terms of the PAT. 
And now looking at the performance for continued businesses, you will see that the gross 
turnover is up 24%. And the net turnover is up 39% at Rs. 780 crores. As I said it is up 39%, 
because now, for the purpose of looking at continued businesses we have removed EOD business 
from both the quarters, that is quarter for the last year as well as quarter for this year. And the 
PAT of course is at Rs. 37 crores up 87%. 
Looking at the half yearly performance as you would have the slide the gross turnover at Rs. 
3561 crores is up 46%. The net turnover at Rs. 1644 crores is up 48%. EBITDA at Rs. 152 crores 
is up 5% and the EBITDA margin at 9.87%. The PAT reported is Rs. 249 crores up 707%. But 
such a huge jump in PAT is mainly because it also includes the slump sale profit that arose 
because of the JV formation. 
So all in all, good two quarters and a good first half for our businesses and I will talk a little bit 
about what has driven the performance. In terms of key highlights for the quarter the Joint 
Venture with Clariant has been established successfully and very smoothly without any 
disruption to the business. Of course, there was a couple of weeks of postponement for some 
orders, but really no loss of business or any major disruption, which is a very good thing. 
As we had updated you, we had sanction projects for putting up grain-based distillery projects 
in our Kashipur and Gorakhpur plant. Those projects are ongoing, and we expect the plants to 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
be commissioned by March and April 2022 respectively. We are also happy to share as you may 
know that the company's long-term rating has been upgraded to ‘A’ with a stable outlook. 
The performance for this quarter actually, to a large extent in the first half has been led by an 
excellent performance by bio-based specialties and performance chemicals, both in terms of 
sales as well as EBITDA as you would see. As has not been a surprise, sharp escalation in 
feedstocks, freight prices, packaging and energy has been a bit of a dampener and they have 
posed some headwinds, which have to some extent compressed our margins. But given all of 
that, it's a reasonably good performance that we have to report in this quarter. 
Let me spend a little bit of time explaining to you certain macro factors that have been impacting 
our industry. Now, these macro factors are not only important from the point of view of tactical 
planning and strategy, but even longer-term strategic actions that companies like us will take. 
So, there are six factors which are important, which I will very quickly cover. The first three are 
more fundamental and the next three are to some extent related or are also an outcome.  
One is the significant demand surge that the world saw in various parts, including India, post-
pandemic and the world was therefore not prepared in many ways whilst it presented an 
opportunity, but you saw that there were issues with respect to supply chains getting disrupted, 
as well as supplies of coal, etc. which impacted us. There has also been visibly, a number of 
areas where climatic changes are visible, which has impacted and will continue to impact several 
things. Now, for example, in India, in the Central and Eastern part of India, you saw probably 
the worst rains in the last 127 years, which impacted our coal situation and therefore the coal 
crisis in India. 
You may know that Europe actually has a significant renewable energy consumption. And a lot 
of that energy comes from wind and hydro energy. And both of these were pretty much low in 
their generation. So that also added up to the global energy crisis. You may also know that the 
same thing was happening in Latin America where there's a lot of hydro energy and there was a 
drought and therefore that energy came down which all is not only impacting our energy prices, 
but I am also talking about a driving factor for businesses, particularly the ones which have 
positioned themselves based on sustainable ingredients.  
And the other of course, is the big push for sustainability and green transition. This has provided 
opportunities, but it has also created hiccups. So, as you know in India, there is a push for 
increased blending of ethanol in petrol. Similarly, other countries in the world are going through 
this transition and sometimes it has been a choppy ride where you people have pushed in 
renewable resources and Germany, for example, has said that they would not go to nuclear 
energy, but we are probably not as ready to completely depend on renewable or sustainable 
energy. So that sustainable transition also created some hiccups. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
The impacted factors, of course, are the sharp rise in commodity prices and as we have seen 
things that impact us steel prices, for example, were up nearly 40% impacted our projects. Coal 
prices on a on a yearly basis, not average over a period of one year roughly went up by about 
80%. Ethanol which is a very important feedstock for us the prices went up compared to 
November last year by roughly 60%. And acetic acid for example is roughly up 100%. 
So, these are some of the factors which were impacting our business. But what is good to see 
that is we have been able to continue to grow our business and grow our EBITDA and profit 
lines as well.  
So that is a quick summary that I had, I will request my colleague Anand Ji to give you a quick 
recap on the financial summary. 
Anand Singhal: 
On Q2 and half year ‘22 results is already there with all of you. And Rupark Ji has already 
covered the key highlights of the results. But just to give you the brief highlights and the impact 
on the profitability regions the good demand, particularly in the bio-based specialty and 
performance chemical during this quarter as well as the half year, the impact of the increase 
feedstock, energy, freight and packing costs. In all the sectors the cost has gone up while the 
company has been able to reduce its financial cost due to the payment of the term loan and the 
reduction in the interest rates. So, this is what is the key highlights. The results are already with 
us. So that's why I am not covering the numbers. But if anybody has any specific questions, then 
I will certainly take up. 
Regarding the cash flow, although we are generally not sharing but this time we are sharing 
because there was some query on the negative cash flow just to update that we have received 
Rs. 451 crores from the bio-EOD sale out of which Rs. 302 has been paid for the term loan and 
the reduction of fund based working capital limits. While the balance of Rs. 149 crores, we have 
utilized for the payment of the LC creditors, which has been largely in the cash flow as the 
creditor’s payment. If we take that into consideration, then for the quarter or for the half year, 
the cash flow is positive by Rs. 146 crores. So just to brief on the cash flow that's why we are 
covering this cash flow this time in the half year. 
Regarding the segment wise revenue, the 71% in the last year has come from the chemical while 
in Q2 ’22 the revenue is still a 71% despite the EOD sale is not there in the 2nd Quarter, while in 
the half year, yes, there is some impact on the chemicals from 69% to 75%. Rest of revenue 
generation from the other units is more or less same and not much impacted. 
So, this is revenue bifurcation segment reporting is already there with all of you. So that's why 
I am not covering accepting that all the segments of the company, the sale has gone up while the 
profitability in the potable spirit segment and Ennature Biopharma segment has come down due 
to increased cost of the raw material and the utilities. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes, so I can just add a few comments on segmental performance, just to let you know what the 
drivers has been. As you can see, once again, the bio-based specialty and performance chemicals 
had the strongest comeback within terms of revenue as well as EBITDA. And the potable spirit 
segment, it is actually very good to note the continued top-line growth. We all know that 
packaging and ethanol costs are up. We believe that this is somewhat a short-term phenomena 
and we will see both margin recovery as well as the cost or softening in due future. So that would 
hopefully be better. 
In terms of the key drivers. We had excellent sales in terms of glycol ethers and acetates which 
were driven by robust demand both for domestic and export markets. One of the factors being 
that the prices for butyl and propyl glycol ethers were high and therefore we were also able to 
position the glycol ethers that we had to sell in this market. We also did take some action to do 
some internal debottlenecking so that we could sell some more of these more margin generating 
products. 
The glycol sales have been kind of mixed. The good thing for us is that we continue to see 
traction for bio-MEG, particularly in the Southeast Asian markets like Japan and Taiwan. 
However, the bio-MEG sales to Coca Cola has been sliding down as we had mentioned to you 
earlier. And that is mainly because they have been trying to balance their carbon footprint 
portfolio by also adding recycled PET. 
As far as the ENA or extra neutral alcohol sales are concerned, they were impacted adversely 
because last year, we had a significant increase in the ENA sales because of the sanitizer’s 
requirement. 
The guar gum business for us has been good in terms of volume as well as value growth. And 
we continue to see some demand for oil field applications and several projects are in progress in 
Middle East and other parts of the world. 
The gases business has also continued to grow, we had the record production of oxygen. As you 
know, the gases businesses kind of bolt on adjacent business to us it is because we produce it as 
a part of the process. So, it's relatively small. But the thing is that the Government has capped 
the prices for medical oxygen since August ‘20. So, the kind of realization that you would have 
otherwise had was not exactly seen. 
Just a little bit of commentary on the potable spirits business. In terms of IMFL, there is a change 
in the excise policy in Delhi, which we think will help us to continue to grow our business. We 
see good demand for some of our products like Amazing Premium Vodka, Soulmate Whiskey, 
and we expect that this segment will continue to do well and deliver good growth for the year. 
However, as I have mentioned, we have concentrated and made sure that we continue to get the 
top-line growth, but margins have been under pressure. As I mentioned, the ethanol prices and 
costs for example are up as of as high as 60%. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
On the branded country liquor segment, we got a good increase in volume again, margin 
pressures have kind of dampened or brought our EBITDA down though. But that's also 
something that takes time both in terms of cost readjustment and also getting price increases in 
this segment, which is to a large extent controlled by the Government. 
The Ennature business on one side, the Thiocolchicoside sales were not that good. But the good 
thing is that we've got good growth in the nicotine API segment. So that's a high-level 
commentary on some of the drivers for the growth and the performance in this quarter. 
Once again requesting Anand Ji to talk about some more financial slides.  
Anand Singhal: 
Regarding important ratios, the debt equity excluding EPBG, has come down to 0.43 during this 
half year vis-à-vis 0.76 in the last year. Debt equity ratio with EPBG has come down 0.63 vis-
à-vis 0.99 last year. The FACR has improved to 3.18, TOL/TNW has come down to 1.69. The 
interest coverage issue is just reaching about 4, now it is 3.93. And further the current ratio has 
reached to 1.08. 
Apart from this, as our CEO has already informed that the India Rating has upgraded our rating 
from ‘–A’ to ‘A’ ‘Stable.’ So, this is what is the important ratios. And now over to Rupark Ji. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I do not have anything else to add. There are a few slides on company overview which you 
already have, you can go through. We have already presented them earlier as well. So thank you 
very much for your time and we are now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with a question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead 
Rohit Sinha: 
A few questions from my side first of all, if it is possible, how has been our overall volume 
growth and value growth in this quarter in each segment, if it is possible to share. 
Anand Singhal: 
I will cover the main segments particularly the glycol and the alcohol segments. Glycol, last year 
we did about 47,908 tonnes of glycol sale. For the half year we have already done say about 
24,808 tonnes. So, we are more or less done about 50% as compared to last year. Regarding the 
glycol ether, we have done a sale of 27,858 tonnes in the last year, while in this half year, we 
have already achieved 19,345 tonnes. So, we are far ahead as compared to the last year. 
Regarding the alcohol potable segment, we have done say about 176,274 KVL, in last year, 
while in the six months we have already covered about 100,904. So, in alcohol segment also we 
are far ahead. So, these are the main quantities, or you can say the sales quantity which we have 
covered which we have already achieved in first six months. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Just to add one thing, that last year there was no EO sale but this year the JV we have sold about 
9727 tonnes EO to JV also, but this segment is totally new segment for us, because in this quarter 
we have done this much of sale to JV. 
Rohit Sinha: 
That EO volume is included in this figure what you have shared, right? 
Anand Singhal: 
EO sale is for the first time in this quarter. Yes, this is the part of the chemicals, correct. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
At the same time, the EOD and formulation sales obviously is not there for this year which was 
there in the Q2 of last year. That has been replaced partly by EO sales. 
Rohit Sinha: 
My second question is on the margin side and how we should see the margin profile going 
forward especially with this rising crude oil prices and in the spirit segment without -- 
Rupark Sarswat: 
 So, as you know, right, we are in the speculative domain, but nevertheless, we have an estimate 
or a view and that I will state. See, we believe the kind of commodity price increases that have 
happened are unprecedented and these are not systemic structural changes. And so, there has to 
be a readjustment both in terms of ethanol prices as well as packaging material prices as well as 
some point in time in the supply chain disruptions, which have also caused the increase in 
commodity prices. 
Now, we do not know how fast that will happen. But we believe that in the next two or three 
months and beyond, we should be seeing softening of prices. It is very difficult for me to kind 
of imagine that 50% to 60% to 70% increase in commodity prices across is going to be sustained 
for a long period of time. 
Anand Singhal: 
 And just to add into this Rohit, since the sugar mill production has started, so we hopefully can 
hope rather that the molasses and the alcohol prices will slightly come down. But let’s see what 
happens. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
 Energy prices will definitely come down. You know, coal is not because India has less coal, it 
is because we just can't have enough coal available with roughly a 24% surge in terms of the 
power demand from coal. And we didn't import it because imported coal was very expensive so 
a number of factors that will certainly come down there's no doubt about that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasti from InCred Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Awasti: 
So, I would like to understand something very basic. So almost all of your products be it alcohol 
or the chemicals that you produce will have a feedstock, which will either be ENA or ethanol. 
So how much ENA or ethanol do you use on a whole to make your products? And how much 
ENA ethanol do you produce? So, am trying to understand what is the portion you buy from 
outside? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes, so I will also take help from my colleagues. But just to give you an overview of the business 
and the dynamics of alcohol. See, we have two potential sources of ethanol. One is molasses that 
we can manufacture in-house, and another is imported ethanol that we import which is corn 
based on the U.S. mainly. Depending upon the prices, we have changed how much we make and 
how much we buy. 
And last year, for example, it made much more sense for us to import ethanol so at least for the 
chemical segment as high as 95% of ethanol was imported. But for the liquor segment, we do 
not use imported alcohol we use molasses-based ethanol that we produce our demand by grain-
based ethanol from the market. 
Going forward apart from the options of import or molasses as you know, we are also putting 
up grain-based distillates. So that creates more options for us both for our potable spirits that 
helps us hopefully reduce our costs as well because we are buying some grain-based ethanol that 
will come down. And also allows us to play with the ethanol dynamics much more if for 
example, imported ethanol prices are much higher, which is the case right now for example, and 
grain-based cost is lower, we could divert at least some of it for that use. But in terms of numbers, 
let me ask my colleague Shukla Ji to kind of give you -- 
S.K. Shukla: 
See we are the biggest the alcohol consumers in India and approximately 16,000 tonnes per 
month consumption of alcohol for the manufacturing of our chemical products. Besides that, we 
are using almost 55 lakh litres of ENA for our potable liquors. Some of them are the grain based 
and majority of the alcohol is from the molasses based. 
See because of the late rains, in the highest sugar producing state like UP and Haryana, the crop 
is affected and sugar mills which are generally used to start in the month of October, which 
likely to be starting they have started on the first week of November. So, we are hoping the good 
the availability of molasses from the first or last week of November. That will be certainly 
comfortable about our requirement and not only to requirement but also, we are hoping reducing 
the price of the basic raw material. 
Nitin Awasti: 
Once your own distilleries come up how much of this requirement would be met rough 
percentages, by those distilleries? 
Anand Singhal: 
Means you are talking about the grain distillery? 
Nitin Awasti: 
Yes. 
S.K. Shukla: 
See, approximately 40% requirement will be met by this the grain distillery. And we have certain 
commitment of supplying up the ethanol. But by and large we will secure 40% in the next 
financial year, probably start of next financial year from the generation of our grain-based 
ethanol. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Nitin Awasti: 
Now given this and given where we stand today as a country and how the ethanol blending 
program is happening and most of the sugar companies are now, whoever produces molasses is 
going to hold molasses and try to convert it themselves into ethanol and sell it to the Government 
and because that's quite profitable. Wouldn't it be more prudent to go out there and setup enough 
capacity to have 100% captive ENA ethanol supply -- 
S. K. Shukla: 
We are on way but right now, I can't comment the timeline, but we are thinking in that line. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes, we need to look at the dynamics very carefully then plan in terms of how much of more 
capacity will be set up, which is grain based and we will continue to evaluate based on how the 
blending program also is taking off.  
Nitin Awasti: 
Why do you say that you require more time and more data, isn’t the data quite clear and evident 
in front of you right now. And aren’t the prices moving exactly how the data indicated they 
would move. Why this question is very important and why I am failing to understand this is 
because you are an end user of ethanol, and you being in industry, which is the end user of 
ethanol and you have this technology know how to produce it also. And now the Government is 
giving you an opportunity to setup those plants. So, why not completely integrate? And what is 
missing, like what is the thing that I am missing right now that you know the prices of molasses 
will crash or ethanol will crash in the future, which the company is indicating? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
No, the thing is that we will also continue to look at the opportunity of buying ethanol if it makes 
sense. See, ethanol is three different purposes. And there is a three different level of realization 
that happens there. One is for potable spirits where we only use either our own manufactured or 
purchased grain based, that of course will be 100% in-house, because we will be producing 
molasses-based as well as grain-based ethanol. 
Then there is ethanol that you sell to biofuels. Now whilst there is an expectation, there will be 
a huge requirement of ethanol for biofuels, remember, it is something which needs quite a lot of 
change in the country as well, because right now we are at something like roughly 8% blending. 
The existing vehicles in the country can go up to 10% blending without much problem. But the 
moment you start to go beyond, E10 to E20 blending, you will need to make modifications, 
because otherwise your rubber and plastic parts etc. start to wear down. So, we need to see how 
that is picking up, and we will keep the option open up also if imported or ethanol is cheaper for 
us to buy we can always buy that.  
Another thing is you are making the right point. We have already sanctioned two projects. And 
this is something which is an ongoing discussion in our leadership team to see when and how 
much we need to invest for more. And as our thinking is a little more refined and we have clarity, 
at the right point we will share as well. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Nitin Awasti: 
So, just from our discussion, the point I got to take away, and I would like to clarify before I 
take it away, so that there is no confusion. That potable spirit will be 100% made by our own 
produced ENA. 
S.K. Shukla: 
Yes, approximately 97% to 96% because in UP where is our largest stake of country liquor and 
approximately our share is around 25% to 26%. So, in which we consume around 40 to 45 lakh 
litres of ENA in every month. For that Government is assuring the availability of molasses. 
Government is already keeping the provision, the policy to reserve the country liquor molasses. 
So for that we are very much sure that this molasses will continue and rest 3% to 4% would be 
buying from the outside the State, grain-based which will be already eliminated once our 
production will start. 
Nitin Awasti: 
So, can we assume, or can we look forward to margins in this segment or at least for the potable 
spirits, given that you will completely backward integrate. And the rest of the molasses will be 
absorbed by the Government like you said. Can we expect the EBIT margins to go closer to 27% 
to 30%? 
S.K. Shukla: 
So, right now, we are hoping so, but once the things will be normalized because as you know 
this month is very crucial as for availability of the raw material for the distilleries. So, we are 
hoping better margin from the month of December and January. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
And a couple of factors, which if they move in the direction that we are hoping. One of course 
is we would see softening in hopefully ethanol prices. Second is having put up our own grain-
based plants we have an option of using it in-house which will help recovery of margins as well. 
So, both of these factors, if they move the way we are expecting, yes, you should see margin 
improvement. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly, looking at the business model and the current vagaries in the commodity space, how 
keen are we that these margins are sustainable. And even there is a scope for improvement in 
margins going forward, just looking at the sustainability part of the story, as you were telling 
that one of our MNC player has also reduced the offtake of our product, because of ESG and 
other factors. So, if you could give us some understanding on how sustainability and the 
improvement in margins can happen over a period of time. 
And, on the power and fuel mix parts, you were telling about the imported coal prices being 
higher and that impacting the margins. So, over a period of time, what are the steps we are taking 
that will be contributing to the margins going forward. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So first, let me talk about the second point that you raised, which is imported coal prices being 
higher. you picked up one part of what I said which was impacting India coal prices. India coal 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
prices went up because of a couple of factors, 1) Demand surge in terms of power which was 
24%, higher than last year. And most of the power in India 60%, 70% if I am not wrong comes 
from power-based fuel plants. So, the plants or the supply chain had not stocked up that much 
inventory and coal takes time to mine and then bring it here and so on. 
2) The other factor, which coupled with this caused a lot of disruption is that in the coal mine 
areas of Central and Eastern India, as I mentioned to you, there was probably the worst flooding 
in the last 120 years. So even the process of getting coal was hugely disrupted from these mines, 
the roads, the mines themselves. 
3)  And the third factor, which you talked about, was generally India also buys a lot of coal from 
outside and particularly from Indonesia. And because of the global energy crisis, the Indonesian 
coal prices had gone up by as high as 300%. 
So, nobody had imagined that all three things will go wrong at the same time. And therefore, the 
Indian buyers of imported coal had stopped buying and had reduced the stocks of that. All the 
things together led to a surge in core prices in India and a big supply issue, which fortunately, 
has been by and large, resolved by no major disaster. We know that the coal inventories at power 
plant came to very, very low levels of one to two days. But those times are over we are already 
on the recovery path. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, my basic understanding is about the sustainability part of the earnings and what should 
investors be looking forward going ahead. And firstly, I would like to congratulate also on these 
segmental revenues using the different ways of reporting the numbers. So, thank you for the 
same that gives more clarity. And if on the biopharma part also, if you could explain what is the 
potential and the reasons why we reported lower numbers on that part. What big opportunity, is 
it going forward? How big we can grow there and its contribution to the top-line and the bottom-
line? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, you are talking about margins of a particular segment or overall? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, I am talking about, firstly the margin for the total entire basket, what steps are we taking to 
improve the margins? Because when we compare your September ‘20 numbers, and the 
September ‘21 numbers, they are almost on a similar trajectory, although the contribution from 
the performance chemical has improved significantly. And there is a downward trend in the 
contribution from the potable spirit segment as you have articulated it in your opening remarks. 
So, going forward, how are things going to take shape, if we take the H2 and our preparation on 
the same. And secondly, it was about the biopharma space, what is the potential of this segment 
going forward? The margins are on the higher side. But this quarter they have reported lower 
numbers. So that was my understanding that turnover has gone up, but the margins are on the 
lower side. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So this was right in my opening remarks that we have done very well in terms of top-line, but 
we don't seem to have done as well in terms of the EBITDA growth, there are a few factors. One 
factor was yes, you are right. For example, ethanol and packaging material prices, which 
impacted the potable spirit segment very highly. The top-line potable spirits have been growing 
very well, which is roughly a 21% growth. But the contribution actually came down by 
something like 30%. And I believe that a large chunk of this margin will get recovered because 
it is based on what energy and ethanol and packaging material prices, which are kind of an all-
time high. And the general consensus, I have no authority to conclude that the general consensus 
is that these prices will come down. These are not the sustainable commodity prices, that is as 
far as potable spirits is concerned. 
As far as the chemical business is concerned, which is the biggest one for us, you saw that our 
revenue as well as EBITDA actually went up very well for the first half, with our revenue going 
up by something like 60% and our EBIT margins going up by roughly 100%. 
One factor that you need to keep in mind, I mentioned that before that with the EODs and 
formulation business going to the JV, our EBITDA margin percentage, obviously, as you people 
had expected, it has impacted it adversely at the EBITDA level. But where has it impacted us 
positively, it has impacted us positively at the PAT level. 
Now, we had something like a Rs. 700 crore good margin business, which has become part of 
the JV. What we are doing is sell something like Rs. 300 crore worth of ethylene oxide to them 
which is only a very nominal margin. So, from a percentage point of view, you will see that this 
actually is a factor, which is depressing margin. But a good way to see and I will not get into 
those numbers of this call, is actually to add back what is the value which is coming from the 
EO that we are selling to the JV, which comes at a line below EBITDA. 
So, I responded to you on potable spirits. And as far as the general energy and economic costs 
are concerned, we believe that they are going to soften and help us improve our margins. And 
as far as the margins based on bio-based products are concerned, my response to that is look, 
this is a steady transaction which the world is going through. We have seen increased transaction 
for bio-based products, as I mentioned to you that our bio-based glycols where one of the MNCs 
for Coca Cola used to be something like 80% of our bio-based MEG sales, is now possibly about 
in the range of about 30% of sales, because we have a number of smaller customers who are 
buying bio-based MEG, has better margins. But the Coca Cola has actually brought it down, not 
because of ESG reasons as an adverse ESG reasons. But because they have chosen to balance 
their carbon footprint portfolio by using recycled PET which is also a mandate in the U.S. 
In short, bio-based materials will continue to command some premium in the market. But it's 
not a market which is completely overtaking the crude market right now. It's a slow and steady 
process. From a company perspective, what we need to do is not only bank on greater traction 
for bio-based products, but to start looking at more value addition to these products. That of 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
course is also something that we are working on, that's not a quarter-to-quarter result that it will 
influence. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I was looking for the comment on the biopharma part, the Ennature Biopharma. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So Ennature Biopharma, which is a relatively small business for us, mainly got impacted because 
the largest product there that we sell is a product known as Thiocolchicoside, which is the 
muscle-relaxant. A lot of those sales were happening to Turkey. And there, there have been 
certain policy changes based on which certain incentives which were given there for the 
formulation based on Thiocolchicoside were withdrawn, which has impacted our margins 
adversely. We don't think that is going to change immediately. So, Thiocolchicoside margins 
can remain depressed. But what we are working on is a number of other extracts like Nicotine 
extract and derivative. 
Manish Pant (Head-MIS): So, in Nutraceuticals apart from this Thiocolchicoside, the major chunk is now being fulfilled 
by this Nicotine and the Nicotine derivatives, whatever the shortfall we are having in the sales 
of the Thiocolchicoside. Apart from this, we are getting a good margin in the other products and 
good market with respect to the lutein and other pharmaceuticals contained or the APIs. So, in 
the next quarter or in the coming six months, we would have a better sale and a better margin. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to conclude on this point that last year turnover and margin can be supported with the current 
business environment. And in this business, do we have any relations with the other Jubilant 
Group Companies, they are also in the same Nutraceuticals business? Are we aligning joint 
development of any product along with them? 
Manish Pant (Head-MIS): Jubilant is synthetic drugs manufacturers, and we are natural pharma API company. So, we don't 
have any relation with respect to any product level or any collaboration with Jubilant. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And on the margin part, if you could shed some light that would suffice. That we can look at a 
better, H2 would be better than what H1 is, that is what the understanding is. 
Anand Singhal: 
That's what Saket we hope that H2 will be for the Ennature Biopharma will be better. And we 
are taking all the efforts to improve the performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Makarand Tilloo from Makarand Tilloo 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
Right now, you said that potable alcohol whatever the requirement is that it will be in-house 
manufactured, correct. So, how much increase in margin will be there due to this change? 
SK Shukla: 
See, first of all, as a certain segment which is say around 70%, which is the raw material is 
already secured by the Government. So, there should not be any problem. Other segment as our 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
CEO Rupark Sir has already told you that we are going to put up the two grain plants which 
certainly will increase the profitability, once we start, probably from the April next year. 
Third is, we have already launched the premium products like Single Reserva, Amazing and 
some of the most innovative Rum, I can't say right now the name, because it's under the process. 
So, by launching these premium products, our certainly profit margin will go high. So, this is all 
about the potable segment. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
So, grain-based distillery will add to our profit margin. 
SK Shukla: 
Yes. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
The second thing, last year MEG realization and current year MEG realization, what is the 
increase in that? 
Anand Singhal: 
Last year, the MEG realization, average price for the whole year was about Rs. 73,000. While 
in first six months it is about Rs. 86,000. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
It will sustain. 
Anand Singhal: 
It will sustain, Mr. Gurwara can comment, please. 
Sanjeev Gurwara: 
No, I am sure, this can sustain. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
The third thing is that there is one small suggestion, before going for a question, the company is 
doing wonderfully and we are doing, everything is, dynamic is being shown. Can you, your 
website, also change accordingly. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you for mentioning that. It is something that we are working on. We are working on 
making sure that our digital presence is enhanced, and it is representative of what IGL is 
transforming to be. And I am happy to get that encouragement that nudge from you, we are 
working on that as we speak. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
I am a shareholder for last 15 years and the same website is there, so thank you for changing it. 
And the last thing is that a Shakumbari Sugar, previously there was some say that you want to 
divest in Shakumbari Sugar. Now, the realizations are there, there is a good prospect for sugar 
industry, whether we are going forward with this proposal. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
You are right, and I would not be able to offer too many details and those are options that we 
are evaluating. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
And only one thing is that QIP, there were Rs. 250 crore QIP, that is in sanction for last so many 
years, whether we are going forward with this QIP in near future. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Anand Singhal: 
No sir, that is an enabling regulation which we are always doing from last eight years, as far as 
the company is not thinking of raising any QIP funds. 
Makarand Tilloo: 
So, the capital will be maintained as it is. 
Anand Singhal: 
Till now yes, I will say like that, if tomorrow management decides something else, then I can't 
comment on that. But still, as of now there is no inclination to raise any kind of funds from the 
capital markets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The first question is on potable spirit, so we have experienced the input cost inflation, but as I 
understand probably, that's the only segment which is a full driven segment. So, we did not take 
any price hike during the quarter or as a transitory increase in cost. And that’s the reason we are 
awaiting once the cost alleviate, we will take the price hike. 
SK. Shukla: 
See as per the Government policies, liquor is completely controlled by the Government. And we 
start price increase, the request to a Government from the last week of December. Generally, 
price excise policy will be finalized by the February end. So, Government will call the 
suggestions, will evaluate the packaging cost, raw material cost between somewhere January. 
And they will accordingly give the price increase from the February. 
So, because of peak increase in packaging materials so, we have already presented our case 
before the Government. And Government is seriously thinking. So, we hope that next year from 
the April onward we will get price increase with the good margin. And also, we are going to 
launch the new products in Delhi with the better margins and the premium products also in which 
we have a good margin. So, we are hoping a very good price increase in the Q4 and from the Q1 
of the next year. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
In short, what I have understood is that it is a tedious process, Rohit to get price increases both 
in IMFL and country liquor. And that makes it even if we intend to do it that makes it a little 
more time-consuming process. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The second question is now that our both distilleries are probably going to come to operations 
from March, April onwards, what is the kind of CAPEX plan we have frozen for FY22. And any 
further plans for FY ‘23, ‘24 given that once these projects are completed, we will have to look 
at for newer opportunities. So anything on the drawing board which we are currently working 
on, thank you. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. Rohit, as you said, they are on the drawing board. These projects obviously we need to 
execute, they are big projects. There are obviously some other smaller projects which are in the 
pipeline. And as we approve them internally, we will share with you all as well. To answer your 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
question whether we have frozen CAPEX for 2022 we may have an estimate, but we have not 
frozen that number as of now. We are in the process of working on it. 
Anand Singhal: 
Rohit has already informed in the last quarter also during this call, for the grain distillery, we are 
already undertaking a CAPEX of say about Rs. 325 crores and some miscellaneous CAPEX for 
‘22. But relating to ’22, ’23 that is always in process as Rupark Sir had just told, will come back 
to you if there is any major plan for the CAPEX. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICCI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
First on the Carbon Smart, where are we in the process of starting the manufacturing, that's #1. 
#2 Where we got this technology, is it in-house developed or we have licenses from LanzaTech 
and where are we sourcing carbon monoxide as of now, to commercialize this project. So that's 
on the Carbon Smart part of it. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, as far as Carbon Smart products are concerned, we have made products here, which have 
been sampled, hedge plan scale. However, the regular commercial sale of these products are 
expected to start in the next financial year that is one. The second thing is that as far as the 
technology is concerned, making Carbon Smart products has two technologies involved and that 
is why there is a collaboration between three companies. 
The first part of the technology involves converting carbon monoxide from various sources of 
emissions, big source of emissions into Carbon Smart ethanol, which is not something that we 
do, which is something that LanzaTech gets done. What we do, and that is where IGL is kind of 
unique, it converts that ethanol into Carbon Smart ethylene oxide and other derivatives. So, does 
that answer your question? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes, that answers my question. So basically, we are into ethanol to EO, while carbon monoxide 
to ethanol is done by LanzaTech. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Right so LanzaTech needed us because we are probably one amongst two companies or the only 
major one who does ethanol to ethylene oxide. And we needed somebody who had Carbon Smart 
ethanol for us to be able to convert it into Carbon Smart ethylene oxide and other derivatives. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
We don't intend to manufacture ethanol by licensing the LanzaTech technology. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Not in the pipeline as of now and it is relatively farfetched, because what you need to do is you 
need to setup these kinds of technologies and plants, together with big generators of carbon 
monoxide, for example, steel mills or big petrochemical complexes. It is very new right now, 
and Lanza has kind of made a few tie ups and it is now kind of rolling where we see more and 
more volumes coming into the market make it available next year onwards. I don't see in the 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
near future IGL planning anything of that kind. We may be adopting completely different 
technologies but not this. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One particular question for this quarter, Reliance had some issues with EO production. There 
was a shortage of EO in the market, were we able to supply the EO to the industries which were 
otherwise consuming it from the Reliance, had we that opportunity or in the longer term, India 
has only one manufacturer for EO, for a downstream chemical do we have a client to sell more 
EO in the market. Are we looking at the positioning? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Just to answer one question we have not so far being selling ethylene oxide into the market. We 
have only been consuming it in-house. However, Reliance has, they don't have an EO problem 
as such, as far as my understanding is concerned. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, the last quarter they had shut down. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
These are temporary issues where there is a lag. And there may be some opportunity for now 
our joint venture to supply some ethoxylate. But I would not see this as a significant opportunity 
to start selling more ethoxylate. Reliance also plans it out with their customers, and they have 
different plants where they schedule their shutdowns. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
We don't intend to sell EO in the open market that will continue to remain. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
We don't have any opportunities relevant to us where we can sell ethylene oxide, well if we do, 
obviously we will let you know. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
So, if we see the chemical segment despite our transfer to JV business, we have been able to 
maintain margins, because last year, perhaps you are not supplying to the JV and this time we 
are supplying some material to JV at lowest in margins, but despite that, we have been able to 
maintain margins. So, my humble submission is that if I understand your business correctly, it 
is dependent on raw material like ethanol and ethanol prices ups and downs create some sort of 
relative margin pressure on your company, either on the upside or on the downside. 
So, for us it is better to understand from a contribution perspective that what sort of contribution 
per tonnes that you are going to make in the chemical division. So, and the similar thing is 
equally important for your liquor business, where also the raw material price increase and 
decrease will create either upward or downward pressure on your top-line. So, your percentage 
margin is immaterial to look at, that is how perhaps I have understood your business. 
So, for us the most important factor is the contribution margin which is the per tonnes basis that 
we are going to make, and if that is showing us an upward trend, then perhaps your value addition 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
or your value maximization strategy is working. So, if you could report these numbers, though, 
you have given the volume numbers, but if that come in the PPT directly will be really helpful, 
the past trend that you have reported and going forward. So, that's a humble submission. And 
what is your take on, the thought process that probably, I am having at this point of time. So, 
most of the chemical companies, make us learn that how to look at the business because these 
sorts of raw material movement or the end product movement will keep happening, but if you 
are able to pass on your increase in raw material cost to the end consumer, then hopefully the 
margin trajectory or the absolute margin trajectory will be intact. So, some take on that will be 
really helpful. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
 So Bajrang thank you, for your question. And also asking us the maximum question so far 
overall in the last three or four months, but I heard you out, there is some advice and suggestion 
in your comment, and of course, we will look at it internally and see how we can make some of 
those parameters a part of the presentation that we make. And if you need anything more specific, 
I am sure you can be connected to Anand Ji and we can have a discussion. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
I was just trying to understand from your side also, that is it the right way to look at the company 
or just look at the relative operating margins that you report, or the absolute contribution that 
you make on the per tonnes basis. So, if you could clarify, that will be really helpful. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Bajrang, to be honest, there is no one right way. the good way is to keep looking at both. And 
we look at margins, but internally for some of our business, we also look at per kilo, or per kg 
or per unit or per tonne, whatever you say. I don't have those details to share with you right away, 
but you have made the valid points into how we should be looking at our business. we should 
be looking at both and one is more critical in some segments and one is more relevant in some 
other sectors that’s all. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
And on the bioenergy or the glycol-based ether side where you indicated that there is some sort 
of Coca Cola taking a bit less from us right now, because of their own commitments to the other 
side. So, overall if you see that the world is moving towards biochemistry or the green chemistry 
so some small customers that we have got. But in terms of trajectory, do we see, you know, the 
demand for this ether-based glycol or this biochemistry or maybe some other chemistry that you 
might enter into future will be on the, on the rising side, those symptoms are clear in the market 
on that side on a sustainable basis? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes, the short answer to your question is definitely yes. But it is a slow and steady process. The 
macro trends will not change, there may be short term blips here and there, and it is also seen in 
terms of the bio-MEG traction that we have, from one big customer to more than 10 different 
customers now, which actually from a margin perspective are even slightly more profitable. So, 
the traction is there, but it's a slow process and that macro trends as you and I have heard enough 
about is going to be that way and we will continue to evaluate other opportunities for value added 
bio-based ingredients. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Bajrang Bafna: 
And just my last question on the liquor business side, we are seeing that the volume upside that 
is coming up in your business, but can the IMFL side, which is more profitable as compared to 
country liquor, which is again dominated by lower margins as compared to IMFL. So, on a 
progressive basis maybe next one or two year or maybe three years kind of timeframe, how do 
you see that both contributions moving from a company perspective, 
S.K. Shukla: 
See, as far as the IMFL prospect is concerned, as we have already told you that Delhi is going 
to open the market and we are very aggressively pushing our products basically our premium 
products in these markets to gain the maximum advantage of the situation, which is the demand 
and supply gap in Delhi. 
Second thing, we are going to expand our market in the nearby states like Chandigarh, Punjab, 
Rajasthan, Delhi and UP where is the maximum presence. So regarding the country liquor 
segment which is our majority stake I already told you that the price increase request is pending 
before the Government and which will be considered by month of January and February. So, we 
are expecting good profit in the next year. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
And as far as the trajectory goes for IMFL and the country liquor, do you see that percentages 
in the overall revenue for IMFL is going to move up over the next two, three years kind of 
timeframe in terms of higher growth in IMFL business? 
S.K. Shukla: 
We are well prepared and we are confident that our business will be increased by more than 
100% in next year or next to next year ‘22 to ‘23. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
we in general this year as well as next year, our assessment is that we will see good growth in 
IMFL. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference to Mr. 
Rupark Sarswat for his closing comments. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you. So, on behalf of my colleagues here at Head Office of IGL, I would like to thank all 
of the participants who joined us and also showed so much interest in our presentation and asked 
us some very interesting, some of them difficult questions. No, thank you we all learn from it. 
Thank you very much and have a good evening, everybody. Thank you from this side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
India Glycols Limited 
Head Office 
2B, Sector – 126, Noida, 
Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201304 
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200 
Fax: +91-120-3090111 
Registered Office: 
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713 
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500 
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535 
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com 
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
 
