Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | 102, Wellington Business Park-I, Off Andheri Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059 
Communication Office |P 659, 6th floor, Tower C, JMD Megapolis, Sohna Road, Sector – 48, Gurgaon:122018 
(P) 0124-4992914 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990MH1994PLC080451 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q2/2021-22 
 
 
 
 
 
              November 29, 2021 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2021 conducted on November 12, 2021 at 09:30AM IST 
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Friday, 
November 12, 2021 at 09:30AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the second quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
The same shall also be available on the Company’s website. 
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 12, 2021 at 09:30AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
      
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairman, Managing Director 
& Chief Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Aniket Pandey – Prabhudas Lilladher  
 
 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited second 
quarter and half year ended FY2022 Earnings conference call hosted by Prabhudas 
Lilladher. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchstone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Aniket Pandey from Prabhudas Lilladher. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Aniket Pandey: 
Thank you Janice. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, we 
welcome you to the Q2 and H1 FY2022 conference call of Affle (India) Limited. I 
take this opportunity to welcome the management of Affle (India) limited 
represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum, who is Chairman, Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer of the company and Mr. Kapil Bhutani, who is Chief 
Financial & Operations Officer of the company. Before we begin with the 
questions, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in today’s 
conference call may be forward looking in nature and may involve some risks and 
uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide 21 of the Company’s earnings presentation for 
a detailed disclaimer. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for 
his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Anuj. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of you 
are keeping in good health. 
 
Affle delivered a landmark performance anchored on our entrepreneurial culture, 
tech innovations and continued execution focus on sustainable value creation 
powered by our Affle2.0 strategy. We concluded the recent quarter with highest 
revenue, highest conversions, highest CPCU rate, highest EBITDA and PAT till 
date. We delivered revenue growth of approximately 104% y-o-y and 80% q-o-q 
and achieved Q2 Revenue CAGR of 65.7% over the last 3 year period, much ahead 
of the industry growth trend. Our CPCU business noted a strong momentum 
delivering 48.7 million user conversions during the quarter, an increase of 73.3% 
y-o-y at an INR 51 CPCU rate.  
                                      Our growth was broad based across our top industry verticals and from both India 
and International markets. Powered by our ROI-linked CPCU business model and 
unique position in the industry, we continue to grow as the preferred mobile 
marketing company across global emerging markets and beyond. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
3 
 
 
Our India and International contribution, historically balanced at about 50:50 
each has now shifted in favour of International on account of our successful 
integration of Jampp and our efforts to build local on-ground presence in newer 
international markets. The contribution stood at about 66% International and 34% 
India in this quarter.  
 
Our focused execution on Affle2.0 strategy has enabled us to drive deeper 
verticalization for our advertisers across the E, F, G and H industry verticals. This 
has strengthened our moat and our Direct customers contribution has grown to 
74% of our revenue in H1 FY2022 vs 57% in FY2020. 
 
Our Consumer Platform propositions, tech IP portfolio and all our organic and 
inorganic investments are performing well in terms of profitable growth 
momentum and we continue to establish new thought leadership benchmarks in 
our industry globally. We won 81 recognitions across categories and geographies 
in the recent AppsFlyer Performance Index. Affle’s Appnext Platform was 
recognized as the Number-1 non-Self Reporting Network platform globally on 
Retention Index for Android in the Non-Gaming categories and Affle’s Jampp 
Platform was rated amongst the Top-10 platforms globally on the SKAN Index 
Power Rankings for iOS. 
 
Our consistent focus on R&D and tech IP creation has consistently delivered value 
to our customers and partners. We are thrilled to be granted 3 recent patent 
grants in the US taking our total US Patents granted to 6 as on date, with 14 other 
patents filed and pending across jurisdictions, having many applications and use 
cases for the future. I am incredibly proud that Affle for the 3rd consecutive time 
won the coveted ‘Enabling Technology Company of the Year’ at the MMA Smarties 
India 2021 (organized by Mobile Marketing Association). This significant win came 
together with 7 top campaign awards for Affle’s innovative mobile advertising 
campaigns. To ensure deeper understanding and appreciation of Affle’s Consumer 
Platform use cases, we have included three additional case studies in our Earnings 
Presentation showcasing the power of our platform to deliver consumer 
conversions and drive value for our customers. 
 
With the fundamental shift happening in consumers lifestyles towards mobile 
screens and connected devices, we remain optimistic of the global market 
opportunities and will continue our investments to enhance our market 
penetration. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
4 
 
 
With that, I now handover this discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani to discuss the 
financials. Thank you and over to you, Kapil. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Wishing everyone a good day and hope you all are keeping safe 
and well.  
 
Continuing our year-on-year strong growth momentum - In Q2 FY2022, the 
Company reported Revenue from Operations of Rs. 2,747 million, a growth of 
103.6% y-o-y. Sequentially, Q2 revenue increased by 80.2% q-o-q. We have seen 
growth in revenue coming across the verticals, platforms and geographies. Our 
H1 FY2022 revenue stood at 4,272 million, a growth of 90.1% y-o-y.  
 
Our EBITDA for this quarter stood at Rs. 521 million, an increase of 51.1% y-o-y 
and 48.6% growth q-o-q. EBITDA margin stood at 19.0%. Our EBITDA margin is 
lower than the previous period on account of the business combination of Jampp. 
Going ahead, we are confident of further optimizing the business model and the 
platform of Jampp, to enable margin expansion over time. 
 
We will continue to invest in our teams to deepen our market penetration and 
enhance our tech capabilities. We have recently floated our Employee Stock 
Option Scheme (ESOS) and granted the options to key team members across the 
Group. The response from the team members is encouraging on the options 
granted. 
 
Our Profit After Tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 476 million, a y-o-y increase of 
77.1%. Normalized Profit After Tax after adjusting for the gain on fair valuation 
of financial instruments was Rs. 420 million, an increase of 56.3% y-o-y and 47.2% 
q-o-q. 
 
We remain focused on working capital management and continue to see robust 
cash flows from revenue. In this quarter, we utilized our IPO proceeds for the 
stated purpose of working capital, for which we had seeked an extension from 
our shareholders.  
 
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Aniket Pandey from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
5 
 
Aniket Pandey: 
Thank you. Congrats Anuj on Affle’s great performance. I have a couple of 
questions. What is the revenue contribution and margin profile of the Jampp 
acquisition in this quarter? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We have a revenue contribution of about 30% on the consolidated basis and a 
little more than 10% PAT contribution, coming from Jampp. 
Aniket Pandey: 
Once Jampp’s tech platform gets fully integrated with Affle’s platform, will there 
be any redundancy between Jampp and Affle employees who are completely 
engaged in the R&D process? Do you expect to repurpose this talent and realize 
some cost at this moment? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The integration of Jampp was successfully completed in the last four months post 
the acquisition was concluded. We are confident that the integration that we 
have done and the plans that we had prior the acquisition are working well. 
Consequently, what you see within this Q2 itself is that not only have we managed 
to grow Jampp through upselling and cross-selling efforts, but we have managed 
to make it a profitable contributor. Jampp at the time of acquisition was at break-
even and now within the first quarter itself post-consolidation, we have achieved 
about 5% profitability on Jampp’s business. Now, as Kapil mentioned, Jampp’s 
revenue contribution was about 30% on consolidated basis and on its own revenue, 
it is giving about 5% EBITDA margin and the rest of the business of Affle on an 
organic basis has delivered overall continual momentum of robust growth. On an 
organic basis, we have seen strong growth of around 34% on revenue y-o-y which 
is ahead of the industry growth trend and on a normalized PAT basis, around 37% 
y-o-y growth has been realized organically. Even on the Jampp specific investor 
call held after the acquisition was done, we had mentioned that it will take us 
some time before we graduate Jampp’s bottomline to a higher level, taking it to 
mid-teens and then to around 20% in the next one & a half to two & a half years. 
So, we are  confident of what we have done in Q2 where Jampp achieved around 
5% EBITDA margin on its standalone revenue powered through Jampp platform. 
We are already on a good track and trend to build on this momentum as we 
continue to do further integration of certain technology components as well as 
the business model enhancements. The outcomes that we had registered worked 
well for Mediasmart and Appnext, it would also work well for Jampp and we are 
only getting better at it. 
Aniket Pandey: 
Last question from my side. Previous quarter, you had mentioned that Jampp is 
expected to be converted to a 100% CPCU pricing model. Is it almost complete, 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
6 
 
and if not, is there any further scope of improving the price per converted user 
for Jampp? Thanks. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
In terms of upgrading the Jampp’s business model, its fair to say that we had 
educated all the customers and also done the platform level initial changes. But 
in terms of driving the efficiencies at which that model is run whether in terms 
of CPCU rate pricing or with respect to the margin profile of the business, there 
is still a lot of progressive room for improvement. The way to look at it is that at 
Jampp’s ~5% performance in terms of EBITDA or bottom line contribution for its 
revenue, our goals are clear. That within this financial year with two more 
quarters to go, we hope to bring it up to high single-digit contribution. Going 
forward into the next year, then build it to mid-teens and further closer to 20% 
in the coming years. That is the playbook that Affle had when we did earlier 
acquisitions as well and it remains the same for Jampp too. We will see further 
improvement which will come through further optimizations on the tech stack as 
well as on the business model. The cultural integration, business model 
integration and the initial tech integrations have already worked well and showing 
in this quarter results. We are encouraged by our performance in Q2 with respect 
to the Jampp acquisition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. we have the next question from the line of Manish Poddar from Nippon 
India. Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Hi Anuj. Congrats on the good performance. Two questions. Firstly, if we look at 
our base revenue excluding Jampp, we were at Rs. 1,350 million in Q2 last year 
and now we are at, let’s say around Rs. 1,900 million this quarter organic basis. 
So, despite that the operating leverage in the business level didn’t much kick in. 
Could you help me understand if we are passing out the incremental pricing to 
get more volumes, to achieve higher scale? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Our gross margin is quite stable, excluding the dip in the gross margin which is 
reflective of the Jampp acquisition and consolidation. The leverage of the 
efficiencies which you are not seeing, is because it is getting invested in our 
human resources to expand our markets and broaden our growth pace. We will 
continue to invest whatever leverages we are getting into the expansion of the 
business. We have consistently maintained that Affle is a growth organization and 
we will continue to invest in its processes as well as manpower to continue our 
growth momentum.  

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
7 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The fact that the normalized PAT growth from the business which is about 37% 
plus is reflective of how we are performing. Our strategic investments in growing 
our presence globally and strategy for deeper verticalization execution across 
emerging markets as well as certain developed markets, is working out well. We 
are seeing an expansion in EBITDA and profit on an organic basis on the back of 
strong, consistent investment in our organic growth and expansion. The focus of 
the company is on the Affle2.0 strategic vision which is to grow the business 
consistently for the decade ahead. I believe the foundation in terms of the tech 
stack, acquisitions, IP portfolio and all these investments are working well. Now 
it is being backed up further by the on-ground presence and drawing our team’s 
capability in those markets so that we can establish our increasing market 
leadership across key verticals where we are strong. It is consistent execution 
strategy and I am happy with the way things are responding and our belief in the 
stock option plan. I take immense pride  in the way the organization is executing.  
Manish Poddar: 
That is true. The cash on books as of date is roughly about Rs. 5,500 odd million. 
Can you help me understand how this cash book would be at the end of this year 
or for some time next year? Also, when is the outflow for Jamp expected? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We would be organically increasing our cash flow from operations in this annual 
kitty. If we may decide to make further investments in expanding the business, 
that will be a cash-out but there cannot be future guidance on that. Positively, 
there will be an incremental cash increase in the balance sheet from the 
operations. Coming on to the outflow for Jampp, the initial payment has been 
done in June 2021 and some in July 2021. The next payment tranche is due in 
June 2022.  
Manish Poddar: 
To understand that better, post that our cash on books will be around the Rs. 
3,000 to 3,500 million bracket? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The next tranche is not too heavy, it will be in the near range of around USD 8 
million. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay, that's all, thank you. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Historically, we have funded our acquisitions through internally accrued cash 
flows. As we continue to grow our profitability and convert that into cash from 
operations, we will see that a lot of these acquisitions are funded through 
operating cash flows on an ongoing basis. We expect to maintain a continuous 
good cash position and a strong balance sheet. When the right opportunity comes,  

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
8 
 
we will do further inorganic as well as organic investments to deliver growth. 
That is how you should look at us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divesh Mehta from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Divesh Mehta: 
Thank you for taking my question. In terms of margins of the previously acquired 
businesses, starting from Mediasmart. Can we get a rough idea of how and where 
are they in terms of their progress of margin improvement? Also, with respect to 
Jampp, our current profitability is around 5%, which is on PAT or EBITDA? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
As mentioned earlier in my discourse, if we look at the pattern of the acquisition 
that Affle has done, we acquired companies when they were at their break-even 
level or just at the cusp of turning towards profitability. Then, we have a clear 
path to bring them to a high single-digit level of profitability in Year 1 and to mid-
teens in Year 2. By the time we are in Year 3, we want them to be at the same 
quality of unit economics that we enjoy in our organic business. With respect to 
Mediasmart as well as Appnext or any prior acquisition, the phased plan to 
improve the bottomline contribution of the business has worked well for us. It 
gave us the confidence to then continue to do a bigger transaction of Jampp and 
further transactions with companies based in North America, South America, etc. 
The larger transaction side was backed by the fact that our track record in the 
execution of inorganic acquisition is solid and boosted our confidence. Similarly, 
it is with Jampp now. Your question on Jampp’s 5% is a bit opaque. I would say, 
looking at it from both lenses, and very granularly tracking that, about 5% on 
EBITDA and PAT growth should not be dramatically different. You can take it as 
around 5% of EBITDA at this moment. 
Divesh Mehta: 
Okay. In terms of previous acquisitions, while you have highlighted that they are 
going well on track? Just to quantify it in some way, again exact numbers cannot 
be mentioned but looking at Mediasmart and Appnext, are we already in a range 
of 10% to 15% EBITDA level. I don’t want exact numbers but on the directions 
side? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Yes, that is correct. Both these acquisitions are now in Year 2 and we are heading 
for mid to high teens in terms of margins at the bottomline level. It is going as 
per plan and was mentioned in our commentary too, that all our organic as well 
as inorganic investments are performing well in terms of profitable growth 
momentum. The momentum and trendline is doing well on every granular aspect 
for the investments we had made. We are confident that it is a broad-based 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
9 
 
growth happening across markets and across customer verticals. Our teams are 
well-aligned to achieve those goals, their KPIs, incentives and now adding to the 
top are the stock options which are keeping the organizational execution 
completely aligned to these goals.  
Divesh Mehta: 
Last question, in terms of our expansion into other geographies, how are we doing 
there? Have there been any in-roads and any qualitative commentary in terms of 
us getting into some big clients or something which we can see to get an idea of 
how are we progressing on that front? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Starting with the qualitative aspect, it can be seen with the fact that our key 
platforms are achieving strong recognitions, whether it is the industry indeces or 
the industry awards, the kind of customers campaigns winning accolades for us 
consistently as well as indicated qualitatively in the case studies that we have 
shared. In the last earnings presentation, we had shared three case studies. This 
time we have added three additional case studies to give a much clearer 
qualitative glimpse of what is happening on the platform, what are the 
capabilities that Affle has and how are the customers are benefiting. We are 
trying to ensure that you build a deeper appreciation of what is fundamentally 
happening at Affle, beyond just financial numbers. That is an interesting effort 
from our side to ensure that our investors deeply appreciate and understand the 
power of our platforms and how we are doing across emerging markets, not just 
India, but Indonesia and Malaysia case studies were shared too. We are 
progressively looking at the planning of the Analyst/Investor Day which will come 
soon and more insights into more markets can be shared. The broad-based growth 
and the verticalization strategies are working well. They have strengthened our 
moat alongside building our confidence to go ahead and invest in people on-
ground presence in those markets. We will do that when we are sure. All our 
investments are done prudently, whether organic or inorganic. The fact that we 
are investing in the global expansion of those markets is a strong indicator that 
things are working well, our platform is delivering and our strategies are working. 
Therefore, we are investing to scale deeper to multiple geographies.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prashant from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Arun Prashant: 
Thanks. The first question is on the recent case filed against Google by a group 
of interested parties in Texas where it is alleged that Google's demand-side 
platform has an unfair advantage and it engaged in anti-competitive practices. In 
the context of India, what is your current opinion on this issue, if you could 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
10 
 
elaborate it? As a follow-up to that question, assuming that the level playing field 
is created as a result of this litigation, can you explain this scenario by taking us 
through a hypothetical campaign where Affle can benefit from this favorable 
outcome?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I will take the opportunity to share with all the members on the call that Affle 
has sixteen years of experience in the ecosystem focused exclusively on mobile 
marketing unlike other companies, I can proudly say that we have not pivoted or 
needed to pivot our business model. Mobile marketing has been an anchoring 
focus and interesting regime of the company till now. The ecosystem has gone 
through tremendous changes and adaptations over these sixteen years, right from 
when we started. It was before Google had acquired Android, before Apple had 
launched anything on the iPhone, Nokia was then the king, Blackberry was cool 
and Affle was still doing mobile marketing. We saw a massive change with the 
touch screen compact devices and we all know that lot of changes happened in 
the ecosystem. Affle has maintained a strong execution track record to maneuver 
through various changes. The answer to that is our culture of keeping ahead with 
the tech innovations consistently which has helped us maneuver through any kind 
of ecosystem-level changes. In the last 5 to 6 years, we have seen data privacy 
coming in Europe, then GDPR in Singapore as the Personal Data Protection Act, 
we have seen that as well. Most recently, there was nervousness around iOS 14 
and related policies. We have shown that we had the foresight to do the Jampp 
acquisition and knew some of the things that they and we were working on can 
be leveraged to make a head start into the new iOS 14. Our Jampp has 
consequently seen that as an addition to the top 10 global platforms on SKAN 
network. What we are trying to establish is based on Affle’s historical credentials, 
that we have a strong track record of maneuvering through any changes that are 
happening at the ecosystem level. Now, with respect to Google and Facebook, 
Affle’s view is that we operate in an ecosystem where we are Biotic. We are not 
head-on competing or fighting against Google or Facebook. On the contrary, we 
integrate our tech platform on Google and Facebook so that we can find consumer 
audiences and drive conversions for our customers from their touchpoints as well. 
Hence, we are neutral to what happened exactly, whether Google or Facebook 
or platforms like that will see any further slippings by any regulations or checks 
and balances and how much they have or don't have. My long term view is that 
the non-Google, Facebook part of the ecosystem will continue to grow at least at 
par with the rest of the digital advertising growth if not much better over time. 
That is with the belief that the advertisers have over-allocated their budget on 
Google and Facebook so far. There are a lot more competent platforms with 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
11 
 
complimenting capabilities that can drive higher ROI & value for the advertisers 
over time. Therefore, we will see that all of these platforms will continue to grow 
but the non-google, Facebook part, in my opinion, should grow faster for multiple 
factors. Now, specific to what is happening to India, let us wait for the outcomes 
of the cases. We are watching it equally with interest and preparing ourselves for 
all the opportunities and possibilities. 
Arun Prashant: 
That is helpful Anuj. I wanted to understand how much of our current 
performance or our growth rate would be different if this level playing field is 
already there, if you can take a wild guess? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The way we look at it is that, the average industry growth rate in India for digital 
should be in the range of 25% to 30% CAGR for the next several years to come but 
it is encompassing all companies like Facebook, Google in it. I believe that Affle 
will continue to grow better than the average industry growth trend. The last 
several years already show our Q2 revenue CAGR growth of 65.7% for the last 3 
year period and if we try to slice and dice it with Jampp or without Jamp, then 
also you will find that we have a fantastic growth trend. Therefore, we are 
already doing well, will continue to do well and are confident and bullish about 
it. Can we uptick and improve it further? Let’s wait and see. Let us not simulate 
a scenario that has not happened entirely but even if the status quo changes, I 
belive we will continue to do better than the average industry growth rate 
hopefully and if the status-quo shifts in the favor of non-Google and Facebook, 
we will take advantage of that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Lata from MG Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Sanjay Lata: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers Sir. In our previous interaction, you had 
mentioned that inventory and data cost will be in the range of  55-60% of the 
sales while in this quarter and half year, this ratio has increased. Can you throw 
some light on how should we look at this ratio going forward? Also, why there is 
an increase in the inventory of data cost? Lastly, what is our strategy for the same 
going ahead? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As you would have seen in our earnings presentation, we consolidated Jampp’s 
business with Affle’s and that is reflected in our consolidated financials. It was 
mentioned in Jampp’s acquisition call in July that gross margins for the 
standalone Jampp business are significantly lower than Affle’s organic margins. 
There is an impact of about 4% to 5% coming only from Jampp, in our consolidated 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
12 
 
financials. Excluding Jampp, as mentioned this point earlier also, there is no 
impact on the gross margins on the Non-Jampp business of the company. We have 
increased about 100 basis points over the last year’s performance of gross margins 
in the organic business. 
Sanjay Lata: 
Sir, how should we look at this ratio going forward? Let’s say, in the next coming 
two to three quarters, this ratio can come down to 58% or will this be eliminated? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
It will not improve in the next two to three quarters. As Anuj mentioned 
previously, it will improve gradually from here but to say that it will come down 
to where Affle is, in the next two to three quarters, will not happen. Yes, we will 
try to improve the business model of Jampp to the extent that in the next 5-6  
quarters, maybe 6 quarters, we will come close to where Affle’s organic margins 
are. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawala from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Good Morning and thank you for taking my question. I would like to understand 
that the average CPCU has been in the range of INR 41 to 42 and this quarter it 
has spiked to INR 50+. Wanted to understand the reason behind the same. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Typically, the CPCU is balanced basis the function of business composition 
between India and the international markets. The international markets have a 
higher rate compared to what we see in India. This quarter, because our 
contribution from international business is higher, consequently the CPCU 
average has gone up to what I believe you have mentioned now. We believe that 
we can sustain this level of contribution. As India and international mix stabilizes, 
we will see the CPCU rate stabilizing too. Also, as we improve the verticalization 
strategy across the newer markets where we are executing, we will have the 
capability to also improve the CPCU rate further and we will explain that as it 
happens. Until now, it was hovering between INR 40-42, now it has gone up to 
INR 50+. It is because of the higher contribution of international business. The 
average is moving up at this moment and I expect it to hover around this and then 
improve it further progressively with our verticalization strategy and executing 
deeper within the international geographies. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Understood, that was well explained. Wanted to clarify that while you had 
mentioned earlier in the call that contribution from India and international used 
to be 50:50 each and now it is tilting in favor of international. So, where do we 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
13 
 
expect this mix to stabilize, like you said, once verticalization and full integration 
of Jampp takes place. Are we saying that it will be strictly 66:34 or are we saying 
that it will be 70:30 or any other number? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Hard to provide specific number at this stage but India is our home ground and 
our home market. We would expect it to contribute about 30% plus to our business 
as India is the single-largest contributing market. The international business as 
we already know contributes about 66% now, but because the number of markets 
and geographies that we will continue to invest further into and grow, we will 
see a higher addressable market size in the international business while India will 
continue to be the anchoring market for us. A lot of innovations and strategies 
are almost always first rolled out in India, whether it is the connected TV product, 
connected household item or the omnichannel platform that we see, the 
emphasis on execution deeply in India remains, be it the vernacular strategy or 
the verticalization. Our focus on India execution is disproportionately high and 
the teams on the ground which are looking at India are 100% focused on young 
India. The teams which are looking at other international geographies are also 
bringing market-specific execution focus in those geographies so that there is no 
dilution of focus happening in terms of execution, be it India, South East Asia,  
Middle East, Africa or any verticalized focus in developed markets as well. We 
are clear about our execution strategy and this contribution will be a function of 
how business expansion continues to happen. But for now, it should hover in the 
range of 30% plus for India. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Understood. My next question is with respect to converted users. We see very 
strong q-o-q and y-o-y growth, if we look at it on a full-year basis or even if we 
track it every quarter. Wanted to understand, where is this growth coming from? 
Is this simply expanding into newer geographies or now that we have some proof 
of concept of getting more business from the same client, any color you can share 
on the same? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
First and foremost, the macro factors in the industry will continue to be favorable 
due to the active adoption of this business model of converted users as more and 
more users from the emerging markets are going to become online shoppers for 
all kinds of lifestyle products and services across industry verticals. The consumer 
trend is very strong and it is a multi-layer trend as Covid has accelerated it. We 
expect that to continue because once people are hooked on to digital. It is a trend 
that is there to stay and continues to accelerate, that's one. In terms of the 
advertisers, the industry verticals that we are working on and the clear strategy 
on verticalization, where we are increasingly seeing direct advertisers working 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
14 
 
with us for over 74% of our revenues. This strategy is working well on an broad 
basis across the top verticals contributing over 90% of the revenues. Within those 
verticals, we see existing customers, new customers as well and our sales teams 
continuously pushing on the growth parameters and this is happening across 
countries. It is happening for us in India and across international markets. What 
gives me greater confidence is that the growth is highly broad-based. It is not 
that suddenly one customer has become great or one contract has become big. It 
is broad-based growth coming across verticals, geographies from existing and new 
customers and that is sustainable in my opinion. The engine of growth is working 
and the momentum is strong. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal and 
Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for taking my questions. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I 
have 3 questions primarily. Firstly, if you could give the converted users in the 
organic business and what was the contribution from Jampp in the converted 
users this time? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The contribution from Jampp on converted users has not been published in our 
earnings reports but it will be sufficient to say that in international market, the 
CPCU rates are higher and the number of conversions is not so high. In terms of 
the contribution from organic businesses, it is more than 80%, actually hovering 
close to 90% is coming from organic business conversions and 10% to less than 20% 
is coming from the inorganic. The focus of the company as we go forward will 
continue to be on the converted and conversion-based ROI focussed business 
models as we execute and expand our business across the world. We see a very 
strong upward swing of this business model and what encourages us is that we 
can execute on this business model, even on certain verticals in developed 
markets on iOS as well. That is extremely encouraging and something to look 
forward to as we continue to scale and expand. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for that. My second question is regarding Jampp itself. Sir, we have 
seen strong growth in this quarterly run rate while in CY’20 (announced at the 
time of acquisition), the quarterly run rate for Jampp was around 7.4 million 
dollars which roughly converts into 545 million rupees and this quarter 
contribution of 30% to our consolidated revenue, amounts to around Rs. 800 
million roughly. My question is, is this the normalized growth rate or what is the 
normalized run rate that we can assume, so that we can get some future earnings 
estimates? 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
15 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Let me answer that qualitatively so that you can understand much better from 
the ground execution perspective. Before the acquisition, Jampp was in a tough 
spot as it was not profitable, certainly not cash flow positive and were therefore, 
playing on the back foot. There was covid impact across all of their markets and 
their key customers were down. Therefore, from a management execution 
mindset, it was survival mode for them or if I may recall in cricket analogy - 
staying on the backfoot just to keep wickets in hand and not score runs. I believe, 
they were just on the backfoot. With the acquisition, we were able to bring 
entrepreneurial culture to the forefront, the growth mindset, the go-ahead and 
get the business mindset and also the fact that they are back in the limelight. 
The cash in the bank account of the company is back and the baggage of dealing 
with conflicted interests of all kinds of investors had gone away. Now it's just 
Affle. There is money in the bank account and clarity of direction. So, think of it 
that from a defensive play, keeping the wicket flat to now let us go & score, is 
what has changed. Cultural integration and financial integration have worked 
well. We got the audits and compliances achieved within a short span in this 
quarter across geographies. The debt integration has also got well due to better 
extraction of budgets from the customers because now we propose a broader set 
of capabilities and then we consequently see the positive impact on profitability 
as well. Thus, there is growth on all fronts including growth on-team quarterly 
investing. In the case of Jampp, their team was raw and was shown the growth 
path and profitable growth momentum is the keyword in order to continue to 
grow as that is important. The correct definition of the question to ask where the 
business should have been and if we look at CY’20, had they made a more clear 
strategy, had funding, etc., then they would have probably done better. We had 
analyzed all of that and when we acquired the business, our teams  were clear 
on how we will turn it around by bringing additional scale, growth, a better 
business model with pricing efficiency and then one step at a time, improve its 
profitability. Now, where it stands now, we would want to focus on enhancing 
profitability metrics versus the scaling with the approximately 5% contribution on 
EBITDA & PAT. The priorities are clear to get the unit economics to a better place 
and continue to scale but priority number one is to get their unit economics right.  
I am not giving any guidance on continuous growth momentum and if we over-
deliver on that, it is something to celebrate. The focus entiretly is on execution 
which is clear, to improve the unit economics and scale sensibly through internal 
accrued positive cash flows that are generated in the business. I believe that is 
the best way to answer it at the moment. 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to the participants, 
please limit your questions to one per participant. You may join the question 
queue if you need a follow-up. The next question is from the line of Ruchi Burde 
from BOB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ruchi Burde: 
Congratulations to the team for the excellent numbers. Several questions starting 
with the US policy changes. Though this forum has discussed it a lot but, we get 
a lot of questions on this. In the US with the iOS policy changes, we saw  diverse 
impact on the businesses of the small advertisers, wherein the Android system 
benefited a lot in terms of rate increases. Did we also experience the same, any 
comments on that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Two comments on this. One is - Affle strongly executes in the emerging markets 
which consequently makes us very strong on Android and secondly, the fact that 
we had done the acquisition of Jampp. At the time of acquisition, if we look back, 
when iOS 14 rolled out, we mentioned that we want to take the opportunity 
heads-on and grow in that segment at the back of our credentials, that Affle is 
very strong on Android. When the advertisers became shaky on what will happen 
to iOS and looked for partners who are very strong in Android, we came out and 
said, hey, we are the strong players in emerging markets and Android.  Choose us 
and also we now have an on-ground presence in North America where the iOS 14 
impact was the strongest. We had differentiated capabilities that were rolled out 
to the advertisers to give them confidence on both fronts that hey, as an 
advertiser, we want to reach out to consumers and drive ROI. They were shaky 
on iOS and budgets, then we came out with certain innovations and re-affirmed 
them that Android is our home ground from an emerging markets perspective. It 
worked to our advantage and this is what was mentioned earlier, whenever an 
ecosystem-level 
change 
happens, 
the 
organizations 
which 
have 
the 
entrepreneurial spirit in culture and tech innovations backed capabilities that are 
pre-empted in nature are always investing for the future. We are not reacting to 
what happened and quickly scramble over something, we are only investing 
ahead. Both of these combinations with clear execution focus are the way Affle 
moved ahead and made the most of the opportunities. We have benefited on 
Android as well as on iOS. That is shown in our results. Some people might have 
underscored expectations and are now calibariting it as overperformance, but I 
believe this is the right level of performance based on the execution strategies 
we put in place. 
Ruchi Burde: 
That is great to hear. Anuj, we are predominantly operating in the Android market 
but even if we look at market mix in India also, the iOS would make up, if not 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
17 
 
more, at least double-digit number mix. If we look at our devices, how was your 
experience on the iOS devices in the last quarter? Did you see any drop in the 
efficacy of your platform especially for the iOS devices or it was not material?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
We wouldn't say that the change was immaterial. The industry has seen that the 
change is material but with that material change, there are some fundamentals 
of our industry which will not change. The advertisers budget did not shrink  and 
the advertisers budget for digital is only increasing; whether it is going to Android 
or iOS or to Google, Facebook, etc. It is an all-round growth in terms of advertisers 
who want to spend on digital to connect with consumers. This macro trend is a 
pillar of strength as the demand for digital advertising from the businesses, small 
and large across verticals and markets is strong. Next is the consumers trend. The 
consumers who use iOS device are still valuable and they will continue to do 
conversions from the mobile phone, whether this way or that way. They are also 
deeply married to their devices. There are two sides to the ecosystem. On one 
side, the advertisers budget are there and on the other side consumers are not 
leaving the trend. The rest of it is technical execution at this stage of what will 
happen and how to make it happen. The thing is those who can adapt are rising 
faster and those who are unable to adapt would scramble through just in time. 
As  mentioned earlier, we benefited on both sides on iOS as well as Android. I am 
confident that we will continue to further improve and execute better going 
forward. The nervousness or risk around the chain is behind us because we have 
crossed that hurdle with strong outcomes. It builds confidence because we have 
seen customers across verticals which is a huge booster in our conviction of where 
we are headed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulation on a great set of numbers. Most of 
my questions have been answered. Just couple of minor things that I would like 
to clarify. Firstly, Jampp was well explained in terms of outlook but from a more 
sustainable point of view, given the kind of market it is playing in and with the 
cultural shift that we spoke about, what are the ideal growth rate it should aspire 
for because the market opportunities could be a little different from what we 
have, 25%-30% kind of a mindset at the corporate level. So, any inputs on that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The underlying assessment for any acquisition that Affle does and it is our internal 
assessment which I am sharing with you as not only does it apply to Jampp or our 
earlier acquisitions, but also in future if we do any further acquisitions. The 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
18 
 
playbook is clear. One, we will only acquire those businesses that we believe we 
can continue to build and grow with the kind of growth momentum that we expect 
from Affle overall which is to beat the industry growth trend. With about 25% to 
30% CAGR growth that we see from a broad business base of digital advertising, 
we expect every part of the business to grow that way, that’s one. Secondly, we 
expect to turnaround the acquired businesses where they are at break-even or 
struggling to be profitable over this period and for that we give ourselves about 
2 to 3 years to bring them to high teens and then around 20% EBITDA margin 
performance over that period. Earlier, we talked about Jampp from a bottom-
line growth perspective and now, we ask about Jampp from a top-line growth 
perspective. Let’s say, give us 1+ year to make their unit economics reach to a 
level where the growth is organically funded through profitable cash flows, which 
is number one. Then, the next priority comes where we get to the same level of 
CAGR growth rate for the future, which should be at least 20% if not higher and 
then growing it to about 25-30% CAGR over the longer term. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks. Last question is related to the capital available on our balance sheet. 
Firstly, are we at a point given the stability in the Jampp integration process, to 
consider another big acquisition if it comes our way? Secondly, in the standalone 
operations of this quarter, a significant jump in the inventory and Data cost is 
seen i.e 25%. Is it because we might have some optimization in terms of booking 
this cost at an enterprise level in the standalone operations or is it only relevant 
for the standalone revenues? Thank you. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On your first question with respect to bandwidth, whether it is financial 
bandwidth proportion of the acquisition or management bandwidth proportion of 
the acquisition, we can assure you that the acquisition of Jampp has only 
increased our management bandwidth and capability and not consumed or 
entangled it. The quality of the management team of Jampp is strong i.e. the top 
leadership and the depth of it. The fact that we now have a strong management 
team that is aligned with us for the long-term in those geographies is a big 
advantage of the Jampp acquisition. Therefore, the ability for us to do any 
acquisition whether in terms of financial bandwidth or terms of management 
bandwidth is strong. Having said that, we are highly prudent with respect to the 
acquisitions and the investments that we do. Over time, we have learnt that doing 
a carefully calibrated acquisition is more important than just completing a 
transaction. There is no undue pressure or stress even if have cash sitting there, 
let us do something or we have the bandwidth, so why don’t you do something? 
If we find the right targets, we assure you that we will do it. Also, finding the 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
19 
 
right target has many factors that one has to see and we will carefully calibrate 
it. There is no short-term or medium-term guidance for this. The readiness, 
capabilities and options are there and we will choose the right time to do it. For 
the second part of the question, Kapil can help you understand better. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The inventory cost was compared on a sequential basis with standalone. Request 
you to compare it on a y-o-y basis because every quarter has its availability of 
inventory and the costs associated with it. If one compares it with the y-o-y 
September standalone, we will find that the metrics are apt. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samir Choksey from Indus Equity. 
Please go ahead. 
Samir Choksey: 
My congratulations to Mr. Khanna Sohum and the rest of the team on an excellent 
set of numbers.  Will just limit my question to one and it is slightly elaborate. 
This pertains to Affle’s future growth narrative. So far, the company has been 
largely focused on visual advertising as a medium. But today we see advertising 
through voice-based mediums is doing as well and we see for example, Spotify 
provides voice-based ads in it is a free version before song streaming. We are also 
seeing conversational e-commerce ads are growing rapidly. Therefore, bearing 
this in mind, do we foresee this is as a business opportunity for Affle? Is it 
something we believe can be addressed with our R&D capabilities? Also, would it 
be fair to say that the Affle2.0 strategy could accommodate a third V besides 
verticalization and vernacular in the form of voice?. These are used largely on the 
back of podcast-based IP. If you could just share some views on that, that would 
be great. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
That is a great question. Thanks for your references to our 2Vs strategy of Affle2.0 
as well as our voice-based podcast patent that was granted to us in the US. It is 
right, that this is a growth opportunity for us. When we look at connected 
households and connected devices. I am elaborating to give a vision or an intense 
view of how consumers and all of us would behave going forward. The household 
will have voice-based devices, our wearable devices will have voice commands 
and we will be changing the lights and the fan speeds and the A/C turn-off using 
voices. Thus, home automation is expected to happen over the next several years. 
Our cars will have these capabilities. While the mobile device and the connected 
TVs will continue to be strong visually-led devices and will form a big part of the 
consumer experience for the next three to five years. There will be an increase 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
20 
 
in a number of wearable devices, home automation connected devices that will 
come, where the interactions would be different as we would be listening to it or 
there will be visual commands. OR when we are listening to something for 
example, music, none of us would necessarily want to interrupt that experience 
by having an ad playing in between that song, whether it is a bhajan or a 
Bollywood or a Hollywood etc. None of us would want sudden out-of-context 
audio ads playing in between. There will be components of visual advertising 
together with the voice-based and integrated experience of data. One of the ways 
to deal with it is for example when we are driving a car and see something on the 
screen while listening to something with ears, neither can we capture nor can we 
interrupt that because there is another audio playing. Then, using gestures to do 
a command, if we are interested in something thinking, ‘Oh yeah, I like this, let 
us keep it for later, I will look into it will require smart gestures. Those are the 
kind of consumer behavior use cases where Affle has already done research on 
and has patents related to such technologies. The patent was granted and is a 
clear indicator that not only are we giving lip-service to future events but are 
investing into them and building comparative moat on that, before these become 
big market opportunities. The fact that we already launched our connected TV 
and connected household initiatives in India last year is a clear indicator because 
the market is very nascent but we have already launched our products. We are 
ahead of the curve and are excited about these possibilities. But the next three 
to five years, these visual ads are not going anywhere. It is only going to grow and 
the voice will be nascent, small but an exciting space and we love to be in exciting 
spaces. That is what we like about our industry and will continue to see that as 
an opportunity and build IP in that area. We are holistic in our thinking and our 
strategy. 
Samir Choksey: 
Thanks for that. One quick follow-up. With regards to your new patents which we  
filed in the USA related to the blockchain IP for fraud detection and the podcast-
based IP. Do you see these bringing in revenue anytime soon or could you give 
some sense on that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I want all the investors to know that IP and Patents are foundational blocks of any 
tech innovative company and are strong indicators about the future of the 
company. Questions like what is it that we have IP for, what are we building and 
what are the directional things that are happening and then why do we apply it 
in the US? It is because the US is one market where these IPs are most valued. It 
is one of the largest markets in the world. So, even though we are not necessarily 
on the ground executing, we make sure that our IP innovations are recognized 

Affle (India) Limited  
November 12, 2021 
 
21 
 
and registered over there because that is where it is most valuable. We can then 
command revenue possibilities overtime over there. It is lesser about immediate 
revenue and financials but more about strategic long-term sustainable growth 
direction of the company and reflecting the culture of the organization that we 
are creating. We are inventors first then we are entrepreneurs. We invent new 
things, execute and commercialize first as entrepreneurs and then we execute 
for scale & growth for market leadership and thought leadership. Those are the 
steps. The patents that we have filed whether granted or not are clear indicators 
of that. It is also a defensive strategy against some of the larger companies who 
could throw patent walls at smaller companies to keep them out. We make sure 
to neutralize it by having our own set of patent portfolios to counter it when that 
happens. It also works as a deterrent in case somebody was anti-us on some 
patents. We can counter that by being on their home ground and having these 
patents granted, so they better watch out for that. There are forward-looking 
foundational strategies and also defensive strategies in the IP portfolio. We cover 
both grounds with what we have done. It’s not just about short-term to what is 
happening to revenue and profits but a decade-long view for the Affle2.0 
strategy. This is how you should see IP and patent-related updates from us. 
Samir Choksey: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the paucity of time we take that as the 
last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference back to the 
management for their closing comment. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you so much for joining the call today. I would like to congratulate all our 
shareholders and also those who are interested in evaluating Affle as an 
investment. Q2 result is a landmark performance and a validation of our 
entrepreneurial culture, innovation and continued execution focus on the 
Affle2.0 strategy. We look forward to updating more as we progress in the next 
half of this financial year. All the best and take care. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, we conclude today’s conference. 
Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines 
***end*** 
 
