 
Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2021 
 
November 9, 2021 
 
 
The Relationship Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
                                     
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on October 28, 2021 
 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated October 13, 2021 towards investor/ 
analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your records a copy of 
the transcript of the said conference call conducted by the Company on October 28, 2021. 
 
We request you to please take this intimation on your record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 VINAYA 
ABHIJIT JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
VINAYA ABHIJIT JOSHI 
Date: 2021.11.09 
10:06:20 +05'30'

 
Cummins India Ltd. 
CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
 
October 28th, 2021 
 
 
 
SPEAKERS: 
Management, Cummins India Ltd. 
Moderator: 
Good Morning, Ladies and Gentlemen. Hope you are all doing great and staying 
safe! On behalf of Cummins India Limited, I would like to welcome all of you 
to CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call. I would like to greet Mr. 
Ashwath Ram, MD Cummins India Limited, Mr. Ajay Patil, CFO Cummins 
India Limited and the Leadership Team. Over to you Mr. Ashwath Ram to 
present the Financial Results. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Good Morning ladies and gentlemen. First of all, thank you for taking out your 
valuable time to attend this call. I am Ashwath Ram, Managing Director of 
Cummins India Limited. I hope you and your family are doing well and are 
staying safe and healthy. Also joining me on the call today is Ajay Patil, our 
CFO for Cummins India Limited and our Chairman - Steve Chapman. Before 
we get into the details of Q2 results, I'm happy to inform you that CIL witnessed 
a record quarter, well supported by the economic recovery, good demand, and 
improved supply chain. Our priority continues to be the safety and well-being of 
our employees, serving our customers and communities, continuing to work on 
improving margins while managing cost and ensuring our company's continuity 
in the future. I would now like to share the financial results of Q2 FY22 through 
this call. For the quarter ended 30th September 2021 with respect to the last year 
same quarter, our sales at INR 1689 crores is higher by 48% compared to INR 
1141 crores recorded in the same quarter last year. Domestic sales at INR 1250 
crores increased by 68%, exports at INR 439 crores increased by 10%. Profit 
before tax and exceptional items at INR 293 crores is 55% higher as compared 
to INR 189 crores recorded in the same quarter last year. For the quarter ended 
30th September 2021 with respect to the sequential or last quarter, our sales at 
INR 1689 crores is higher by 45% compared to INR 1167 crores recorded in the 
last quarter. Domestic sales at INR 1250 crores increased by 46%, exports at 
INR 439 crores increased by 43%. Profit before tax and exceptional items at 
INR 293 crores increased by 71% compared to INR 171 crores recorded in the 
last quarter. Segment wise breakup for the quarter ended 30th September 2021. 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
The segment wise breakup for domestic first – 1. Power Generation domestic 
sales were INR 637 crores, an 81% increase over last quarter 2. Distribution 
business sales were INR 365 crores, 22% increase over last quarter. 3. Industrial 
domestic business sales were INR 228 crores, 21% higher than last quarter. 4. 
Exports, the high horsepower export sales were INR 242 crores, a 42% increase 
over the last quarter and low horsepower export sales were INR 163 crores, a 
40% increase over last quarter. From a Cummins India financial guidance 
perspective, the company is quite hopeful of sustained improvement and 
economic recovery across industries and segments. However, potential wave 
three of COVID as well as forecasted supply chain disruptions make it difficult 
currently to give a steady or stable outlook. The company continues to work on 
stabilizing supply chain and part supplies, demand outlook from various end 
markets continue to be positive, visibility to pull market recovery is somewhat 
limited considering the variables of wave three of COVID and supply chain 
instability. Thus, the company is not providing a full year guidance for revenue 
for FY 2022. With this I now open the session for questions. Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. With this we will open the floor for Q&A interactive 
session, I request all the investors that to ask a question please press zero and 
then one on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced. 
First question of the day we have from Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital, 
your line is unmuted please go ahead.                                                                                          
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
              Sir, are you able to hear me? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I can hear you clearly. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Yeah, sir. Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, basically just wanted your 
sense, we had registered a significant growth in the power gen business of 
around say more than 100% year-on-year at revenue of around 620 crores there. 
What were the sectors which had driven the growth in this? Was there any one-
off large order which we had seen, if you can give more clarity on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, certainly, we had one large Projects business order which was for a big 
Data center and a one-time kind of order which contributed to nearly close to -- 
a little lower than $20 million in top line revenue. So, that was one big segment 
there. Data center continues to remain strong; healthcare has also picked up in a 
strong manner and residential realty is beginning to pick up. And the sectors 
which are lagging behind off course, because of the monsoon rains etc were 
infrastructure, all the power consumption required for stone crushers and kind of 
infrastructure led activity is starting to pick up but has not yet fully picked up, 
but across most other segments the demand is pretty strong. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it. And this Data Center, so how big was the data center in megawatt terms, 
if you can do a broad thought process to get an -- and how sustainable are such 
orders over the coming quarters or years? 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, this was you know, substantially large from a megawatt perspective; I 
would say it is in the range of 100 and 100 plus megawatts and these kinds of 
orders are going to keep increasing as we move towards 5G, Cloud based data 
storage and more advanced telecommunication, more people working from 
home etc this is only going to increase as we move forward. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay, and my next question is with respect to the industrial segment, which are 
the sectors which are seeing traction, which are kind of [indiscernible] if you can 
give a broad thought process. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. I can tell you there that construction is starting to come out, which means 
with wave two construction activity had come to nearly a halt and road 
construction, as you know, had dropped to below 15 kilometers per day. Now 
with the monsoon getting over, we have started to see the road construction 
activity beginning to ramp up and the government's ambitions are to go to 
greater than 60 kilometers a day, in fact they are aiming for 100 kilometers a 
day. But we are likely to see that beginning to bounce back; we saw some of it 
start to come back in towards the end of this quarter. Rail is the one which is 
recovering the most slowly. So, rail is not up and running, freight from a rail 
perspective is back to full force, but the -- as you know, the commercial rail is 
still not running whole hog as it used to in the past. So, that is going to take a 
little more time to recover, we are expecting in the next two quarters to see that 
also come back. And we are seeing the mining continue to be strong; you all 
heard about the coal shortage, steel commodity prices all going up so mining is 
going to keep increasing, and so that demand is -- was already reasonably strong 
in the previous quarter and that is likely to sustain. Marine typically drops a little 
bit during the monsoon season and as defense contracts etc start to get awarded, 
that business is likely to start picking up towards the end of this year. And 
[Indiscernible] 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. And other expense had kind of been flattish year-on-year, was there 
any one-time gain or something in currency gain or something which is there? Is 
there any one off there or the other expense trend is likely to remain the same? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Other expense? Just give me a second here. Yeah, so other expense, it was 
flattish. But when you look at it from a percentage perspective, it's quite an 
improvement, even though there are little bit of increases from volume base. 
And last year, we had an advantage where we had to take an impairment of 
some old test cells etc. And this year, we've also had some increased warranty as 
the volume picks up, and we have some new products that come in. But overall, 
we continue to manage that tightly and we think that's what gives us leverage 
from a profitability perspective. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, and my final question is with respect to the Ministry of Power 
notification, any views on that? So basically, they are asking states etc to shift 
towards battery-based backup? 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, so actually, it's more a guidance to say that, this is something we are 
advising you, five years from now you should be ready to move etc. So, we have 
been working very closely with all of these stakeholders , all the governments, 
and we have a very clear strategy from a Cummins perspective on how to deal 
with this, because we are dealing with this -- in multiple countries around the 
world. And so, Cummins’ very clear strategy here is that it's okay to talk about 
something five years from now, what would happen in 2030, what’s going to 
happen in 2050. We have a four-pronged strategy, and that is as follows. The 
first one is, what are we doing to lower emissions today? And so, our biggest 
focus is not to talk about what we will do in the future but what are we doing 
today, and towards that we are pushing to get the CPCB 4 Plus implemented. I 
was able to talk to MOEF and you know the draft is all ready; this is getting 
ready to announced real soon. So, the date and timeline are fixed. That itself will 
cause a huge reduction in the emissions. Second is we are picking to say that 
okay, if you're worried about emissions, then why don't you introduce some 
incentives like scrappage policy for some of these kinds of technologies. We 
have committed that by 2050 we will achieve zero emission footprint and we 
have already published and committed publicly that this is what we are going to 
do. The fourth is that technology will only get adopted if you have wide scale 
implementation. So, you can't -- just say battery but the real question is, what is 
the battery strategy? As of today, 100% Of all the batteries’ raw materials 
getting imported from China. So, how does that make us independent or, you 
know, where does Atmanirbhar fit into that strategy? Second is you need a game 
plan and a white paper. So, we are talking to the Ministry to say here is our view 
on how our white papers should work, here is how you can drive wide scale 
adoption, here is the transition plan, here is how diesel becomes cleaner today 
and we can migrate away from using less and less diesel going to gas moving to 
other technologies over the next 20 years, not abruptly which -- where nobody 
has an answer of how to do that immediately. And the fourth is we must look at 
reducing well to wheel emissions, not just look at it in isolation and say that, 
hey, I'll give you electricity, but 70% of my electricity comes from coal. So, how 
am I following my commitment to the Paris Accord or how am I solving the 
carbon problems for the world just by moving from diesel to burning coal? So 
we are talking to the government on all of those four things, we are making 
representations to the different organizations like CII, IDEMA etc, we ourselves 
are going and the government listens to us because we are the market leaders in 
this and we have experience from multiple markets. So, that has been our 
strategy on how we are dealing with these kinds of notifications, and we are 
showing them that even in the advanced countries of the world, despite moving 
to lot more green energy than what we have, those countries continue to use 
diesel as a standby in other applications. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. Thanks a lot for the detailed answer, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Next, we have Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financials. Your line is unmuted, 
please go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Yeah, a very Good Morning. Am I audible? Yes, sir. Good Morning. Mr. Ram. 
My first question is on the large size gensets that we do for Data Centers where 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
we took a project to complete one Data Center for 100 megawatt plus that you 
mentioned, would want to understand a little bit more about the gensets which 
are 50 liter plus in size, what is the kind of competitive landscape for these 
engine based gensets, as well as what are the indigenization levels of Cummins 
versus other peers in this range? And other than Data Centers which are the 
other end market applications where 50 liter plus engines are going currently? 
That's the first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So anytime you need more than 2000 horsepower from a -- and where space is 
at a premium and you want greater density of product, you need these kinds of 
engines. And we have the largest level of localization as compared to anybody 
else because we have the 50 liter which we have now made capable of going all 
the way up to 2000 kV and nobody else has a product of that size. So, that 
certainly gives us a significant advantage, and the 50 liter product for us is that 
greater than 85% localization. Now as we move higher than 50 liters, and we 
have 60 liter products, we have 78 liter products, we have 95 liter products, 
those, most of those -- the 60 liter product is getting more and more localized, I 
would say we are at roughly at a 50% localization as of now heading towards in 
the next 18 months to like an 80% kind of localization level for those products. 
Almost everybody else is importing those products. There are only two or three 
big players in the world who have products in those ranges. So, we stand very 
well when we compete against them. And there are multiple applications; not 
just Data Centers, anything and anywhere you need power greater than 2000 kV, 
you need a big genset and we are well-versed to fight in that space and we 
continue to remain the market leaders there. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Got it. Second question is on the gross margin compression that we saw during 
the quarter. Would I be correct in saying that this compression is more to do 
with the mix, you know exports being lower as well as the project order that we 
executed rather than the pure raw material inflation in fact, that was there in the 
quarter and which may come in subsequent quarters. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think it's a combination of [Audio Overlap] 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And one other fact is how much price hikes have you rolled out, sorry, if you 
can address that part also. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, I won't give you the exact amount of price hike, all I can tell you is if you 
look at the percentage of commodity increases, so commodities like copper have 
more than doubled, commodities like steel have gone up excess of 40%, we 
have been able to realize, I would say with price increases more than 60% of the 
-- of that impact we have been able to realize through price increases. We also 
have certain mixed differences which caused some material margin reduction in 
this quarter. But we can pack on those, but it lags, it lags a little more than a 
quarter. And so, you know, it takes some time to catch up and the rise of these 
commodities is unheard of. This is the greatest rise we have at least in a 15-
month period in the history of our business. 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Got it. And my final question is pertaining to the industrial segment; we have 
seen a fair bit of contraction in the railways business because the power 
consumption would have gone down, and electrification is taking place. So, if 
one were to compare it to pre-COVID sales, where do you think the normalized 
sales for the railway segment would look like, which was more like around 
between 350 to 400 crores a year? What would you pick as a comparable 
number, you know, when sales normalize in this segment? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think we are introducing many more new products, and we've started winning 
some tenders with those new products etc. If I look at it from a longer term, I 
will say beyond 18 months kind of perspective, we expect it to be even better. 
Also, rail is not a contracting segment for us. It's a growing segment for us. 
What we are seeing now is a short term impact of one, the entire segment 
working at a slower pace and of course electrification happening, but we are 
gearing our business to deal with the electrification and actually opening up 
more markets for us. So, I would say in the short term, it will continue to remain 
slightly subdued as compared to our best quarters ever in rail, but when I look at 
it from a medium term outlook, I can -- I'm very bullish on this segment for us 
as a company. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Got it. I have some more questions, but I'll probably come back in the queue. 
Thank you so much for taking the questions. 
Moderator: 
Next is Renu Vaid from IIFL. Your line is unmuted, please go ahead. 
Renu Vaid: 
Good Morning and thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the 
strong performance. So, my first question is, broadly if we knock off this large 
project that we have received, that is executed on Data Center side, base 
business volumes at approximately 15 billion INR still seem to be pretty much 
strong. So, what is the comfort that we have in terms of tailwind from the end 
market or broadly sustaining this 14 to 15 billion INR kind of run rate? Or do 
you think there were certain slippages or a pent-up impact in the volume which 
may not be sustainable in the quarters to come? Your views on these, please. 
Ashwath Ram: 
DC demand is quite strong, and not all segments have come back. So, when I 
look out into the future, I see demand picking up. But it’s -- the reason I hesitate 
to say we will do fantastically better and give you that kind of optimism is 
because supply chain is still constrained. So, we are still running with backlogs 
of certain types of orders, we are still not able to supply the market with 
unconstrained demand, but I remain optimistic that supply chain will continue to 
improve and we will continue to keep growing the demand here. I guess that's 
the way I look at it. I'm bullish right now on the way demand outlook is looking 
out for the next few quarters at least. 
Renu Vaid: 
Got it. Secondly, on exports now that we are back to almost the pre-COVID 
levels in terms of company’s run rates, can you shed some color in terms of the 
growth pattern of some of the key regions and what kind of tailwind can be 
expected as global economic growth picks up? 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. So, pretty much I can say that the biggest growth we are seeing in the Asia 
PAC region, and a lot of it, I guess, is because of very strong demand continuing 
from China as well, even though that has started to taper down a little bit but the 
other regions of Asia-Pacific like Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia; all of those 
regions continued to do really well and have bounced back the fastest. Latin 
America is gradually getting ready to come out of it, their COVID hits have 
been deeper and have been at a later cycle than even ours. So, they are just 
coming out of it. And Europe is still lagging, and we think it will take another 
couple of quarters for Europe to start picking back up. Middle East also is just 
getting ready to start bouncing back with oil prices becoming stronger, those 
economies -- but since travel sector has been so restricted and those economies 
are very, very heavily dependent on service and oil industries, so those 
fundamental markets in those countries, at least in Middle East, are just slowly 
starting to recover. Africa is starting to bounce back, but Africa had reached 
such a low that even a small comeback seems like wow, these things are much 
better. So, that's the way I would look at the overall globe that things are slowly 
starting to come back, with the Asia-PAC leading and followed by Africa and 
then Middle East and Latin America. 
Renu Vaid: 
Sure. Sir, my third question more importantly from a long-term perspective, 
what solutions does CIL or Cummins India have today for customers who want 
to offer non-diesel-oriented solutions, backup solutions? It could be cleaner 
energy combinations of battery and otherwise, especially for applications like 
reality, data centers. So, can be do without diesel type of products for technical 
reasons in some of these end markets? And if so, is Cummins India ready to 
supply them for their requirements? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, so the answer there Renu is that eventually, yes. But when we look at the 
TCO from a customer perspective, we still feel that as of now at least for the 
next couple of years till the end of this decade, diesel is the best answer for those 
kinds of large customers and they continue to buy these products around the 
world, especially Data Centers and those kinds of products. Solid fuel oxide 
cells are probably the best answer, not batteries for those kinds of large 
applications. We are already experimenting on a few niche customers in Korea 
and a few other places. But we think that somewhere in the late 2030s is when 
we will see more movement into those kinds of technologies. We have those 
technologies; we are the leading player there as you know. We own one of the 
biggest hydrogen companies in the world. We have set up three major gigawatt 
hydrogen production centers, we have battery companies. So, we are already 
invested in all those technologies as we find it appropriate. We are looking at 
opportunities where we can bring in those technologies into the country, and in 
the power generation space certainly CIL, if it needs to play with multiple 
energy technologies, we will be the path to market. 
Renu Vaid: 
So broadly just to summarize, irrespective of the technology base, do you 
perceive a fundamental risk to backup solutions or demand, especially for large 
corporates who are looking to move towards net zero for the [indiscernible] 
mandate for compliance? Or does that [Audio Overlap] the demand for backup 
continues. 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Ashwath Ram: 
The demand for backup will continue at least till the 2035 timeframe by which 
time some of these technologies have an opportunity to mature and provide a 
better TCO for these large solutions where migration can happen at a faster pace 
in the sub 10 kVA market where solutions like inverter, UPSs batteries can 
replace small diesel gensets which are sold. We have a very small play in that 
space, but we certainly will also attempt to make a space in the battery 
technologies in those spaces. 
Renu Vaid: 
Got it. Thanks so much and all the best, sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next is Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Funds. Your line is unmuted, please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. 
So, the question is on the exports, slightly longer term, and when we add up 
CMIs revenues from the high horsepower engines it comes to about 5 billion 
USD and the exports from Cummins India plus CTIL is about 200 million. So, 
do you see an opportunity to increase the exports considerably over a 5-year 
basis as CMI moves more towards hydrogen and battery? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, the opportunity for increasing exports from India continues to remain 
strong. There are many product families that are now only produced in India and 
we are using the advantages now offered through PLI and other schemes to bid 
for more projects out of India. So, the answer is yes, there is an opportunity to 
do more. How that plays out, because there are other factors just like we have 
Atmanirbhar Bharat, every country has their own version of that. So, there is US 
MCA and there are so many other global barriers to protect industry in their own 
region. So, we are within the gambit of all those complexities, there is still an 
opportunity for us from India, because of our great quality, low cost base. If we 
continue to perform well certainly more markets will keep opening for us. So, 
the answer is yes, we are looking, exploring, trying to figure out how we do 
more out of India. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure, thanks. Just another question is, you also highlighted about couple of other 
products which are currently imported, which is a 78 liter and a 95-liter engine. 
As we see demand in India for Data Center picking up and if at all the need to 
localize arises, so will that be housed under CIL or CTIL? 
Ashwath Ram: 
You know, it depends on the market that we are serving. CIL serves the Data 
Center market and that is not handled out of CTL etc. But so, eventually all the 
final revenue flows through CIL for those markets, but depends -- where the 
investment will be made depends on what Cummins looks at from a strategic 
perspective, where it needs to put in money for the best return on investment. 
So, we will always look at what is in the best interest of all the stakeholders; 
whether it is our India shareholders, whether it's the global Cummins 
stakeholders, you know, everyone and make sure we take the best decision 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
which is in the interest of everybody. We continuously keep looking at 
opportunity to do more out of CIL. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. Just a follow up, like about four quarters ago you had highlighted that 
you're evaluating options to simplify the structure, any progress on that front? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Good progress, but I cannot say more beyond that other than you know, once we 
make some progress it will be obvious, and everyone will hear of it. All I can 
say right now is that we continue to evaluate these options. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. Thank you so much for taking my questions, best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Next is Nilesh Shetty from Quantum Mutual Funds. Your line is unmuted, 
please go ahead. 
Nilesh Shetty: 
Yeah. Hi. I have two questions. The first is, I mean, everyone is aware that the 
global supply chains have been sort of messed up and shipping costs as well as 
containers availability have become two major issues. So, I just want to know 
how much of that has impacted Cummins India or has it been no impact at all? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, there has been quite a bit of impact, I think we have not been able to meet 
unconstrained demand and we have faced cost challenges. We have not able to 
ramp up at the rate at which we want to and there are some of these challenges 
which are not going to get overcome for maybe even longer periods of time, 
especially the problems in the supply chain of electronics. It now looks like it 
could be end of ‘22 before those problems get better. So, it's a wait and watch 
continuously every quarter. But the problem keeps spreading; it spreads to 
multiple areas, it spreads to commodities, it spreads to power, the latest 
commodity that is impacted now is silicone. Hence, we are playing it as we see 
it, we have war rooms working in India and around the world trying to deal with 
the situation. I think we can reasonably stay ahead of the problems but not to the 
extent we would like to be completely happy. 
Nilesh Shetty: 
Okay. And I know companies sort of have built their supply chains with GIT in 
mind. How much of that is being rethought, given the kind of disruption we've 
seen over the last 18 months? They are complete now? [Audio Overlap] 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, so over the last few quarters we have taken inventory, strategic inventory 
percentages have gone up quite significantly. So, we have taken many of those 
calls and we are building more inventory. Like I said, you know inventory is a 
double-edged sword. So, it hits you on cash, but we have taken some of those 
calls and we are doing that. So, yeah, not everything can work with a different 
time model with the global supply chain. 
Nilesh Shetty: 
Okay, and just one clarification, on the input side do you have a hedging policy 
and how do you sort of manage the wild fluctuations that happens in 
commodities? 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Ashwath Ram: 
At a global level for certain commodities, there is a global hedging strategy but 
not for everything. So, we do deal with a lot of the fluctuations in some of the 
commodities, because they are at tier two, tier three level for us and we cannot 
do direct hedging on those. So, the only way to deal with that is through 
commodity agreements with customer and you know pricing increases that we 
talk on from time to time. But certain critical materials in certain technologies, 
we do have some hedging strategy. 
Nilesh Shetty: 
Okay, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Next is Charanjeet Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. Your line is unmuted, please 
go ahead. 
Charanjeet Singh: 
Hello, sir. Good Morning. Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on 
great set of numbers. So, my first question is in the domestic power-gen market. 
If you look at historically, this market has grown by at around 5% to 6% CAGR 
maybe for the last five to six years, including FY21. So, going forward from the 
market perspective, how do you see the outlook, maybe if you can not quantify 
but at least qualitatively, do you think that overall growth rates can be much 
higher than what we have seen in the past and what would be the drivers for 
that? That's my first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, this is one of those industries, which is directly linked to the GDP of the 
country; as the country grows, this business grows at a faster rate. So, if we 
build more infrastructure; if we build more roads, airports, ports, data centers, all 
of that, business will grow. When we don't spend money, it doesn't grow as 
much. So, since India is getting ready and we have ambitions to first become a 5 
trillion economy and then become a 10 trillion economy over the next five to 
seven years and we want to spend $2 trillion on infrastructure. I think all of 
these are very strong indicators that this power-gen business will grow. From a 
top line perspective, I think it will grow for Cummins, even more than for other 
companies because we are also seeing the emissions transition. And what 
happens when emission transition happens, even if volume doesn't grow the size 
of the pile increases just because of the complexity of the technology. So, we 
have seen that in multiple markets. So, I'm very optimistic on the account that 
with CPCB4 things will grow in the short term. Usually when there's a 
technology transition, there is also a pre-buy. So, you know, we are likely to see 
demand go up as a transition happens, but in the long term it's pretty strongly 
linked with the GDP and that's going to keep improving, and we will see this 
business keep growing. 
Charanjeet Singh: 
Okay, so in terms of price hikes, you know, for production in various categories, 
what are the kind of price hikes which we have taken, and as you know, 
commodity costs continue to put a lot of pressure -- 
Ashwath Ram: 
Very significant, but still lagging behind commodities. So, I would say we 
typically lag about a quarter and a half behind commodities, just because the rate 
of increase of commodity prices has been so steep that customers are not able to 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
absorb first key rises in prices. So, we have to slowly ease that into the market. 
So, it's a very, very big challenge right now. But we do keep increasing prices to 
offset some of these and off course, we try to keep optimizing the product and 
try to be more cost efficient to still be able to manage and not ask as much back 
from customers. 
Charanjeet Singh: 
Okay, so this last question for my side on the data centers, you have seen a good 
success. So, in terms of the pipeline, you know, which we'll be building up as 
you're interacting with the customers, how it is scaling up from one, the average 
size, what we're supplying to the customers, and in terms of the competition and 
thus our market share, how that has been in the data centers, market access and 
just give more detailed understanding of that. Thank you. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I won't give you exact market share numbers, all I can tell you is we are the 
leading player in the country in that space. Demand is strong, and many, many 
more Data Centers are coming in. Typically in a data center, standard 
configuration is roughly about a 20 megawatt kind of size -- these are the 
standard modules typically 5 to 10, you know, 2000 kVA that kind of size, 
because with 5G people are also trying to have more distributed data centers 
closer to customers to avoid latency and other issues. But I’d say our pipeline is 
strong. 
Charanjeet Singh: 
Okay, so thanks for taking my questions. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Next is Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Funds. Your line is unmuted, please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thanks for taking my question. You know, the question is again on the exports, 
you highlighted in the past two quarters about the supply chain issue. Now, if 
one has to – and you commented that you know, you are seeing recovery in a lot 
of markets, demand is coming up, but if one has to draw a conclusion with 
respect to the backlog on the orders, backlog you have in exports given you are 
not able to execute because of the supply chain and let's say in a project, if 
you’re supplying a genset or an engine is rather a component which might not be 
going into project which is leading to the delays. Can you throw some light, 
what kind of backlog you would you be having today in exports? I'm asking this 
question because this number is getting too volatile every quarter and you have 
stated earlier this is largely because of the supply chain. The orders -- the 
demand is strong, but just to get a comfort that what kind of backlog you have 
which can help us understand that what really is the demand because -- you 
know, which is getting hampered by the supply chain, if you can throw some 
comments on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I will say we have done a reasonable job on exports because we focus first on 
exports from a priority perspective and the way we manage container logistics 
etc to meet a month kind of number. Typically order backlogs run, maybe 30 
days at the most is the way I look at it from an export perspective. From a 
domestic perspective we are running on a greater backlog and the backlogs are 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
not necessarily in every area. You know, there are certain segments, certain 
nodes where the problems are more acute. So, it's very difficult for me to 
pinpoint and tell you that this is the exact order backlog. By node, literally, we 
have order backlogs; some are significant. There are certain nodes where we 
have as many as two months worth of order backlog, which is unprecedented for 
us. Typically, we have 15 20 25 days worth of backlog, we know these are like 
double, triple than that, but there are other nodes where we have caught up. So, I 
can say from an overall perspective, when I look at unconstrained demand, if all 
supply chain problems were solved tomorrow, how much would I be able to do? 
Maybe I would say 20%-25% more from where we are today, that would be my 
guess as of now, but it's very difficult for me to give you a very good answer to 
say how much is the real backlog. 
Nitin Arora: 
Okay. And sorry for again asking this question, that's my second question. You 
know, the government sets a narrative, I understand what you said it's not that 
easy that in 10 years you do this and 15 years you decide this despite emission 
getting changed, you've already spent money on the CPCB new norms. But 
eventually the narrative has been set. Can you tell us because I think battery or 
the backup battery; we are not present in that segment as well, on the backup 
side. What we have is more on the hydrogen portfolio. How would you tackle 
that even if, let's say 5%-10% of the market shifts? I'm asking this question 
because in some of our sectors, whether it's the auto, the debate used to be same; 
that nothing will happen on electric. Today everything in the two-Wheeler is 
turning electric, and ice is not growing. So, it's more of a narrative, you know, 
which government is setting up. So, can you throw some light, how would you 
tackle that? And especially in the power generation sector, like I understand you 
explain the concept of TCO but if government starts giving subsidy, the way 
they are given to the two wheelers, then how the situation will change? That will 
be helpful if you can comment. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, this is, you know, we have been studying this scenario now for over 15 years 
and based on that we have been making investments, acquisitions etc. Over the 
last five years, we've ramped up and made many of those happen. As you're 
rightly saying, there are certain characteristics which lend themselves to move 
faster. So, two wheelers, three wheelers, things where their utilization is low and 
where the energy density is low, those are the areas which have -- which are the 
easiest to move. They’ve moved the fastest in China, they're going to move the 
fastest in India, they're moving the fastest everywhere else. Now when it comes 
to working equipment, if you look at the same trend; whether it is China, 
whether it is America, Europe anywhere else also, as the tonnage or the size of 
the equipment grows larger, the time it takes or the complexity of the storage 
systems as a try is enormous. So, even I'm saying that sub 10 kVA, we think a 
transition will happen because I can put in a power wall system or we can put in 
a inverter system or those kinds of systems and you know, over the next 10 
years, we will see maybe 100% of that sub 10 kVA market move to alternate 
energy. But when you go higher than that, the systems required, the space, the 
paths, the complexity, management, the technology does not exist today. 
Whatever incentive you may give or not give, neither do you have the technical 
capability to deliver on that for customers nor is the availability there. So, there 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
is no way we are putting our head in the sand and not watching it; we are 
watching it faster, sharper than everybody else. But we think there are alternate 
ways that transition will happen. All we're saying is we're ready with all of those 
answers for you – let’s align on what the path is going to be. That's all. So, we 
are working very closely with the government to say that, okay, you want to 
give incentives, where do you want to give incentives? Do you want to give 
incentives to a technology which is sustainable and where you can get scale, and 
which helps you in your 2050 ambition to get to zero or do you want to wait for 
a cliff event to happen in 2050 without any plan? 
Nitin Arora: 
Got it sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So yeah, so like I said, and if there have been breakthroughs in battery 
technology etc which has made the speed of movement faster, we are 
monitoring all of those as well. And, you know, this is not a static space that we 
are -- strategy we cannot evolve at a faster pace. If we think something is going 
to move even faster, we will put in even more of our investments. I think we 
have the ability to move faster than anybody else because we already have our 
skin in the game in all of those technologies you mentioned. 
Nitin Arora: 
Got it. Thank you very much, sir and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next, we have other Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Your line is 
unmuted. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Thanks for your opportunity and congratulations to the entire team for a very 
strong result. I have a query from my side, the first is on the exports part. Now if 
I caught it rightly, what you are suggesting is that if there is no supply chain 
disruption then a quarterly run rate of 500 crores being possible today, for 2000 
crores number on a full year basis. On the other side you’re also saying that 
certain parts of the world Latin America, Europe and Africa still recovering. I 
want to get a sense from where is this new demand coming in that is helping you 
grow versus pre-COVID levels to a number of about 25% in terms of demand 
that you are seeing? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So, first of all, you know you used the 2000 crores number, certainly that 
is our aspiration to get there, that would be about 700 crores better than the best 
number we have achieved. But we are working there. I mean, that's the way we 
are thinking about it. So, you know, it's not a number which scares me. I think as 
one of your earlier colleagues asked that there is so much global space, can we 
do more here? Yes, we are trying to do more and we are looking at it, but what 
is driving global demand is multifold. So, one is, as the same trends in India are 
also playing out in the world, everybody is working from home. So, Data 
Centers are becoming bigger, computers are getting faster. In Camera phones 
the -- megapixels per images has gone up by 10x in the last five years. So, 
storage is increasing, telecommunication is increasing, faster speed is increasing. 
You know, everybody is using mobile phones. All those trends are driving a 
global demand for more and more and more data storage, telecom infrastructure; 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
that is the primary demand driver for growth, and then the subsequent 
infrastructure builds up around the world as people try to get more and more 
people employed and as people try to build better and better infrastructure, that 
again drives another cycle of growth and demand in the power gen business and 
we are seeing that in multiple parts of the world, and I think that's what's driving 
demand. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Okay, got that. The second question that I had was [Indiscernible] genset 
portfolio, which is quite commendable, that at sort of a global level one can 
leverage better. What is propping the adoption of like kind of a product as a 
substitute to diesel in India, because from what I can see the kind of cost saving 
from an optics perspective make the payback period pretty small. Is there an 
availability issue of gas or is it somebody else? 
Ashwath Ram: 
You're talking about -- could you elaborate a little bit, you're talking about -- 
what are you comparing, sorry? 
Aditya Mongia: 
So instead of diesel gensets, the substitute is obviously changing the fuel to 
natural gas. So, I think we have those gensets in our offering, and a recent study 
by CFE suggests that the OPEX or operating cost savings are quite meaningful 
in the sense that the payback period is not terribly high. And I'm just trying to 
get a sense whether there are other bottlenecks to transition happening which 
probably would be beneficial for your company. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yeah, certainly, for example, now the government is gung-ho and is putting a lot 
of money into the gas infrastructure. So, LNG-CNG for example and using more 
blended fuels, so automatically if you use clean carbon fuels and mix it with 
diesel, you meet multiple objectives. For example, you will lower the overall 
carbon footprint of the country. And the second, it lowers the cost. Your diesel 
is at 100 bucks and you can get a biofuel at 40 bucks; the blended cost at even at 
30% utilization lowers the cost of diesel significantly, will lower the TCO. It 
solves your cleanliness, carbon problems as well as you know, you don't have to 
change any of your fundamental infrastructure. So, that's one side of it. Second 
is gas. Gas, we are -- the country is laying huge infrastructure across the golden 
quadrilateral etc, we expect that infrastructure to be fully in place in the next two 
to three years. And we have an entire portfolio ready, which we will introduce 
once that supply is made available. So, that represents an entire new 
opportunity, where I think as Cummins, we have the leading technology in those 
spaces and as compared to other folks it opens more doors for us and allows us 
to play more in those spaces. So, yes, I think as the transitions happen it will 
open more opportunities for us. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Great to know sir. The third question that I have Mr. Ram was on the data center 
order, the large on., I'm assuming it's a domestic order, right, not an export 
order? The one $20 million dollar order that you were talking about. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Aditya Mongia: 
Now if I take that order, basically, what I'm trying to ask you is that does it have 
that dilutive effect on your gross margins and EBITDA margins? Because 
otherwise it's such a strong top line, a 15% kind of margin appears to be low in 
the quarter. I’m just trying to get a sense whether if I take that out will the 
numbers look better or not. 
Ashwath Ram: 
It will be a little better, because that happens on a transfer pricing basis because 
those products we don't yet make in India and so they are imported. So, yes, so it 
does have a slight impact of dilution on margin. And as the percentage of 
localization for us keeps increasing, some of those, it should have a positive 
impact on margin. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Okay. Thanks a lot for your response to those questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The last question of the day, we have from Parikshit from HDFC Securities. 
Your line is unmuted. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi, Ram sir. Congratulations on having a good quarter. So, my first question is 
on the scrappage policy, which you spoke earlier in the call. So, what's your 
stance on whether it is implementable in diesel gensets and if yes, then how big 
this opportunity could be overall?  
Ashwath Ram: 
I'm sorry; could you repeat the question, please? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hello? Earlier in the call you mentioned about this scrappage policy discussion 
with our MOEF to reduce the emission footprint in India. So, I wanted to 
understand whether it is practically implementable in India because you know, 
earlier gensets don't have any registration number, it's very difficult to track. If 
we could implement it in EV, so do you think there are challenges to implement 
this, and if not, then how big this opportunity could be for you? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I mean, like I said, everything helps, right? If you're using an older technology 
product which is beyond 10 years, it's polluting at a rate of 20x what our new 
generation products will be polluting, that's why we made the suggestion and if 
you offer up a scheme by which you get some kind of rebate or something, it 
then is an incentive for somebody who has an old product to say okay, you 
know, this is a good time for me to upgrade and get rid of my old thing and 
offset some taxes. Typically these schemes, they may have like a 5%- 10% 
improvement on demand, they don't usually have a huge colossal improvement 
in demand unless it is mandated and executed with a lot of governance which, as 
you rightly said, is not possible with all the older sets in the country. But it's 
working in the commercial vehicle spaces, we are seeing some improvement in 
demand pickup because of these schemes now implemented; not very great, but 
it's improvement. And so, we remain optimistic that if they can do those kinds of 
things you eliminate two problems. Yes, of course, it has a little improvement on 
sales, but it solves that overall cleaner air kind of problem which we want to fix. 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, the second question is on -- I mean, we have now started seeing the EV 
infrastructure getting laid out in terms of charging stations and all in India, 
gradually it is picking up. So, are we looking at having some OEM tie ups of 
backup power solutions for this infrastructure being laid out? Because still we 
are at early stage, but we are hearing a lot of OEMs looking and even startups 
and other companies looking at implementing this infrastructure in India. Are 
we in talks? Are we looking at this opportunity? Are you pursuing it 
aggressively? Then we can get more business opportunities? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The simple answer is yes. We are looking for opportunities in those spaces as 
well. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, just last question on this draft, electricity draft, the question papers, so did 
you get an opportunity to discuss this with MOEF as to what’s their thought and 
view about it? I know you did touch upon what you have recommended, but do 
you think that practically, so what is -- what was their suggestion and feedback 
on this, if you can just highlight on that. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Their suggestion was, other people that we have spoken to tell us this can 
happen very quickly, and so what they did agree is that based on our experiences 
in other markets, that we could work with them to write joint white papers to 
come up with a clear transition plan to really show what is that impact. What is 
the cost impact, what is the carbon footprint impact? What is the adoption rate 
impact? What is the well to wheel, real emission impact? And what can I do 
today? So, you know, those four themes I spoke about, I think across whether I 
spoke to Niti Aayog or MOEF or MHI; I think all of them are open to listen to 
ideas on how we can do this in a better manner. And I think we are going to 
increase our efforts to provide that information, provide that clarity and help the 
nation transition. So, I think we have a role to play here, and I think we’re going 
to try to play that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, just last thing sir, if I may. You gave a very bullish commentary on the 
demand outlook and maybe you can better off by 20%-25% if everything was in 
optimally working out. So, just wanted your thoughts on any plans, given this 
strong outlook commentary of yours; any plans on CapEx or any thoughts 
between [indiscernible] there some arrangement can be worked out on using the 
unutilized capacities, so that we can deliver more without really incurring the 
CapEx. So, your thought on the CapEx and how that can be potentially -- 
Ashwath Ram: 
So if you look at all our CapEx over the last two years, and I've been saying this 
I think for two years now, that our big investment on infrastructure that has been 
done in the past, and all our CapEx cycles are towards growth projects and new 
technology, and whatever it takes to sustain that technology. Even if you look at 
our CapEx plan for last year, and this year, it is I would say almost 50% of 
everything we're spending from a CapEx perspective is on growth projects, on 
new products etc. And another I would say 40% is on sustaining what we have 
already invested in, so very, very little goes towards building new infrastructure 
etc. So, we remain confident that that will be the case going forward. We 
continue to have tremendous amounts of capacity we have already built. We are 

                          Cummins India Ltd. 
                                      CIL Quarter 2, FY22 Financial Results Analyst Call 
                                                                October 28th, 2021 
you know, as the demand grows, we will improve our utilization and help us get 
better leverage. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, thank you, that's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
I would like to now hand over the floor back to Mr. Ashwath Ram for his final 
remarks. Over to you sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, thank you everyone for taking the time to attend this call. I want to wish all 
of you very, very happy festival season; Diwali, all the festivals that are coming 
up. Hope you are all vaccinated, all of you are staying safe, taking care of your 
family; it’s important that we do that. As I mentioned earlier, we have a very 
clear long-term strategy as far as the clean energy is concerned, the first one is to 
say what can we do today? You know, what can I tell my children our company 
is doing today over the next five years and not 20 years later? The second is 
what are the technologies we can bring in that we can drive mass adoption? So, 
if we do niche projects etc, you know that that's okay for few people but it's not 
going to work for the country. The third, of course, is that what is the transition 
timeline? What is the timeline by which we can anticipate all these technology 
investments to happen? So, the new technology timeline comes in place and we 
have made a written commitment that by 2050, we will be zero carbon. And the 
fourth is you can't look at carbon from an isolated perspective, you have to look 
at it from a well to wheel perspective. You can't say 5% coal and say that okay, I 
want EV, all the electricity used in EV, if it is from burned coal you’ve not 
solved the carbon problem at all. So, we are working with the government with 
our own technologies on all of those four areas to make progress. We have 
tremendous investments in infrastructure capacity in place, lot of technologies, a 
lot of new products we continue to keep launching, which is why we remain 
bullish about the future outlook with all the infrastructure spending etc 
happening in the country. I think the next few years are going to be quite 
interesting, and we are looking forward to all the emission transitions as well as 
continuing to keep working on improving our efficiencies in the system, and 
keep delivering good design. So, I want to thank all of you for the support and 
have a have a good year end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. I would like to thank all the investors for taking out time 
and join the call. This concludes our Quarter 2 FY22 financial results analyst 
call. You may all disconnect now. Have a great day and stay safe. Thank You. 
