KDDL Limited 
Kamla Centre, SCO 88-89, Sector 8-C, Chandigarh - 160 009, INDIA. Tel: +91 172 2548223/24, 2544378/79 
Fax: +91 172 2548302; Website:www.kddl.com ; CIN-L33302HP1981PLC008123 
 
 
 
Ref: KDDL/CS/2021-22/78                                                        Date: 1st December, 2021 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001  
Trading Symbol  : KDDL 
Scrip Code : 532054 
 
Subject:   Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
 
Please find enclosed herewith a copy of transcript of Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
For KDDL Limited                                                            
 
Brahm Prakash Kumar 
Company Secretary  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 1 of 18 
 
“KDDL Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any 
and all information should be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YASHOVARDHAN SABOO - CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - KDDL LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV MASOWN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - KDDL LIMITED 
MR. RITESH AGARWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
ETHOS LIMITED 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the KDDL Limited Q2 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yashovardhan Saboo, 
Chairman and Managing Director, KDDL for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to 
you Sir! 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you and good afternoon and welcome to everyone for our Q2 FY2022 earnings 
conference call. I am joined by my colleague Mr. Sanjeev Masown, Executive Director and 
CFO of KDDL and Mr. Ritesh Agarwal, CFO of Ethos and we also have SGA our investor 
relations advisors on the call, I hope everyone has had the chance to go through our updated 
investor presentation already uploaded on the exchanges. 
Let us start with a quick overview on the overall business. We witnessed a strong recovery 
in the business during the Q2 FY2022 in both our manufacturing and retail businesses as 
the economy recovered back strongly after the second wave of COVID-19. There was 
encouraging demand in the manufacturing business as watch manufacturers increased their 
business operations leading to better order inflows and our retail business Ethos also posted 
a strong recovery in sales led by reopening of malls and complemented by strong online led 
sales. 
A brief on the financial performance on a consolidated basis for the quarter, the 
consolidated revenue for Q2 FY2022 increased by 39% Y-o-Y to Rs.193 Crores 
consolidated EBITDA for Q2 increased by 33% Y-o-Y to Rs.23.2 Crores and consolidated 
PAT for the quarter increase by 76% Y-o-Y to Rs.6.6 Crores. 
And now come to the manufacturing business which consists of watch components 
precision engineering and the packaging business. In Q2 FY2022 the manufacturing 
business revenue increased by 53% Y-o-Y and 15% quarter-on-quarter to Rs.53 Crores. The 
revenue share of watch components and precision engineering business for the quarter stood 
at 72% and 24% respectively. Revenue from watch component business increased by 53% 
Y-o-Y to 38.4 Crores and from precision engineering business by 33% Y-o-Y to 12.5 
Crores. EBITDA for Q2 FY2022 increased by 84% Y-o-Y Rs.9.7 Crores and the profit after 
tax increased almost seven times y-o-y in Q2 FY2022 to Rs.4 Crores. During this quarter 
the demand both from domestic and export markets improved as most customers ramped up 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 18 
their operations as market conditions were reaching near normal levels. The major growth 
of the demand was witnessed from the exports market. We expect the positive demand to 
continue going ahead as the economy continues to unlock and manufacturers ramp up their 
capacity to cater to the additional demand. The demand from the Swiss market particularly 
remained healthy. The trend of declining volumes in the low price point continues while the 
higher price segments are growing strongly. We continue to move up the value chain on the 
back of an excellent product portfolio and service, catering more to the higher price 
segments. With this our product portfolio is aligned with the market demand and it leads to 
a higher overall profitability for the company. In our precision engineering business 
EIGEN, the demand was better compared to the last quarter majorly due to the robust 
demand from the exports market (excluding the aerospace industry), domestic demand 
continues to show a gradual recovery but with cyclical variations in different segments. We 
are witnessing a healthy flow of inquiries and RFQs from many large accounts and 
customers mainly in the export market and expect this trend to continue.  These market 
developments give a positive outlook on the growth of our precision engineering business. 
At Estima our Swiss Hands manufacturing company the demand has been stable with a 
good recovery. We remain confident that in the coming quarters with normalization and 
improvement of market conditions we will see healthy growth of revenue and turn around 
to profitability in this business. We expect all our manufacturing businesses to continue the 
growth momentum and post healthy growth across the major markets and economies. 
During the current year KDDL has raised Rs.25 Crores through a rights issue and the 
proceeds of the rights issue was planned to be invested in the material subsidiary Ethos to 
the tune of 18.75 Crores and the balance was for general corporate purposes. The company 
has already utilized the amount allocated for general corporate purposes and the investment 
in Ethos will be done by participating in the rights issue of Ethos limited. The board of 
directors of Ethos has already approved the rights issue of the amount not exceeding 
Rs.25.5 Crores by issue of up to 4.58 lakh equity shares of Rs.10 each at a premium of 
Rs.540 per share. KDDL holds about 77% in Ethos both directly and indirectly and it will 
participate in the rights issue. 
Now I come to discussion on our watch retail business Ethos as I mentioned in my 
introductory speech the recovery in the ethos business was led by reopening of the stores 
and a strong online led sales across the country in Maharashtra the malls were allowed to be 
opened only months later and even then on the fully vaccinated staff and customers were 
allowed to enter despite these challenges ethos posted a strong revenue growth during Q2 
on Y-o-Y and quarter-on-quarter basis even if you compare pre-COVID quarters our Q2 
FY2022 revenue is up by 28% as compared to Q2 of FY2020 that is the year 2019-2020 
that is the pre-COVID here and our H1 revenue compared to the pre-COVID is up by 8% 
this as I mentioned despite the fact that the first quarter of the current year was witnessed a 
complete shutdown in the country and up to the middle of the second quarter Maharashtra 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 18 
remained under lockdown. Our profitability was impacted if you compare with last year on 
account of normalization of operating expenses. In H1 of the current year the rental waiver 
has been much lower at about Rs ~.2.6 Crores as compared to over Rs.~5 Crores in H1 of 
FY2021. We continue to see an even stronger performance in Q3 on the back of a good 
festive season the upcoming wedding season is further expected to boost the demand from 
luxury watches and luxury watches continues to be one of the best gifting options during 
this wedding season. 
One of the key highlights which I would like to mention as it is already mentioned on our 
website is that we have signed an agreement with some new luxury watch brands this 
includes Bovet a very well-known brand with several prestigious international awards and I 
may mention that one of the award is the most prestigious “Aiguille d'Or” which is the best 
watch of the year awarded by GPHG that is the world's most prestigious awards so Bovet 
won this award for the best overall watch in 2018 and of course they have several other 
awards as well. We have also signed agreements with other high-end luxury brands such as 
Czapek and Armin strong both being in the ultra high-end luxury space this is in line with 
our strategy to build our exclusive brand portfolio which will need to improve profitability 
and also to shift our weight into the ultra high end segment which is moving strongly 
globally. One of the most awaited flagship store of ours at the JIO world drive mall in 
Mumbai at the Bandra Kurla complex area was inaugurated during the month of October. 
This was ready in the month of March of this year but due to the extended lockdown we 
could not open it, it is now open and has received excellent response. We will continue to 
follow the strategy of opening large flagship stores which will offer a great experience to 
customers it will attract higher footfalls and generate much higher revenue profitability and 
year-on-year growth as compared to smaller stores. One of the most important factors with 
strong recovery is also on account of our efforts to keep building on our digital capabilities 
having a well-established digital presence has strongly yielded up results giving these times 
of COVID when we were suffering from lockdown and other disturbances we recorded a 
robust quarterly online billing at Rs.52.9 Crores in Q2 FY2022 online billings contributed 
about 34% of the total billings in this quarter. Although the sales will grow strongly from 
our retail channels as well however we expect a digital presence to continue to be an 
important focused area for us an omni channel strategy which ethos led over the last five 
years will continue to cater customers offline as well as online as per their preference in a 
seamlessly continuous way. We have been able to improve our stock carrying months from 
7.9 months in September 2020 to 7.3 months in September 21 on the back of careful 
planning of inventory and purchase decisions. As mentioned earlier the board has approved 
the rights issue of up to Rs.25.5 Crores in ethos which will strengthen our balance sheet we 
plan to utilize these funds for inventory in the newer stores build digital capabilities and on 
various business development initiatives. 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Before coming to the financial highlights another new initiative that we have taken recently 
is signing up with Rimowa a luxury luggage brand of the LVMH group, ethos has signed a 
franchisee contract with Rimowa for the opening of the first Rimowa store in JIO world 
plaza in Mumbai. Founded in 1898 in Germany Rimowa is part of the LVMH brands 
portfolio since 2017, it is a global leader in premium luggage and essential tools for a 
lifetime of travel and it is a brand with a huge heritage since 1898. This is a very significant 
step for us because it represents our first foray into luxury goods other than watches. 
Let me now give you the financial highlights of Ethos, consolidated total income for Q2 
FY2022 increased by 27% Y-o-Y to about 137 Crores. Consolidated reported EBITDA for 
Q2 FY2022 was down 9% Y-o-Y to Rs.15.3 Crores consolidated PAT for Q2 was down by 
20% Y-o-Y to 2.6 Crores primarily due to the impact of Ind-AS 116 stock at the end of 
September 2021 quarter was at Rs.212 Crores as compared to Rs.182.5 Crores in September 
2020. As our financials are impacted by Ind-AS 116 our adjusted financials are published in 
the presentation which you can look at both for KDDL and Ethos. Our pre-owned watches 
business is which is being run through our website secondtimezone.com has also witnessed 
a huge increase in visitors in recent times it is the largest platform largest by far for pre-
owned watches in India. We believe the pre-owned watch business in the medium and long-
term has a great potential to scale up with a robust profitability. Our second time zone 
lounge in Delhi has also witnessed good interest we aim to become the most trusted and 
transparent omni-channel platform in India for trading of pre-owned watches and other 
luxury products. 
With that I come to an end of my speech and I now welcome your questions and 
participation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I had questions on the new brand tie-up congratulations for that just wanted to know on the 
luggage side, will the unit economics be very largely different versus watches in terms of 
inventory terms asset terms or margins. Secondly if you could give some color in terms of 
what is really happening on the premium luggage side in India as in how big is the market 
for the leading players and what is the ethos plan over the next two years and what Rimowa 
can actually add over next to three years and how is that a franchise contract I thought that 
is a franchise agreement to sign with how is that different versus any other type of so that is 
the first basically large question? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay if there are other questions Rahul why do not you go ahead and ask all of them so we 
can answer them together? 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sure secondly on Bovet tie-up so as I understand it is exclusive to across so does that mean 
nobody else sells it in India that is one and secondly the idea for the company essentially 
was to get into higher price range and as you said it is for entry into larger share of 
exclusive brands ultra high-end  watches so what is the price range of these watches that 
was my second question that is all really from my side. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you so Rahul on luggage obviously so first thing about the brand Rimowa is of 
course as I mentioned an extremely well-known brand it is part of LVMH group which is 
the number one group globally and LVMH group acquired this brand a couple of years back 
I think about three or four years ago. It is starts at the very top end of business luggage and 
business-led high-end luxury luggage and travel accessories, you can see that their 
boutiques pretty much worldwide in the leading malls. I believe that when we open the 
boutique in Mumbai it would be the best offering for professional business and high-end 
leisure travel with I think the price point would be about 20% or 30% or a little bit more 
above their nearest competitor. The business I am not really going to be able to give you 
forward-looking figures on projection of sales but you asked whether the basic economics 
are very different from the watch business no they are not. They are not except one 
significant point is that the amount of inventory in terms of months of stock that we have to 
hold is probably going to be lesser because the range of stock is also lesser than so in a 
typical watch store we would hold at least 300 to 400 SKU that might not be the case in that 
case of luggage but otherwise the economics are not very different, whether when you talk 
in terms of margins or whatever I believe this has a very strong potential given the fact that 
in India we are just at the cusp of international business, business travel and so on I know 
that there has been a lot of interest in this brand we were not the only ones chasing this 
brand and trying to do this franchise with them. We are going to start with one boutique in 
Mumbai and hopefully this will be followed soon with another boutique in Delhi and then 
we have to then it is really we are in discussions on evolving the complete strategy for 
India. So again luggage was one, luggage like travel was one of the most severely hit 
businesses over the last two years due to COVID but as now travel is going to come back 
with the bang it is already back with the bang and we can expect a very strong takeoff when 
we start with this project. As far as Bovet is concerned yes it is a high price point watch is 
very exclusive, they make everything in-house and I will encourage you to check out their 
website and all the fabulous distinction that this brand has got their price point essentially 
start from around Rs.15 lakh and go all the way up to a Crore and often even higher they are 
specialized on these four they make a range of watches but if one wants an ultrahigh net 
individual wants then customized or wants a specific watch customized with special 
painting or special features, they are very well positioned to do that and yes it is exclusive 
in the sense that there is going to be no other party in India which will carry these watches. 
The first boutique with Bovet will hopefully open in the first quarter of next calendar year. 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got that Thanks for answering this Yasho just a follow-up on the Rimowa thing, could you 
help me understand any sense of the luxury premium luggage market in India I mean what 
is the size like? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Can I get back to you on this. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes sure alright I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepan Sankara Narayanan from Trustline 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Deepan S Narayanan: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity and congrats for a good set of numbers. Firstly on Ethos 
side so we are quite happy to see the sales number increasing at a very good run rate but we 
are little more concerned on the fixed expenses which has gone up by 55% to 23 Crores so 
now as the stores are fully opened now our total expenses have been fully recognized so 
therefore we can assume that incremental revenue audition will contribute maximum to the 
profitability? Our total fixed expenses like employee cost and other expenses put together 
has increased by 55%, this quarter for year-on-year so now as the stores are fully open so 
we can assume that costs have been recognized fully so incremental revenue addition will 
be mostly coming down to profitability is the right assumption? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Partially yes because you are comparing with last year right so last year there was a huge 
rental waiver that was given by all malls which has not happened in this half year especially 
not in Q2 because last year practically all malls gave 70%-80% some more even gave 100% 
waiver for several months that is not the case this year because the malls also have suffered 
so that is one big reason so to that extent yes the costs are now what you are seeing is 
normalized despite the fact that the sales was impacted this year the sales was impacted by 
the closed down but the costs were not that much lower, on manpower cost last year we had 
reduced manpower and also enforced some salary cuts during the first half of the year like 
most other companies in the retail business this year we took a very conscious decision not 
to do that and whether a store was closed or not closed there were no cuts in salary and of 
course so that the costs were very normal so in a sense what you are saying is correct the 
cost base is the normalized cost base and of course as a percentage of revenue these costs 
will come down when sales go up in the coming quarters. 
Deepan S Narayanan: 
Okay that is great and also this exclusive brand contribution what is that contribution for the 
current quarter and also what is the plants of capex for full year so we are adding few more 
stores in this luggage and also go with Bovet exclusive stores so what will be the capex 
amount for this year and next year? 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
The contribution of exclusive brands in H1 is about 26%. I have to mention that we took a 
strategic call to withdraw some exclusive brands from some third-party websites and 
platforms and that is a strategic move because we want to control the pricing of these 
brands more and want to offer much more through our own website so that has led to a little 
temporary depression in the sale of exclusive brands but this is temporary and we expect it 
to bounce back strongly and in a more healthy fashion within the next two quarters as far as 
the capex is concerned on the exclusive brands though the percentage has come down in 
absolute terms the value has remained the same and we expect a very strong bounce back in 
this quarter as far as your question on capex is concerned let me see if we have the figures 
of the balance capex but if were do so I know that  store will not will not be figured out in 
this financial year it will probably start Q1 of the next financial year. The Bovet Boutique is 
already under fit out I expect the capex is not going to be very high in this financial year in 
the remaining part of this financial year probably of the order of about three to four Crores 
maybe a little bit more big max Rs.5 Crores. 
Deepan S Narayanan: 
Okay Sir lastly from my side like so can you update us in terms of process for demerger or 
IPO which was planning for Ethos so when this process is expected to get completed? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
This is under active discussion. we have been in touch with some advisors and we have 
been advised that we should be cognizant of the current healthy situation in the capital 
markets so this is under discussion and as soon as we have a final decision on this of course 
we are going to come back to you pretty soon. 
Deepan S Narayanan: 
Okay thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi from 
PhillipCapital India Pvt Ltd. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Congratulation for a strong recovery and I think pretty strong in the manufacturing also . I 
think I have got answers for some of the questions but on taking further to the kind of 
recording we are seeing manufacturing how is it outlook for growth for decision as well as 
the watch or if you can hide it that was the one question and second you normally share the 
numbers towards also so for however the numbers for this quarter in terms of revenue and 
PAT? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Right for the Estima numbers I am going to reach out to Sanjeev He is on the call 
unfortunately we are not in the same place he is actually visiting Bangalore, the precision 
engineering company so he is going to answer that but your first question was on 
manufacturing and the outlook there. We are very positive outlook on manufacturing on 
watch components as I mentioned in my initial speech I think we are seeing a strong 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 18 
demand coming from the high-end segments in export and this is more profitable than the 
other segments so while the quantity is not growing the value is growing and the value 
addition is growing and that is good for us. On the precision engineering side again we are 
conscious of the fact that the growth in this business has not been as what we had projected 
earlier these things happen when you set up a new business sometimes your initial 
projections and thoughts have to be calibrated and re-thought.  In the precision engineering 
business we are changing to stress more on the higher value and higher profitability 
segments like aerospace defense, electric vehicles and in similar segments and away from 
some other segments. We believe that there is a strong growth potential in this though what 
we realized is that in especially in the aerospace and defense there has been a slowdown 
going due to COVID but it is going to pick up rapidly, the gestation is not going to be very 
quick but I think you will start to see a great momentum after two to three quarters in the 
precision engineering. On Estima, I will ask Sanjeev Masown to update you. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Just wanted to know the revenue and the profitability of Estima for the quarter or H1? 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes for the quarter as such? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
This year H1 revenue is around 1.2 million revenue Swiss Franc. I do not have readily the 
quarter numbers but I can just give you an indication that in Q2 the revenue was almost 
double compared to the previous year same quarter.  Decent growth in revenue is happening 
as witnessed in Q2, which was more or less normal quarter and with the normalization of 
the operations all the expenditure and the overheads is also back to the normal level. During  
the last year there was some reduction in overheads and some support from the government 
now we have a normal overheads and the revenue is also on the growth and normal levels. 
Sanjeev Masown : 
Any more questions Vikram? 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
One typically also broadly how was the repeat sales in Ethos just for purpose? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
In Ethos? 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes in Ethos? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I think the repeat sales is I am going to get the exact figure for you but from what I 
understand it is pretty much in the normal region of about 33%-34% when I last saw it but I  
will get back to you with the exact figures, Vikram. 
Vikram Suryavanshi:  
Yes thank you very much and all the best Sir. 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Vora from Aum Fund Advisors 
Llp. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Vora: 
One question on Ethos side, basically just wanted to understand our three to five year vision 
so do you want to create a luxury focused distribution channel for all the luxury brands out 
there like the way we are entering a baggage segment, are we planning to enter any other 
segments like eye glasses or something like that? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay so in three to five year vision yes we do have the vision too to expand to luxury 
segments outside watches. We believe that the experience we have in the luxury business, 
the experience to understand and manage luxury brands, our understanding and insight of 
the luxury customer in India, the creation of our omni-channel and digital platforms 
especially suited for the luxury business. It is not a FMCG or a fashion business luxury 
business has its own specialty and I think we have got great insights unique insights on that 
so we believe we can leverage this to outside the watch business, luxury luggage and travel 
of course is one segment as we assume as I mentioned we made an entry into this with the 
franchise of Rimowa but of course there are a lot of other closely related luxury segments as 
well and we are discussing and looking at various segments including branded jewelry, 
which is very closely linked to watches branded and internationally jewelry is very close 
and many retailers internationally retail watches also retail brands and jewelry so an 
extension into branded jewelry is pretty logical and we are looking at that and there are 
other segments also that we are looking at in the luxury segment and a three to five year 
region certainly captured that. 
Ronak Vora: 
Okay so in terms of growth or offline focus for ethos so where do we want to see in the next 
three to five years is it like 3x or 4x going ahead or just to give a whole picture or what your 
internal targets are? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Well we would love to, we are ambitious and we continue to discuss how we can make our 
targets more ambitious and more aggressive I am not really sure whether we can share 
exactly what targets but I can assure you that there is going to be very strong growth going 
forward about two or three years, three years ago we have said that in four years we will 
four to five years we will hit our target is 1000 Crores turnover and 10% EBITDA, this was 
something that we spoke of about I think it/ was three-and-a-half years ago if you take away 
the two years gap years of COVID I think we are on that track and two years from now we 
should be close to those kind of targets but that is not the goal that is only a stepping stone. 
I believe there is a lot of growth left after that what I would like to say is also this India is 
just at the threshold of a consumption boom especially in the premium and luxury segments 
we are approaching the threshold level of a per capita income of $2500. It is around this 
threshold where disposable income and non-essential spending starts to takeoff, luxury 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 18 
spending starts a little bit higher I believe Indian GDP growth will meet with high targets of 
8% or around that over the next few years. There will be a rapid growth in wealth especially 
in the higher segments and therefore there is reason to believe that in the luxury segment 
there will be strong growth definitely double digit growth probably more than just simple 
double digit growth it could be a healthy double digit so we have a very positive outlook on 
a few to five years timeframe. 
Ronak Vora: 
And Sir lastly on reselling model so can you just give me a brief overview and what was the 
company so I am not sure when you are talking about this if you can just trash upon that? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So we have spoken about this several times and I would encourage you also to visit the 
website secondtimezone.com if you happen to visit Delhi do visit the second timezone 
lounge that we have that gets your sense it is not only the numbers that matter I think the 
finest and what we are trying to do which is very important in the luxury business. I would 
encourage you to sort of feel that as far as the business is concerned buying for pre-owned 
watches we buy pre-owned watches we refurbish them we check if they are authentic. We 
refurbish them we offer them for sale with a two-year warranty everything is done officially 
these are officially imported watches everything is sold officially and it is a business that is 
growing very rapidly not only in India but globally if you Google pre-owned watches you 
will see several global websites that have grown rapidly over the last three to four years and 
we are experiencing the same trend in India. 
Ronak Vora: 
Okay Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronak Jain from Jain Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ronak Jain: 
Couple of questions from my end, firstly what value addition you will be using the money 
to right issue in Ethos also secondly what can be the sustainable margins for the Ethos 
business once business normalizes? What is the sustainable margins for Ethos business once 
business normalizes post pandemic? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So the right issue of Ethos is at Rs.540 premium at Rs.550 total and that translates to a 
valuation of about Rs.1000 Crores and sustainable margins in ethos as I mentioned. Our 
goal is to get to an EBITDA of about 10% we believe in EBITDA of 10% to 11% is the 
sustainable margin in the ethos it will take some time to reach 10% about two years or so 
because we are still the operating leverages are now starting to kick in and the gross margin 
growth which comes from a greater share of exclusive high margin brands that is still 
playing out and over the next two years then we will reach this table. 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Ronak Jain: 
All right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Poddar, Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Hi Sir I hope you are doing well and keep repeating, just two questions Sir in your journey 
towards 10% EBITDA margin, what is the gross margin you are targeting that is question 
number one and second across your format in Ethos if you can just help me with the net 
working cycle and the inventory which is required to be carry just two questions? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So in EBITDA calculation I do not think the gross marks from where we are, the EBITDA 
is emerging as I mentioned largely due to operating leverage kicking in, yes gross margin 
changes a bit but again not very substantially from where we are due to the fact that a 
higher share of the business is going to come from exclusive brand which typically have a 
higher cost margin so that is probably going to be something like I do not know something I 
estimate about a half a percent increase in gross margins but a larger part is going to come 
from the operating leverage  side of things. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Got it. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
And working capital so currently we have about four or five years ago we were at about 
nine months of working capital at cost currently we are about seven months I believe this is 
the level that we would stay at, paid inventory is less because we do enjoy credit period 
from brands which varies from 15 days to 180 days depending on the brand so paid 
inventory would probably be about four to five months. I believe this is the level where it 
would stay broadly I do want to add that this compares actually pretty favorably with global 
benchmarks on inventory levels in the luxury watch business globally they tend to be in the 
region of 10 to 12 months but of course globally since the interest rates are the cost of 
money is lower we need to be more circumspect, we need to be more careful about what we 
order what we stopped and I believe we can operate at a level 25% or 30% below or even 
more 30%-35% below what our global benchmarks. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Sir if I may ask a follow-up this is the difference between paid inventory and inventory at 
cost of part of the inventory on return basis where it has been funded by brand owner? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
No what is my inventory is let us say seven months but on an average if I enjoy two months 
of credit then my paid inventory is only five months so it is essentially the average credit 
period from my vendors. 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Pratik Poddar: 
Understood Sir and the last question Sir watches is a very long tail business for that omni 
channel is critical with us not having an ad how much of a big business opportunity are you 
missing over there because it would be very critical for you? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Watches is a very long tail business. 
Pratik Poddar: 
In the sense you need a lot of SKU's right it is not a standard so it is like books to be honest 
if I were to draw comparable it is like books and hence omni channel is something which is 
required right everything cannot be stored so from that perspective just trying to think about 
not having an app of our own and the opportunity which we are losing because of that? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Excellent question Pratik first of all an app is under development and that is one of the big 
moves that we are doing in fact last year an app a version was ready we were not satisfied 
our CEO Pranav was not satisfied, his aim is to create an app which is at global levels so we 
are back to that and I think next year you should see the app that is one point so that is a 
very, very valid point. Second mostly all watches are displayed in stores whatever we do 
not have too much stock that we keep in the warehouse and that is globally the scenario. In 
the luxury field it is not a very long tail business in the fashion watch business watches in 
Rs.20000, Rs.30000-Rs.100000 price point it is right but in the luxury business the reality is 
that most of the successful luxury brands that cutting back on their range they are not 
offering a very wide range. They are offering specialized products and I do not know if you 
know but in some of the top brands their top selling models are actually difficult to find so 
you cannot really go into a Rolex store and ask for every model, there are waiting lists and 
it is not only for this brand for several brands, they are waiting lists on their most popular 
models so the long tail is less valid now than it was let us say five years ago. 
Pratik Poddar: 
So in that case going forward do you expect with seven months of working capital of 
inventory to go down further maybe to… 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Ideally we would love to do that but you know it as much as I do that Indian customer today 
wants the same experience in a store in India as he would want in Dubai or Singapore or 
London right, they do not want a different experience now if they go into a boutique let us 
say an omega boutique in London and they see a range of 250 watches over there and if 
they come into an omega boutique in India and they see only 100 watches over there a 
selection even though I may be price it very competitively and even though I make it 
because do not worry I am going to get it for you in three weeks, the general reaction is 
India don’t have that much  range so if we have to benchmark ourselves with global 
standards. We have got to keep that range to make the Indian customer believe and truly 
believe that shopping in India is better than shopping of aboard. This is something which 
we have succeeded to do and that is why a lot of our customers are people who used to buy 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 18 
abroad but now they are buying in India because the price is competitive and the range is 
excellent so we would love to be more to cut down stock further but I believe it is more 
important to make sure that the experience we offer to our customers is the same it is better 
than what they get in a London or Singapore and I know a lot of our customers today 
actually believe it so I think it is a matter of balancing these two objectives. 
Pratik Poddar: 
And for this luggage brand or will it be a part of standard or you will have a separate 
subsidiary like? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So again I mean how big it goes and what happens we cannot really predict at the moment 
but at the moment it is not planned as a separate subsidiary. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Do you have all India rights for this it is a master franchise agreement for all India pan India 
or it is regional? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I am not in a position to divulge too much of that detail yet but as of now this will be the 
only boutique of Rimowa in India. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Okay all the best thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avadhoot Joshi from Newberry Capitals. 
Please go ahead. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. One comment was of the withdrawn of exclusive branded 
watches from third party website in line to that I have also heard that there is shortage of 
exclusive brands in the market and I think this strategy of management is in line with same, 
I would like to know because going further this will add to the profitability I would like to 
have a view from management. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I think our strategy on exclusive brands is evolving and it is based on the success we are 
seeing, communication on digital platform we are successfully establishing the presence of 
exclusive brands in among the Indian customers and it is important that the credibility of 
the exclusive brands is not impacted adversely so and one of the aspects is to be able to 
control the pricing so as on third party website sometimes that is not very easy if a stock is 
held for a longer period of time more and so on and that sometimes leads to a problem 
because we do not want our brand's exclusive brand portfolios to be selling at huge 
discounts. We do not see the need for doing that because they are established and customers 
are picking up these watches that is also a feedback that we have from our brand partners in 
Switzerland or elsewhere who say look you are doing well why please do not discount the 
brand because it is somehow beyond the point it impacts the credibility so we want to 
control the discount we want to have a greater sale in how the brands are presented with 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 18 
what environment even on the online space and yes it is part of the evolving strengthening 
and evolving strategy of exclusive brands. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Understood. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalaram Singh from Vibrant Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Good evening team and very happy to see the recovery. I have lot of questions should I just 
ask them together. My first question is on the Ethos side the third party website I believe 
you are referring to the likes of Tata Cliq, Nykaa and even Myntra where we see a lot of 
your exclusive brand so firstly do we only put the exclusive brands list then on these 
websites number one can you confirm that and number two is what percentage of sales can 
we derive from these websites as of today of our whole pie then I want to know that ethos 
valuation after the right issue it means that it will be almost doubling compared to our last 
fundraise which was happening like around Rs.250 so actually it is more than doubling and 
even if I take book before that I think in 2018 when I believe Alchemy and other had 
invested it was 292 per share so even if I take that as the base it is almost 88% higher so I 
would like to know why we believe that the business valuation has doubled and that would 
be helpful then my question is on value unlocking in ethos is Saif partners holding the only 
deterrent for demerger which means that if they exit the KDDL completely will there be no 
further hurdle in demerging and listing, can you please confirm that my next question is on 
boarding Patrick Hoffman on the board, he is an esteemed individual and used to head JLC 
and also I think right now he is involved with a very big pre-owned global watch platform 
so I want to understand what is the kind of value, which we are expecting to derive from 
such personality and how that can help for us given that we are still largely an India based 
company more than pre-owned so are we looking to further go beyond India that would be 
helpful so a lot of questions are there but maybe if you can answer these then I have three to 
four more questions sorry for this long questions? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
No problem so you are right about the third party. These are platforms like Tata Cliq and 
largely we are doing our exclusive brands on this, essentially because we do not really want 
to compete with other retailers who want to put on other watches. We want to have our own 
portfolio there but as I mentioned we want to control the thing better so we are being more 
discerning about which kind of platform we are going to feature our watches for the 
percentage of sales relevantly we will come back to you we need to get this figure I do not 
have it readily we will get back to you on this. On the question of ethos valuation as to why 
we believe the value as double frankly it is not only new believes, it is shareholders of ethos 
and I am a very small shareholder of ethos but the shareholders of ethos who believe that 
because we are expecting quite a great response on this rights issue so the reasons for the 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 18 
jump in valuation are actually pretty clear right, the previous valuations were all done at 
either a time when we were impacted by COVID. We could not see the future very clearly 
or it was on the back of one or two difficult years when we were still looking at all the 
regulatory headwinds and so on I think we are through with that we are looking at blue sky 
we are looking at all the leading indicators they are looking positive and I think there is 
every indication that you see macroeconomic if you see valuation of KDDL if you see the 
response to the right issue so as you know valuation is not an exact sign. It is based on 
assumptions but I believe we are not off the mark on this valuation because the reason for 
the increase in valuations are pretty clear. I think the proof of the pudding is in the eating 
and if the right tissue is successful and obviously this was discussed with the major 
shareholders of Ethos and their views were sort of taken before the Board of Ethos decided 
on a value. I believe the proof of the pudding will be in the eating and we will see that 
pretty soon. As far as SAIF is concerned I think the shareholding of SAIF  is obviously the 
most important hurdle and frankly I have come to a point where I am saying here unless 
that is resolved there is no point in discussing all the various scenarios. There are various 
scenarios are possible but until the SAIF divests completely that from KDDL or there is a 
change of law, there is nothing to be done so let us come we will cross that bridge when we 
come to the point. We have discussed with SAIF on a number of occasions if they have any 
intentions of divesting right now it does not seem to be so but when they do then of course 
we will tackle this issue very proactively. Your last question was on Patrick Hoffman 
indeed a very valuable addition to the board, it is not only that we will get a international 
expert only because if we want to expand internationally our business is international, our 
business depends on relationships with global brands it depends on how Ethos is viewed 
globally today if you go and see globally top watch retailers you will see names like 
watches of Switzerland and I encouraged you to go and check out watches of Switzerland, it 
is a UK company, it is a listed company they did an IPO three years ago have a look at that 
it is comparable in its business strategy to what we are doing right similarly if you see 
Hourglass these are the leading retailers you see in Switzerland. These are the leading 
retailers and they are globally recognized we need Ethos if you want to grow and become 
the most powerful and the most respected watch retail luxury retail brand in India. We need 
to have that international outlook and for that we need to have these international 
associations for which just sitting in India is not enough so I think Patrick brings a lot of 
that international perspective and while there are no immediate plans to go outside India 
who knows I think this the coming generation of Indians, no longer recognizes the 
geographical boundaries of India. This is the great thing about the younger generation that 
okay India is we have to somehow grow within India I think the younger generation says 
wherever there is an opportunity we will go so I do not think we will have need pre-defined 
boundaries we have it is still early days I like to say that ethos is like a startup people say 
normally Ethos is 12 years old as a separate company yes but we are in a startup field, there 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 18 
is luxury watch business is there a startup in India so we are a startup right, the sky is the 
limit as far as I think so Patrick Hoffman is a tradition keeping the future in mind. 
Lalaram Singh: 
Understood. Sir just if I can ask a couple of more questions. Firstly really love the way we 
explained the value addition of Patrick Hoffman in the sense that we thought needs to be 
valued by the brands and we need to be accepted well although we are present in India but I 
think that was something which so thank you so much and having been a shareholder for 
the past four years I have been a huge admirer of what we have been doing in luxury retail 
and the reason why I could sort of stick and shareholder even during the lockdown since 
there is nothing right was the fact that we have built such great capabilities of basically 
servicing the customers. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I got your message also thank you very much you have been a constant force you have 
encouraged us and you have also questioned us very much appreciated. Thank you very 
much please can you check on your questions because I think there might be some others 
who maybe wanting to ask as well so… 
Lalaram Singh: 
Okay Sir I will keep it short. My question next would be I think only two, one is Rimowa so 
just want to understand that at what level have we thought in this, is this more like I mean 
the discussions with the brand and how has been around how many stores we need to open 
over the next 12 months or is it stay that we will open the one store and see how it goes, is 
that what the level of discussion is and number two is what are the gross margin? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So Rimowa for them India they are stepping here for the first time, for us the luggage 
business is a new field so in a sense you can say 15 years ago when we entered into the 
watch retail business we said this looks like a great field let us enter in and we started with 
one store today we are at 50. There are several brands who entered India with ethos when 
India opened. Carl F Bucherer was one of them, today it is at 14 or 15 of our stores we have 
remained the exclusive partner for the brand for the last 16 years so typically in a situation 
like this where the brand is entering India we are entering in a new segment, there are two 
of course the brand does not want to enter India to open only one boutique and we want to 
start a business to do only one boutique however it must start with one boutique there will 
be learning from this and we will go forward and hopefully we will expand steadily as we 
have done in the watch retail business so it may be in other segments as well. What we are 
clear is this going forward in segments like luggage jewelry other luxury products it will 
mostly be a very active combination of online and physical in fact the online platform will 
be a very important part if not the predominant part so and that is a sentiment that is shared 
mostly by all the brands which they are saying that we understand that while we may need a 
certain number of boutiques in the country for a physical presence for the luxury 
experience. The digital presence being able to serve the entire country through digital 

 
 
 
KDDL Limited 
November 17, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 18 
means is extremely important and that will be a central theme in our strategy going forward. 
It is difficult to place exact numbers but of course we have a lot of optimistic outlook on the 
luxury luggage segment as well as other segments that we arrived. 
Lalaram Singh : 
Great thank you so much and as always best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we will take that as a last question 
I now have the conference over to Mr. Yashovardhan Saboo for closing comments. Thank 
you and over to you Sir. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you very much. I thank everybody for joining the call and I hope I have been able to 
answer most of the queries in case that query is still remaining please contact SGA our 
investment relations partners we will get the queries and we will do our best to answer them 
very promptly. Thank you very much and have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of KDDL limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
