Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
T: +91-40-40099999 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 info@tanla.com 
Tanla Technology Center 
 
 
 www.tanla.com 
Hi-tech city Road, Madhapur,  
 
 
 
Hyderabad, India - 500081 
CIN: L72200TG1995PLC021262 
 
October 26, 2021 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532790 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TANLA 
 
 
Dear Madam/Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Q2-FY21-22. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the Earnings Call 
for Q2 results of FY21-22 held on Friday, October 22, 2021, at 4:00 PM IST to 5:00 PM IST. 
 
The transcript is uploaded on the Company’s website as well on below link; 
 
https://www.tanla.com/media/announcement/ec_transcriptq2fy22.pdf  
 
Request you to take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tanla Platforms Limited 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 
Seshanuradha Chava 
Company Secretary 
ACS-15519 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
Tanla Platforms Limited 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 22, 2021 
 
Call Duration 
64 minutes 
Management 
▪ 
Ritu Mehta - Head of Investor Relations 
▪ 
Uday Kumar Reddy - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
▪ 
Aravind Viswanathan - Chief Financial Officer 
▪ 
Deepak Goyal - Executive Director & Chief Business Officer 
Participants that asked 
the questions 
▪ 
Saurabh Dugar - Antique Stock Broking 
▪ 
Dipesh Mehta - Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd 
▪ 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal - Choice International Limited 
▪ 
Anil Sarin - Centrum Wealth 
▪ 
Sudhir Bheda - Right Time Consultancy Services 
▪ 
Milind Karmarkar - Dalal & Broacha 
▪ 
Kushan Virani - InCred 
▪ 
Amit Chandra - HDFC Securities 
▪ 
Tejas Shah - Unique Stock Broking 
▪ 
Deepak Chhugani - Ray Capital 
▪ 
Sharad Kohli - Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 18 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY 2022 Earnings 
Conference Call of Tanla Platforms Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta from Tanla Platforms Limited. 
Thank you and over to you Ms. Mehta. 
Ritu Mehta: 
Hello, everyone. I am Ritu Mehta, and I lead Investor Relations for Tanla 
Platforms. On behalf of everyone at Tanla, I would like to welcome you to our 
Q2 earning call. Joining with us today are Uday Reddy, our Founder, Chairman 
and CEO; Deepak Goyal, Executive Director and Chief Business Officer; and 
Aravind Viswanathan, our CFO. 
 
Uday Reddy, our Founder, Chairman and CEO will share perspectives on 
business imperatives and strategic progress made by Tanla. After his opening 
remarks, we will be happy to engage with the participants and address the 
questions. Before I hand it over to Uday, let me draw your attention to the fact 
that today's discussion may feature statements that are forward-looking in 
nature. All statements, other than statements of historical facts could be deemed 
forward-looking in nature. Such statements are inherently subject to risks and 
uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. We have given 
a detailed disclosure in this regard in our presentation, which is uploaded on the 
website. 
 
Now over to Uday. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. Thanks to Ritu. Good evening and very warm welcome to all of you to our 
Q2 earnings call. We have had a stellar performance in Q2 across all 
dimensions. Revenue grew by 44%, and EBITDA grew by 83% year-on-year. 
Our EBITDA margin improved by 452 basis points year-on-year. Our EPS grew 
72% year-on-year, and we delivered a double-digit EPS in the quarter for the 
first time. 
 
I talked about Rule of 40 in the last call. Rule of 40 is aspirational for SaaS 
companies. We have been operating at an incredible Rule of 60 for two quarters 
in a row. What gives me a great pride is that we have been driving profitable 
growth, while maintaining strong financial discipline, generating best-in-class 
free cash flows of INR 222 crore and maintaining a very strong balance sheet. 
 
Gartner recognized Tanla in the latest CPaaS market guide as a key global 
solution provider in the developer market. We are the only Asian company to be 
recognized under developer category. 
 
Let me give my perspective on what is driving our growth and performance. We 
are seeing a very strong demand environment in India. Growth is driven by 
increase in volumes for the existing customers as well as new use cases. Entry 
of new age customers are also adding to market growth. Growth is led by BFSI. 
And we are also seeing a global good traction in areas like retail, e-commerce, 
and Government. We are gaining wallet shares in our existing customers, while 
gaining market shares from newer clients. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
I talked about three things in the last call. Platforms, partnerships, and global 
expansion. We have made good progress on all. Let me start with platforms. We 
celebrated the first anniversary of commercial launch of Trubloq, the world's first 
and the largest blockchain use case and we increased our market share to 63%. 
We are betting big on Wisely and making a significant investment. We have 
added new features on Wisely platform, and we will continue making 
investments to drive innovation and create new revenue streams to expand our 
total addressable market. 
 
On partnerships, we have closed two significant partnerships on Wisely platform 
to further drive our one platform strategy. We are in beta testing phase, and we 
would like to announce this in the current quarter with a greater detail. Our 
approach is to focus Wisely in India and demonstrate value before taking it 
global. We are working with one of the largest consulting firms in the world on 
Wisely GTM strategy to serve global markets, and this would be ready by end 
of December. 
 
We'll be disciplined in our capital allocation. We will be focused on bolt-on 
acquisitions that would provide niche capabilities. Our investments will be 
focused on Wisely platform and global expansion. We're building the company 
for long-term. We are integrating ESG into our business and working towards 
sustainable growth. We presented our first detailed shareholders report to help 
understand our business better. We are very excited about opportunities in front 
of us. And we are thinking big. 
 
With this, I'm opening the floor for Q&A. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Operator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 
one on the touch-tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. To ask a question, please press 
star one now. 
 
We have a first question from the line of Saurabh Dugar from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Dugar: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, my first question 
is, how has been the competitive intensity this quarter with the launch of Sinch 
and Twilio they have entered the market recently. So how has the performance 
been?  
Deepak Goyal: 
Deepak here. So just to tell you, Sinch and Twilio, it's been a long time that 
they've entered the market. It's not recently I would say. And at the same time, 
they have entered by acquiring two existing competitors of ours, who've been 
there in the market for last two decades. So, I would say nothing has changed. 
Saurabh Dugar: 
Right. So my question was more towards after the acquisition, how have you 
seen the performance? Has there been a change or any sort of update? 

 
Page 4 of 18 
Deepak Goyal: 
Well, you've seen our results. We have been growing very well, right. 
Saurabh Dugar: 
Right, right. 
Deepak Goyal: 
That is one. And just to tell you see, we are able to increase our wallet share 
with our existing customers. We are acquiring new customers; it is a very good 
growth coming in. So yes, that's how it is. 
Saurabh Dugar: 
Okay. My second question is, how are you targeting the new age companies or 
the relatively younger companies, someone like Nykaa or Dream11. How are 
you -- do you sort of acquiring them? And how have they grown, I've seen that, 
you've grown in the EdTech segment quite significantly, I was reading the 
presentation. Just wanted to understand, how you approach them and what is 
the sort of the idea and the process? 
Deepak Goyal: 
We have a very robust sales engine in place, and our business team is the best 
in the industry I would say. Okay, and both the names what you have just quoted, 
there are customers. And we have -- so we have been going after the new age 
companies in a big way. We have a very good funnel in place. We have been 
acquiring a lot of new age companies, not just EdTech companies, but otherwise 
other companies as well. And we will continue to do so. 
Saurabh Dugar: 
Right. Good to know that. I know last question from my side, Q3 I believe is one 
of the strongest quarters for you. So how are you expecting Q3 to go through 
this time and have you seen any such trend in the past, the opening three weeks 
of the quarter, if you could highlight? Thank you. 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, it is too early to comment. But yes, as you have seen, we have been growing 
more than the market and we would continue -- we are very confident, we will 
do so in Q3 as well. 
Saurabh Dugar: 
Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First about the new 
breakup, which you provided on platform and enterprise. Can you help us 
understand how have you on divided businesses? What is included in platform 
business? What is part of enterprise? And how the cost is allocated across the 
business? 
 
Second question is about the partnership. You indicated two new significant 
partnerships being added during the quarters. So, if you can provide some broad 
partnership related things, let's say last two to four quarters how we expanded 
partnership on Wisely platform, and how we expect this partnership to help us 
first grow domestically and then internationally? 
 
Third question is about our strategy for non-SMS related revenues. If you can 
provide new products, which are less renowned than SMS, WhatsApp, or any 
other product, which WhatsApp, E-mail, and if you can provide some 
perspective how that revenue pie is shaping up for us in enterprise business? 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
And the last question is about the ILD price uptick, which happened last quarter. 
So how much of this revenue growth was contributed from those benefits? 
Thanks. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Dipesh. This is Aravind. Maybe I will take the first one, and I'll ask Uday 
to give light on the partnership and Deepak would kind of address the third and 
fourth questions. We've been disclosing platform and enterprise revenues slide 
for some time now, because we started in part of our Q4 results, right. Platform 
revenues are revenues that are originating generated as a revenue share from 
our platform, where there is no usage cost, right. There are no transactional 
costs associated with it. It is basically revenue that we get because the platforms 
have been deployed. Best examples would be our SMSC or Trubloq. So that is 
the basis. The cost for platform business is just cloud hosting charges, right. So 
that is the split and those are the data we have given. I would now request Uday 
to give you a flavor on the partnerships, because that’s a big area for us. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks, Aravind. Like in terms of the partnerships as mentioned in my speech, 
they're a significant partnership for us mainly for Wisely platform, and both the 
partnerships are exclusive on Wisely. As we speak, both are under beta testing 
and when I say beta testing, we are trying with a couple of our large customers 
and once we stabilize this beta testing with two of our large customers, we will 
release to the market with a successful use case. And probably at that time we 
will talk about the opportunity size around these two opportunities of our two 
partnerships. 
 
All I can say is, I'm not in a position to quantify the size, but all I can say is they 
are pretty significant, there is no doubt about that. But -- so I would like to leave 
it at this point of time. I would like to leave it here and please allow us to come 
back in the next two months before you announce to the market and the partners 
names as well as with the value associated with this partner. I will request 
Deepak to talk about ILD and mainly on the WhatsApp area. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Hi, Deepak here. So, you asked for how are we doing on other channels other 
than the SMS. So firstly, first to tell you we have our omni-channel platform 
where we are channel agnostic and we provide all available channels today to 
our customers as an option to communicate where be it voice or it is email or it’s 
WhatsApp, or SMS. 
 
And now you know email is growing very well, okay. We have seen a good 
growth in email. Voice is I would say it's not growing very big, because the kind 
of business we are in, voice has a limited role to play. But if you look at 
WhatsApp, because we are focusing a lot on conversational messaging, and 
we're building a lot of use cases on around conversational. So we have seen a 
huge growth coming in WhatsApp. 
 
In fact, in Q2, we have seen our revenues going double compared to Q1 as far 
as WhatsApp is concerned. So, we believe that momentum will continue. And 
we will add more channels as well other than WhatsApp for conversational. So, 
we are not going to stop at WhatsApp or RCS. So that you would hear soon 
from us. 
 
And yes, and your last question was around ILD price increase. Yes, there was 
an increase in ILD price, and we had a positive impact on our revenues in Q2. 

 
Page 6 of 18 
And if you compared to Q1 or since Q2 I would attribute about 50% growth 
coming from ILD platform. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So just to kind of elaborate on that debate, we grew sequentially about 34%. 
Roughly 50% of that can be attributed to the ILD business, and the balance 
would be the rest of the business momentum. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
And there is follow-up on I think on some of the answers. First about, it's a 
partnership. We say to -- whether it is client specific partnership, where we have 
engaged two large clients maybe in different industries or I don't know whether 
maybe in the same industries, who can become reference client for future 
growth, or it is with some SI partner or some consulting partner who can help us 
expand into multiple clients and multiple industries subsequently. 
 
Second, follow-up on the same about non-SMS revenue. Can you quantify let's 
say what percentage of our enterprise business coming from non-SMS at this 
point of time, and if you have any target in mind, where you expected to reach 
in maybe two-year, three-year, five years out kind of thing? 
 
And I think in the first question you spoke about giving platform and enterprise, 
contribution shares, just want to understand theoretically, let's say if we have 
client at Karix, now we charge them for let's say, SMS. We also charge them 
through Trubloq, but then how revenue will be divided because I presume, let's 
say in Trubloq we charge roughly around 2, 2.5 paisa, additional to what the 
Karix might be charging with 9 to 10 paisa. So, if you can help us understand 
this on expense? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Dipesh, Uday here. In terms of partnerships, we're not talking about SI partners. 
All I can say at this point of time is this partnership will increase, it will help us 
increase our revenues. So, I would like to leave it there. Please allow us to come 
back with the next two months with successful use cases with the both the 
partners. And let me repeat again, they are very, very significant partners for 
Wisely platform. Aravind, do you want to talk about? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Okay, let me cover quickly Dipesh on the platform definition, right. This platform 
revenue -- we do not charge Karix for Trubloq site. The business model is a little 
different maybe we can take it little offline. But effectively the enterprise pays an 
integrated price to Karix. The telco gets the payment which includes the cost of 
DLT. We get a revenue share from the telco. So, in this example, we do not 
really take revenue on a Trubloq from Karix for the purpose of platform, it comes 
from the telco trust that clarifies. On the non -- on the new age OTT channel, we 
are not calling out a percentage right now Dipesh, but all I can say is we are 
scaling that up significantly and once it reaches a certain size, we will definitely 
call it out, but at this point of time, we're not calling out as far as that is 
concerned. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thanks. 
Operator: 
Thank you, sir. We have a next question from the line of Abhimanyu Kasliwal 
from Choice International. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon, Uday. Good afternoon, Aravind. Am I 
audible? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yes, good afternoon. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Anyway, Mr. Aravind you might remember me, we have had a detailed 
conversation in the past. I had a few questions Mr. Uday, Mr. Aravind, and the 
rest of the management. I will ask them one by one. My first question for is, the 
old story of all of the cash on books. We do have INR 800 crores of cash. The 
business is a high margin business, I do realize that we've kept the cash to keep 
it ready for acquisition, wherever Mr. Aravind had said, one good acquisition can 
take up at least half of it in one shot. Do we have any acquisitions lined up? If 
not, then can we consider some kind of payout of dividend or do we plan to keep 
it on the books that is my first question? If you could guide me on that sir? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. So Uday, here. Let me answer that about the cash side. Yes, we hold 
around INR 840 crores cash on the books as we speak. Definitely, we would like 
to use this cash for our global expansion plan. Number two is we want to invest 
a lot of this money on our Wisely platform. That's number two. Number three, in 
terms of acquisitions, like we're not going to buy any company for numbers. We 
are very, very clear about that. We may acquire a company for -- we can call it 
the tuck-in acquisition or the bolt-on acquisitions, which will enhance our 
capabilities on Wisely platform. But definitely, we are not here to buy any 
company for number that is very, very clear about it. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Okay, got it sir. Sir follow-up question if I may. So, the enterprise business is 
doing very well. But the platform business is the real money spinner. The real 
cash cow with about 80%, 90% margins. Would there be any way that we can 
project the growth for this segment? And related to that why we're tied up with 
most of the telecom providers. I know, but we have not tied up with Jio. And 
there's another telecom provider where we have one of the two provider 
supports. So, my worry is that what is that to stop the other telecom providers 
from doing the same, why don’t we have our moat? And if so, can we be able to 
move into new geographies, when I asked Aravind sir this question two months 
ago, he had said that -- Tanla’s strategy is to push entrench itself in its interested 
markets. But if you could throw more light on that Uday sir then, I would be very 
grateful. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Okay, in terms of that, yes, we do work with all the mobile carriers in India, 
including Jio, okay. So, we work with each and every telco in India. That's the 
first point, right. So, second point is yes, some of the Telcos have been in the 
CPaaS business for quite some time. And sometimes we partnership with them, 
sometimes we compete with them. So, in terms of global expansion, if Wisely 
as I told you earlier, through Wisely, we want to expand into international market. 
And once we see the traction in India with successful use case, we will launch 
Wisely platform in the global markets very soon. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Okay, sir. Last question so in that case, could we have any kind of indication in 
terms of what kind of -- for example now I know we have two partnerships 
coming up? And we cannot talk about specifics. But if we have some indication 
for the next quarter or two, what kind of revenue growth or margin growth you 

 
Page 8 of 18 
can expect because we've seen fantastic revenue growth and margin growth 
this quarter. Can we expect this trend to continue and is expected to flatten a 
bit? What would you say sir? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Couple of things that we are not here to make any forward-looking statements. 
Having said that, we’re growing much faster than industry. That's what Deepak 
has also covered in one of the questions. So, if the market is growing, we are 
also growing, right. So, we're not in a position to qualify or quantify this 
partnership. Please bear with us a couple of more months before we announce 
the market. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Okay, thank you so much sir. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Anil Sarin from Centrum 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Anil Sarin: 
Good evening, top management of Tanla. First of all, accept my congratulations 
for the awesome performance. Clearly, I mean you had mentioned earlier that 
the industry is growing at 20% more and that industry growth, you seem to be 
growing much, much faster. So, well done and more power to you. So, my 
question was more of a just a technical question in your leading slide in your first 
slide in your presentation, you covered various revenue market share volume 
market share. So, I just wanted to know, DLT volume share is 63%, NLD volume 
share is 41%. So, are these two things different? What I wanted to know was 
that is it that there are some non-DLT messages also going out right now, or 
they've been completely stopped. So, what is the distinction between NLD 
market share and DLT market share? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, so Anil, Uday here. When it comes to DLT platform, DLT platform is 
deployed with the mobile carriers, our DLT platform is deployed with five out of 
these seven mobile carriers in India. And if anybody wants to use these six 
mobile carriers in India, they are supposed to use DLT platform to start it, that's 
number one. 
 
So, number two is when it comes to our NLD business, we are predominantly 
talking about the Karix volume here, so 100% of the Karix volume goes through 
our Trubloq which is a DLT platform. In addition to that, our DLT platform is also 
used by Karix competitor, if I'm allowed to say that that's how our market share 
in DLT is around 63% as opposed to around 40% in our NLD traffic. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay, and there was one more aspect as a follow-on what I have come to know 
is that there is some firewall business and there are some regular businesses, 
you can just explain what is this firewall business that you do and what is the 
regular SMSC, what is the difference? And where are you doing firewall 
business? Where are you doing SMSC business amongst the telcos of India? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. So, when it comes to firewall, we have firewalled one of the probably, the 
largest telco in India, I am afraid I cannot name it, but what they are, they're the 
largest telcos in India. So, we have a firewalled the third largest telco in India, 

 
Page 9 of 18 
so first and third largest telcos are firewalled by us, that's number one. Our 
SMSC serviced at least for four mobile carriers in India. So, firewall, we have 
done with two networks in terms of an SMSC, we are working with four telcos 
Anil. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay, one last question for myself, Uday if you were to think about like, revenue 
composition and revenue growth, is firewall a bigger business in terms of 
quantum, I mean visibly SMS that is part one and second is between the two 
which one is growing faster between the two which is bigger, between the two 
which is growing faster? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, Anil, the firewall is predominantly for IoT business, okay. And SMSC or what 
we call it as a hub, SMS hub partnered on, they're both for NLD and ILD, okay. 
So, if you ask me, which is growing faster in terms of volumes, our NLD volumes 
are growing much faster than ILD volumes. But having said that, there is an 
increase of price in ILD in the last quarter. But in terms of volume, it is NLD, in 
terms of value as we speak ILD in the last quarter. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay, and is there a chance of you doing firewall with other telcos of India as 
well? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
I think my information is like you know, all the telcos are firewalled. So, I would 
like to leave it here. Probably we'll talk about it in the near future about this 
business in the next two months. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay sir, thank you so much. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Right 
Time Consultancy Services. Please go ahead. 
Sudhir Bheda:  
Yes, good afternoon, sir. And many congratulations for outstanding results, sir. 
Sir, hello am I audible? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, yes. 
Sudhir Bheda:  
Yes sir, before asking the question, I just would like to mention a point and hope 
that authorities are listening. We have been under ASM in one year and I think 
a lot of small investors are suffering because of that, just I wanted to put this 
thing on the record. Sir, my question would be like, what is the volume growth in 
Q2 sir, if we exclude the price increase, overall blended volume growth, if you 
can elaborate on that? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Aravind? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yes, we’re not calling out volume separately Sudhir, right, we have not disclosed 
volume. All I can tell you is that both sequentially and YoY, our volume growth 
have been very, very strong, Uday mentioned in one of the previous questions 
in terms of NLD business growing much faster. So, we've not called out volume 
specifically, but we've had very good volume growth. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Okay, and so my second question is what kind of opportunities there in the global 
market are once we will be in the global market from FY23. So, what is the 
opportunity size if you can give some color to it? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Hi, Mr. Sudhir, Uday here like I think Wisely is there to address the complete 
CPaaS market. So, we’re investing a lot of money on the Wisely platform. And 
it is going to disrupt the entire CPaaS market, so the market in front of it is huge 
in terms of global market. But we're just waiting for a couple of practical use 
cases in India, want to see them, see the success in India, we will definitely 
launch Wisely in a big way. And all I can say is there is a massive opportunity in 
front of us that much I can tell you. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Okay, sir. Understood, thank you sir. Thanks for the opportunity. And again, 
congratulation to Team Tanla for outstanding performance. Thank you. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks, Sudhir. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Sudhir. 
Operator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Milind Karmarkar from 
Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Well, congratulations gentlemen on a great set of numbers. And so, I had two 
questions. One was of course, on the ILD price increase, just wanted to 
understand that is it sustainable over a longer period of time or it keeps on 
fluctuating? That was my first question. And my second question was on cost of 
services over a period of time, we have seen cost of services slowly coming 
down last two quarters it has remained stable. So, as we go ahead and go to 
the international market, just wanted to understand the cost of services, whether 
it is likely as a percentage of overall sales, whether it's likely to come down or 
remain at the current level? Thank you. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Hi, Deepak here. So, to answer to your question on ILD, I would like to tell you 
that ILD prices have been more in line with the international rates in the other 
countries, okay. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Okay. 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, suppose we decided to increase the price to make it in line with other 
countries outside India, and I would say it is highly sustainable, the prices would 
be sustained, I don’t see any issue there. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
So, my next question was that as we move to move internationally, the cost of 
services which is one of the largest expenditures overall whether it would in 
terms of as a percentage of the top line, would it remain same or is it possible 
that it could come down as well? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Milind, we usually track gross margin, okay. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Right. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
If you take our competitors in the global market, their margins are on par with 
our margins. So, we are not really worried about the cost of services, and we 
closely track our margin sales and cost of services. 

 
Page 11 of 18 
Milind Karmarkar: 
All right. Thank you so much and all the best. Thanks. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks, Milind. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Kushan Virani from InCred. 
Please go ahead. 
Kushan Virani: 
Hi, congratulations, everyone for these amazing results. My question was under 
the services that you all are running alongside the Government and after the 
successful application of Trubloq from the CoWIN platform, are there any other 
such initiatives that you're looking with the Government? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Hi, Deepak here. So, we see our -- one of the replicas of our platform is deployed 
at National Informatics Centre in Delhi, and all the Central Ministries, a lot of 
state Governments also are connected with our platform. So CoWIN is one use 
case, where you’ve seen that all the OTPs which are coming from CoWIN app 
to register for vaccination, or you get messages for confirmation of your 
vaccination from National Health portal. Are you getting messages on your 
certificate? 
 
So, they're all coming in through our platform. So, that was a couple of use cases 
which are new use cases, which we have participated with the Government, and 
we agreed on this flow. Similarly, there are yes, we keep talking to the 
Government and keep calling on more and more such cases. 
 
Let’s say for example in the past I can tell you Mann Ki Baat was one such thing 
right, where we actually brought Mann Ki Baat on voice and then we brought in 
on multiple languages. Today as you see whether any messages coming in 
about your GSTN, GSTIN or your income tax related messages or anything to 
do with health or agriculture, you also have a lot of use cases what we have 
worked upon along with Government and this continues, yes you would hear, 
we will be bringing more and more cases to increase our number of transactions 
and messages on our platform. 
Kushan Virani: 
Sure, thanks. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks, Kushan. 
Operator: 
Thank you, we have next question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
And thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the customer 
concentration. So, our top 20 customers roughly contribute 65% to revenues 
and another revenue on top seven is around 43%, 44%. So, I know how we see 
it, is it a risk because the concentration is on the higher side and are we 
expecting the concentration to be the same or with an average growth, we can 
see some moderation in this. So, this is the first question, and second question 
is on the contract that we have with enterprises. So, I know the contracts that 
we have is it a yearly contract or it’s a long-term contract? And how do we decide 
on the pricing and is there a pricing change because we have quite healthy 
relationship with the customers and we know from wide enterprise, we get 

 
Page 12 of 18 
around a bulk of revenues. So, is there any case of like pricing discount or that 
is being asked from the enterprise side whenever the contracts are there? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, let me answer the first question, Amit on the customer concentration, right. 
If you've looked at our customer concentration has kind of been coming down it 
used to be like 70% one year back, it’s kind of come to 66% now, right. Although 
if you really look at it, it's not that the customer market didn’t grow, the Top 20 
customers grew 35% YoY, so it's a little bit of a great thing that we are able to 
grow our customers, we're also adding to the base where the overall company 
is growing faster. So, we do see a lot of traction in terms of how we work with 
existing customers, how we expand our wallet share in those side both in terms 
of A2P as well as offering all the other channels. 
 
So, we are holistic partners to our clients, you've seen this reflect in all customer 
metrics, our customers giving us greater than INR 50 crore annualized revenue 
has gone up from INR 10 crore to INR 19 crore over the last 12 months. So, I 
think it's a good situation for us, where we have tremendous depth of relationship 
with our customers. 
 
We have tremendous customer retention, we’re able to scale existing 
customers, while at the same time continuously broadening our base, because 
we also added about 150 new customers in the H1 of this year. So, we're doing 
a bit of both and that's been good. And many of these customers are long 
standing, Amit. So, either, these are decade long relationships, two-decade long 
relationships. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Just to add what Aravind said, if you have any risk with these customers who 
just tell you, we have not lost a single customer, more than I would say 15 years. 
So having look at it and ICICI Bank is there with us for 18 years, HDFC Bank is 
there with us for more than 16 years now. State Bank of India is there with us 
for 16 years, Kotak Bank is there with us for more than 12 years now. Axis Bank 
is there with us for more than 13 or 14 years long. Government of India, the first 
time they came up with something like this, that was about nine years back and 
nine years, we are there with them. So, these are very old relationships, very 
strong relationships and deep integrations are there. So that is one. Number two 
about when you talk about the contract duration, yes, the usual duration is about 
three years. 
 
And most of these contracts are on auto renewable basis. We do have price 
discussion definitely. And, yes, but let me tell you the kind of relationships what 
we have with our customers, the kind of comfort they find with us, we are able 
to sustain the prices more or less and our margins, it is more important, right. 
So if you see, our margins are quite steady and we are able to increase our 
volume share as well. 
Amit Chandra: 
In terms of as you said, you have deep relationship and long-standing 
relationship with the top customers. So, I think there has been no churn already 
less churn there in the Top 10, Top 20 right. 
Deepak Goyal: 
As you said there is no churn. 
Amit Chandra: 
No churn, okay. And in terms of the pricing, is there a discussion relating to order 
discounts whenever the contracts come for renewal or is it based on the kind of 

 
Page 13 of 18 
services that we're offering? And is it because how I see it is, it has become 
more of a commoditized kind of a service or like maybe I'm wrong or we are 
providing such services, which cannot be replicated by others? So, is that the 
reason for the premium pricing to sustain or is it because of the relationship? 
Deepak Goyal: 
So let me tell you, okay. This is not a commoditized service first of all. And if we 
really see the same SMS, you'd find different prices for different industries. And, 
if it is commoditized then the prices should be more or less the same for 
everybody. But the kind of market we operate in, we -- there, this is a very, very 
critical services what we are providing. Yes, we are billing the customers on per 
transaction basis.  
 
But it doesn't mean that it becomes commoditized, because there are a lot of 
solutions going into that. Let’s say for example. And I've shared in my previous 
calls also the kind of use cases we have built for the BFSI sector. And we are 
the thought leaders in this market. We spend a lot of time with our customers 
understand their pain points, how we can create a wow factor for their 
customers. So basically, here it is thought about for let's say HDFC bank just to 
send out communication to their customers, but it is about if they're sending OTP 
then how it reaches less than maybe, less than two seconds, less than three 
seconds. How we can increase that conversion of our OTP. That's what they are 
looking at. I mean and this is where we excel all the time around. We help our 
customers to acquire new customers. 
 
We get involved, we provide a lot of analytics, we provide what kind of 
campaigns should be run okay to acquire more customers. So it is more about 
ROI, what are customers looking at from our campaign. So maybe my price 
could be higher than whatever, maybe our other vendor on the fleet, okay, but 
still customer would like to remain with us because we are able to provide better 
ROI. So that's what matters. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And answer in terms of the -- in terms of our relationship with the 
Government. Is Government, is there in the Top 10 customers? And now in 
terms of pricing, do we have the same pricing for the Government that we have 
for enterprises? And is there any different collection in terms of collection terms 
with the Government, is it on the higher side versus the enterprise? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Okay. Yes, definitely Government is part of our Top 20 customers, right. As far 
as pricings are concerned, so there are -- there is a separate, price line for the 
Government, okay. So, these are called non-commercial messages. And for the 
non-commercial messages, the price is much, much lower than the -- let's say, 
for example, for a bank or an e-commerce company. So, there is a different kind 
of price line, which is as mandated by TRAI the -- our regulator. In terms of 
payment terms and collections, yes, the collection period is a little higher, and 
compared to our other customers. But as you see overall, our collections are 
pretty good. Our collection days are quite great. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And there -- on the other platform on the platform business. Based on the 
number that we have disclosed this quarter, we are at 90%, 95% kind of gross 
margin levels. So, do you see that these kind of margin levels to sustain, 
because these are very high numbers. So, can it come down to 80%, 85%? Or 
is there any investment that you're planning there? Or what is driving this kind 

 
Page 14 of 18 
of higher -- high gross margins there. We are not seeing any business or 
platform business globally also operating at this such high gross margins. So, is 
there a risk of that coming down? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
It's a good question. Uday here, regarding the platforms are normally entered -- 
the agreements are entered for long-term. That's number one, right. Number 
two is platforms, our revenues are generated on the revenue share basis, 
wherein there is no cost of services in all here. So, in other words, like on the 
telcos generate the revenues for themselves. And we are now to generate the 
revenues, they partner with and share those revenues with us. So, from our 
revenue share, we don't need to book anything towards the cost of services. 
That's the number one, right. Number two from the rest -- from the net revenues, 
we ended deducting only the cloud charges, which are around 5% to 7%, 
depending on the platform, right. So, it all depends how we want to book your 
gross margin, right. But as you speak, we’re deducting only the cloud charges. 
But if you end up taking out the direct costs which is like your sales and 
marketing costs or the L1 and L2 our team cost, we may probably end up around 
70%, 75%, or probably around 70%, which is in line with the SaaS players 
globally. So, SaaS players, they normally have around 70% gross margin 
globally. That's a clear phenomenon. And I don't see any challenge with our 
margins when it comes to platform business. They're all long-term contracts with 
mobile carriers. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay sir. Thanks, and all the best for the future. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you, sir. To ask a question, participant should press star one. We have 
next question from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique Stock Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Yes, I missed the earlier part of 10, 15 minutes. Just wanted to know what is 
happening on the Dubai side, where we are supposed to tie up with the two 
telcos, any update on that? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Dubai, can you repeat? 
Tejas Shah: 
On the Dubai side, you tie up with two telcos and start rolling your services. Any 
update on that? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
That's a good question, like, so we have the DLT platform, which is a Blockchain 
platform is under the deployment with both the mobile carriers in Middle East for 
more than a year, since it is a Blockchain platform, it is a long-drawn process. 
The same thing happened even India also, it took almost one and a half year 
before we went live. And so, we have delivered the deployment from our side 
and the both telcos are in talks with their regulators TRAI to get the sign off 
before they launch their services. In fact, some of the services on the -- on our 
platforms have already gone live. But for them to sign up all the use cases, I 
think it is taking much longer than what they expected. So, we hope to close the 
final sign out in the next -- probably in the next quarter or so. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
Tejas Shah: 
I think by next quarter it should be live. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, yes. 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay. And any growth plans apart from this? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Sorry, come again. 
Tejas Shah: 
Once your services are deployed, normally it is very difficult for any other 
competition to come and take over that business. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Absolutely, like we said, this Blockchain platform is under development, under 
deployment for more than one year. And yes, it is not probably, I don't want to 
use the word impossible, but, like let's say if it's nearly impossible to replace 
these platforms that's number one. But mind you like these platforms, which are 
being on deployment with more mobile carriers in Middle East, they are not in 
revenue share basis, they are on the license basis. So, but 100% of the traffic 
in Middle East will go through this platform. And when it comes to expansion 
plan, we’re waiting for I mean, one of the largest consulting firms in the world is 
advising on Wisely GTM. We're expecting couple of use cases, successful use 
cases from India on Wisely platform. And once we have the GTM and successful 
use cases in India, we would like to take Wisely to the global market. 
Tejas Shah: 
One last question, how do we differentiate with Route Mobile in terms of the 
businesses? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, I don't want to really comment on our competitors. So, I would like to leave 
it there. 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay. Not a problem. Thanks a lot, yes. 
Operator: 
Thank you, sir. We have next question from the line of Deepak Chokhani 
Deepak Chhugani: 
Good afternoon, Uday and Tanla team. Excellent numbers really explained. 
Quick question more on EBITDA margins. Gradually, the intention is to move to 
Wisely platform. And my question is, would we see a better margin once we 
move to or once our clients move to Wisely? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak, like as mentioned in my earlier speech, our margins tend to be very, 
very high on platform and Wisely being the platform and our margin profile is 
quite supposed to be better off going forward. Yes, to answer your question, 
yes, whenever we see the revenues increasing on our platforms, our margins 
would be better off, yes. 
Deepak Chhugani: 
Okay, thank you. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you, Deepak. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Thanks, Deepak. 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sharad Kohli, an Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sharad Kohli:  
Hi, Uday and team. Firstly, I'd like to start off by saying that the disclosures that 
were made this quarter were phenomenal. And the kind of free cash flow 

 
Page 16 of 18 
generation that was shown this quarter is symbolic of our market leader that is 
growing significantly above the industry and taking share from other market 
players. So, congrats on that. The two questions that I have are both on 
financials. The first one is on the gross margin. So, if I look at your gross margin 
profile over the last six quarters, it's gone from 23.1% in the first quarter of '21 
and it peaked last quarter at 27.7%. This quarter, it's slightly down at 27.4%. My 
question specifically is given that we did have basically that ILD rate doubled 
right, and ILD is maybe I think it's about 30% of your business in terms of 
revenue contribution. So there has to be some place where price gave away, 
right because if you have 30% of a business that doubled in pricing, and yet your 
gross margins went down, albeit not by a lot by 30 basis points, there have been 
price compression somewhere, right. So that's my first question, if you can just 
shed light on that. And maybe just a quarterly thing or one-time thing, but if you 
can just shed some light on that. And my second question had to do just 
understanding what other financial liabilities on the balance sheet is because 
that took up almost INR 126 crores of cash flow. So I just want to understand 
what is in that line item on the balance sheet? Thank you. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Sure. So let me answer the first question Sharad. See I think what people don't 
realize is that it's not a price increase in ILD to start off with, it's a cost increase 
on ILD, right. The telcos have increased the price. The reality is, we've been 
able to go and get price increase from our clients, right. In fact, it gives 
tremendous tribute to our business model, that we have that elasticity, in terms 
of our relationship with customers that even if telco costs go up, our ability to 
kind of maintain our profitability and maintain the pricing is a very, very big thing, 
right. So, it's not that price has doubled from customer while cost remaining 
same, if anything we've been able to maintain our margin percentage by going 
back to our customers, renegotiating the rate and defending it. So, to think 
through a price increase as a big increase may not be right way of looking at it, 
saying that it should reflect in profitability. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Okay. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, could you repeat your second question? 
Sharad Kohli: 
Yes, there's a line item on the balance sheet. So, we're looking at cash flow 
statement, right. INR 126 odd crores was because of an increase in financial 
and non-financial assets. And if I just go to the corresponding entry on the 
balance sheet, it’s basically under the category other financial assets, which was 
INR 335 crores as opposed to INR 256 cores, the corresponding March 31 
number. So, what is in that line item, other financial assets, because that gone 
significantly. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Anything unbilled revenues. So, what happened Sharad is that like in the entire 
telco industry, the billing for this quarter happens at the -- in the subsequent 
month after the reconciliation. Now when we have growth like we had growth, 
obviously, our closing revenues are higher, and therefore the unbilled is a high 
number, which tends to increase. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Okay. So let me just repeat that. So, you've already… 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
You're talking about liabilities or assets. Let me just clarify that. Are you talking 
about liabilities or assets? 

 
Page 17 of 18 
Sharad Kohli: 
I'm talking about assets, actual assets. So basically, you're saying the service 
was provided, let's say in the last 10 to 15 days, let's say quarter ends March 
31. You provided a service, let's say between March 15 to March 30. That 
service has been provided, but you haven't sent the billing for whatever reason 
because telcos don't want to show on their side that it's an unpaid? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
It's not about telcos. So, we bill at the end of the month, so if I deliver work for a 
customer from 1st March to 31st March, invoicing will get raised sometime in 
April. And therefore, from a financial perspective, the revenue is recognized 
through and unbilled. Typically, by about this time, right we would have billed 
more than 90%, 95% of whatever remains that unbilled in the books. So, it's 
more of a substitution of debtors just from an accounting perspective. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Got it. So this is purely bulk of this is saying that and answers it's fair to 
understand just like receivables as the business accelerates, that could be -- I 
should expect this other financial number because of the way the billing cycle 
works, that this number should technically continue growing and hence should 
be depending on when we see it, when the results are reported, there should be 
a drag on cash flows from this, but this is purely an unbilled item as opposed to 
anything else. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, yes. But typically, you would also find that there will be an increase in non-
financial liabilities, which is the telco costs, which is also not big. So theoretically, 
it could affect the cash flow solely to the extent of the margin. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Right, fair enough, that's a good enough explanation for me. One question I do 
have for Deepak, right. And maybe this is just me being stupid and not knowing 
the industry well enough. But if you look at the -- if I look at the customer 
distribution, right. So, we had kind of nine customers move from the INR 10 crore 
to INR 50 crore bracket to above the INR 50 crore bracket, right. That's how you 
add the extension. And so that means that nine customers moved from the INR 
10 crore bracket to the INR 10 crore to INR 50 crore bracket. And that number 
has stayed flat. And to me, what is striking was that the growth in that bracket of 
customers is only 5% now. I don't know 5% which is 14% wallet share growth in 
the high-end segment is good or bad thing. I don't know if you guys have any 
perspective on that. I would think that that 5% maybe, I shouldn't think anything, 
but is 5% a good number for that INR 10 crore to INR 50 crore bracket versus 
when it's showing 14% growth in the higher numbers. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes. So, Sharad, I will explain. So, once you look at on the consolidated basis, 
so it's 46%. And here we are talking about customers who are giving us the 
revenues more than INR 1 crore. So, we are only considering them, right. So, it 
is 46%. Now, if you look at above INR 50 crores bucket, the growth is 73% 
because from 10, but the customer become 19. So, we moved lot of customers 
from INR 10 crore to INR 50 crore bucket to above INR 50 crore bucket. Correct 
and when we talk about anything, if you look at the number of customers in 
another slide, it remains flat in the INR 10 crore to INR 50 crore. That means 
what does it mean is that from this bracket, we move nine customers to above 
INR 50 crores and we also moved nine from less than INR 10 crores to this 
bucket. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Correct. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
Deepak Goyal: 
Right. So, it is actually if you really see it's a good news overall. I mean, there 
are certain number of customers moved from INR 10 crores to INR 50 crores to 
above INR 50 crores. And a similar number of customers moved from INR 10 
crore bucket to INR 10 crore to INR 50 crore bucket. So, this is how it is. But if 
you look at in the -- on the consolidated basis, we have our overall 46% growth 
and one more thing. 
Sharad Kohli: 
That I understood. I was just saying that there's a slide where you also said that 
the revenue growth of each of those brackets, the revenue growth for the 
customers that belong in that INR 10 crore to INR 50 crore bracket was 5%, 
right. But the revenue growth for the customer. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Sharad, let me answer that. See what happens in each of these brackets. And 
that's important to kind of understand why it's important to look at the total 
segment is, my best highest contributing customers kind of move out to the 
higher bucket. And effectively that gets replaced by the lowest contributing 
person, right. So, it's more a math issue. So, a customer it is INR 45 crore goes 
out and customer whose INR 11 crores comes in, right. So, if you 
disproportionately push our customer well, you do get a situation where the 
middle bucket kind of tends to be a little slower in absolute revenue growth. But 
from our perspective, I think what is important is the overall segmentation is 
looking good. The fact that we’re able to replace those customers and scale 
those customers and add customers in all buckets is important. But the middle 
bucket does get a little bit of impact because you end up substituting from a 
numbers of perspective customers that are closer to INR 40 crores, INR 50 
crores by customers who are in the INR 10 crore to INR 20 crore, because you 
can't make an entry directly at that level. So therefore, the revenue growth 
optically tends to be weaker. So, the way we look at it is whether the ship goes, 
right. So, if you look at an average size of customer that has gone up. So that's 
the way I would suggest you read that slide. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta from Tanla Platforms Limited for closing 
comments. Over to you, Ms. Mehta. 
Ritu Mehta: 
Thank you, everyone. That was the last question for today. In case, we couldn't 
take your questions due to time constraints, please feel free to reach out to 
Investor Relations team. Have a good day. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tanla Platforms Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining with us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
