A
CONTINUING
STABILITY
Corporate Relations Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 506194
Class of Security: Equity
ARIHANT
SUPERSTRUCTURES
LTD.
CONTINUING
STA BILITY
28h October, 2021
Listing Compliance Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP
Series: EQ
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on 224 October, 2021:
Sir /Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our letter dated 14h October, 2021 intimating
you about the Conference Call with the Investors held on Friday, 224 October, 2021 at
04.00 P.M. (IST), please find attached Transcript of aforesaid Conference Call.
Kindly take the same in your records and inform the Stakeholders accordingly.
Thanking You
Yours Faithfully
For Arihant Superstructures Limited
Govin
Rao
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Enclosed: a/a
L51900MH1983PLC029643
ArihantAura, B-Wing, 25" Floor, Plot No 13/l
pl.: 022 6249 3333/ Website : www.asl.net.in
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road,
'
022 6249 3344
Email
:
info@asl.net.in
Turbhe, Novi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400705
I

 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
“Arihant Superstructures Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earning Conference Call” 
 
October 22, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHHAJER – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK SHUKLA – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER - 
ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK LOHIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
ARIHANT SUPERSTRUCTURES LIMITED 

 
 
 
  Arihant Superstructures Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 Results Conference Call of 
Arihant Superstructures Limited, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal for an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from 
Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Rahul Jain: 
Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them for this 
opportunity. We have with us today Mr. Ashok Chhajer – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. 
Abhishek Shukla – Chief Strategy Officer and Mr. Deepak Lohia – Chief Financial Officer. I 
would now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you 
gentlemen! 
Abhishek Shukla: 
Thank you Mr. Rahul. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining Arihant 
Superstructures conference call to discuss Q2 FY2022 results. First, I will go through key 
operational highlights for Q2 FY2022 followed by the financial highlights of the quarter before 
handing over to our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ashok Chhajer. 
 
Arihant Superstructure is consistently working towards building sales and engineering 
infrastructure which has once again led to a strong performance reflected in our Q2 FY2022 
figures. 
 
During the quarter we launched affordable housing project Amisha Phase 2 at Taloja, Navi 
Mumbai after launching Arihant Advika at Vashi and Arihant 5 Anaika at Taloja in Q1. Overall 
134 units were launched out of which we were able to do sales bookings of around 40%. 
 
Coming to overall sales booking achieved in Q2 FY2022 we have sold about 508 units which 
aggregates to 4 lakh square feet of salable area and 208 Crores in value terms. This includes 
some Q1 sales bookings which have been reclassified to Q2. This takes the H1 FY2022 sales 
bookings to a total of 751 units translating into area of 6.25 lakh square feet with a total value of 
334.8 Crores.  
 
The total collection stood at 110.2 Crores as compared to 93.9 Crores in Q1 FY2022 up by 
17.3%. Strong end-user demand and low interest rates also have the key factors driving growth 
with majority of our projects located in Outer MMR and Navi Mumbai and remote working 
practices this market offer low density environments and more spacious apartments at affordable 
rate which we believe has been positive for us. 
 
Now I will brief you on the financial highlights. The total revenue stood at 88.15 Crores in this 
quarter against 64.23 Crores in Q2 FY2021 that is a year-on-year growth of 37%. The total 
revenue of Q1 FY2022 stood at 84.64 Crores. EBITDA in Q2 stands at 20.18 Crores as 

 
 
 
  Arihant Superstructures Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 7 
compared to 13.14 Crores in Q2 FY2021 with a growth of 53.5% year-on-year and 15.4 Crores 
in Q1 FY2022 which is a growth of 31% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
EBITDA margins increased to 22.89% in Q2 FY2022 as compared to 20.4% in Q2 FY2021. The 
profit after tax figures stand at 11.63 Crores in Q2 FY2022 as compared to 4.15 Crores in Q2 
FY2021, a growth of 180% year-on-year and about 8.2 Crores in Q1 FY2022, which is a growth 
of 40% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
PAT margins increased to 13.2% in Q2 FY2022 as compared to 6.44% in Q2 FY2021. For half 
year ended September 30, 2021 the total Revenue, EBITDA and PAT stand at Rs.172.8 Crores, 
36.6 Crores, and 19.9 Crores respectively. 
 
Revenue and EBITDA has grown by 131.7% and 145.4% respectively. We remain confident of 
continuing about our business and real estate sector while extending full support to our 
customers, suppliers and other valued stakeholders. 
 
Now I will hand over the forum to Mr. Ashok Chhajer – Chairman and Managing Director, 
Arihant Superstructures. Thank you. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Good evening, everybody. Welcome to the conference call. The half year of this financial year 
was firstly viewed by majorly during the start that the ESOPs by the Central Government and the 
State Government is stopped and the pent-up demand is already met up its needs and the sector 
may not see the same side of numbers of sales, what it saw in Q2, Q3, Q4 of last financial year, 
and to this surprise is that what has been found across the leading players and the listed 
developers and in the major metro cities. 
 
The sales have been growing more at an faster phase than in the period of COVID, even if the 
stamp duty relaxation was not there, even if development charges were reduced to some extent 
only and in spite of that the traction showed after COVID that the larger size of home buying and 
majority people of taking up in call to buy a home across has resulted into numbers which are 
unimaginable and after a long, long period of five to six years the real estate is into its spring 
mode and that has been applauded loudly by the investor, the industry gurus and everybody. 
 
When we come to Arihant Superstructures Limited, yes in tune with the market side from Q2, 
Q3, Q4 of the last financial year and Q1, Q2 of this financial year as we see that the sales have 
been progressing consistently on an upward direction and the method of revenue recognition 
which Arihant Superstructure has been adopting which is percentage completion method on the 
project completed and the revenue in this mode of where the collections are continuous it shows 
and will always be very progressive and resulting into a great consistency in terms of business 
profits and we see that we would be in tune with the trends of the market and internally we are 
also gearing up for the same mood of growth chart. 
 
I open up the forum for Q&A and everybody is welcome. Over to the concall managers. 

 
 
 
  Arihant Superstructures Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask question may press “*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the Question Q, you may press “*” and “0”. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking questions. Mr. Rahul Jain would you like to ask any 
questions in meanwhile the queue assembles. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir thank you for getting us hosted. I think what people would be and all the participants would 
be interested in knowing your growth trajectory in terms of sales and any guidance on that front 
for FY2022 or FY2023? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The sector looks to be very progressive and the scalability looks to be very achievable by the 
sector and we are also in tune with the same momentum and we have shown up that consistency 
since last five quarters and what it hopes for that the next three years would be three to four, five 
years of cycle is a real estate sector upward trend cycle wherein there is a great participation by 
the developers. We could visualize it in the BD Department also where land deals have been little 
costly or little space tight and that hence the trend of sellers of the land that there is a great 
momentum in the markets of real estate. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you Sir. One more from my side, you have recently acquired a 6.5 acre land in Kalyan. 
What is the total saleable potential and how do you plan on positioning that particular product? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Its potential is around 8 lakh square feet. So that is 0.8 million and Kalyan is a developed market 
and the periphery is showing up in good traction and when it comes to affordable housing which 
is sub 75 lakhs, I think we would be able to do good, though we identify it as Kalyan market but 
in terms of revenue records it happens to be what we call as new districts that is villages around 
Kalyan. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Chirag Jain an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Jain: 
Good evening, Sir. Sir I just wanted an update with regards to your presentation. It mentions that 
you would be doing about 11 million square feet of project. So what is the timeline of the sector 
roadmap regarding the future and the deliverables? In how many years, how much you would be 
delivering it? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
This 11 million is scheduled to be completed in around six years of time wherein the first four 
years would take up the completion to an extent of 75%, 80% so you will find a bell chart in 
terms of completion of project when spread across for the six years. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir, are you predominantly into purchasing of land and then delivering projects. You are not into 
the JD, JV model right? 

 
 
 
  Arihant Superstructures Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 7 
Ashok Chhajer: 
No, not very much largely. We have our internal policies where in affordable housing, we do not 
do a joint venture development very largely as it is not profitable to the company and in 
affordable housing we target out the land component to the sale price to the extent of 10% to 
15% of the sale only and in that note it is not advisable to give 30% to the landowner and which 
makes the project not viable and that is why we generally buy lands when it is affordable housing 
or sub 75 lakhs. When it comes to the above around 2 lakhs that is the upper middle group or 
HIG housing, we already do joint ventures like we have entered into redevelopment as well as 
one project in Kharghar where the ticket sizes are large and where it can accommodate this 
proposition. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir, you have more of currently purchasing land and delivering it, in that note what I have seen is 
generally the margins are better but in your case if I see the margins are not in case of other 
developers who are doing in the JD, JV mode, they have a better margins with EBITDA, because 
you are having your own land so I think so the margin should be better in your case. So, if you 
could elaborate on the same? Both at the EBITDA level as well as at the PAT level. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes, so at PAT level because the interest is already being served to the funds of the companies 
and hence after deducting the funds it looks up into that the margins are reasonable or is into it. 
But if we see our PAT margins it has already increased to 13.20% in Q2 FY2022 as compared to 
6.44% in Q2 FY2021 last year. So given the cash flows and the momentum of the construction 
taking place, the overheads will get reduced, the interest components will get reduced and 
margins will increase to an upper level than the current one. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir, the thing that I just read in the annual reports and that you mentioned, your borrowing cost 
was somewhere about 11%. So currently has it come down or it is at the same level? So have we 
done a rating in order to improve our margin so that we can have better borrowing cost in future? 
So if the related credit rating done? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
We already have done up and credit rating on debt and it is done by India Ratings where they 
have rated us BBB– minus and stable. 
Chirag Jain: 
What is the current borrowing cost as on date? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Around 12% per annum. Whereas the larger one in terms of construction finance from HDFC is 
at 10.7% also. 
Chirag Jain: 
So blended would be about 12%. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Blended would be little near about 12%. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir just a final question on the current land bank. What would be the current land bank with the 
company with regards to future developments? Now you mentioned that you have about 11 
million square feet so on this 11 million I think so the land bank is already in place. So in future 
have we purchased or have we advanced something for land purchase? 

 
 
 
  Arihant Superstructures Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Ashok Chhajer: 
There are few increases of around 20 acres of land in the books of the company and further new 
acquisitions would take place on a consistent basis in the coming years. So with the given cash 
flows, the company will try to acquire new projects to the best extent as possible. 
Chirag Jain: 
Would you be basically based out of in the Outer MMR region only predominantly? Just the 
Kharghar, Vashi and beyond, might be outskirts of Bombay. Are we not entering into Bombay or 
any other region which is identified and which you want to enter into apart from Mumbai and 
Jodhpur? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Our main target is to be in the ticket size of 25 lakhs to 75 lakhs and this type of product can be 
delivered and made possible only in the MMR regions where we have our projects that is Karjat, 
Khopoli, Badlapur, Kalyan Shil Road, Taloja, Panvel in this belt only. In the premium regions 
belts of Vashi as well as Mumbai the ticket sizes are something around 2 Crores plus. So as a 
policy the larger chunk of the company’s portfolio happens to be and will be in affordable 
housing and hence we will have to restrict ourselves to these area of operations. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keval Ashar from DSP Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Keval Ashar: 
Congratulations Ashok Ji and team for good set of numbers. Sir wanted to know regarding the 
funding that we are coming up with. How will we utilize the fund? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
As and when it happens out, the objectives as designed and decided by the board will be 
achieved. 
Keval Ashar: 
Sir by when do we plan to close the funding? Have we come up with a certain time period? 
Ashok Chhajer: 
No, we have not come up with any time period. In the due course of time as the moment the 
board receives a proposal, we will be sharing out to the shareholders and exchanges and we have 
already initiated the fresh approval with the shareholders in these aspects. 
Keval Ashar: 
Thank you so much and all the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Thanks for taking my question. My question is relating to the amount of cost inflation that you 
have been experiencing and the price hike that you might have taken. So if you can just help me 
understand versus the 2019 levels what have been the kind of cost inflation given that the major 
raw materials be it steel, cement all of them have been on up rise and are continuing and would 
have been the kind of average price hike that you might have been taking across your project? 

 
 
 
  Arihant Superstructures Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The cost of construction has increased to an extent. 10% blended cost has been increased to the 
earlier era of 2019-2020. Post COVID the cost of materials have increased very drastically 
though the labor cost has not increased and that effectively means cost hit of around 5% to the 
sale price of the product range between the bandwidth of Rs.4000 and to Rs.8000 a square feet 
and we have incorporated that by way of increasing our pricing or reducing our discounts and 
hence we have ensured and secured that there is no contingent losses or operational losses due to 
this negligence. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
So would it be fair to state that you might have already taken a price hike in the range of 4% to 
6% if not more. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Right. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Members of management, there are no questions in queue. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
Thank you very much everyone for joining the Q2 earnings call. I hand over to Mr. Rahul. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you Sir. Thanks for your time. It was a pleasure hosting you and will follow us with any 
individual requests if any. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, 
that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
