® 
SHALBY 
MULTI-SPECIALTY 
-
HOSPITALS-
November 2, 2021 
Shalby/SE/2021-22/74 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Scrip Code : SHALBY 
Through : https://www.connect2nse.com/LISTING/ 
Corporate Service Department 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 540797 
Through : http://listing.bseindia.com 
Sub.: 
Transcript of Earning Conference Call held on October 28, 2021 for Q2 FY 2021-22 
Unaudited Financial Results 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 
2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
With reference to earlier intimation vide our letter no. Shalby/SE/2021-22/67 dated October 26, 
2021 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript of earning conference call held on 
October 28, 2021 wherein Unaudited Financial Results for Q2 and FY2021-22 were discussed. 
The said transcript is also available in the Investors Section of our website. 
We request to take the same on your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
F 
alby Limited 
Tus ar Shah 
AVP & Company Secretary 
Mem. No: FCS-7216 
Encl.: Conference call Transcript 
Shalby Limited 
Regd. Off.: Opp. Karnavati Club, S G Road, Ahmedabad - 380015 (India) 
Tel. No.: (079) 40203000 I Fax: (079) 40203109 I www.shalby.org I info@shalby.org 
Regd. No.: 061000596 
I CIN: L85110GJ2004PLC044667 
Vapi - Indore - Jabalpur - Mohali - Naroda (Ahmedabad) l<rishna Shalby (Ahmedabad) Surat - Jaipur 
co:-ning Hospitals : t·-ushil< - M1..,T1bai 

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Shalby Limited Q2 FY2022 Earnings  
Conference Call” 
 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ABDULKADER PURANWALA – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. VIKRAM SHAH – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR – SHALBY 
LIMITED 
MR. SUSHOBHAN DASGUPTA - VICE CHAIRMAN & GLOBAL PRESIDENT – 
SHALBY LIMITED 
MR. SHANAY SHAH – PRESIDENT – SHALBY LIMITED 
MR. PRAHLAD INANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SHALBY LIMITED 
DR. NISHITA SHUKLA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – SHALBY 
LIMITED 
MR. BABU THOMAS – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER – SHALBY 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities 
Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara Securities Private Limited. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Thank you Lizzan. Good afternoon everyone and 
we welcome all the participants to the Shalby Limited Q2 FY2022 
earnings call hosted by Elara Securities. Today, we have with us the 
senior management representatives from Shalby. We will start with 
the opening remarks from Mr. Sushobhan Dasgupta, Vice Chairman 
& Global President and Mr. Shanay Shah, President followed by 
discussion on the financial performance by Mr. Prahlad Inani, Chief 
Financial Officer. After that we will open the floor for Q&A to all 
participants. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Puneet Maheshwari 
from Shalby for important disclaimers regarding any forward 
looking statements that will made in today’s call. Over to you 
Puneet. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Good 
afternoon 
everyone. 
Our 
earnings 
presentation is uploaded on the stock exchange website and our 
company website shalby.org. We do hope you have already had the 
opportunity to go through the presentation. Please note that some of 
these statements made in todays call maybe forward looking in 
nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 23 
number 24 of the investor presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Sushobhan Dasgupta, 
Vice Chairman & Global President for his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you Sir. 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Thank you Puneet. Good afternoon everyone and 
welcome to Shalby’s Q2 full year FY2022 earnings call. All of us at 
Shalby sincerely hope that you, your families and friends are staying 
safe and healthy. I believe most of you may have been able to review 
our quarterly results presentation by now and can see that our Q2 full 
year 
FY2022 
results 
clearly 
demonstrate 
Shalby’s 
strong 
performance across all business areas. During the quarter we saw a 
declining number of COVID cases across our hospitals mainly as a 
result of a higher number of vaccinations, which is a good sign for 
everyone across India. With only 14 of COVID patient admissions 
we can say that this quarter was affectively a non COVID-19 quarter 
for us at Shalby. Overall, our Shalby delivered a robust financial 
performance underpinned by growth in core specialties and 
increasing surgery counts. The non COVID inpatient count including 
daycare patients increased to plus 15,500 reaching our pre COVID 
levels, which is indeed great news. In this quarter, our non COVID 
revenues registered a growth of 130% on a year to year basis and if 
we compare it to our Q2 of full year FY2020, which is a good like to 
like comparison since that quarter and full year FY2020 was also a 
non COVID quarter, our growth stands at a very healthy 26%. This 
underline performance was driven by Shalby sustained efforts over 
the years to further strengthen its core hospital platform, healthcare 
services and build on its trusted brand awareness. Before we go 
further into the details of the quarterly results, I am keen to take this 
opportunity to reinforce a couple of aspects of the Shalby business 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 23 
strategy and growth story looking forward. Our core growth strategy 
comprises of further strengthening the existing hospital business, roll 
out the franchise model across India and turn around our orthopedic 
implant business we recently acquired in the US. All these three 
businesses are fully synergistic with our core specialty of 
arthroplasty and poised to deliver accelerated high growth in the 
coming years. 
 
Let me first cover our hospital business. In the last few years, we 
have built a strong infrastructure of hospital with bed capacity of 
around 2000 beds out of which 1200 beds are operational and the 
remaining 40% of total bed capacity is still available to support our 
organic growth trajectory and with limited additional capex. The 
upcoming Nasik and Santacruz Mumbai hospitals are on track within 
development budgets and will provide future access to important 
markets in Maharashtra. Shalby has diversified from its core 
specialty of arthroplasty and orthopedics with oncology now 
contributing 8%, cardiac sciences another 8% and neurology 
contributing 5% to the Q2 full year 2022 revenues. We are also 
leading various innovative digital and market awareness programs 
which continue to reinforce the Shalby brand nationwide and thereby 
further increase our occupancy. The franchise model will also 
rapidly create additional brand awareness about the Shalby group, 
which in turn would drive patient visits at our core hospitals. 
 
Now a quick update on our franchise model, our franchise model is 
unique, innovative and first of its kind with a focus on inpatients and 
has already started to deliver immediate traction and results. It is an 
asset like model leveraging Shalby’s expertise and branding across 
arthroplasty and orthopedics allowing for faster market penetration 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 23 
across India without significant additional cash flow investment. As 
highlighted in our last call, we mentioned that we are in the process 
of finalizing two franchise hospitals and I am now delighted to 
report that in September we launched our very first franchise owned 
and franchise operated hospital at Udaipur in Rajasthan and the 
initial performance is very encouraging. Our next franchise hospital 
will open in Rajkot by the end of this fiscal year. We are committed 
to establish over 50 Shalby franchises across India within the next 
three years. 
 
Finally, an update on our orthopedic implant business in the United 
States. Our acquisition of the consensus, very high quality implants 
manufacturing facility in the United States of America in May of this 
year was at an attractive valuation. The acquisition is fully in line 
with the status strategy to grow the orthopedic business. We 
appointed Daniel Hayes, the original founder of Consensus as the 
CEO and during the quarter we have onboarded other senior 
executives to drive this business forward. Our immediate priority is 
to reestablish market presence and revenue base in the core markets 
of the US, Japan and parts of Latin America. This will be closely 
followed by entering the high growth markets of Asia particularly 
India, Indonesia, Vietnam, Philippines and Bangladesh. Shalby is the 
leader in joint replacement market consumes 10,000 plus implants in 
a year and this transaction enables Shalby to also procure quality 
implants from Consensus at a competitive price for its own 
consumption in India. Furthermore, the demand for implant from 
upcoming hospitals under the franchise model can be met by 
Consensus. So to summarize, we see great potential in all the three 
segments with business being fully synergistic. Together we create a 
unique healthcare platform enabling Shalby to deliver high quality 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 23 
and affordable healthcare services and products at an accelerated 
pace. Now I will hand over the call to Shanay to discuss our 
company’s performance during the quarter. 
Shanay Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining in. 
In Q2 of FY2022, the healthcare sector showed signs of 
normalization with declining number of COVID-19 cases in India. 
As a result, we saw a strong rebound in elective surgery. The total 
surgery count increased to 6190 as compared to 2536 in Q2 FY2021 
and exceeded the pre COVID period average count of 5000 surgeries 
per quarter. In line, our performance increased significantly to 
Rs.33977 as compared to Rs.24837 in Q2 of FY2021. Overall 
Shalby’s performance during the quarter was underpinned by growth 
in core specialties such as arthroplasty, orthopedics, oncology and 
cardiac sciences, which contributed 37%, 11%, 8% and 8% to the 
revenues respectively. We have been consistently delivering one of 
the highest EBITDA margins in the industry and furthermore, I am 
proud to report that Shalby has delivered a double digit ROC of 
13.1% on first half of FY2022 on an annualized basis. In our 
constant endeavor to further strengthen and diversify our core 
offerings, we have undertaken various innovative initiatives. During 
the quarter, Shalby has launched a state of the art digital spine 
operation room at SG Shalby Hospital. It is equipped with cutting 
edge digital technology supported by an equally efficient and 
experienced in-house surgical team. We also aim to diversify our 
service offerings therefore we have launched a kidney transplant 
centre at Mohali and Indore. Our cardiac specialty is also getting 
wide recognition and the Indore unit performed the highest number 
of minimally invasive heart surgeries in Central India. We have also 
introduced four new cardiac care technologies as Shalby Indore 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 23 
through Shalby Institute of Cardiac Sciences. As Mr. Dasgupta 
mentioned earlier, we have launched our first orthopedic franchise 
owned franchise operated that is FOFO as we call it in the country at 
Udaipur. It will be offering OPD as well as IPD services to the 
patients in the state. We took our time in order to launch the first 
franchise hospital and with all the learnings across systems and 
processes, we plan to establish 50 franchise hospital in the next three 
years. During the quarter we have also launched Shalby Institute of 
Rehabilitation Sciences at Shalby Krishna Hospital in Ahmedabad. 
The rehabilitation centre was conceived and now managed by an 
experienced medical specialist team. Our motto is freedom from 
disability and it is a unique and arguably the only rehab centre 
providing 24 x 7 in-house medical and emergency services by 
specialist doctors for people from children to the elderly. Shalby 
remains fully committed to building a long term sustainable high 
growth business and I can confidently say that we are very well 
positioned to deliver stakeholder value in the coming years. Now I 
will hand over the call to Mr. Prahlad Inani to present company’s 
financial performance. 
Prahlad Inani: 
Thank you Shanay. Good afternoon everyone. I will walk you 
through the financial performance of the company for the Q2. As 
you all know that the first quarter was majorly driven by the second 
wave of the COVID pandemic however in the Q2 we saw a strong 
resilience in non COVID patient count. As Shanay mentioned 
already that the surgery count was 6190, which exceeded the pre 
COVID period average count of 5000 surgeries per quarter, which is 
showing our growth in our core business. On a standalone basis, the 
company registered total revenue of Rs.1770 million in Q2 FY2022 
compared to Rs.1180 million in the same quarter last year. Total 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 23 
revenue grew by 53.5% on a year on year basis. Our top line was 
primarily driven by increased non COVID-19 patients and strong 
rebound in surgery count. As Shanay earlier mentioned, COVID-19 
patients were only 14 as to 2463 in the same period last year. 
EBITDA for the quarter in Rs.345 million compared to Rs.314 
million Q2 FY2021. EBITDA margin were 20.1% as compared to 
28% in Q2 FY2022. The margin percentage is lower on year on year 
basis due to still margin in vaccination and change in patient mix 
from medicine to surgical and increase in business promotion, repair 
and maintenance expenditure. Reported net profit was Rs.167 
million for the quarter compared to Rs.242 million in the same 
quarter last year. I would also reiterate the fact that Shalby is under 
MAT regimen which kept its expenses around 18% and if we 
consider that our adjusted net profit was Rs.201 million in Q2 
FY2022 as compared to Rs.199 million in the same quarter last year. 
Reported PAT is lower due to additional tax expenses as per the 
accounting treatment that is the deferred taxation. From a balance 
sheet perspective Shalby continues to maintain net cash position 
with Rs.1036 million at the end of September 2021. We have also 
released consolidated financial statement for the quarter and reported 
revenues of Rs.1844 million as compared to Rs.1180 million in Q2 
of FY2021 a growth of 56% on year on year basis. You will notice 
that operating EBITDA margins were slightly lower which is 
primarily due to Shalby advanced technologies expenses, which 
began operations from May 14, 2021 and this was the first complete 
quarter. EBITDA for the said business has reduced from Rs.38 
million in the last quarter of operations, which was 45 days to 
Rs.15.4 million in the first full quarter for the year on account of 
higher operational efficiencies. At the consolidated level, we 
continue to maintain net cash positive balance sheet and Shalby has 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 23 
registered double digit ROC of 13% in H1 FY2022 on an annualized 
basis. Thank you very much. We can now open for any question you 
may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the 
question and answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats. The first question is on the 
brand business Sir? Obviously you have indicated that the 100 day 
turnaround plan is working well you have progressed on that front of 
implementing or adding new people or able people for that business 
and expanding the businesses globally so if you can just a bit 
elaborate on that how should we see in terms of volume realization, 
pricing strategy in terms of value kind of a progression and also if 
any promotional spend which would be there currently and that will 
be impacting the existing surgery consolidated equipment so some 
sense on that would be helpful? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
I will take this question. Thank you Mr. Patra for 
the question. Let me first tell you that we are completely on track on 
the 100 day turnaround plan for implants so under the leadership of 
Daniel Hayes and I directly oversee that business as well and if you 
may know my background, I have been in Johnson & Johnson for 30 
years and I was the President of the Asia Pacific implants business or 
the joint replacement business for Johnson & Johnson and have lead 
the business on the medical division business for India as well so the 
reason I am saying this my experience in joint replacement and 
implant business is pretty significant. With that context when you 
look at the overall picture of the implant what happens is implant 
business has turned around due to four reasons and the four basic 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 23 
pillars. One is the products, one is the people, the third is the 
promotion aspect and the last one is a very, very important, which is 
the supply chain and service. When you look at the product first of 
all the products that Consensus has so we have implanted thousands 
of implants in the US and when you look at the thousands of 
implants in the US and we take a feedback and we look at the 
performance of those implants, it is a benchmark. It is one of the best 
in the industry so the hip and knee implants that we have are one of 
the best. What happens is we have once we took over we accelerated 
the launch of a new product. We are in this quarter which if 
everything goes right in November we will be able to launch a new 
product which is a unicompartmental knee, which is now you can 
imagine within the five months of taking over and acquiring the 
assets of a company, we will be able to launch a product so that is 
the way we are going fast so the hips and the knee as well as the new 
product that I talked about is one pillar. The second pillar is the 
people. We have Daniel Hayes who has 27 years of orthopedic 
experience, a fantastic engineer and a great commercial leader so he 
has established Consensus way back. He has moved out of the 
company. We have got him back as a CEO. We have a fantastic 
finance person. We have recruited an HR person. We have one of the 
best manufacturing person and we have been recruiting a lot of 
experienced people, people who want to come back who have left 
the organization, the machinists and the shop floor workers are 
coming back as a result. So that is the people aspect and then you 
talk about people one is the manufacturing side. We need to also 
understand the demands side. We have one of the best sales and 
marketing leaders who have joined us called Danny Merrell and he 
is looking after the entire sales and marketing area has an 
experienced of up close to almost 25 years working in big companies 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 23 
including Zimmer Biomet. Now the third part is the customers. 
When you look at the customers we have a very clear understanding. 
Let us look at the history. Over the last five years the company was 
not doing well. The reason is they were not being able to inject 
sufficient funding and because the funding was not there the supplies 
are the problem and if the supplies are not there what happens you 
have very unhappy customers in spite of you having very quality 
products you have unhappy customers. Our first job was to connect 
reconnect and re-engage with those customers, the loyal customers, 
and I am very happy to say that we have almost got 100% 
commitment from all the loyal customers who left Consensus 
because of supply issues. So our first priority when we start the 
manufacturing process is to ensure that we cover the loyal 
customers. In addition, we are not blind to new customers. We 
recently participated in a double AOS or the largest orthopedic 
conference in the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons 
meeting in San Diego. We have got interest of a lot of new 
customers who can come. We are holding them because we need to 
get into a full fledged manufacturing and that is what brings me to 
the last point that is the supply chain and manufacturing. I am very 
delighted to tell when we started versus what we are today we have 
increased 4x our capacity. Today we are running close to 50% 
capacity by getting people and getting raw materials. The turnaround 
time to get raw materials and getting into casting, forging, finishing 
and labeling of sterilization takes around 16 to 17 weeks for a certain 
category of product. We are there already. We have been able to get 
into a 50% capacity level. With this in mind, to your question, we 
are extremely confident that we will be able to reach around Rs.45 
crore to Rs.50 crore of business this financial year and next year we 
aim to double it so we will be crossing Rs.100 Crores. If you ask me 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 23 
from a dream standpoint, we are aspiring to make this Rs.1000 Crore 
Company within the five to six years of timeframe. So this is very 
exciting business. It is a long lined answer I gave you, but I think I 
have covered everything you wanted. 
Surya Patra: 
That was very useful Sir. Sir just I am extending it a bit? When you 
say that from Rs.100 Crores kind of business by FY2023 so what is 
the kind of utilization that you are factoring and as per your 
experience Sir such business what is the optimal kind of margin 
profile one should anticipate and in what time line? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
So basically what happens is first basically the 
margins depend upon on how you cater to your business. For 
example, the higher the volumes your cost of goods manufacturing 
comes down and that is what we are focusing on. Today right now 
we are trying to increase our capacity and as I said, we have 50% 
capacity. We are producing close to 2500 components in a month so 
if you multiple it by 12 you understand that we will be landing at 
30,000 components in a year and that will be able to take care of our 
business for the full year 2023, so to answer your quarter that is 
where we are attempting to. So if we can continuously maintain this, 
we will be able to cater to our next year goal of Rs.100 Crores for 
full year 2023. The second question to your point in terms of the 
margins so what happens if you look at the bigger margins, the 
bigger margins one it will reduce the cost of goods and secondly 
your expenses. Your biggest expense is your logistics and your 
procurement of raw materials. We are actively looking at how we 
could be able to reduce and bring in efficiency in the raw material as 
well as the logistics cost and along with that we are also looking at 
how we could be having a mix. If you look at the business, the 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 23 
business is a lot dependent on wholesalers and retailers. Let me 
explain to you what wholesaler means. Wholesaler means you sell 
the product directly to a distributor. The distributor buys the 
products from you and then they sell it at a certain price. Then when 
you view your wholesale business, your margins or your prices are 
much lower versus the retail business. When you do a retail business 
what happens is you actually give the product to them on a 
consignment basis that will help them to generate demand, but your 
margins are much superior. Just to give you an example. The price of 
a knee in the US is around $3400 okay. Now when you give it a 
retailer, the retailers sell it at $3400 to a hospital. The hospital pays 
you directly because you are invoicing and the hospital pays you 
directly $3400 and then you pass on a commission and the 
commission ranges between 20%, 25%, 30% as we negotiate so the 
margin that comes up comes directly back into your fold whereas in 
a wholesaler though you are selling the hospital to $3400 you sell the 
wholesaler at $1600, $1700 and the wholesaler keeps the margin so 
what we are doing today when we took over Consensus, our business 
between wholesaler to retailer was 90:10, 90 wholesale and 10 retail. 
Our one of that 100 day plan is to convert into a 50:50, 50% retail 
and 50% wholesale so you can imagine how much bandwidth we 
will be generating on both our top line and bottom line when we 
convert the ratio from 90:10 to 50:50. Does that answer your 
question? 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. Just last one question on this Sir. When it is also considered 
that Consensus is going to supply all of our requirement, internal 
requirement of over 10,000 odd implant annually so how quickly 
that can be paid for Shalby? 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Again what happens is when you look at this is a 
regulated product right. It is a class two and class three device as you 
know and currently our FDA approval is in the US and in Japan. 
These are the two countries. We are in the process of getting 
registration done in India and in other parts of South East Asia as I 
talked about. We are assimilating a lot of our documents and the 
document requirements are pretty stringent I can tell you and lot of 
documents are getting in there. We are almost there. We have 
collected 80% of the documents. We actually very recently had a 
California FDA visit done just two weeks back though the reports 
have not come in, but we have been verbally told that we have 
passed the audit in flying colors and that helps also in the registration 
process so these are fine. It will take around four to six months to 
register and we will be able to get the products in India and other 
parts of the world as we were talking so that will be taking care of 
this internal consumption. 
Surya Patra: 
Thank you. All the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vineet Gala from 
Monarch Networth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vineet Gala: 
Thanks for the opportunity. It is Vineet Gala. Sir in continuation of 
the previous participant my question on the implant business is we 
are guiding Rs.100 Crores topline for FY2023 but given that this 
particular unit already did around Rs.56 odd Crores in FY2021 
which was also impacted on account of COVID so does not your 
guidance seem to be a bit conservative? What is your sense on that? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
If you look at the situation of COVID full year 
2022 we will be around close to Rs.50 Crores right so when you are 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 23 
saying full year 2023 is Rs.100 Crores we are doubling the business 
so the doubling the business I think is very good in your second year 
of operations according to me that is number one. Secondly, I do not 
believe that the COVID had any impact in the US this year. If you 
look at the US market, it is growing at over 15%. The COVID 
impact has happened in India because of the second wave that has 
happened. I was travelling to the US. I was in the AAOS meeting. I 
can tell you it is as normal as anything in the US and the hospitals 
are having a lot of surgeries that are happening so COVID impact is 
not there. What has happened is in the first year, you can say that we 
will be at 10.5 months. In 10.5 months with May onwards, we 
started from May 15, 2021. We will be ending at Rs.45 Crores to 
Rs.50 Crores and in the second part of 2023 which is basically from 
April onwards we will ramp our production. We will get new 
customers because what we have calculated. When you look at the 
calculation and the math that we did is the Rs.50 Crores will 
generally come from loyal customers because we have to serve the 
loyal customers. They have been stopped for so many years. We 
have to get their confidence back so we are going to serve the loyal 
customers and the rest of the 50 will come from new customers and 
if you understand in orthopedic surgery, in joint replacement surgery 
it is very difficult to lose a customer and it is very difficult to gain a 
customer. It takes time. The reason being is the attractive portion and 
the tactile feedback that they have by using an implant it extremely 
high so that is very high so we believe that when we get those new 
customers, it will take a bit of time. It takes a bit of you wooing 
because you can understand there at least close to 50 or 60 good 
implant companies operating in the US. It will take time, but then 
what happens the first Rs.100 Crores that comes in that is the second 
and the third Rs.100 Crores will be coming very fast. That is the 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 23 
reason I was very confident when I said that the first Rs.100 Crores 
will come in full year 2023 but then I talked about the Rs.1000 
Crores in five to six years time. The reason is once we get to the 
benchmark of Rs.1000 Crores you get into the rhythm and that will 
help you to get into the Rs.1000 Crores. Does it answer your 
question Mr. Gala? 
Vineet Gala: 
Fair enough Sir. Our opex that is the post gross margins of around 
50% we are spending around $700,000 so the only clarification that I 
wanted is how much of it is, is there any kind of one off element on 
account of any up fronted regulatory expenditure on approvals or 
something of that sort or this is the sustainable base which has to be 
extrapolated for all the quarter’s end? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Right now there is nothing much on the regulatory 
front because we already have all the regulatory approvals in the US 
so the main bulk of the expenses that have come up is in raw 
materials because as you know there is a lot of raw materials to be 
purchased including metals, including poly, including sheets, and 
then we have to buy the castings and the forgings from outside 
before we finish it in our factory. We need to buy ceramic heads 
from a certain company which almost has a monopoly in the world 
so all these things are contributing to the bigger cost but what 
happens as I said. Once you get into volumes two to three things 
happen. When you get into higher volumes you have better 
negotiation power because then you can negotiate the cost. Secondly 
your variable cost also gets into it because you are manufacturing 
much more with the same number of people so your productivity 
also increases. That is the reason I am being very confident that over 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 23 
the next few months you will see a lot better in terms of efficiencies 
and cost coming into play. 
Vineet Gala: 
Fair enough Sir. Sir my next question is on the hospital side of the 
business so we have reported that the non COVID surgery count is 
around 6200 which is very impressive for this particular quarter so 
first is like what would be the proposition of arthroplasty surgery in 
this and secondly is give the nature of these surgeries they are 
largely elective in nature so post COVID has there been any bulking 
up of surgeries or 6200 as a base will continue over the next couple 
of quarters? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
I will start answering this question before I pass it 
to Shanay and Dr Shah because I have now started getting very 
involved in the hospital business and I have been sitting through all 
the meetings, through all the presentation, and meeting up with 
people virtually so I would like to answer this first and then pass it 
over to Shanay and with Dr Shah if you do not mind. From your 
question, 38% of the 6200 surgeries is from arthroplasty. 11% is 
from orthopedics and the rest is from the others including internal 
medicine around 13%, then cardiac sciences around 8%, oncology 
8% and then your neurosciences is around 5%. That is it to your first 
question around 38% is arthroplasty and if you take arthroplasty and 
orthopedics together that is 49%. Secondly to your second what you 
asked is yes there is a lot of bulking up because you need to 
understand also that there have been five quarters where the 
surgeries were not coming in except for the last quarter of the 
previous year where surgery rates improved dramatically because the 
first wave went away and people came back again and then the 
second wave came it. There has been a buildup. That buildup will 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 23 
help us to get into our more surgery floor in the quarters to come. 
That is my answer. May be Shanay and Dr Shah could add up. 
Shanay Shah: 
I think you covered all the points. Thank you. 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
I passed. I am very happy. 
Vineet Gala: 
Sir my last question is on the franchise side of the business so what 
can be the peak revenue potential when we expand to around 50 
franchise over the next three years and on this additional marginal 
revenue what can be the peak added margins that the business can 
generate? I am just looking for ballpark numbers over a medium 
term? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
I will try and give you the number aspect and may 
be the financial part, I will ask Shanay or Mr. Inani to comment but 
if you see as I said we will be looking at getting into 50 plus 
franchises over the next three years, but if you see the model the way 
we are looking into the model it is revenue sharing model. It is either 
FOFO or FOSO as we call it which is either Shalby operated or it is 
a franchise operated but we give the technical expertise and what 
happens is also that these are hospitals which are smaller in size. 
Basically I was saying that when you look at these hospitals which 
we are going in for partnership with the FOFO or the FOSO model it 
is basically a 30, 50 and 60 bed hospital so we are not going for 
bigger hospital. Internally we are lending our expertise in 
orthopedics, which is arthroplasty and other orthopedic areas of 
business so we would not be going into a 150 or a 200 bed hospital. 
We are going into smaller hospitals and if you calculate 50 hospitals 
multiplied by 50 beds you could understand that where we are going 
in and from a revenue standpoint or the EBITDA standpoint I may 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 23 
be ask following it up by Shanay or Mr. Inani to answer the 
question. 
Prahlad Inani: 
Thanks Sushobhan. That was precisely articulated well say 2500 
beds if you are having then if you consider that even the revenue 
side you can easily consider that even going for the conservative 
amount also, the revenue will be falling around Rs.800 Crores to 
Rs.1000 Crores if we consider 50 franchisees over there and 
certainly the EBITDA margin on the franchise is equally as the 
hospital side because we are giving them the benefit of economy of 
the scale with respect to material consumption in plant and other 
things and the second thing is the best of quality in our protocols and 
procedures and our best surgeon they will be just delivering the 
services over there so roughly when I see that there is 50 franchise 
network and I consider this must be the revenue in three to five years 
time and EBITDA is around similar 20% you can consider with 
respect the margin perspective. 
Shanay Shah: 
I will just kind of add to what Mr. Sushobhan and Mr. Inani have 
said. I think the topline and earnings will also depend a lot on 
whether it is a FOFO or a FOSO model so if it is more of FOFO 
which is franchise owned and franchise operated we will be just 
getting a revenue share out of that and that will straight away 
translate into earnings for Shalby. In the case where it is FOSO what 
will happen is which is franchise owned Shalby operated all the 
revenue will be booked on Shalby’s books and basically revenue 
share will be given to them and then all the other expenses will have 
to be incurred by Shalby and which will be basically then result in a 
normal kind of EBITDA that any hospital of our makes. At the end 
of the day it will really depend on the mix of the FOFO and FOSO 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 23 
within the franchise model. We do expect franchise to be the third 
pillar after the hospital business and the implant business to really 
contribute for us over the three to five year period. 
Vineet Gala: 
Thank you all. That is it from my side. I wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Singh from 
ABF Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Singh: 
Good evening everyone. My question is when we look at your 
EBITDA margins it is relatively very high in the healthcare industry 
but when I look at your PAT margin it is quite fluctuating? May I 
know the reason behind this? 
Prahlad Inani: 
Thanks Rahul that is a good question. If you see here that the first 
thing is we are falling under the MAT so once you see the published 
results you will see the current tax which is around 18% is the tax. 
The other thing which you are saying about the PAT, basically PAT 
is driven by deferred taxation also since we were having our four 
hospitals which is catering to the specific business towns with 
respect to the tax aspect and the rest of the business which is 
nonspecified so giving the effect of those specified and nonspecified 
business and with respect to the depreciation benefit which we have 
taken in the initial years you will find that some deferred liabilities 
has been used here and that is why you are seeing a little bit 
fluctuation with respect to PAT margin. Having said so, as per our 
calculation and we have accumulated losses we will be another two 
years in the MAT regime only and our cash outflow will be around 
18% due to the MAT right. 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Shanay Shah: 
I will just add to what Mr. Inani is saying so right now when you see 
the numbers from PBT to PAT what happens is 35% is usually 
charged as tax. What I think we are trying to say is that only 18% is 
the real outflow of cash for the payment of tax and this is likely to 
remain for a few years from now. 
Rahul Singh: 
So can I conclude that the cash profit is much higher than what is 
reported in the financials? 
Prahlad Inani: 
Certainly. Our cash profit is higher. If you go through the cash flow 
statement you will find there also so that is precisely correct 
statement. 
Rahul Singh: 
Okay thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abdulkader 
Puranwala from Elara Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir there are two 
new hospitals which are going to come in the next few years could 
you please throw some light as to what would be the bed capacity 
and what would be the capex plan for those hospitals? 
Shanay Shah: 
Sure. We have two hospitals coming up. One is you know the Asha 
Parekh Hospital in Mumbai which is basically a 40-year-old plus 
institute which we are going to break down and it is going to be a 
Greenfield project for the company. We are looking to invest close 
to Rs.160 Crores in that hospital and it will be roughly having a 
capacity of about 175 odd beds. The other one is coming up in Nasik 
which is again going to be a 150 bedded hospital where the land and 
the building are going to be given to us by the partner and we will be 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 23 
investing in the medical equipments and we will be giving them a 
revenue share. The good thing is that we have moved towards a 
completely asset like model even when it comes to hospitals and 
both these hospitals are going to be asset like whereby the land will 
not belong to the company. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
One more question on the ARPOP which we have 
seen to be quite high in this quarter as well as the occupancies is now 
being normalized is what we were earlier to the pre COVID levels so 
going ahead how should we see the occupancy rate and ARPOP 
panning out for us? 
Shanay Shah: 
Sure the way I would say that half of the surgery and half of the 
6200 surgeries done in this quarter have been arthroplasty surgeries 
right and essentially arthroplasty has a much higher ARPOP which is 
why you see the ARPOP to be close to 34,000 in his quarter right. 
Having said that we do believe that arthroplasty will continue to be 
between 35% and 50% of the number of surgeries that we do for the 
next 12 to 18 months at least so you will see a healthy ARPOP 
around this level going forward unless you have another COVID 
wave. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sure Sir and just the final question if I may so 
what will be the contribution coming to the topline from the vaccine 
administration for the quarter? 
Shanay Shah: 
So for the quarter we have done about Rs.10 Crores of topline from 
vaccination whereby we have inoculated more than a 100,000 
people. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Understood. Sure Sir. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Shalby Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Abdulkader Puranwala for his closing 
comments. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
On behalf of Elara Securities, I thank everyone for 
joining this call and I thank the Shalby management for giving us 
this opportunity. Over to you for some closing remarks. 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Thank you Abdul and thank you ladies and 
gentlemen for joining our Q2 full year 2022 earnings call. As you 
can tell from my voice as well as from the others who are 
participants of the call, we are very excited about the clear strategic 
direction, sound business principles and prospects and healthy 
financial performance. Please feel free to reach out to us in case any 
questions remain unanswered. Thanks again for your time and best 
wishes for a very festive season ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara Securities 
Private Limited that concludes this conference call. We thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
