 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
October 18, 2021 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the meeting 
of board of directors on October 13, 2021  
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the 
meeting of board of directors on October 13, 2021, for your information and records.  
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at  
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2021-2022/q2.html  
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-
results/2021-2022/q2.html  
  
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Infosys-Press Call 
October 13, 2021 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Rishi Basu (Emcee)  
Corporate Communications 
 
J O U R N A L I S T S  
 
Vinnii Motiwala 
ET Now 
 
Mugdha Variyar 
CNBC-TV18 
 
Harshada Sawant 
CNBC Awaaz 
 
Sajeet Manghat  
BloombergQuint 
 
Kushal Gupta 
Zee Business  
 
Chandra Ranganathan  
Moneycontrol 
 
Saritha Rai 
Bloomberg 
 
BD Narayankar 
UNI 
 

2 
 
Romita Majumdar 
The Economic Times 
 
Malvika Maloo 
EnterpriseStory 
 
Shilpa Phadnis 
The Times of India 
 
Shivani Shinde 
Business Standard 
 
Sankalp Phartiyal 
Reuters 
 
Sai Ishwar 
The Informist 
 
Bismah Malik 
Business Today 
 
Arun Kalyanasundaram 
TV9 

3 
 
Rishi Basu 
A very good evening everyone and thank you for joining Infosys’ second quarter financial 
results. My name is Rishi, and on behalf of Infosys, I’d like to welcome you to our press 
conference. In true essence of a hybrid model, we are delighted to host some of our friends 
from media at our Bangalore campus while some are joining us virtually. All participants on 
ground are vaccinated and we are adhering to all COVID-19 protocols. Before we begin, allow 
me a moment to go over a few house rules. Friends from media who are here with us physically, 
when we announce you during the Q&A kindly press the button below the mic to ask your 
question and release the button thereafter. Our friends from media joining us virtually, you will 
be on mute by default through the press conference once we announce you kindly remember 
to unmute yourself. Our photojournalist friends kindly remain seated since this is a hybrid 
model, and we have video feeds all around. As always, we request one question from each 
media house so that we can accommodate everyone over the next hour. For those joining 
virtually, in case you get disconnected, kindly rejoin using the same link. With that, let me 
invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh for his opening remarks. Over to you Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon and welcome back to the campus. I am really delighted that so 
many of you have been able to join us here in person. We are thrilled to be here on the campus 
and to start this new hybrid approach that we are working on and also thank you to all who are 
joining us remotely.  
I am delighted to share with you another exceptional quarter from us. We have increased market 
share gain. We have demonstrated more and more trust with our clients. We are really seeing 
the strength of our digital and cloud capabilities. Our growth was 19.4% YoY in constant 
currency, 6.3% QoQ but it is even more assuring, and reassuring for us is that this growth is 
organic, and we are seeing this coming with all of our client work. 
I would like to thank the entire 280,000 employees of Infosys for their incredible dedication to 
our clients and making the impact with work that they are doing. 

4 
 
On a YoY basis our growth was the fastest in the 11 years and builds on the strong growth that 
we already had last year at this time. Our growth has been accompanied by resilient operating 
margins at 23.6%. We delivered these margins while keeping at the forefront all of our focus 
on the employees, the compensation increases and the expansion of the benefits. 
Our digital business grew at 42% and now it is 56% of our overall revenue and within digital, 
our cloud is growing even faster. Our Cobalt capabilities are especially resonating with our 
clients. Some other highlights, we had broad-based growth across all of our sectors and service 
lines. Our Financial Services grew by 20.5%, Manufacturing over 42%, Retail over 17%, Life 
Sciences over 26%. In terms of geographies, North America grew at 23%, Europe over 19%. 
Our large deals were very strong at $2.15 bn and we had a net headcount increase of over 11000 
people where we are attracting the leading talents from the market and we remain comfortable 
with our ability to support our clients in all of their digital transformation work. We are also 
expanding rapidly our global talent pool and we are going to increase our college hiring number 
to 45,000 for this financial year. 
I am also delighted with our ESG focus - as many of you know we have already been carbon 
neutral since 2020. Our ambition for 2030 is well articulated and we are building on the 
momentum that we have created. We are accelerating our goals with launching Infosys 
Springboard to bring digital skills to millions of students. 
With a strong start to the financial year and a good deal of momentum in Q2 and a good 
pipeline, we are increasing our growth guidance. It was 14% to 16% we are taking it to 16.5% 
to 17.5% in constant currency terms. Our operating margin guidance remains the same. 
In addition, we have a really special moment this quarter. It will be Pravin’s last full quarter 
before he retires. It has been an incredible journey of 35 years that Pravin has been with Infosys 
where he has in so many ways shaped the company. His contributions are truly innumerable. 
We will miss, and I will personally miss the tremendous depth of knowledge that Pravin has of 
the business and his contagious sense of humor. My best wishes to Pravin. We will announce 
a new future structure in the coming weeks well before Pravin steps down and then we will 
communicate it externally. With that, I will pause and over to you Rishi for the questions from 
everyone here and virtually. 

5 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil are Mr. Pravin Rao, 
Chief Operating Officer, Infosys, and Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. We 
open with the first question which is from ET now. Vinnii Motiwala joins us on Video. Vinnii 
kindly unmute yourself and ask your question. 
Vinnii Motiwala 
Good evening gentlemen and congratulations on posting good earnings. My question is actually 
in three parts. The first one is for Salil, could you give us a color on the deal pipeline, and could 
you cross more than you bagged last year, and with the supply side issues are the new deals 
coming in at better pricing? My second part of the question is to Pravin, could you give us your 
sense on whether the high attrition is here to stay for a longer time, or do you see this transitory 
– basically how long can this pain be there for? And the last one again Salil, if you could give 
us a sense on what are the headwinds and the tailwinds in the medium term as well? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for your question. I think the pipeline looks strong and robust. Our deal wins have also 
been excellent for this quarter and for the half of the year and we have had a good momentum 
building up on what was in this environment a strong digital and cloud capability that our 
clients are looking at. There are two sets of areas where growth is coming from, one is from 
the wins that we see in the market, and one is from our existing client base, which is a very 
strong client base, which is looking to expand what they are doing with Infosys. So, keeping 
all of that in mind I am quite comfortable, we see a good outlook for this year. We continue to 
see with our increase in growth guidance a feeling that growth is looking strong going from 
14% to 16% to 16.5% to 17.5%. I will come back on the third one. Go ahead, Pravin. 
Pravin Rao 
On the attrition front, the high attrition is a reflection of the huge demand that we are seeing as 
well as supply shortage and to some extent, it is also lack of mobility in some of the geographies 
that we are seeing. The high attrition is expected to continue for next few quarters till the supply 

6 
 
situation eases. From our perspective we have been able to meet all our client commitments 
through aggressive hiring, reskilling as well as increased use of subcontractors. 
Salil Parekh 
On the pluses and minuses with what we see, we are really seeing a different kind of growth 
that is coming in today which is from our client-side. As Pravin shared, we are working in 
extremely focused way on expanding the capacity of our teams, we have increased the graduate 
hiring to up to 45,000 and we are doing several other actions to make sure that all of the work 
that our clients are giving us, we are able to work on. So really, we see a lot of that in terms of 
good demand in the market today. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Mugdha Variyar from CNBC TV18. Mugdha is here 
with us on ground. Mugdha kindly unmute yourself. 
Mugdha Variyar 
Thank you firstly for calling us here. It is great to be here, after more than five quarters, and 
congratulations on a strong quarter again. Salil my question to you is again about the deal 
environment. The big deal wins seem to have plateaued a little bit, is there some concern there 
or are you seeing now a mix of deals. If you can just highlight what the mix of deals is looking 
like. And also, I have to ask you because this is something that we see every day on Twitter 
and social media about the IT portal. You did put out a statement last month that 3 crores 
taxpayers have transacted but glitches are still remaining. What is the status update on that, and 
we had also seen taxpayers complain about glitches on the GST portal after four years of GST 
being live. So, what is the strategy to tackle these glitches, so that the taxpayers are not 
impacted, if you can throw some light on that?  
Nilanjan, I want to ask you about how much was the boost in the revenues from the Daimler 
deal firstly and secondly, in your comments, you have said that you will look to continue to 
invest in your employees to remain a preferred employer of choice and seamlessly fulfill client 
demands and this is really a big concern right now, the high attrition, the supply shortage, etc. 
So, if you can elaborate on what you mean by how you look to invest in your employees?  

7 
 
Pravin, of course, attrition is a big challenge. You said it will continue for the next few quarters, 
how are you looking to tackle that and what will be the pressures then on margins given that 
subcontractor costs are rising and finally when it comes to hybrid model you had said in the 
last quarter that you expect to see 20% to 30% employees coming back to office, what is the 
hybrid policy going to be like and how many employees are you now seeing coming back to 
office daily? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for those questions and thanks for being here in person. It is good to see everyone here 
in person. First, on the large deals what we are seeing today is a very good pipeline for large 
deals for us. The number of deals that we are working on is solid, we feel comfortable with the 
pipeline and that gives us good traction into the market, of course, last year we also had some 
mega deals. When we look internally and we normalize for that because those are always 
difficult to predict and when those things happen, we have some of those in the pipeline. We 
feel that the deal pipeline looks strong today and that has given us the confidence in addition 
to what we have done in the past to increase the guidance. Overall, the type of deals that we 
are doing, the type of trusts that our clients are putting in us and a lot of that which is in this 
digital transformation areas which relate to cloud we are seeing good traction in that. For 
example, with Cobalt, we are starting to see a lot of work which is related to private cloud, 
hybrid cloud. We have strong partnerships with the ‘Infra as a Service’ players in the market 
and those are giving us good impact and we have very good traction with the SaaS players and 
those are giving us impact. So we see a nice set of pipelines in terms of what is going on with 
the overall large deals.  
On the income tax project, I will make a couple of points and also on GST. Pravin may add to 
it when he responds to the other attrition questions. So first we are seeing a steady progress on 
the income tax system. As of yesterday, we had over 1.9 crore returns that have been filed using 
the new system. Today the income tax return forms 1 to 7 are all functional, most of the 
statutory or several other statutory forms are available on the system. Over the past month, the 
portal has been further bolstered, the system has seen a steady increase in usage over the past 
few weeks and the taxpayers’ concerns have been progressively addressed. Over 18 crore 
logins have been observed on the portal and approximately 3.8 crore unique users have 
successfully completed various transactions. The system has seen somewhere between 2-3 lakh 

8 
 
returns being filed each day. There are some other stats which I also wanted to share. For 
example, from the previous assessment year, 96% of the returns have been processed. For the 
current assessment year, over 1 crore returns have already been processed which is part of the 
benefit of this new approach - integrated system with the filing and the processing. To ensure 
a smooth filing experience for the users, Infosys has continuously engaged with more than 1200 
individual taxpayers over the last several months. We have also been working closely with the 
Chartered Accountant community to ensure that a comprehensive set of user scenarios are 
supported and thoroughly tested before deployment. We remain committed to making further 
progress and we are confident of ensuring a seamless experience for all the taxpayers. We take 
pride in partnering with the Government of India and continue to work closely with various 
departments to accelerate the digital evolution of the country’s technology capabilities. On the 
GST as well, we are working very closely with the department, with the agency to make sure 
all of those areas are addressed. It is actually a system that has been working extremely well 
for the last several years. There are situations which come up which we look at and address on 
an ongoing basis. With that let me pass it to Pravin for some of those other points. 
Pravin Rao 
From an employee attrition perspective, to contain attrition we have undertaken several 
initiatives. One of course is we have given a couple of compensation increases this year, one 
was effective January and another one was effective July. In addition, for high performers as 
well as people with niche skills we also rolled out a skill-based compensation increase recently. 
We have dramatically increased the number of promotions that we have been doing. We have 
come up with some elaborate retention plans as well and we are trying to execute on that.  
There is a lot of focus on employee engagement, there is a lot of focus on career aspects, we 
are investing a lot in terms of employee training, reskilling, we have come up with new roles 
of digital specialists. We are also looking at Bridge program which helps people to move across 
different roles in the organization. Of course, there is a lot of focus even in terms of ensuring 
that when people are working remotely as well, we have an inclusive culture where they also 
get involved in the employee lifecycle process. So, there are multiple things we are doing, 
trying to contain the attrition as well and we are also at the same time looking at a long-term 
strategy, we are re-looking at the employee value proposition. It is not only about attrition, but 
it is also the fact in the new normal the whole employee value proposition has to be relooked 

9 
 
at because the new normal will be fundamentally different from what we have seen in the past 
in the pre-COVID world, so that’s a more a long-term initiative that is something we have 
started taking a look at. So, these are some of the interventions we have done trying to contain 
attrition. On the return to work today globally, we have about 97% still working from home. 
On one hand, in China, we have 91% working in an office, on the other hand in India, US or 
in UK we have 98.5% working from home, in Continental Europe, it is probably in mid-90%, 
in South East Asia about 80% or so. Starting July both in the US as well as in India, we opened 
up in our offices across all the DCs where the employees were allowed to come into the office 
on a voluntary basis, of course, we follow strict protocols in terms of vaccination, etc. Starting 
October, we will probably now start looking at things in a much more formal manner. In 
October, in India, we are requesting all the senior leaders to come to the office at least once a 
week. We are also requesting them to have several interventions for employees at least once a 
month so that we have a larger population coming to the office and based on the feedback and 
outcome we will fine-tune the process and then we will figure out what will happen in the 
subsequent quarters. At the end of the day, everyone recognizes that this is going to be a huge 
change management. There is no one size fits all, so we have to keep in mind the client 
requirement as well as keep in mind the employee preferences as well. So, we are really 
working on a model which provides flexibility to employees, but also enables us to react with 
great speed and agility to whatever is happening. So, we are very comfortable with our current 
thinking on this and so far, we have been able to meet all the client requirements without any 
further issues. 
Nilanjan Roy 
You had a question on Daimler. Of course we can’t comment on a particular client. You can 
see the impact on the manufacturing segment which has grown handsomely, but across all 
segments, as Salil mentioned we have had very broad-based double-digit growth both on a 
year-on-year basis and sequentially as well all the segments have grown. I would say Daimler 
has been more like an icing on the cake and even without Daimler we are seeing strong growth. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you Nilanjan. The next question is from CNBC Awaaz. We are joined by Harshada 
Sawant who is joining us on video. 

10 
 
Harshada Sawant 
Good evening gentlemen. Congratulations on a good quarter. Salil, I would like to ask you a 
question. We have seen good growth in digital over the last three to four quarters, however, I 
have noticed that as a percentage of your revenue the number has plateaued between the range 
of 50% to 53%. In terms of new deals in digital, do you feel that those deals are less as 
compared to what we have seen over the last three to four quarters? Also, if the deals are 
coming, are they primarily related to cloud, AI, IoT, where do you see more demand? My 
question to Pravin - geographically we have seen North America and Europe face the second 
wave because of which there was a struggle in the last quarter, so what are the signs for now 
on ground and also if you give visibility of the onsite talent returning after travel restrictions 
start easing? 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you for the question. Let me try and address the first part. The digital capabilities are 
really resonating well with clients. We see tremendous growth with 42% growth of digital the 
percentage of our overall revenue is now 56% so that is constantly increasing from what we 
had in the last few quarters. That growth of 42%, we do not see that in today’s outlook 
plateauing. In terms of what we are seeing great traction for, within our digital pentagon, we 
see tremendous traction for the cloud area because of our cobalt capabilities, which are 
resonating well with clients. We have now 300 industry templates within Cobalt, about 30,000 
different assets. Those are what clients are really gravitating to. We also see good traction on 
our data and analytics capabilities, there we see a very strong growth. We see good traction for 
our experience, our digital development, cloud-native work and we see good work again on 
cyber security and IoT, so all the elements of our digital capabilities are showing good traction 
today. Cloud of course being the most dominant in the marketplace today. 
Pravin Rao 
With respect to the geographies, with an increased pace of vaccination, we are seeing the 
market opening up both in the US and Europe as well, both are major markets for us. In fact, 
we had over 20% growth YoY on a constant currency basis in the US this quarter and close to 
19.6% in Europe. So, from a growth perspective, things are looking good. With the market 

11 
 
opening up and with travel easing, we expect a good deal of flexibility going forward as well 
probably sometime in November, December onwards. But at the same time, we have to also 
recognize that with exploding demand now the ease about talent availability, so wherever talent 
is available, clients are open to source the talent from wherever it is available. So, while markets 
may open up if most of the talents still are in India then we will continue to see a lot more 
opportunities in India as well, but the fact that the travel is opening up will give us some 
flexibility to move people around and have the mobility of talent. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BloombergQuint. Sajeet joins us 
on video. 
Sajeet Manghat 
Good evening gentlemen. Salil, I want your thoughts on the demand environment especially in 
the US and the European markets, and the fact that there is a lot of medium and small deals, 
which are around in the market, but large deals have largely either slowed down or is taking 
longer to close and that is visible from the fact that top three players are saying the same thing 
that medium and small deals are much more in the market today. So, are we are seeing a 
plateauing of these digital transformation deals happening in the market?  
For Nilanjan, if you can give me some more color on the kind of supply side challenges, which 
you are going to face in the next couple of quarters even though we have increased the guidance 
and maintained operating margins, but you have increased the hiring from campus, what kind 
of supply-side challenges you are seeing there?  
And for Pravin, if you can give us some idea of how BFSI and Retail are doing. We saw the 
contributions coming of marginally on a QoQ basis, but do you see some plateauing being there 
because these were the growth engines in the last three to four quarters and now there is some 
plateau coming in those segments? 
Salil Parekh 

12 
 
So let me start first on the geography and the composition of the deals, large deals, and the 
medium deals. In North America and in Europe we are seeing very strong demand. As we had 
shared earlier over 23% growth in North America and over 19% growth in Europe. A good set 
of demand and good deals. Even if I look in the pipeline, we see good activity. Digital 
transformation is still very much part of what clients are driving. They are driving that change 
agenda through their businesses. We are interacting with them. We are working with them to 
see how that becomes a large part of all of the work that they want to put in place on a multi-
year program. The mega-deals as I was sharing earlier will always not be predictable in which 
quarters they will come. Yes, there is a lot of deal flow, which is what we call medium and 
large deals. Our large deals values are based on all deals, which are above a threshold of $50 
mn and hence we have various ways internally of looking at these things. But overall, my sense 
is the pipeline is strong. We see good growth and the way that clients are looking at it in each 
industry, the incumbents are going faster to transform themselves. The native cloud, the native 
digital players are scaling up massively. So, this is a good time in that sense for the demand 
and the real testament is we have increased our guidance for the full year with what we see in 
the pipeline and with what we have developed so far. 
Nilanjan Roy 
On the supply side like Salil mentioned, this is an exceptional demand scenario and frankly, 
nobody was prepared. Fresher, which is the main source of talent for this industry, really that 
had not filled into the pipeline and therefore you have been seeing the sequential increase even 
by us and the industry in terms of taking more and more freshers. At the end of the day, India 
generates a million freshers, engineering graduates each year who can come into this industry 
and really fuel the volume growth. Attrition is fundamentally rotational right, my attrition is 
somebody else’s lateral and somebody else’s attrition is my lateral. So, at the end of the day, I 
think once the freshers feed into the system they get reskilled and upskilled you will see the 
supply side easing off, but as I say I rather work in an industry where demand is chasing supply 
rather supply chasing demand, so I think, in a way, it’s a problem, but a better problem to have 
in the other way around. And, I think increasing our freshers to 45,000 this year is going to fuel 
some of that supply side to make sure we remain committed to our existing deliveries of our 
clients which are number one and number two, new volume growth which we can also sustain. 
Sajeet Manghat 

13 
 
Is it a stabilization part of it? Do you expect two to three-quarters of stabilization requirement 
for this particular challenge? 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think, like even Pravin has said, I think within two quarters we will have a lot of freshers 
coming in and you will see some of this attrition and also the retention measures lot of us are 
doing whether it is promotion, whether it is terms of compensation, whether it is targeted 
retention, I think all that will come into play. 
Pravin Rao 
In terms of BFSI, we have had extremely good growth industry-leading growth of over 20% 
on a YoY constant currency basis, and probably several quarters in a row we have had this kind 
of growth in this segment. I am also happy to share that we were ranked #1 by HfS in their 
Banking and Financial Services —service providers ranking. We are seeing a lot of traction 
and great momentum across geographies both in Europe as well as North America. Our clients 
are investing in customer experience using advanced analytics and AI. We are also seeing a lot 
of focus on remote customer management like virtual banking, remote advisories, and so on. 
Of course, we are also seeing a lot of cloud-based transformation deals.  
Our focus on building capabilities and platforms in some of the sub-verticals like regional 
banks, asset management, wealth management services, mortgages, etc, is paying a huge 
dividends and we are able to win lot more deals and gain market share. Today we are well-
positioned as an end-to-end transformation player given our depth in domain, depth in IT, depth 
in ops as well as digital transformational capabilities. And we expect this momentum to 
continue.  
In Retail as well we are seeing good double-digit growth this quarter. We have also seen decent 
sequential growth. With economies opening up we are seeing a lot of pent-up demand. Retailers 
have started aggressively investing in building new digital capabilities in marketing, in 
commerce, and in supply chain. We are seeing a lot of traction around the digital consumer. 
We are seeing a lot of traction around promotions, around personalization and so on. Our recent 
new launch of Equinox platform is also an added advantage for us in this space. We are seeing 

14 
 
good traction both in existing clients as well as new clients. We expect steady growth in this 
segment in the coming quarters as well. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Kushal Gupta from Zee Business who joins us on video.  
Kushal Gupta 
Good evening gentlemen. I have two questions, Firstly, I am surprised with the business 
segments growth , specially Manufacturing sector with constant currency growth of about 
42.5%, and if you speak about percentage share, we see levels of 10.9%, so by end of FY2022, 
can we expect Manufacturing to have the highest share after financial services, given the kind 
of growth we are seeing in constant currency terms? And my second question is particularly 
on the strategy of the company, as we are hiring freshers, so will our focus be on a smaller set 
of deals which would be of smaller value or will our focus be on the larger deals itself? Thank 
you. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you! Let me start by answering the first one, Manufacturing is an extremely strong area 
for us, and we have seen very good growth which shows again good client traction for us. The 
step back, within the company we have a broad well-diversified focus on different industries. 
Of course, Financial Services is the largest for us. Consumer products and Retail is a very 
strong industry for us as well, as Pravin was sharing some of the statistics on that and 
Manufacturing has always been a strength, but we are now seeing further expansion with what 
we have been able to do over the last few years, so yes, those will be very important. But there 
are areas which are very strong for us – Utilities, Telecommunication, HiTech, Life Sciences 
– those will continue to play a big role, because we do have a well-diversified set of industries 
where we work exclusively with a lot of clients, large enterprises in those areas.  
Kushal Gupta 

15 
 
My second question is, as the company is planning to hire 45,000 freshers, so strategy-wise 
going forward, are we focusing on small deals so that we have the quantity of deals or focusing 
on the large deals? 
Salil Parekh 
The approach we have put in place, as we have shared is a combination of things. We have a 
tremendous focus on large deals which are deals above $50 mn for us and we have had a good 
track record over the last 3 or 4 years of the way those deals have come about. And that 
continues, we have a good pipeline of those deals. But that does not mean that we do not work 
where there are smaller deals and that is also a very significant part. As you see the number of 
accounts, client relationships that we have which are for example over a $100 mn, over a $50 
mn those keep expanding very well because we spend time to work with each of our clients to 
expand in all sizes of opportunities there. So that approach is not going to change. The idea of 
bringing in more people into the company with college hiring, is simply as Pravin and Nilanjan 
are sharing, is to expand the amount of people we have to serve all our clients, so both on large 
deals and on other deals within our client base, we will continue with that approach. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra Ranganathan from Moneycontrol. Chandra is 
here with us. Chandra, kindly unmute. 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Hi, great to be back at the Infosys campus in Electronic City, Salil, I want to start by asking 
you in terms of the total deal wins. Initially post-pandemic the argument was cost optimization. 
Are you seeing the cycles getting longer, are there more discretionary projects now with 
companies emerging out of the pandemic, and if you can also give us the break-up between the 
net new deals and the renewals, out of the total TCV that you have won. Nilanjan, you have 
managed to kind of hold on to margins despite wage increases, despite attrition spiking. Was 
it also because your sales and marketing cost was a little flattish; do you expect this to change 
because you haven’t really changed your margin guidance, so how are you going to balance 
those levers? Pravin, you are sort of the veteran in the company, you have seen all the ups and 

16 
 
downs, so tell us about your last day and what is the future structure going to look at, will you 
have a multiple COO structure are you guys planning to do away with it altogether and what 
are you going to do post-Infosys? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start off with a little bit of what we are doing in terms of what we are seeing with clients 
today. We are definitely seeing that activity with clients is giving us good traction. We think 
all of the work that is going on whether it is related to the cloud, whether it is related to digital, 
is still giving us good growth, good momentum in that area. Our focus will remain very much 
on making sure that we work both with existing large clients and also with new deals that are 
coming in. We do not see in that sense a distinction in any of those areas. Let me come back 
later and address some of the points that you have asked Pravin but let me pass it on to Nilanjan 
first. 
Nilanjan Roy  
From a margin perspective, as you know, we have dropped about 10 basis points quarter to 
quarter. Broad breakdown of this is - comp. hikes was about 110 basis points, about 50 basis 
points was the headwinds on subcon, because to meet the existing demand we had to actually 
go up and ramp up on subcons so actually there was a headwind of 1.6%. We have offset about 
80 basis points of this from cost optimization and operating parameters like utilization. Another 
50-basis point is the impact of SG&A which is the operating leverage and that is very core to 
our strategy as well and about 30 basis points remaining is coming from currency. So, it is not 
simply about SG&A. It is making sure that we are working on an aggressive cost optimization 
program as well to negate some of these headwinds and from the margin guidance that 22% to 
24% we are comfortable with that and we do not see any reason to change it. 
Salil Parekh 
Pravin will certainly answer the points about what he is doing afterward. I will just take a 
couple of seconds to talk about what we are doing within the company. As I shared earlier, we 
have already put together what we are looking to do in terms of our structure. We will announce 
it internally in the coming weeks and then we will obviously communicate that outside. So very 

17 
 
soon you will get to see what that is. We have a very strong set of leaders within the company 
so I am extremely confident that we will have a structure that will work for our clients and for 
our business. 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Salil, sorry just one follow-up. Considering Pravin has sort of been leading the delivery 
management based in Bengaluru and you are based in Bombay, so do you see some difficulty 
there because it is the first big top-level change that we will see after you came in, so any 
difficulties that you anticipate there, just want to understand. 
Salil Parekh 
No from our side, Pravin has built an incredible team over the years, and this will be an 
evolution. So, I am looking forward to having many of the new leaders step up and focus on 
the areas that Pravin was focused on. Of course, the company and I personally will miss Pravin 
tremendously. 
Pravin Rao 
I just wanted to add what Salil said. For all the functions I was handling, I had a strong set of 
leaders running those functions, so I really don’t anticipate any challenges in transition or any 
miss there. I am very confident about the transition and succession of the role. My last day is 
December 11, so I will still be around till then and at present there are no concrete plans of 
what I will do beyond. 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Pravin just one clarification - you have said you have handed out promotions in large numbers. 
Can you give a sense of previous years how much would it be, this year how much is it because 
of the unprecedented war for tech talent? 
Pravin Rao 
We normally do not give out those exact numbers, but it is significantly higher than what we 
have done in the past. I can just state that.  

18 
 
I also want to take a moment to thank all my media friends for their best wishes and support to 
Infosys over the years. I have enjoyed all my interactions and once again thank you very much. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Saritha Rai from Bloomberg. Saritha is here with us. 
Saritha, kindly unmute yourself.  
Saritha Rai 
Hello gentlemen. Sir, my question is about attrition, you are now competing against startups 
that are offering such sweeteners as BMW bikes, ten-day shutdowns, three-day work week. I 
wanted to ask you, what new creative measures is Infosys taking. You are a forty-year-old 
company, and you are now competing with two- or three-year-old startups so obviously this 
calls for some innovative thinking, that was my first question. My second question is about the 
whole travel is going to come back, the return to office, all of the costs involved, how is that 
going to affect your margins or how are you going to control cost and will that sort of revive 
the H1B visa issue that is been under control or has sort of receded into the background in the 
last few quarters and my last question is this is the kind of a time when a lot of shopping is 
going on in various sectors and I wondered whether Infosys is looking at any kind of acquisition 
big or small? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start off again. Thank you for being here in person. What we have in terms of the 
connects with our employees is incredible. We are a company as you mentioned a 40-year-old 
company, we have tremendous longevity and the strengths that come from that and very 
exciting projects that we work on because we are working on this digital transformation, cloud, 
data, analytics projects for large global enterprises and that is still very exciting. The statistics 
that we shared earlier – 45,000 college hires and for each of those we are probably going to 
look at 10-15 people for each person that joins us, and it is still a hugely competitive 
environment for someone to join Infosys, so we are very positive and confident. Of course, 
there are many people, and the startup ecosystem is fantastic everywhere around India, 
especially here in Bengaluru as well and there is all good success to have startup ecosystem. 

19 
 
Of course, in startups there are different pros and cons. For a company like ours, we have 
tremendous training, a good long career, and exciting projects that our employees work with, 
in addition to all the benefits and a phenomenal campus environment that we have. So, we are 
very comfortable and confident that we can attract the talent and that we can develop and grow 
it over long periods of time.  
I will address the third one that you mentioned, we are absolutely looking for acquisition 
opportunities on an ongoing basis, we have done several in the past two or three years that you 
are aware of on cloud, SaaS companies, on areas which are related to a customer relationship 
management, on areas that are related to technology, digital experience, digital design studios, 
so those are the things we are continuing to look for and look at. At this stage, there are also 
things which are active in the pipeline, but those things as we have discussed in the past happen 
when all the elements come together, the culture, the value, and what we can do on scaling it 
and as and when they do, we will continue with their parts to the acquisition. 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think the point you are making here is that yes, we will see some costs coming back like 
travel, for instance, some of the work from the office once some of the work resumes. But 
having said that, even during all this period we have seen a very active cost management 
program, cost take out, optimization program and whether this is the onsite-offshore, 
automation is a big part of this as well, bot factory, the pyramid. So, I think a number of 
initiatives we continue to take. Hiring graduates overseas for instance from the US as well and 
I think our college graduate program outside India now is at about 3000 to 3500 fresh graduates 
which earlier we would not have had as many. So, I think we have a lot of continuous work 
happening on this and we are quite confident in our margin guidance. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from BD Narayankar from UNI who joins us on audio. Kindly 
unmute yourself. 
BD Narayankar 

20 
 
Firstly, I would like to congratulate the Infosys team for beating the street estimates. I have 
only one question and that is what is the one big reason why Infosys has done better than TCS? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me try and address that and maybe Pravin, Nilanjan might have other things to add. I think 
our focus is absolutely on our clients today. We are very much building and have built a set of 
capabilities which are focused on digital and cloud and those are things that our clients are 
looking at. That is the main reason why we see a tremendous market share gain that you point 
out. We have seen this over the last several quarters, we are consistently making sure that we 
enhance our capabilities, so look at Cobalt today. Pravin mentioned Equinox. Equinox is the 
capability which is designed for a completely new world of e-commerce, and we have the 
leading capability in that sense, a platform which we can deploy and have deployed at many 
different client situations. So, things like Cobalt, Equinox, the reskilling that we have done with 
all our people. When clients work with us, they see that those capabilities are relevant and that 
is the reason why we are seeing all this traction. Of course, there is also a focus that we are put 
into all of our teams whether it is on the delivery side or the sales side, all of our BEF functions, 
which is working in a joined-up way in ‘One Infosys’ way to make sure that all of this is put 
together without looking internally, only looking externally. Those are the reasons working in 
this ‘One Infosys’ way, building the new capabilities that is helping us and the real resonance 
that you point out is what we see in terms of our growth and how the overall operating 
environment is working. We are really delighted to see the clients are looking to us more and 
more as a trusted partner. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Romita Majumdar from The Economic Times. Romita 
joins us on audio. 
Romita Majumdar 
Congratulations gentlemen on a very good set of numbers. My first query is with respect to the 
Retail business since you mentioned that there has been very good growth there and there is a 
lot of aggressive investment happening in this space, I would like to understand where the new 

21 
 
deals are coming in Retail from, what kind of segments, what kind of client demand do you 
see, is it B2C, is it B2B, also what is the duration and value of such projects that you see on the 
Retail side. And I have another query with respect to the supply side issues, I want to 
understand because there is this attrition issue that we are talking about, what employee 
categories in terms of experience or roles do you see which are reporting maximum attrition 
and do you think that going slow on, onboarding talent when the pandemic hit, or letting go of 
people before the pandemic impacted your ability to deal with the kind of massive demand that 
you are seeing right now? 
Pravin Rao 
On the Retail front, as I said earlier most of the increased demand we are seeing is in the areas 
of new commerce, new ways of doing digital marketing, in the supply chain areas, and so on. 
So, there is a lot of focus on hyper-personalization, and this is across geographies, and this is 
also across different kinds of deals, and we are seeing this traction both with existing customers 
as well as with new prospects. In fact, out of 22 large deals that we won, three of the large deals 
were in the retail space. So, from that perspective I think it has been pretty broad-based and as 
I said earlier, we expect this traction to continue for several quarters given that the economy is 
picking up and there is a lot of pent-up demand. Again, from a space perspective it is, I mean, 
we predominantly work with B2B companies most of the things we are talking about is B2B 
perspective. But obviously, for our clients, the demand is coming from end consumers and so 
the moment there is an increase in demand then that translates into increased opportunities for 
us as well. So that is what we are seeing in the retail space.  
On the supply side typically the attrition, irrespective of current situation or historically in the 
industry the attrition is normally high between three to five years or three to six years, I mean 
that is where people are still not emotionally connected with the organization and the attrition 
tends to be high. Even now in the current situation while the average for us this quarter we had 
about 20.1% average on LTM basis, the attrition at three to six years was probably higher than 
what we have seen at company level, and that is normal and typical to what we have seen. 
Romita Majumdar 

22 
 
In terms of going slow on onboarding talent last year before the pandemic, during the 
pandemic, do you think that impacted your ability to address the demand that you see right 
now? 
Pravin Rao 
No, from an Infosys perspective we continued to recruit, we continued to onboard people but 
to some extent yes. I think many companies stopped recurring and suddenly when there was 
demand then the attrition picked up and there was a lot of cross-movement of people, but 
having said that the kind of demand we are seeing is probably unusually high and in fact, the 
last we have seen this kind of demand goes back to about 2010 or something like that, and 
several reports talk about the tech intensity increasing from 3% to 5% but historically total 
spend would be 3% of revenues and now it is increasing to 5% and this is going to be a 
multiyear demand. So, in that sense, I think the demand is significantly higher than what we 
have historically seen in these past few years. To some extent, in the short-term lack of hiring 
during pandemic may have caused this attrition but the supply challenges will persist till new 
freshers get deployed, a lot of reskilling will happen and as Nilanjan said and as I also talked 
about earlier the next few quarters, we expect the supply situation to ease, and the attrition 
comes back to normal levels. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Malvika Maloo from EnterpriseStory. Malvika is joining 
us on audio.  
Malvika Maloo 
Good evening gentlemen. My first question is on hiring. Could you give us some idea about 
the lateral hiring that you are doing and what kind of particular areas you are looking at in 
lateral hiring because you say you are seeing a lot of demand for Cloud, AI, so if you could 
shed some light on that? Secondly, if you could tell us more about how you are planning to 
deal with acquisitions, what areas, what companies you are looking at and how have the 
acquisitions in the past helped you deal with the demand that you are seeing right now? 
Pravin Rao 

23 
 
In terms of talent, on the lateral hiring we are really looking at hiring people with digital skill 
but many times there is a shortage of digital skill, so we also look at adjacent areas and then 
re-skill them internally on digital skills. So that has been our approach. Our approach is also 
about reskilling of existing people as well so on an average in the last few quarters nearly 80% 
of our incremental demand on digital has been met with internal reskilling and that is something 
we will continue to focus on. We do not give specific numbers on number of hiring from a 
lateral perspective and but from a freshers perspective so far, we have hired about 25,000 
people globally from campuses and we have increased the target to 45,000 through the year. 
Earlier we had talked about hiring about 35,000 campus graduates this year, now we have 
increased it to 45,000. 
Salil Parekh 
On the acquisitions, as you might have seen over the past few years, we have done acquisitions 
which are focused on the SaaS areas, with different partner capabilities we have tried to 
accelerate. We have done acquisitions which are focused on the public cloud area, we have 
done acquisitions which are focused on engineering services and on experience and digital 
design type of capabilities. All those areas are growing extremely well in the market. So, what 
we have learned is one with the careful work that the team has done to make sure operationally 
integrates well and then drive incremental impact to the client and to Infosys, those acquisitions 
are working quite well today, and they are part of what is helping us to further expand our 
capabilities in the digital and cloud area. 
Rishi Basu  
Thank you. The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from the Times of India. Shilpa joins us 
on video.  
Shilpa Phadnis 
Good evening gentlemen. Attrition has gone up substantially to 20% how are you baking in the 
potential price increases in your client base, either through upfront cost or altering the pricing 
constructs towards outcome-based pricing. If you can tell us about the cost optimization levers 
to normalize the pyramid, because subcon expenses have gone up, so is backfilling expenses. 

24 
 
Also, would you see yourself with the current threshold from an offshoring standpoint? Salil 
this question is to you, you’ve landed the firm in an acceleration phase, people are talking about 
how the tech intensity has gone up substantially, would you take a strategic refresh at this point 
in time, would your new strategy capture the new growth momentum. Pravin Rao Sir, many 
congratulations on a stellar career over three-plus decades with Infosys. Would we envisage a 
COO role which is location agnostic and individual agnostic, how will the structure look like? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start with the point which is around what we are seeing with the acceleration and the 
demand, Shilpa. Yes, we have been fortunate to see a tremendous acceleration with 19% 
growth this quarter and an increase in guidance. Our focus which is really on digital 
capabilities, remains steady. As and when we are ready with the next phase of what we want 
to develop and think we will obviously communicate that. For now, we are seeing a lot of 
activity which is going on with the areas we have talked about today, the cloud areas, the cyber 
security areas, Artificial Intelligence, IoT and our building up of capability in that space has 
really helped us.  
Shilpa Phadnis 
So, I just wanted to understand how are you baking the potential price increases in your 
contracts especially either to upfront investments or its outcome-based pricing because all the 
other levers look healthy and also if you can talk about the cost optimization levers how do you 
plan to normalize the pyramid, with the subcon expenses and backfilling expenses also going 
up. Would you also see yourself at the current threshold from an offshoring standpoint? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, so I think on a pricing perspective I think it is easier said than done to say that you can 
just walk up to our client and ask for a price increase. So that is not the way the world works. 
But I think what we are trying to work with many of sales folks is to focus on the value which 
we bring to our clients. Really the core of proposition we bring in our organization, speed to 
market, redundancy, customer service, net promoter score these are real tangible dollars which 
we can show our clients and that is the way we are leading the conversation. The net idea is 
that we cannot leave any cents and dollars on the table, and we of course have to be competitive 

25 
 
but absolutely this is the right time to make sure that we really buckle down on this and continue 
to focus on looking at digital talent and saying that if clients are looking at that kind of talent 
they should consult paying for that price. But like I said this is going to be a long haul, this is 
not a short-term one-quarter exercise where you can flip it around. On cost optimization, I think 
we continue to show across the years around the levers that like I mentioned in terms of the 
pyramid onsite-offshore, setting up the hubs in the US that enabled us really uniquely as one 
of the companies to set up an onsite pyramid historically the pyramid was only looked at 
offshore whereas onsite used to be very steep. Now with our hubs we actually can broad-based 
the pyramid there, take in these college freshers, and really impact the cost structure of our 
onsite businesses as well. So, in that sense, we are quite confident on that. If you look at the 
onsite offshore mix whether there is threshold, the long run secular trend like I said there is no 
other country in the world which has a million engineering graduates coming out English 
speaking every year. At the end of the day, this global intensity of demand, it will have to come 
to India and in that sense we are best placed to take care of that. Secularly, I think there can be 
some one-offs in quarters, but in the long run, you should see this onsite-offshore continue to 
improve. 
Pravin Rao 
Shilpa, I just wanted to thank you for the kind words and for the wishes. I have always enjoyed 
all interactions with you. In terms of your specific question, I will pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
I think what you mentioned was something about location independence or individual 
independence. I think those are more let us say theoretical constructs. We have had a very well 
organized, really practical approach to how we have run the business in terms of our 
organizational structure, and what we are now planning to do is to move to the new structure 
which we will share internally first, and then we will communicate it outside. We have an 
extremely strong set of leaders within Infosys, so I am looking forward to many of them 
stepping up in the years to come and of course, we will miss Pravin and his insights and real 
knowledge of the business, not just of the company, but on the business overall in the market 
as well. 

26 
 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Shivani Shinde from Business Standard. Shivaji joins us 
on audio. 
Shivani Shinde 
Good evening gentlemen. Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Just a few follow on 
questions. Salil, on TCVs it does look slightly softer if I have to compare it sequentially on 
YoY and this is just not you, I think Accenture said the same almost when it came to 
outsourcing, TCS also showed the same thing. Can you give us some color on what is 
happening in the deal segment? Are large deals becoming smaller because as the market opens 
up, are clients recalibrating what they are looking at? Because if people are coming back to 
offices and things may be coming back to normal, so if you could just give some more color 
on the TCVs of the kind of deals that you see over the next two quarters?  
Pravin Sir, for you, from 35,000 to 45,000, these are coming from campuses, how do you intend 
to make sure will they be joining over the next two quarters, or do you think this will be 
sufficient also for the kind of demand you are seeing, or we will see some more numbers 
coming over the next two quarters.  
Nilanjan, one final word for you, you have said that you managed this quarter really well 
assuming you are going ahead as travel starts, are there enough levers in your hands to maintain 
this kind of margin momentum? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Shivani. I think on the large deals the first point from our perspective is the pipeline is 
in very good shape. Our number at $2.15 bn we feel is extremely strong as Pravin mentioned 
22 deals, it is a very large number of deals in terms of the actual number of deals. And, as we 
look back to last year or last quarter that we are continuing to see progression as we see the 
number of deals in addition to the value of the deals. What we did have within a mix in the 
year-ago quarter as Nilanjan mentioned earlier was one of our mega deals. Those sorts of deals 
as I was sharing, are not predictable in each quarter, so we look much more at the overall 
pipeline and the intensity that we are seeing in the market. There is a real interest in digital 

27 
 
transformation, there is a real interest in working with us because we built these capabilities. 
We have seen good momentum in the last few quarters and the real test for us is we have 
increased our guidance for the full year that gives us a way to demonstrate that we are confident 
that the growth is looking good in the coming quarters as well. 
Pravin Roy 
In terms of number of employees, I think at this stage, we feel based on our own assessment of 
business demand at 45,000 would be adequate, but we are a very agile system, we keep on 
forecasting on a weekly basis. If we feel the need to change it, we will be more than happy to 
do that. If you recall our last quarter, we talked about overall 35,000 hiring and in the span of 
three months, we have increased this to 45,000. So, we will continue to monitor this situation 
and if there is a need, we will be more than happy and we will not hesitate to add more people 
if required. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Sankalp Phartiyal from Reuters. Sankalp has sent us his 
question on message. I will read it out for him. The question is for Pravin and Salil. Can you 
tell us if hiring is becoming difficult in the current demand environment? Has good talent 
become more expensive both among freshers and in lateral hiring and how does that affect 
margins? 
Pravin Rao 
Obviously, we have a very large talent base in India and today the ability to recruit in a remote 
manner also gives us that scalability and we have also been using InfyTQ and other online 
assessments and other things to get the right quality of people. So, from our perspective, I think 
we are able to get the kind of quality we need and there is an extensive focus on training as 
well because we have probably one of the most sought-after training. In Infosys, we train 
people over four to five months and we are probably the best finishing school in the industry. 
So, we are not too much worried about the quality of talent and we are able to manage. 
Rishi Basu 

28 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from the Informist. Sai joins us on audio. 
Sai Ishwar 
Good evening. My first question is for Salil. Do you see any fundamental change in the way 
pricing is built up because right now do you see the element of gain sharing that is where the 
service provider is taking more gains instead of fixed pricing because in digital deals you are 
adding more value. And also in terms of cost-cutting you are actually reducing cost for the 
clients? So do you see a fundamental change in the pricing and where is the gain sharing 
element is becoming more and more prominent?  
My next question is to Pravin Sir, firstly, all the best for your future endeavor, Sir. While talking 
about the third quarter, has now October November and December quarter historically said to 
be a weak quarter but this outsourcing, I mean onshoring becoming less and less relevant and 
also with work from home becoming more prominent can we say that this October, November 
December quarter becoming seasonally weak, is now a thing of the past? or how do you see 
the initial traction in this quarter? 
Salil Parekh 
Let me start with the view on gain sharing and different elements of pricing. Today in the 
market, we do not see that much difference let us say from the last few quarters in that specific 
area, there is always discussions with clients. A small percentage of clients which relate to gain 
sharing whether it is on value in the transformation or on cost in terms of reduction, but it is 
not a large percentage of our clients and usually these sort of things are range-bound because 
there is some possibility of upsides that is usually capped if we ever enter those sorts of things. 
But there has been no big change that we have seen suddenly it has increased the gain sharing 
or it has gone away, a small percentage we always have that discussion with. 
Pravin Rao 
In terms of Q3, in some sense you are absolutely right, it is probably not right to compare with 
what we have historically seen because of the pent-up demand and ramp-ups that are happening 
maybe this Q3 may be different from the previous historical Q3 that we have seen in the past. 
Having said that, there is this element of furlough, we have to wait and watch because in the 

29 
 
past as well as that has less to do with demand and more to do with the holiday season. We do 
not have a view on that at this stage, there may be that element of it, but in general, I think you 
are right, maybe at least this year it will probably be fundamentally different from what we 
have seen in the past. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Bismah Malik from Business Today. Bishma joins us on 
audio. 
Bismah Malik 
Good evening gentlemen. Congratulations on a very good quarter. I wanted to ask Mr. Parekh 
on the large deal signings, it has been fairly a good quarter at over $2 bn value for the large 
deal signings, but from here wanted to understand whether the momentum for these kinds of 
deals is going to continue especially with markets opening up and digitization spends as per 
analysts may go down especially in the remote work set. The next few questions are on the 
hiring front whether the cost of talent acquisition has really gone up considering the kind of 
environment we are in right now and this has impacted your margins so far? Also, if you could 
give any indicative figures on what will be the percentage of lateral hires for the rest of the 
financial year? Again, one more important question on the return-to-work front, that some 
employees had reached out to us from the other organizations saying that they have been asked 
to report to their office locations from their hometowns, they have been asked to migrate back. 
So, what kind of targets has Infosys set, on return to work say by this year-end? And also, about 
your hiring plans in the global markets like Canada of course you have set up a digitization 
development center and another such market like the US. So, what are your plans there in the 
global markets on the hiring front? That would be it. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the questions. Let me start on the large deals. The question you asked about what 
is the type of evolution of that. My own sense, which I have shared before is we see our pipeline 
of large deals very strong. We see the digital transformation work is still something that clients 
are looking at. We did, in this quarter sign 22 large deals, which is deals above $50 mn and we 

30 
 
see that clients are looking at us because we are well-positioned in these areas and capabilities 
to help them with their digital transformation. Yes there is changes in the environment with the 
initial focus on work from home and so on globally, but there is still a tremendous amount of 
work that needs to be done for large enterprises as they become much more online and digital 
not just with their employees, but their own customers, the way they are connecting with their 
suppliers, the way they want to scale their business and there is also a tremendous amount of 
work on the cloud that many of these companies are driving through. So, at this stage, we see 
a good pipeline for that and good traction for the large deals. 
Pravin Rao 
On the return to work front, basically from our perspective, we are giving flexibility to people. 
Today more than 50% of the people are in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities where we do not have any 
development centers and we are asking them to return to work. Obviously, we are giving them 
the flexibility to go to any nearest DCs where they are required to work, but as I said earlier at 
this stage it is purely voluntary. We are not really forcing anyone to come back to work. The 
situation will evolve, and one size does not fit all, there is a dependency on the nature of project, 
there is a dependency on client requirements, sometimes there is a regulatory requirement as 
well, so all these factors really come into play in terms of location where we are expecting 
people to work. So, from our perspective, the only thing that is clear is that future will be hybrid 
where there will be a lot of flexibility for people, but what percentage, who will have to be in 
office, what lifecycle stage of the project everything will depend on the nature of the project, 
client requirements and so on and this space is fast evolving. So, we have a very good 
framework. Our ability to react fast is pretty good. We are confident about it and the framework 
is very flexible. So, we are well prepared for whatever the eventuality is but the situation is still 
unfolding. 
Rishi Basu 
The last question this evening is from Arun Kalyanasundaram from TV9 who joins us on audio. 
Arun Kalyanasundaram 

31 
 
Good evening, Sir. Just got three questions. Could we get some idea about what is happening 
as far as that particular project was concerned, the IT portal project, by when do you expect it 
to be formally completed? The second question is whether any payment has been received on 
that particular contract and there has been some speculations doing the round suggesting that 
there could be some kind of a penalty clause being imposed, so could you throw some light on 
that? And the last one is relating to these large deals. Recently, we did come across the situation 
where the market regulator, he clamped down because of certain unsavory incidents which took 
place where information relating to large client deals was shared with perhaps rivals, and that 
lead to a situation where it gave an indication that perhaps things were a little bit porous. So, 
what have you done in terms of stepping up the vigil and ensuring that matters in terms of 
pricing and how you put through your bids, etc., that does not go out and it is not shared, and 
people do not stand to make money out of that and bring some kind of a bad image or name for 
the institution? Thanks. 
Pravin Rao 
On the income tax project, as we have said earlier, we have seen significant progress. All the 
income tax return forms are already available. Majority of the critical forms are also available. 
We are continuously working on improving the user experience by working with the 
stakeholders. There are still some pending functionalities which are available in the earlier 
portals that we are working on to expeditiously deliver. There is also some new functionality 
which was not available in the earlier portal that will take after we have completed whatever is 
available on the current portal. So, this continues to be a top priority for us, and we will ensure 
that we are able to deliver and meet the expectations in a short period of time. In terms of 
payment or penalties, we typically do not comment on these matters on any specific client, so 
we would not like to comment on this. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Like I said, this was a matter against a former employee named by SEBI and the company is 
not party to the matter and we have a very strong code of conduct relating to all this and the 
investigation is in progress, as required.  
Rishi Basu 

32 
 
Thank you. With that, we come to an end of this Q&A. We thank our friends from media for 
being part of this press conference. Thank you, Salil, Pravin, and Nilanjan for being here today. 
Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be 
available on the Infosys website and on our YouTube channel later today. We request our on-
ground friends from media to join us for some high tea outside. Thank you once again, have a 
lovely evening. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Infosys Earnings Call 
Q2 FY22 
October 13, 2021 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA R T I C I PA N T S : 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Pravin Rao 
Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations 
 
 
A N A LY S T S 
 
Ankur Rudra 
JP Morgan 
 
Moshe Katri 
Wedbush 
 
Diviya Nagarajan 
UBS 
 
Sandip Agarwal 
Edelweiss 
 
Pankaj Kapoor 
CLSA 
 
James Friedman 
Susquehanna 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
ICICI Securities 
 

2 
 
Keith Bachman 
BMO Capital Markets 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Kotak 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 

3 
 
 Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thanks Margreth. Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q2 FY22 
Earnings Release. I am Sandeep from the investor relations team in Bengaluru. 
Joining us today on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; COO, Mr. Pravin Rao; CFO, 
Mr. Nilanjan Roy, along with other members of the senior management team. 
We will start the call with some color on the performance of the company by Salil, Pravin 
and Nilanjan, before we open the call for questions. 
Please note that anything which we say, that refers to our outlook for the future, is a forward-
looking statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A 
complete statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, 
which can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep.  
Good evening, good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you for joining us today. I trust 
each of you and your families are safe and healthy. 

4 
 
I am delighted to share with you that we had another exceptional quarter with increased 
market share gain and demonstrating more and more trust that our clients are placing with us 
and the strength of our digital and cloud capabilities. Our growth was 19.4% YoY and 6.3% 
QoQ in constant currency terms.  
I would like to thank the entire 280,000 employees of Infosys for their incredible dedication 
and world class skills that made the work we do for our clients so impactful.  
Our YoY growth was the fastest we have seen in 11 years and built on the quarter that was a 
growth quarter this time last year.  
Our growth has been accompanied by resilient operating margins at 23.6%. We delivered 
these margins while we kept in the forefront our focus on employees with increased 
compensation and benefits.  
Our digital business grew by 42% and is now 56% of our overall revenues. Within digital, 
our cloud work is growing even faster, and our Cobalt cloud capabilities are resonating 
tremendously with our clients. 
We are working with a large global company, for example, on their private cloud 
deployment. We are working with a large bank on their public cloud expansion. We are 
working with several of our clients on SaaS transformations, and cloud-native developments.  
Some of the other highlights of our results are,  
- 
Revenues were $3.998 bn, which is a growth of 19.4% YoY and 6.3% sequentially in 
constant currency 
- 
Our digital business grew by 42.4% YoY and now constitutes 56.1% of our overall 
revenues.  
- 
We had broad-based growth across all our sectors and service lines. All our sectors 
reported double-digit growth.  
- 
Financial Services grew by 20.5%. This is our largest sector and growing 
exceptionally well. Manufacturing grew at 42.5%, Retail by 17.2%, Life Sciences by 
26.1%.  
- 
In terms of geography, North America grew by 23.1%, Europe by 19.6%.  

5 
 
- 
Our large deals were strong at $2.15 bn.  
- 
Our onsite mix moved to 23.6% and our utilization to 89.3%  
- 
Operating margins were resilient at 23.6%. 
- 
Free cash flow was strong at $712 mn.  
- 
Our attrition moved up to 20.1% and we will talk a little bit more about that later in 
the call with Pravin.  
- 
We had a net headcount increase of 11,664, attracting leading talent from the market. 
We remain comfortable with our ability to support our clients in their digital 
transformation journeys.  
We are rapidly expanding our global talent pool and increased our college graduates hiring to 
45,000 for this year. Last quarter, we had this number at 35,000 people. 
I am also delighted with our increased focus on ESG. As many of you know, we have already 
been carbon-neutral since 2020. Our ambition for 2030 is well articulated and we are building 
on the momentum to create impact. We are accelerating our growth with the launch of 
Infosys Springboard, to bring digital skills to millions of students.  
With a strong start to the financial year, good deal momentum in Q2, robust pipeline, we are 
increasing our annual revenue growth guidance which was at 14% to 16% previously, to 
16.5% to 17.5% growth in constant currency. Our operating margin guidance remains the 
same at 22% to 24%. 
We have a very special moment in this quarter, which will be Pravin's last full quarter before 
he retires, after an incredible journey of 35 years with Infosys. Pravin's contributions to the 
company are innumerable. We will, and in fact, I will personally miss his tremendous depth 
of knowledge of the business and his contagious sense of humor. My best wishes to Pravin in 
all his future plans. We will announce our future structure in the coming weeks, well before 
Pravin steps down. 
With that note, let me hand it to Pravin for his updates. 
 
 

6 
 
Pravin Rao 
Thank you, Salil. Hello, everyone. Hope you and your family are doing good, safe, and 
healthy. 
Growth acceleration continued in Q2 with YoY constant currency growth at 19.4%. Q2 
witnessed broad-based double-digit growth across all business segments and both North 
America and Europe.  
Operating parameters continued to improve further: 
- 
Utilization improved to a new all-time high of 89.2% 
- 
Onsite effort mix reduced further to a new low of 23.6% 
We won 22 large deals of over $50 mn totaling $2.2 bn TCV, 5 each in Financial Services 
and Energy, Utility, Resources and Services; 3 each in Retail and Manufacturing; 2 each in 
Communication and HiTech; and 1 each in Life Sciences and Others segments. Region wise 
15 were from Americas, 6 were from Europe, and 1 from the Rest of the World. The share of 
the new deals in Q2 was 37%.  
Client metrics improved with over $100 mn client count increasing to 35, an increase of 5 
YoY. We added 117 new clients in the last quarter.  
Voluntary last 12-months attrition increased to 20.1%. While attrition has increased on the 
back of high industry growth and supply tightness, especially in the niche skill areas, we 
continue to fulfill client commitments through increased hiring, talent reskilling and higher 
usage of subcons. We have stepped up our hiring program and have added more than 11,600 
talent employees on a net basis, highest ever in a single quarter. In H1 we on-boarded over 
25,000 college graduates and for the full year, we have increased the college graduate hiring 
target to 45,000 globally.  
The vaccination drive for our employees and their dependents across locations continued 
unabated. Currently, over 86% Infoscions have received at least one dose of vaccine. 
Moving to business segments:  

7 
 
Starting with Financial Services, I am happy to share that in the last quarter, Infosys was 
ranked #1 by HFS in the Banking and Financial Services Providers' top 10, 2021. As you are 
aware our YoY growth was over 20% on constant currency basis this quarter and this 
industry-leading growth has sustained over the past several quarters. We are seeing strong 
demand and momentum across all regions. North America, however, continues to lead 
growth as we execute on large transformation programs and win market share. Banks are 
increasingly focusing on virtual branches, improved customer experience through AI and 
analytics, and digital transformation led cost take out agenda. Our focused investments in 
building strong sub-vertical and platforms capabilities in regional banking, retirement 
services, mortgages, asset management, and payments are working as a differentiator in 
winning large deals and digital transformation programs. We are well positioned as full stack 
digital transformation player with combination of our domain plus technology plus operations 
plus digital transformation capabilities.  
Performance of Retail segment remained strong as clients continue to make investments in 
new digital capabilities in commerce, marketing, and supply chain areas. We are seeing focus 
on areas like a digital consumer, analytics, digital promotion, personalization, cybersecurity, 
etc. Our recently launched Equinox platform is seeing significant traction from both our 
existing and prospective clients. We have a strong pipeline and expect steady performance for 
the segment in the coming quarters.  
Communication segment performance improved meaningfully on both sequential and YoY 
basis on the back of ramp up earlier deal wins. We are witnessing increasing momentum for 
capex roll-out for 5G deployment across regions. Our 5G living labs, with its capabilities and 
the promise of future innovations, is a key differentiator in the 5G space for the CSPs and 
OEMs. 
Energy, Utility, Resources and Services vertical growth accelerated further with continued 
large deal wins. Clients in various subsegments are seeing return to normalcy and are 
prioritizing projects around cloud transformation, customer experience, data analytics, 
automation, cybersecurity, etc. In Energy, we have made good progress in developing the 
integrated ‘energy as a service’ solution, which aims to enable clients to access reliable low-
carbon energy, use energy more efficiently and to optimize supply and demand across 
multiple users and assets without having to invest in additional energy infrastructure. 

8 
 
Growth in the Manufacturing segment accelerated significantly, with the Daimler deal 
starting to ramp up. Growth in the last quarter was broad-based across Europe and the U.S., 
as well as across industrial, automotive, and aerospace industries. We are seeing traction in 
engineering, IoT, supply chain, cloud ERP, digital transformation, and cloud migration areas. 
The pipeline continues to be strong, and this provides the confidence that growth in 
manufacturing for Infosys will continue to be market-leading.  
Infosys BPM performance remained stable as most of the geographies are witnessing a slow 
return to normalcy. We see a good deal pipeline with a healthy share of digital deals.  
Share of digital to overall revenues, increased further to 56.1% in Q2, with a continued strong 
growth of 42.4% YoY in constant currency terms. We continue to see a big focus on digital 
transformation, especially around cloud, commerce, and employee experience as customers 
adjust to the permanent changes in both shopping habits and hybrid working. Cost takeouts 
has been surpassed by the improvement of digital experiences that increase sales and drive 
customer or employee loyalty. 
In the last quarter, we have been ranked as leader in nine digital services-related capabilities 
in the areas of cloud services, experience and design, big data and analytics, IoT and 
engineering, modernization and artificial intelligence. 
To conclude, I want to thank you for the wholehearted support and wishes that you have 
extended to Infosys over the years. Personally, I have thoroughly enjoyed the discussions 
with you and felt enriched from your insights. I wish you good health and success in your 
future endeavors.  
With that, I will hand it over to Nilanjan. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks, Pravin. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. Hope all of you and your 
families are safe and well. 
Revenue growth accelerated further in Q2 on the back of a very strong Q1. We had strong 
double-digit growth in all the business segments led by Manufacturing and Financial 

9 
 
Services, which grew at 42.5% and 20.5%, respectively YoY in constant currency. Our 
largest geography, North America, also grew YoY at 23.1% in constant currency. 
Consequently, constant currency YoY growth increased to 19.4%, which is the highest 
growth in any quarter in the last 11 years. Sequential growth in Q2 also saw an acceleration 
to 6.3% in constant currency, which is the highest sequential revenue growth in any quarter in 
the last 6 years. 
Q2 margin remained resilient at 23.6% despite headwinds from salary increases for most of 
our employees, higher subcon costs and supply side challenges which were largely offset by 
improvements in operational parameters and scale benefits resulting from growth.  
The major components of the sequential margin movement are as follows:  
- 
1.1% impact to the comp hikes given, effective July, to most of our employee base; 
- 
0.5% increase in subcon costs,  
These were offset by:  
- 
80 basis point benefit due to cost optimization and improvement in operating 
parameter,  
- 
a 50 basis points due to SG&A scale benefits, and  
- 
a 30 basis points benefit due to rupee and cross currency movement,  
Overall leading to a 10 basis points drop in sequential operating margins. 
Q2 EPS grew by 13% in dollar terms and 12.7% in rupee terms on a YoY basis.  
DSOs stood at 66 days, an improvement of four days versus the last quarter on the back of 
robust collection.  
Free cash flow for the quarter was healthy at $712 mn and as a percentage of net profit, was 
97.1% for Q2 and 109.5% for H1.  
Yield on cash balance was 5.1% compared to 4.9% in Q1. 
We have completed the buyback of Rs. 9,200 crores on September 8 at an average price of 
approximately Rs.1,649 per share compared to a maximum buyback price of Rs.1,750 per 
share, leading to a 1.31% reduction in share capital. With this, the company has returned 

10 
 
approximately 82% of the free cash flow for FY20 and FY21 through dividends and 
buybacks, close to the 85% stated in our five-year capital allocation policy.  
Even after the capital return, we continue to maintain a strong debt-free and liquid balance 
sheet. Consolidated cash and investments at the end of the last quarter was $4.42 bn. 
Return on equity increased further to 29.8%, an improvement of 3.1% over Q2 last year, 
driven by consistent performance and increased capital returns.  
The Board has also announced an interim dividend of Rs.15 per share, an increase of 25% 
over prior year interim dividend and equal to the final dividend of prior year. 
We see a robust demand environment, coupled with tightness in the supply side, which will 
result in higher recruitment, compensation and retention costs in the near future, along with 
seasonal headwinds relating to furloughs. However, we remain confident of our ability to 
partially offset some of these cost headwinds through the structural cost efficiency 
improvement measures and deliver well within our margin guidance for the year.  
With a strong H1 and a robust deal pipeline, we are increasing our revenue growth guidance 
for the year to 16.5% to 17.5% from 14% to 16% previously. We reiterate our operating 
margin guidance of 22% to 24% for the full year. 
With that, we can open the call for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Pravin best wishes for the future and congratulations on completing a great innings on a high. 
Overall, clearly, very good results, it is nice to see the margin execution and the guidance 
upgrade. To start off with Salil, if you could give us a sense about how you feel about 
demand visibility given where you see the increasing guidance, but we continue to see a drop 
in the large deals size. So how do we think about that? 

11 
 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Ankur, this is Salil. In terms of demand, we continue to see a good pipeline in terms 
of large deals. We are participating more in areas which relate to digital transformation, 
which relate to cloud work, which relate to data and analytics work. We see this across all 
industries and we see that large enterprises are accelerating their spend. Their trust in us is 
strong because of the capabilities we have built. 
So, the demand from that piece, which is the large deals, is looking good. Then there is the 
demand which is from our existing client base, where we are seeing a tremendous expansion 
in all of our large clients. Some of the stats on this are the number of clients over $100 mn 
and number of clients over $50 mn, both of which are expanding QoQ and as you look back 
to this time last year, YoY. 
With that, we feel good today to increase the revenue growth guidance and that is the clearest 
indication that the demand is looking quite good right now. So overall, we are still in a good 
shape with the demand and feeling quite confident with the way we have increased the 
guidance. 
Ankur Rudra 
Just a one thing on the talent supply side, how do you feel about the ability to meet with this 
continued strong demand? Maybe a comment on the graduate on-boarding, for example, have 
you been, able to reduce the time taken to billing from on-boarding for that part of the 
supply? 
Pravin Rao 
If you remember last quarter we had talked about 35,000 campus hires this year, but based on 
the demand outlook and increased attrition, we were able to quickly ramp up to 45,000 for 
this year. In fact this quarter, we added about 15,000 campus recruits, which was probably 
the highest ever in Infosys history. 
So today, we have the ability to recruit campus hires because of the investments we have 
made in assessment platforms, the InfyTQ and another thing which allows us to access talent 

12 
 
anywhere in India or even globally for that matter and the turnaround time is much faster. So, 
we are pretty confident and if there is a need to revise it further based on our needs, we are 
more than equipped to deal with it. 
Ankur Rudra 
Understood and just a last question on margins, Nilanjan, clearly very good execution this 
time. In terms of the headwinds and the tailwinds you see for us now, would it be fair to 
assume the headwinds are behind us? And could you also comment about why not narrow the 
margin band, while the revenue band has been narrowed? 
Nilanjan Roy 
As we have talked about, we have done this compensation hike in Q2 and we will continue 
doing what is necessary, and in fact, Pravin also mentioned in Q3 we have also rolled out 
skill-based plans. Also, the cost of hiring is going up so we will see some headwinds along 
with the seasonal headwinds of furloughs and working days in the near future. But overall, I 
think for the margin guidance perspective, we are quite comfortable to stay within the 22% to 
24%. And historically, as we have seen we have never changed the margin guidance. This is 
more of an operating band we are comfortable to be in. So, we do not narrow that down 
historically. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush. Please go 
ahead. 
Moshe Katri 
Congrats on strong results and Pravin, we are going to miss you. It has been a great 
experience working with you and best of luck. Two questions, one can you talk a bit about 
what we are doing to contain the attrition rates that have been pretty high. Maybe there is a 
way to also break down attrition by voluntary and involuntary? The other question is more 
broad-based. Salil, looking at the budget cycle for calendar 2022, maybe it is a bit too early, 
but are you getting any specific indications about budgets for next year? And in that context, 

13 
 
the strong growth that we are seeing this year, do we feel that this is still part of that multi-
year spending cycle that the entry has been talking about for a couple of quarters? Thanks a 
lot. 
Pravin Rao 
Thank you very much for the wishes. From a voluntary attrition perspective, as we mentioned 
on an LTM basis, it increased to 20.1%. Most of the attrition has been for people in lower 
JL’s between 3 to 6 years of experience and this has been the trend in this industry. Because 
in this experience levels, people are still not emotionally connected with the company and 
sometimes, it is easier to move around and that is what we are seeing this time around as 
well. 
As I mentioned earlier that this is because of unprecedented demand, as well as the in some 
geographies we have also seen lack of talent mobility that has also fueled attrition in some of 
the countries. Obviously, we expect this to perhaps continue for a couple of quarters or so, 
but once we have more talent available in the system this should ease and get back to the 
earlier levels. But having said that, we have done significant interventions to contain this. We 
have had two rounds of compensation reviews, skill-based correction for high demand skills, 
targeted retention for new skills, a higher number of promotions, and so on. We are also 
focused a lot on mobility of people, we have hired a lot of IJPs, we have focused a lot on 
employee engagement, over close to 5,000 employee connect sessions, a lot of focus on 
career development, continuous learning. We have introduced new career paths like digital 
specialists, we have BITS programs, and we also launched several wellness initiatives as 
well. And as we talk, we are also ramping up our entry-level, hiring in an aggressive way so 
that we are able to meet some of the demands that are out there. In the long term, we are also 
taking a fresh look at the talent strategy approach. This is not only due to the current high 
attrition, but also our belief is that there will be fundamental shifts in employee thinking 
behavior in the post-COVID world. And that means you have to relook at the employee value 
proposition and fine-tune that. So that is something we have started taking a hard look at. 
That is from an attrition and talent perspective.  
In terms of the budgets, I think in the current context, budgets are no longer relevant, in that 
sense, because there is a lot of pent-up demand; and at least this will continue for a few 

14 
 
quarters, if not years. And there are various reports that talk about tech intensity increasing 
from 3 to 5 impact. One of the Gartner reports talked about the kind of spend in the next 2 to 
3 years, one can probably go back to 2010 to see that kind of demand. In that context, my 
own sense is while budget, maybe, an operational thing that people will actually do that, but 
it may not have relevance because there is enough and more demand at least for the next few 
quarters. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Diviya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go 
ahead. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on a strong execution in the quarter. Just a 
couple of questions from my end, could you talk about the puts and the takes that you had for 
margins this quarter, I believe there are some headwinds as well. So, run us through how you 
have managed to maintain margins in terms of the percentage, that is question number 1? 
Nilanjan Roy 
I think with my opening remarks it was quite straightforward in the margin walk. The 
compensation hike which was broad-based across, this is sequentially, that was 1.1%, impact, 
we had a 50 basis points hit on subcon, we have seen subcon cost going up due to higher 
fulfillment. These were offset by about 80 basis points due to cost optimization and other 
operating parameters, 50 basis points on scale benefits on SG&A and finally, a 30-basis 
points benefit on rupee and cross-currency movements. I think the comp-hikes and subcons 
were negated by cost optimization and scale benefits. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
I think, Pravin, you talked about the Daimler contract having started to ramp up this quarter. 
Could you give us some sense on how many months or weeks of revenue contribution came 
in from that, and was there any impact at all from that contract on margins? Were there any 

15 
 
pass-through revenues or anything that is yet to come or how should we think about that 
going forward? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Of course, Daimler has kicked in during the quarter, and its impact like I said you can see in 
Manufacturing. But even if you strip that out – we cannot give the numbers – we can see 
broad-based growth across all sectors, both on a sequential and a YoY basis. So, like I said 
earlier, it is more than icing on the cake rather than impacting the underlying growth. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
My last question is, how should we think about seasonality going into December and March? 
Should we expect normal seasonality as your guidance seems to suggest that you are looking 
up a fair amount of seasonal slowdown coming in at the top end as well. Is that something 
that is driven by holidays or do you think that is a normalization of demand that is coming in 
as well? 
Salil Parekh 
There is always seasonality that you referenced, which I know you are aware of in Q3 and 
Q4. Especially in Q3, we will typically see some level of furloughs and typically, at least at 
Infosys, our Q4 trend down historically. Having said that, the demand environment today 
looks extremely strong. So, we have tried to balance those two things, in increasing our 
guidance significantly from 14%, 16% to 16.5% to 17.5%; yet making sure that we add 
everything that we know of today to deliver to that high level of growth. So, we will see some 
seasonality but there is a good overall demand outlook as well. 
Diviya Nagarajan 
Thanks for taking my question. Pravin, it has been a pleasure working with you. Hope to stay 
in touch. And I will come back in the queue if there is time. Thank you. 
 Moderator 

16 
 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Sandip Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandip Agarwal 
Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulation on a great set of numbers and 
best of luck Pravin for your great stint and ahead. I have only one question, now Salil, if you 
see our composition of business, we have more than half of the business coming in from 
digital and the way the growth is coming in, it looks like the next couple of years we will be 
probably three-fourth of digital. So my question is in the next couple of years does that not 
mean that structurally the industry is moving towards high-growth, if we see it from a longer-
term perspective, or do you think that will be some saturation also in the digital growth, 
which we may see after a couple of years, any thought on that front? 
Salil Parekh 
In terms of what we are seeing with clients today, the capabilities that we have built out, for 
example, Cobalt, we have also launched and announced other capability called Equinox, 
which is relating more to everything which is online in the e-commerce space,  other areas of 
digital where we have invested and scaled up over the past few years, in those areas we are 
seeing the demand very strong in today. It is difficult to say in that two-year horizon that you 
are mentioning. Our growth guidance really is for this year where we have expanded it, but 
everything would indicate to me that this scaling up, this digital work transformation is 
something which is ongoing. And many large enterprises are at the early stages of their 
digital and cloud journey. So, I do not get the sense that we are in the late stage, but in terms 
of really the guidance, we are focused on this year. But overall, I am quite optimistic that this 
is a good place to be in terms of the future. 
Sandip Agarwal 
Thanks a lot. That is all from my side and best of luck for the current quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator 

17 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Thanks for the opportunity. Pravin, this increase in the fresher intake to 45,000 is this a one-
time because of the current situation or you think there is a structural shift in the way we are 
going to hire? If you can give some sense of what kind of plans you have for offers in next 
year? 
Pravin Rao 
It is obviously based on the current demand outlook that we are seeing and high attrition. It is 
too early to comment whether this will be a structural shift. But if whatever we are seeing and 
hearing, if this demand continues for the next several quarters, then given the shortage of 
talent you will probably see a higher number of such fresher recruitment globally. It is a bit 
early to think about next year, but at this stage, we believe that it will be on similar lines that 
we have recruited this year but we will take a look at it on a QoQ basis. And as I mentioned 
earlier, to one of the questions, today, our ability to recruit on a dynamic basis is much 
higher, given the virtual ways, our investment in platform, ability to assess candidates all 
through the year through the online platform etc. So, we will take look at it. So, at this stage 
our sense is, next year also would be on similar lines, but it is difficult to comment beyond 
that. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Salil my question was also on the renewal that we have been seeing which have been 
obviously pretty dominating in the last 2, 3 quarters. Our new deal wins seem to be just 
around less than 40% of the total large deal wins. Any sense in terms of what could be the 
reason behind it? Are you seeing fewer number of those mega contracts which were there, 
say 4 quarters back, are clients taking slightly longer-term in time to decide on them, or are 
you seeing them getting restructured more into smaller contracts? 
Salil Parekh 

18 
 
The way we look at it, is first, where we have an existing relationship and long-term work, 
we are very clear that we want to make sure that the clients trust in us, gives us a longer stay, 
extension and typically some level of expansion. And that is why it is more critical for us to 
need to look at the renewals in absolute value because that is depending on when those 
contracts come up; we want to make sure that that continues. 
In terms of the new work, what we are seeing, as Pravin shared earlier, we had 22 large deals. 
Large deals, for us being deals over $50 mn in the quarter and that number is robust when we 
compare the number for H1 versus last H1, that is very robust. The one distinction is a mega-
deal that we had last year in this quarter. Those things in terms of mega-deals are things 
which are difficult to predict which quarter they will show up in. 
In our pipeline, we have a good representation of those. Overall, the pipeline is quite strong. 
So, at this stage, given all of those things, we have chosen to increase our guidance and 
therefore remain quite positive on the outlook that is there for our businesses. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Understood. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please 
go ahead. 
James Friedman 
Hi, and let me echo the congratulations Pravin, I have learned a lot from you over the years 
and I appreciate it. I know you keep getting asked about this, but we do too. Any sense at this 
point when or if you would see stabilization in the attrition at the industry level? And where 
is the industry losing the people to? Are they going to tech pure plays, to your customers, to 
captives, we are just wondering about that? Thank you. 
Pravin Rao 

19 
 
I think at this stage, maybe in the next 2 to 3 quarters, perhaps the attrition will stabilize given 
such influx of talent. The demand is far outstripping talent supply that is available even 
globally, and that is why we are seeing this phenomenon not only with us, but across the 
industry, and we have seen this even in other industries as well. In terms of where they are 
going, it is a common thing, right? Typically, we lose people to competition and we also 
recruit from competition, so that is one part. But again, we are also losing people to captives, 
some of the hyperscalers have also started recruiting, and of course, in India startups now 
again have become very attractive with a lot of Unicorns and so on. That is a combination of 
things and I think the only way it can stabilize is to influx more talent into the mix, and that 
we believe probably in the next two to three quarters, will happen and with aggressive 
reskilling and we should be able to bring it back under control. 
James Friedman 
Thank you, Pravin, all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Good evening gentlemen. Thanks for giving me this opportunity and congrats on a good 
quarter. Firstly, Nilanjan on the effort mix, onsite-offshore, I am curious as to why has the 
onsite share of effort come down in this quarter, despite the Daimler deal ramp up and in the 
initial phases I would have expected that the ramp-up would show us a higher share of onsite, 
that is number 1. And then a little bit of travel has also opened up but not completely. So, 
despite these two reasons I believe you are able to show a higher offshore effort, in this 
quarter. Any sense on what might be driving that? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, like I said, Daimler is not just one contract we have. It is a large business which we run 
and we also had Daimler ramp-up in the last quarter, it is not suddenly that everybody is 

20 
 
onsite on one day. So, you would see these blips on onsite-offshore mix and last quarter it 
was flatter but now you have seen movement. But I think more importantly to see secular 
trend, like I said, this demand is at a global level. I think where it is going to really sustain 
from? In the long run it is going to be from talent here, because that is quantity and scale, and 
digitally skilled talent is largely available in India. So, while we continue to hire locally in 
large numbers. In our localization, the U.S. has already reached 70%. We announced more 
than 10,000 additional hires over 2 years. But despite that, you will see the volume growth 
and the mix within that if you continue to technically move towards more offshore. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Pravin, my second question, if you actually look at the experience bucket you spoke about 
where we had seen the highest attrition, which is in the 2 to 6-year bucket. So, at this level or 
perhaps at the entry-level if we had seen, the last 10 years, industry has not seen much of 
salary revisions. On a real rupee basis, if you see, perhaps it would have been in the negative 
territory. I am not talking just about Infosys, but for the entire industry. Now given the kind 
of demand we are seeing for this experience bucket, can we expect some sort of a structural 
increase in the salary levels, which can have a longer-term impact on margins, let us say 1 or 
2 years down the line, when the demand might not be as robust as it is today? 
Pravin Rao 
When companies recruit people at entry levels, we have to also invest a lot in training and 
enabling them. They take a while before they become productive, but as they move up the 
system, their salaries increase dramatically. So, for the people between 2-6 years of 
experience who are quitting, they would have got a good salary along the way as well. So, I 
do not see the entry-level salary dramatically changing in any way. There will be some 
corrections here and there. But at the same time, at least from our perspective we have also 
started differentiating at entry level itself. We have created two set of streams, one called 
Power Programmers and other one is called Digital Specialists; and in these streams, we are 
recruiting them at a much higher compensation. And there is a very stringent criteria for 
selecting these candidates based on their background as well as passing a couple of tests. If 
people are able to pass that then we recruit them in these two streams at a much higher 
compensation. Because at the entry-level, we are recruiting at scale, right? But within that we 

21 
 
are trying to differentiate, and where we feel that people come with very strong skills 
capabilities and they can be deployed immediately, we are looking at the different 
compensation rates. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Thanks, Pravin. As always, interactions with you have always been very insightful. Congrats 
and all the best for your future endeavors. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Hi, thank you very much. I wanted to also ask about attrition. You did make the comment 
that you think attrition improves next year, and I do not disagree with you, but I wanted to 
understand your thinking and more specifically, is it because demand slows across the 
industry? And as you referenced, it is an industry issue. And that allows attrition to improve 
or there is some something fundamentally that you think demand can stay at these levels or 
maybe moderate a touch, but you can continue to hire more freshers to meet that. But it is an 
industry problem. Your numbers increased substantially QoQ on attrition. And so just wanted 
to understand a little bit more about, why you think attrition improves, because there is such a 
significant industry problem, not just an Infosys issue. And then I have a follow-up, please. 
Pravin Rao 
We are saying that the attrition will stabilize, primarily because of the influx of talent. The 
demand will continue. In the near future, we are not seeing demand coming down by any 
accounts. But today there is a shortage of talent and particularly in some of the geographies 
because of travel restrictions, we are not even able to deploy people from India in those 
geographies where there is a need. But over a period of time, not only Infosys, but almost 
every company, many of our peers have also started announcing, talking about aggressive 
hiring from campuses, right? So that will result in higher availability of talent. And once we 

22 
 
can hire this talent and skill them appropriately, they will then be available to be deployed 
and to meet the demand and that is when we expect the attrition to come down. Right now, 
the demand far outstrips the supply and that is where the challenges is. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. Do you think this suggests a different headcount management strategy? In other words, 
do you think you need to diversify? Because it sounds like the problem is much more 
significant in India versus other markets does this, you think, suggest a broadening of your 
reach in terms of supply capabilities, in Eastern Europe or otherwise? Does it suggest a 
different strategy on managing your headcount? 
Pravin Rao 
There are a couple of things. One is, of course, in terms of talent availability, in terms of scale 
and quantity I do not think any other country can match that. So, from that extent, most of the 
noise and other things you are hearing are in India only. So that is one part of it, because I do 
not see any other country being able to provide such kind of talent with scale. So that is why 
we are seeing higher number. And the second one is, this is an unusual phenomenon. We 
have not seen this kind of war for talent for a long period of time and as I myself have been in 
the industry for over 35 years, I cannot think of a time when we have seen this kind of 
situation. When we talk to people them when they are leaving, most of them are 
complimentary about Infosys, they talk highly about the culture, the kind of training, kind of 
opportunities they get and other things. But they are also saying, at the same time, the kind of 
compensation they are being offered is significantly higher. So today, despite all the HR 
interventions and other things, compensation seems to be a very big criteria and particularly 
for some of the companies who are just scaling up or who are setting up centers here, there 
are no options but to go aggressive on compensation to attract and get the talent. So, I would 
say that is the reason. And this is an unusual thing where some of your normal HR levers do 
not seem to work and people do acknowledge that they are happy otherwise, but the kind of 
offers they are getting is too attractive for them to refuse. These are all junior people, they are 
not emotionally fully connected with the company, whereas at the mid-level and senior-level, 
they are much more connected with the company. They understand the culture, they 

23 
 
understand the industry and other things. So there, some of the HR practices work better. But 
at the junior level, while we try, what is out there is attractive and that becomes a challenge. 
Keith Bachman 
You mentioned a number of times that you do not see attrition improving over the next 
couple of quarters. But does your reported number get worse over the next couple of quarters 
just so we can manage investor expectations? 
Pravin Rao 
It will probably take a couple of quarters before attrition easing, because you have to onboard 
supply, you have to skill them, train them. So that will take some time before supply is 
available to be deployed in projects. So that is the time that will take before attrition eases. 
That is what I meant.  
Keith Bachman 
Does your reported attrition number get worse in, than the December and March quarters? 
Can attrition get worse before it gets better? 
Pravin Rao 
We hope that is not the case, but it is difficult to predict. But as I said earlier, so far we have 
been able to manage all the client expectations through hiring, through reskilling and through 
usage of subcontractors. So, at this stage, we are comfortable to meet all our planned 
commitments. 
Keith Bachman 
Many thanks and congratulations on solid results. 
 
Moderator 

24 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Pravin, I have learnt a lot from you and let us hope you stay in touch. I have a couple of 
questions, one for Pravin and one for Nilanjan. Nilanjan, for you the question is that you 
mentioned that the impact of wage increase is approximately 110 basis points and if I just do 
the back of the envelope math, your offshore wages, that percentage of revenue is 20%. So 
that equates to just a 5% wage increase effectively. Is that sufficient in the current 
environment? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Couple of things, one is, of course, there were onsite and offshore both. There is a mix of that 
and it is only up to JL6’s. So, we planned for the senior and title holders in October. Also 
from October, we are rolling out more skill-based intervention compensation changes. So, as 
you know, this is something we did in January, then we have done something in July. And 
like I said, we are going to do something in October as well, not at the same level, but like I 
said, we need to do whatever is required to a) keep key talent back, and b) hire laterals as 
well, because as Pravin mentioned, even the cost of lateral goes up. I mean the churn is 
rotational in the industry. It is a zero-sum game; somebody else’s lateral is somebody else’s 
churn. So, we will do whatever is required to even onboard lateral and freshers. But at the end 
of the day, I think from an industry perspective, it is only once the freshers come in, can you 
really start seeing this thing really easing up. But we are quite comfortable in that sense in 
terms of our guidance, in terms of fulfilling what the clients are asking for and one of the 
ways is, of course, the subcon increase is not the best from a margin perspective, but you 
have seen our stats on subcon slightly going up just to fulfill that gap. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
What will be the impact of wage revision, let us say, in December because that would be 
rolled out at a senior level? So, the impact of that would be a higher percentage offshore 
overall compensation number. So, what will be the impact of wage revision in December? 

25 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
So, we do not call out, but the overall wage impact of the senior level is definitely lower than 
I mean the headcount is a much, much smaller amount than what we have rolled out. But we 
cannot give a number of what is the margin impact. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
The second question I had is for Pravin. Now, Pravin, we have been wired through your 
performance historically that whenever the attrition rates go up, your utilization rates go 
down. But this time around, they seem to be moving in the same direction, which is rather 
unusual. When do you think that this divergence really starts playing out the way, logically, it 
has done historically? 
Pravin Rao 
I am not sure about the correlation you are talking about because if attrition goes up the 
natural correlation would be utilization also improving, so there is a need to fulfillment, 
right? I mean you are talking about contrary, so I am not sure of the application. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
But the logic is straightforward. Ultimately if the attrition is higher, normally you require 
greater project bench to fulfill customer demand and a high attrition environment also 
indicates a healthy growth environment, again which need a larger bench. So that was the 
logic behind that statement. 
Pravin Rao 
But anyway, in the current situation, there is no supply. As I said, you have to recruit people, 
train them and then deploy, that will take some time. You have to look at your existing 
people, re-skill them and deploy, that is the fastest thing for you to do. That means higher 
utilization and wherever there are gaps, we also look at subcons and we have seen increased 
subcons as well. So, the high utilization is definitely a function of lack of availability of 
talent, and we are recruiting as much as we can to meet the demands of our customers. 

26 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Okay, fantastic. Thanks, and congratulations to all of you for a great quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Hi, congratulations on a great performance and all the best to Pravin. Two questions, the first 
question is to Nilanjan on margins. We just wanted to understand the puts and takes on 
margins in the second half. When we look at the various headwinds, there are continued 
rising attrition rates, higher travel expenses potentially; wage hike for a section of employees, 
full impact of the large deal ramp up, which is likely to take place in 3Q as well. So just 
trying to understand what are the tailwinds that can help to offset some of these impacts and 
keep the margin within the bag? 
Nilanjan Roy 
We are going to have these headwinds, like you said on retention, on hiring, etc. But I think, 
like we demonstrated this quarter as well, we have a very strong cost optimization program 
also ongoing, automation, onsite offshore mix with broad basing of the pyramid, both onsite 
offshore. We are among the few companies who have these global DCs now in the West, 
where we can pump in freshers, right. So, I mean, we would not have had freshers in our 
onsite business, but now we are having more than 3,000-odd freshers a year in the onsite 
locations. So, this also helps in the pyramid. And as you know, 75% of our people cost is 
onsite. So, unless we really address onsite costs, you cannot really make an impact on the 
overall cost structure. So, all this is going on. We are also looking at pricing much more 
holistically at this time, although it is not easy to go and get price hikes just on the basis of a 
rate card. But basically, we are working with our sales force on how to sell on value, how to 
sell on more innovative commercial constructs and the idea is not to leave those cents and 
pennies on the table in this market, be a bit bolder in terms of pricing. But this is a long haul, 
if there is any time to start something on this, it is now. 

27 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
My second question is to Salil with respect to visibility. As we enter calendar 2022, is it fair 
to say that when we entered calendar 2021, the visibility was higher than usual, given the 
large amount of the new deals already in the bag, which may not necessarily be the case as 
we get into the calendar 2022? So, is it fair to say that the visibility will be relatively lower 
than calendar 2021, which was at a high and elevated level? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
I think the way we see our business; we look at it from the financial year perspective. When 
we started this financial year, you will recall the COVID situation was in all the geographies 
and while we had a healthy pipeline because of the digital work, that was always something 
of an overhang that was there. Then you have seen that from our initial guidance, we 
increased the guidance last quarter. We have now further increased the guidance this quarter. 
So, we have extremely good visibility for this financial year with the guidance we have 
given. As we finish Q3 and start to get into Q4, we will start to have a good idea of what the 
following financial year will look like. My own sense is the demand that we have is quite 
comprehensive and that will certainly continue to help us as long as we build out the new 
capabilities well and be part of the clients’ digital and cloud journey. So, the increase in 
guidance gives us more confidence now for this financial year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you, everyone. So, I will just spend a couple of minutes in closing.  
First, we have had the best quarter in terms of growth, 19.4% highest that we have had in 11 
years. So, we are extremely delighted with that outcome. The demand is strong. There are 
multiple components of demand. One is large deals, which is still looking good with the 
pipeline we have, including the $2 bn that we have secured in this quarter. There is a huge 

28 
 
amount of existing client base that we have, where we see incredible demand. This does not 
always come into the large deals bucket. It will be in different sizes, some are large, and some 
are not. But a client that I talked to last week in a meeting with the CIO, we were looking at 
multiple thousand people expansion at a client where we already have an account base of 
over a $100 mn today. Then we see the capability set and the demand in digital and cloud. 
Clients are extremely thrilled with our capabilities and we see good traction in that. 
Second, the operating efficiency is strong. The margin resilience that we talked about; we 
have done really well there. Of course, as Nilanjan mentioned, we do see some additional 
cost that will come; and we are comfortable with our margin guidance that we have given. 
Third, we talked a lot, Pravin gave a lot of detail – we are expanding our supply capacity that 
we are taking in and that is the medium-term play that we have because the demand is long 
term; and we will make sure the supply – with our incredible brand and training will 
continue. 
Fourth, we have increased our guidance. So, we are extremely optimistic and bullish with 
16.5% to 17.5% on growth and overall, I personally remain positive about the future in our 
tech services business growing at 18% today. 
So, thank you everyone for joining us and please stay safe and healthy. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Infosys that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and may now disconnect 
your lines. 
