NA VA BHARA T VENTURES LIMITED 
NA VA BHARAT CHAMBERS, RAJ BHA VAN ROAD, IIVDERABAD-5000S2,TEI ,A\'GANA, 1\'DIA 
NAVA BHARAT 
NBVISECTL/ 48612021-22 
November 16, 2021 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5
111 Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI- 400 051 
NSE Symbol : 'NBVENTURES' 
Dear Sirs, 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: '513023' I 'NBVENTURES' 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with Investors. 
--oOo--
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call with Investors I Analysts held on 
November 9, 2021 on the operational and financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter ended and half year ended September 30,2021. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
for Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Encl: as above. 
Telephone :(040) 23403501, 23403540; Fax: 080 6688 6121 
E-Mail: investorservices@nbv.in Website: www.nbventures.com 
r:nrnnmtP lrlPntitv Nn ·I ?7101T(:;1q7?PI r:nn1,:;4q 

"Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call" 
November 09, 2021 
CAPITAL 
ANALYST: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR- DAM CAPITAL LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT OF NAVA BHARAT VENTURES LTD: 
MR. ASHWIN DEVINENI, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. GRK PRASAD, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. NIKHIL DEVINENI, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
MR. SULTAN A. BAIG, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VSN RAJU, COMPANY SECRETARY AND VICE PRESIDENT 
Page I of II 

Moderator: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
/1/m·u Bhural Jlenture.Y Limited 
Nm•ember 09, 202 J 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Nava Bharat Ventures Limited's Q2 
FY2022 earnings conference call, hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a 
reminder all pat1icipant lines will be in the lesson only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and then 
"0" on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you sir! 
Thank you, Nirav. On behalf of DAM Capital, we welcome you to the Q2 FY2022 
Earnings call for Nava Bharat Ventures Limited. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Ashwin Devineni, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. GRK Prasad, Executive Director, 
Mr. Nikhil Devineni, Senior Vice-President, Mr. Sultan A. Baig, Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. VSN. Raju, Company Secretary and Vice President. We will start with 
opening remark after that we will open the floor for Q&A. Without much ado I hand 
over the floor to Mr. Ashwini Devineni for his opening remarks. 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants. The 
statement of the financial results both on standalone and consolidated basis and a press 
release detailing the operations of the Nava Bharat Ventures Group for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2021 have already been filed with the stock exchanges 
and posted on our website. I hope you have had a look at them and trust that they 
provide adequate information on our performance for the qum1er and half year ended 
on September 30, 2021. 
The quarterly standalone financial performance of Nava Bharat Ventures was 
exceptionally good, delivering an EBITDA of Rs.161 Crores and a profit after tax of 
Rs.l 01 Crores. On the consolidated financials, Nava Bharat Group reported a profit 
before tax and exceptional item of Rs.243 Crores which is up by 59% year-on-year. 
Positive investment outlook following the change in government of Zambia had 
resulted in a sudden and significant hardening of the local currency against the US 
dollar by almost 26%. This has resulted in a notional restatement of tax liabilities 
Page 2 of 11 

Moderatot·: 
Srinivasa Rao: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Modcratot·: 
Hanish Alluri: 
GRK Prasad: 
Nava Bharaf Vcmurcs Limited 
Novcmhcr 09. 2021 
The f(xex change of Rs.189 Crorcs has unfortunately impacted the reported profit a Her 
tax since we follow the lnd-AS standards; however, it must be noted that this has no 
cash impact at MCL and absolutely no impact on the parent Company's financials. 
Trust this addresses the concerns of the investors on the consolidated financial results. 
We will be glad to provide any other clarifications that may be required by the 
investors. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mr. Srinivasa Rao from J-ICG Limited. 
Good evening Sir. Congratulations for a very good set of standalone numbers. My first 
question is on MCL outstanding amount. During the past six months, it has gone up by 
about Rs.195 Crores. What is the way out to get our payment for the power we are 
supplying, and second question is when are we expecting the on arbitration award? 
Thank you Mr. Srinivas Rao. Basically, we have been paid 58% of what we have billed 
them so the outstanding amount currently is at approximately USD 460million. We 
have been in discussions. The outstanding amount is essentially being dealt with the 
arbitration process. So, I do not want to comment on that. In terms of the timelines of 
the arbitration process, I think the Courts will take their time and we hope they will 
make a judgment sooner. With respect to the future tariffs, we have been discussing 
with the power utility there and that is moving forward. The outstanding amount does 
not increase, but one thing I would like to add that the MCL project has no financial 
impact on NBV in terms of the liabilities and debt. Whatever we needed to put in 
financially we have put it in the form of equity and the project finance has been done in 
a non-recourse way. So, in terms of Owings to the lenders or so on Nava Bharat 
Ventures has absolutely no liability. 
The next question is from the line of Hanish All uri, an individual investor. 
My question is regarding the goodwill. There IS a slight mcrease 111 goodwill. Is it 
because of the acquisition of stake in BIPL? 
Page 3 of 11 

Moderator: 
Mohit Kumat·: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Mohit Kumat·: 
Ashwin Devincni: 
The next question is f!·om the line of Mr. Mohit Kumar. 
Nava Bhamt Ventures Limited 
November 09. 2021 
I understand that the arbitration hearing is complete. so what are the next steps once we 
get the order? Is there any chance to appeal against the order or once the order is given 
only the recovery is pending? 
Secondly of course I think the merchant rates have been very high especially for the 
power sold in the quarter. How are we selling entire 150 MW and 60 MW power at 
merchant rates right now? Are we looking at some short-term bilateral? Last time you 
spoke that you were looking at some solution for 150. MW Is there any update which 
you can share, and also any update on the 60 MW IPP? 
In terms of the Maamba Collieries question, unfortunately I do not want to comment 
too much on the arbitration process. Because that will just be speculating on what could 
happen and what would happen. We are looking at the current government change like 
the rest ofthe World has seen, as a big positive thing in the Country. That is one ofthe 
reasons why the Zambian kwacha also had appreciated by over 24%. So we do see light 
at the end of the tunnel. An important thing to note is as far as Nava Bharat Ventures is 
concerned, we are right now at the bottom in terms of this because all the financial 
exposures that we could possibly make have already gone in. So I think whatever 
happens will definitely be towards an upside for Nava Bharat Ventures. With respect to 
the independent power plants both at Odisha and in Telangana, yes fotiunatcly in terms 
of Odisha we were very happy to note that the cases that we were fighting before were 
behind us and it was operational. We were able to take advantage of the higher lEX 
prices. Both the 60 MW in Odisha and the 150 MW 
in Telangana we have been 
operating. making use of the exchange and I think for both plants we have benefited 
from the increased rates and extremely high rates in October too, but I do not think it 
will be at the same prices, but we see a bright future for the sector too. 
My question is that you were looking some long-term tie ups or some sale to some 
captive Companies. Is there any update in the quatier or which you expect in the next 
couple of quarters? 
Those discussions are ongoing Mohit, but we have been fortunate that we did not tic up 
with any group capital scheme yet, because of which we could take advantage j/:;:::cc-.:::::::., 
Page 4 of 11 

Mohit Kumar: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Moderato•·: 
Nimesh Vaja: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Nara Bharaf 1Tenfures Umited 
1"./ovemher 09. 202 J 
high merchant trade. So those discussions are going but while they are ongomg we 
continue to take advantage of the lEX price. 
Lastly on Ferro Alloys what is the outlook? How was the realization last quarter and 
what is the current realization compared to last quarter and how do you see it panning 
out in the next six months? 
Mohit, last quarter was excellent for Ferro Alloys vertical. We registered a growth of 
33% in total realization over the preceding quarter. Going forward, we feel that the 
trend is going to continue. In fact, from Q2 to Q3 there has been a slight increase in 
realizations and we are at a stage right now where our total order book is full until Q4. 
The next question is from the line ofNimesh Vaja from KVP Financial. 
I would like to have a breakup in our revenue of coal sales. We read the news that coal 
is touching all-time high. We want to understand what the contributions of coal sales 
are to our total revenue? 
We will give you the breakup, Mr. Nimesh. but just to keep in mind that in Zambia, 
unfortunately, we do not go as per the international prices, which is a land law of the 
Country. The pricing we follow there is slightly independent of the international trends. 
So, the revenue from the mining operations at the end of September 2021 was about US 
$13.6 million and the revenue from operations from the power segment on the Maamba 
Collieries was $41.2 million. 
The next question is from the line ofVijay P, an individual investor. 
During the power outage in Zambia last Saturday and a month before, was Maamba 
Collieries power plant in operation? 
With respect to the power outage that happened recently, we had one of the units 
operating and one was still under major overhaul. It was a complete grid disturbance. 
So yes, our unit also tripped but we got it back online immediately. 
The initial commitment ofNava Bharat when the plant was started was of putting up a 
Page 5 of 11 

Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Naw1 Bhamt Ventures Limited 
Nm'emher 09, 2021 
Zambia is in perennial power deficit if that condition is put by the government for 
giving a favorable arbitration outcome, where docs Nava Bharat stand to this? 
Firstly, there is no specific condition that we need to put up 600 MW. The 
understanding has always been that we will set up 300 MW, we will see how it works. 
If the opportunity exists and we are satisfied as sponsors and shareholders, we will put 
up another 300 MW. So, I think as far as we are concerned, we are still trying to make 
sure that the payment mechanism works. I do agree with you that there is a power 
shortage in that region, we could always look at potential expansion provided all these 
securities are in place. 
So, Nava Bharat is open to going in for the expansion, doubling the capacity to 600 
MW? 
Well, it is conditional on a lot of things happening and taking place. If it makes 
financial sense, all the securities arc in place and we are extremely ce1iain that the 
current situation we are facing will not be faced if we put another 300 MW, yes we will 
be open to it. 
Now coming back to Indian operations with the boom in Ferro Alloys. I have asked 
this question once before, do we have any plans to expand our Ferro Alloy operations 
since almost 75,000 MT is committed to Tata Steel, which cannot be put to commercial 
use? 
That is right. Mr. Vijay in our last call as well we had addressed this point. If you 
remember we were banking on having a backward integration where we have certain 
fuel security, which insulates us from any volatility and input cost. Fortunately, we 
have made significant headway in that regard. The government of Cote d'lvoire (Ivory 
Coast) has granted us a concession area of 64 square kilometers, where there are proven 
deposits of manganese. So work is underway to engage the exploratory works to ensure 
what the reserve deposits are and so on. So right after that we are looking at it 
meaningfully in terms of expanding in India and abroad, but at this moment we do not 
have a concrete plan to share. 
Page 6 of 1 I 

Vijay P: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Nava Bharaf Ventures Limited 
N(J1'emher 09. 2021 
This C6te d'lvoire mine will it cover our entire requirement of manganese for the Ferro 
Alloy plant? 
It depends on what the reserve deposits are and what the quality of the ore is because 
even currently to manufacture both export grade and domestic grade we blend high 
grade, medium grade and low grade ores. So if the quality is all of high grade, then 
there is no requirement to blend other ores and we can use that as a single source. 
Any update on the agricultural plants in Zambia? 
On the Agri side, we have been taking it up seriously. In fact, we have been testing a 
couple of crops because one thing we realized is rather than doing a mass farming crop 
like maize, corn, sugar and so on, we wanted to look at high value crops. We are still in 
the exploration stage. We are planting plots with different crops, recruited a couple of 
agricultural experts to help with that and I think once something clicks, we will inform 
the wider group. 
Any progress on the monetization of idle land bank assets including the sugar plant? 
The asset sale of the Sugar plant has progressed well. We have been selling a lot of the 
equipment piecemeal to traders and individual Companies. That has gone well. The 
realization has been good and almost 90% of the equipment has been sold. Now with 
respect to the other land banks in terms ofNacharam, the cout1 case is still ongoing. So 
things are being delayed and in terms of Dharmavaram we are still given the location, 
we are still evaluating options of monetizing. 
Mr. Ashwin Devineni my sincere request to you is to inform the investing public 
regularly about these developments which we come to know only through the 
conference calls. 
Mr. Vijay I think if there are any significant developments we do inform the investor 
community. Unfortunately, we cannot inform the investor community about every step 
we take but when there is a significant development, we do that. 
Now the two specific developments that you disclosed just now about the acquisition of 
manganese ore mine in C6te d'lvoire and the 90% sale of sugar assets, the investing 
Page 7 of 11 

Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Kritika Jain: 
GRK Prasad: 
Moderator: 
Nimesh Vaja: 
Ashwin Dcvineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
,1\/ovember 09. 202 J 
public has not been mvarc of nor is there any announcement made by the Company 
about it 
With respect to the sugar assets I think we made it clear that we are selling the assets by 
piecemeal. Now a lot has progressed but you know it is difficult for us to inform the 
investment community for every piece of equipment we sell. So we found it prudent to 
inform them once everything is complete. The Cote d'lvoire exploration license that is a 
very recent development that has just happened. It is just basically an approval for us to 
go into the site for site activities while we await the formal communication from the 
President or the Prime Minister. 
The next question 
IS from the line of Kritika Jain from Sequent Investment 
Management 
Good evening, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Do we pla11 to acquire I 00% in the 
Brahmini subsidiary? 
Well at this point we have controlling stake. There is no immediate plan to acquire 
100%. If the party is willing for sale, then probably we could look at it. Our own we are 
not putting any effort at this point because anyway we have controlling stake. 
The next question is from the line of Nimesh Vaja from KVP Financial Services 
Limited. 
As you said that coal is not sold at international prices. What is the typical discount on 
the coal prices? That is question one and second question, we like to know on the 
Company strategy going ahead. We are seeing that we have unutilized assets and we 
are just banking on those assets to be utilized? There is no growth seen. Is this we are 
looking for kind of an opportunistic business, what is that line of trajectory of the 
business management is thinking going ahead? Any light on this would be very helpful. 
In terms of the coal question Mr. Nimesh, like I said it is not like a discount factor that 
we apply on the international prices are, the average realization that we have booked is 
about $61.8 per metric ton of coal. Now the way we price is slightly different because it 
is landlocked. We are competing with other coal producers in Zimbabwe and so on so 
we keep the coal competitive enough so that customers do buy from them and we are 
Page 8 of 11 

Nimesh Vaja: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
.Moderator: 
Nun1 !31wrut Ventures Limited 
Nm•emher 09. 202 I 
proud to say that the majority of all the coal consuming customers in Zambia buy from 
us. In terms of the strategy, we are not just looking at making the idle assets 
operational. Although we have done that with a couple of idle assets like the 60 MW 
power plant and also we have been fairly successful with the Samalkot equipment sales. 
We are also looking at expanding in the verticals we are currently in and which are 
promising. One of them is the Ferro Alloys vertical. As we have repeatedly said we do 
not want to increase furnace capacity or production capacity unless we have some 
backward integration. That is why we have been actively pursuing acquisition and 
exploration of mines in manganese-rich countries, one being Cote d'Ivoire. So we hope 
we find it promising in terms of both quantity and quality. Then we will consider 
expanding our Ferro Alloy smelting capacity. Apart from that we are always looking at 
other strategic investments in areas that are related with the current ve1ticals we are in, 
in terms of expansion. The one point I would also like to make is, in Zambia the 
agriculture is another project that we are currently concentrating on. We are testing 
some as I mentioned some high value crops and when we proceed, I think that would 
also be a significant expansion for the Company, but as far as we are concerned we are 
always looking at improving shareholder value by expanding in current verticals and 
looking at new promising verticals that could yield fruits tomorrow. 
One of our power plant 150 MW in Telangana, sometime it remains idle, sometimes it 
is operating. So what are the reasons behind the same? Can you just elaborate on that so 
for continuity as an investor I will come to know that this plant has been operative or 
will remain idle because six months back it was idle, now it is operative. 
In terms of the 150 MW as I mentioned previously while we are looking at group 
captive oppmtunities, it is an ongoing process and which requires several approvals we 
have been subject to selling in the exchange, the lEX. Now if the lEX prices are low 
where you are not even able to recover your variable cost, which is your coal cost, there 
is no point in continuing to operate the plant. So that is when we turn it off and when 
prices go up we turn it back on. We hope that prices \VOtild remain at high levels all the 
time, but the reality is not that. The market trend has been strong and we think will be 
able to sustain the Q2 power prices moving on to the next few quarters. 
The next question is from the line ofN iraj Khandelwal an Individual Investor. 
Page 9 of 11 

Nova Bharat Ventures Limited 
;v(Jl'emher 09. 2021 
Nii·aj Khandclwal: 
Sir my question is on the manganese ore mine, which is there, what is the term and the 
lease period, and are you paying any premium? My second question is on the power 
plant, the second power plant which has been shut down for past six months what is the 
status? When is it expected to go live? 
Nikhil Devineni: 
I will take the first part regarding the manganese ore mines. The license we have been 
granted is for an exploration license. The period for exploration given to us for four 
years. We feel that we should not take that long. We should probably complete it in a 
year or so. Now post exploration the government grants you an exploitation license that 
license is valid for a period of 20 years. Sorry, I did not get your second question. 
Could you repeat that? 
Niraj Khandelwal: 
Once they grant us the exploration license is there any premium that we are supposed to 
pay? Currently for other iron ore etc. anybody getting mines allocated, a premium is 
paid by the company. What is the status of the second power plant? When is it going to 
go back into production? Have the critical parts arrived? 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Samee1· Mehta: 
Mr. N iraj there is no premium that needs to be paid. As it is a natural resource of the 
Country, the government takes I 0% as free shares in the subsidiary holding company. 
So the profit sharing mechanisms would be that the government would due to its I 0% 
holding would get an appropriate pot1ion of the profits, which amounts to I 0%. In 
terms of the second unit for the overall that has been completed so currently at Maamba 
both the units are running at full capacity. 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Sameer Mehta, an individual investor. 
I have couple of questions. I was looking at your consolidated segmental report it 
shows that the mining revenues this quarter have been probably up by about 8% to I 0% 
but the mining profitability is down by about 30% so is there a specific reason for that? 
That is the first question. The second point is on the Maatilba receivables. You gave us 
a consolidated number from 2016-2017 but would not it be prudent to give us a rolling 
number for the last four quarters because that is more relevant at some point it was 80% 
then 70% then 60% now it is 58% because it takes the historical numbers into 
calculation. Now if you just want to look at the last four quarters, what is the revenue 
accretion to us? These are my two questions. 
Page 10 of 11 

Sultan A. Baig: 
Sameer Mehta: 
Sultan A. Baig: 
Moderator: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Nam !3harat Ventures Lilnited 
November 09. 202 J 
Thank you for your questions. The mining revenue has increased to US $13.6 million 
in the quarter compared to US $10.4 in the previous quarter. There is a slight decrease 
in Profit before tax from the mining division for this quarter as it stood at $3.7 million 
as compared to $4.3 million in the previous quarter. The reason for decline is because 
of the taxes that we have to pay in the Kwacha. Similar to the power division there is a 
forex translation loss when you convert the kwacha tax into US dollars. That is where 
the profit in US dollars is slightly lower as compared to the previous quarter though 
there is a slight increase in the revenue, and this is a notional loss. 
The second question on the revenue from Maamba, can the management give us the 
percentage receivable on a four quarter rolling basis? 
Y cs. Every quarter the financials are published on the Company's website. It can 
always be accessed. As per the LODR requirements, we are publishing the results for 
the quarter compared with the previous quarter and year-on-year basis, but if you 
specifically require, the financials are always available on the Company's website. 
which can be downloaded for information on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Thank you. As there arc no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Thank you very much everyone for your participation 111 the call. I hope we have 
addressed all the queries adequately or if there any questions or clarifications that 
remain unanswered. please get back to us and we would be happy to provide answers 
on a wider investor platform. Thank you all once again. 
Thank you very much on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Page 11 of 11 
