 
 
Mastek Limited 
T +91 22 6722 4200 
#106,107 SDF-IV Seepz, Andheri (East), 
F +91 22 6695 1331 
Mumbai 400096, Maharashtra, India 
W   www.mastek.com 
 
SEC/90/2021-22                                                                                                                               November 01, 2021 
 
Listing Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Tel No. 022- 22723121 
Tel No.: 022- 26598100 
Fax No. 022- 22721919 
Fax No. 022-26598120 
SCRIP CODE: 523704 
SYMBOL: MASTEK 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Ma’am(s), 
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript – Q2FY22. 
 
With reference to our Letter No. SEC/80/2021-22 dated October 11, 2021, please find enclosed herewith the 
call Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on the financial performance for the second quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2021, on Wednesday, October 20, 2021. 
 
The Transcript of the conference call can also be accessed from the website of the Company at 
www.mastek.com 
 
Request you to take the note of the above. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Encl: A/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Off.: 804, 805 President House, Opp. C.N. Vidyalaya, Near Ambawadi Circle, Ambawadi, Ahmedabad - 380 006. Gujarat, India. Tel No: +91-79-2656--4337 E-mail: info@mastek.com CIN-l74140GJ1982PLC005215 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Mastek Limited Q2 FY-22  
Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 20, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHANK DESAI – VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, MASTEK 
MR. HIRAL CHANDRANA – GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, MASTEK 
MR. ARUN AGARWAL – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, MASTEK 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DIWAKAR PINGLE, CHRISTENSEN ADVISORY, 
INDIA 
 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Mastek Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle from Christensen Advisory. Thank you and over to you Mr. Pingle. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thank you. Good morning to all of you. Welcome to the Q2 FY22 Earnings Call of Mastek. The 
results and the presentation have already been mailed to you and you can also view it on the 
website at www.mastek.com. 
To take us through the results today and answer your questions, we have the top management of 
Mastek represented by Mr. Ashank Desai - Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Hiral 
Chandrana – Global Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Arun Agarwal – Global Chief Financial 
Officer. Ashank will start the call with the business update, which will then be followed by Hiral 
where he shall update overview of the quarter. Arun will wind it up with the financial update.  
As usual I'd like to remind you that everything that is said on this call that reflects any outlook 
for the future or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included but not limited to what we mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent 
annual report that you can find on our website.  
Having said that I like to hand over the call to Mr. Ashank Desai. Ashank over to you. 
Ashank Desai: 
Good morning to all of you. Festive season has started and wish you all happy festive season 
ahead. Our results are out as all of you know and I'm happy that we have moved one step forward 
on our long-term journey that we had charted almost 4 years ago since we split from Majesco 
and became a smaller Mastek company. What I plan to do today is not really to look at quarter 
but really look at the future that we all are building for the Mastek. And to do that I'll have to 
just quickly take you behind to explain the logic, morale, and rationale of what we are trying to 
do arduously last 4-5 years. When we split from Majesco and became Mastek, a standalone 
company, we were just $70 million or something of there about and the focus we wanted to 
establish so that we move ahead at a very fast pace. And I still remember at a board level, the 
discussion we had to focus on digital because that is what our strengths are over last 20 years, 
starting from as I said London Congestion and Spine and many other projects doing mission 
critical. So, this was our time. So, we focused but that was not enough just to have a focus. What 
was important was to build a team because we had lost talent. We brought in CEO, we brought 
in CFO, we brought in CHRO, all well-known companies with a track record. That was our 
second step to move ahead in the direction of the future that we had planned. That of course was 
not alone enough. We had to build our portfolio of offerings very carefully and very thoughtfully 
in the digital coming era. We had of course a good experience in the mission critical digital 
transformation as I said but that was not sufficient.  

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
We also had to put our act together in US because Majesco was in US and that was the revenue 
went with them. We acquired a front-end company, D2X company as we call it now, digital 
marketing company to fill up that gap on the front-end side of the company's digital 
transformation. That has proved well, US is growing quite well as we speak today. But that alone 
was not enough. We had to also take care of a backend, digital transformation and also movement 
towards Cloud which was happening very fast and that's where the Evosys came and Evosys 
built up that backend which is driving the engine movement towards Cloud and of course 
building customers as all of you know. I will not get into all those details but I'm trying to tell 
you the architecting that we are doing for the tomorrows Mastek.  
We have a front-end piece well-established by a backend piece with the partnership that we are 
now getting into like Oracle and many others. The third piece is really on our partnership that 
we are focusing on now as we move forward and Hiral and Arun will talk maybe few things 
about that too. And we are moving towards the data now. I think digital transformation is moving 
fast towards data being resourced and we need to put our act together.  
I would like to only tell all of you here, that we are architecting a company for tomorrow. We 
are last 4 years growing quarter after quarter, doing better than the industry. We will continue to 
do that. There may be quarter that sometimes continuously movement may not happen at the 
same pace, some quarters are very good, some quarters are okay quarters. What we are more 
looking at is the annual growth. I think we have done quite well. We are in the direction to build 
capabilities, build partnerships and create product portfolio for tomorrow’s Mastek. Thanks, I'll 
stop here. I will leave it to Hiral to explain this quarter and future ahead in this year. Thank you.  
Hiral Chandrana: 
Thank you Ashank and good day, good morning to everybody. As Ashank mentioned, this is a 
journey, a medium to a longer-term journey that we've been on and over the next 10 minutes or 
so I'd like to focus on not just our quarterly results but some of the planning and the vision 2025 
that we are charting and then Arun will cover the detailed financial results as well. It's been about 
100 days and a very productive 100 days for me. I want to take this opportunity to thank all of 
you on the call for your ongoing support as well as the Mastek team for welcoming me as part 
of the family. We're seeing a very high growth demand environment. The industry is going 
through fairly large-scale business model transformations. I'll talk about some of the things we're 
doing to be better positioned to grow in the coming quarters.  
Let me start with the Quarter 2 results: 
We delivered $72 million which translates to about Rs 533.9 crores. That's 30.3% year-on-year 
growth. Again, we continue to demonstrate consistent performance. Same with EBITDA margin 
which stood at about 21.1% and also our profit after tax which is 15.1% for the Q2; quarter grew 
37.8% year-on-year. Again, these are as Ashank pointed out industry leading growth numbers. 
The client base that we are seeing is quickly changing. While we have always had a very solid 
momentum and when it comes to new logo acquisition, we have started to see the nature of those 
clients also change, lot more Fortune 1000 clients, lot more enterprise clients. This is a very 
positive sign for us. We are also focused on account mining. We are on our way to get our first 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
$10 million account, $10 million per year in the US market which is an important milestone for 
us. This along with our co-sell and cross-sell with the Oracle Cloud business, the D2X offerings 
and some of the other digital offerings around data and DevOps is starting to give us lot more 
momentum when it comes to both account mining as well as large deals.  
I'm very pleased with some of the interesting trends that we are seeing in some of the wins we've 
had. I'll talk about some of them. There's a lot more detail in the press release as well as the 
investor presentation that has already been shared. We had our first win in Canada. This is a life 
sciences company where they provide laboratory information systems and results for 100 million 
Canadians. We are going to be delivering their entire direct to stakeholder strategy which in their 
case is patients and customers, delivering a single platform for their mobile experience so that 
all their lab results are there in one place and easily available. Another interesting example is a 
win which is a large win in Europe in Finland. This is a company which is in the business of 
providing a sustainable enterprise, zero emissions world as you know the trends in climate 
change. This is becoming critical for manufacturing companies, telecom companies and many 
other industries. This particular organization we are partnering with them to deliver an end-to-
end business transformation program across multiple towers whether it's HR, supply chain, ERP 
as well as front office. These are examples of deals that we'll continue to see with the integrated 
capabilities that we now have across the company with our Evosys acquisition. There are 
multiple other wins. I want to mention one particular win in the UK. As you know we are doing 
some mission critical projects in the borders, in immigration space, in the biometric space but 
we are excited about one new logo in particular which is in the vehicles and driver’s space. This 
is the entire organization that manages this for the UK geography and very interesting element 
of DevOps and Agile squads that we are delivering for them as part of their digital program. 
Again, these includes multiple service offerings that will continue to grow, including managed 
services down the road. There are a few other wins in Asia Pacific, in the US, in the UK sector 
that are available in the results.  
Let me change gears and talk about what we're seeing in the industry as well as how we are 
planning the next few quarters. As I mentioned earlier, the nature of the demand is definitely 
changing. Our pipeline is now composed of lot more greater than $5 million deal. We have about 
25 of them that are going to be decided in the next two quarters. We'll obviously not win all of 
them but we are very bullish about our prospects in some of them for sure. That will change the 
nature of how we are approaching some of these large deals in the future.  
Our supply and talent situation are always an important piece of the puzzle. As you know 
industry is going through a challenging time when it comes to people. Several different 
initiatives we have put in place when it comes to employee experience, recruiting, talent 
management, skills transformation. Those are starting to see some encouraging signs where the 
fungibility of resources is helping us deliver a lot more flexibility when it comes to delivering 
to our customers in various geographies.  
When it comes to managed services, this is one area that we've been focused on in building. This 
is one of the points Ashank made, we are building for the longer term and we are starting to see 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
elements of what we're calling Cloud managed services which is very different from the on-
premise managed services that historically has been present. As you know we've been delivering 
Cloud implementations for the last 7-8 years and about 1,200 Cloud implementations that have 
been delivered. We've mastered the art of value-based delivery which came from our Evosys 
acquisition in the Oracle space. We're taking that same approach towards the broader Cloud 
managed services across digital and across Cloud in many of our customers. 
Our US strategy is starting to show some interesting results. We are very focused on a few 
industry verticals, our healthcare and life sciences sector in particular we're very excited about 
in the US market. We're also looking at data automation and the AI continuing that Ashank 
alluded to but here very specifically we see this as a big longer-term opportunity, not just in 
healthcare and life sciences but also in retail, consumer and manufacturing and even state and 
local government in the US market.  
We have made progress in our M&A strategy. There are multiple assets that we are evaluating 
as we speak. We're in the process of narrowing down a few very high potential assets in the 
digital and Cloud space that we've been talking about last few months with you all. We feel 
confident that we'll get into next level discussions in the next couple of months and you should 
hear more about that in the next quarter.  
One very important initiative which I want to point out before I turn it over to Arun, is in the 
area of ESG which is Environment Social values as well as Governance. Mastek has always 
been known for very solid governance practices. We're doing a lot of things related to social 
value not just in India but also in the UK and US markets. We've created a separate focus team 
across the globe to deliver on that promise. That is becoming a very important element not just 
for us, our suppliers but our customers as well. The demand environment like I said is fairly 
strong. We're very bullish about the prospects next few quarters. The vision 2025 strategy that 
we are putting in place is going to be cutting across not just geographies which is Americas, UK, 
Europe, Middle east and Asia Pacific but also across very specific growth verticals as well as 
specific service offerings whether it's in the digital engineering space, whether it's in the data 
automation space or whether it's in the digital customer experience space. Our Oracle Cloud 
business continues to show strong momentum and we continue to deliver multi-tower, multi-
year deals in multiple geographies across industries. With that let me turn it over to Arun for 
more detailed financials.  
Arun Agarwal: 
Thanks, Hiral. A very warm welcome to everyone on this call. Detailed deck has been circulated 
already ahead of this call. So let me take you through key financial and business performance 
snippets for the quarter and half year ended September 2021. Our Q2 of FY22 was another 
quarter of our consistent financial performance. It's roughly eight quarters back-to-back where 
we have grown sequentially and also year-on-year. Our US business has demonstrated strong 
growth this quarter with new logo wins. We have added logos from Fortune 1000 list in the US. 
Oracle business continues to grow healthy across geographies we operate in. We saw some 
softness in the UK business specifically coming from the NHS side which was more driven by 
some of the implementation part of the engagements getting concluded. While there are good 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
deals in the pipeline which are up for adjudication in H2 and we feel optimistic to convert those 
deals into order book and revenue as we move on. Our 12 months order backlog was $155.5 
million versus $127.5 million as of Q2 of last year. It is up 18.8% in constant currency terms. 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis it is flat. Our operating revenue stood at Rs 533.9 crores, up 30.3% 
year-on-year and 3.4% quarter-on-quarter. This reflects constant currency growth of 25% year-
on-year and a 3.9% sequential. Operating EBITDA stood at 21.1%. It is 71 bps lower quarter-
on-quarter.  
Let me draw your attention here. We have done increments effective 1st of July across the 
organization. Additionally, we have continued to make investment in sales and marketing, 
building our capabilities as Hiral alluded into, to drive a future 3-year growth by augmenting our 
delivery capabilities. Despite those investments we have been able to maintain healthy EBITDA 
margin of 21.1% and this is on the back of operating levers which has worked intentionally and 
effectively on the back of utilization and other operating levers which we track on a monthly 
and quarterly basis and fixed cost leverage supported by the growth. Consequently, our PAT 
stood at Rs 81.5 crores, up 37.8% year-on-year and 1.6% sequentially. Our gross cash stood at 
Rs 944 crores versus Rs 960 crores in the previous quarter. We have repaid one installment of 
our long-term boring as it became due during the current quarter. Consequently, our net cash is 
Rs 719 crores versus Rs 703 crores in the previous quarter. Our borrowings stood at Rs 225 
crores as of 30th September.  
We added 45 new customers during the quarter which encompasses multiple geographies and 
verticals, both digital services and the Oracle services as well. Our headcount stood at 4,510 for 
the quarter which reflects net addition of 208. Let me draw your attention again. As industries 
grappling through higher attrition, we are no different. We have seen our LTM attrition at 24.2%.  
Taking you further to the multiple geographies and the business where we operate in. On the UK 
side while we have witnessed steady growth both in secured government and in the private 
sector, we saw softness in NHS as I alluded to. Couple of implementation and other engagements 
coming to conclusion while there are good deals in the pipeline as we believe they get 
adjudicated to in H2 under $800 million framework where we have been onboarded last year. 
We believe those conversion will bring this back in the coming quarters. Quite delighted to 
inform you that we have opened a new department in the UK which is an engagement of couple 
of million dollars. After successful completion and delivery as contemplated under the 
agreement, we believe the engagement will further augment with larger deals as we move to H2 
and early part of next year. 
Quickly moving to the US geography; our D2X strategy which we laid out last 2 years had 
started paying good results. Early signs are encouraging. We have added three non-retail 
customers and couple of them are in Fortune 1000 list in the US market. The strategy is showing 
the results and we believe as we are adding the customers will further drive the growth in the 
US market quarter-on-quarter. On the Oracle Cloud side, of the ERP Implementation and 
Managed Services business, we are seeing continued growth across the geography including UK 
and Hiral alluded to Europe deal. We are growing in the US as well. We are seeing good 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
momentum in the Middle East as well. Our joint Go-to market strategy is working well and since 
we are now bidding for lots of integrated deal, we are seeing our gradual uptick in average deal 
sizes. Let me take a pause here. I would like to thank all of you for your continued support and 
trust in Mastek. Let me open the house for Q&A and address your specific questions. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi.  
Mohit Jain: 
My query was related to UK, UK government particularly. So even outside NHS, it appears that 
there were some weakness during the quarter despite us I think winning good logos in the last 
few quarters. If you could help us understand what is happening in UK government and what 
kind of growth outlook do you have for the rest of the two quarters, specifically in the near term? 
Are you facing any challenges related to budgets or any of the things where we might not have 
anticipated deterioration in the UK government? That's one and second on the US side, like how 
much of the deal pipeline or looking at things wherever you look at because we only get your 
12-month order backlog, which was down sequentially. How much confidence do we have on 
US growth sustaining at these levels? And you also spoke about one large client, which you have 
signed up in the US? Should we now assume that US will continue growing?  
Hiral Chandrana: 
Let me start with the UK public sector and the government business as a whole. We have seen 
some delays when it comes to decision-making. There are multiple large deals that are in play 
and some of the deals that we expected earlier on the year, have still not been decided. But we 
have not lost them. We are still very much in the race, and we expect to win at least some of 
them. That has caused a little bit of a quarter-on-quarter softness when it comes to UK public 
sector, but our pipeline is the strongest it has ever been. In fact, not part of Q2 particularly as 
such but early in October we have won a fairly large deal which we will announce in the coming 
months, which includes a multi-year framework, which will potentially lead to about $40 to $50 
million worth of business, just in one particular customer. If you look at UK government also 
trying to look at the education in the local government sector through our Oracle services and 
we are starting to see some momentum there as well in certain councils and certain local 
authorities. NHS while it has been slow and there are couple of projects that Arun talked about, 
which have completed. We actually have about five or six deals across three or four divisions of 
NHS, which we feel, we have a good shot at winning. As far as the US is concerned, absolutely 
we are doubling down on our efforts, not just in the D2X space, which is been our growth engine 
for the last one or two quarters but also in the integrated deals and co-sell with Oracle Cloud. 
We are also seeing some multi-tower deals like I mentioned earlier, which includes data, 
microservices based API work on the integration side,front to back-office work, end-to-end 
across the value chain in certain industry verticals. The deal sizes are increasing as well. Account 
mining is starting to show some results and you can definitely expect lot more growth in the 
coming quarters from the US market.  
Mohit Jain: 
So, this last deal you spoke about, this is from UK government, is it?  

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Hiral Chandrana: 
That is correct. 
Mohit Jain: 
One for Arun sir. If wage hikes are behind, should we expect operating leverage to play out in 
favor for the rest of the year?  
Arun Agarwal: 
Mohit again as we said, our full year view is more in line with last year and this is just to give a 
quick stat, the wage impact is roughly 200 bps for the quarter but what you are seeing is the 70-
bps impact which has been due to leverage of fixed cost and also operating levers which we 
consistently work upon driving the offset. But we need to invest into the growth as well Mohit, 
as Hiral alluded to because we are seeing good momentum in the market, our pipeline is 
strongest. As we speak, as we have seen in last couple of years, quite interesting deals. We need 
to keep spending for building our capability, our delivery, our sales so that we can continue to 
drive year-on-year growth as we have been doing in past quarters. 
Mohit Jain: 
I was more looking from utilization and wage hike perspective. Like it appears you have built 
enough capacity in the system, because both like wage hike is behind, utilization is lower this 
quarter and growth turned out to be little slower. So, from that perspective, I was hoping that in 
the second half, you may just turn out better on the margins but you guys are saying you may 
invest in SG&A or maybe in headcount to maintain margins at current levels, is that correct? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Correct, couple of things more, it’s just incremental, your thoughts are right because when we 
are seeing the growth, we have to invest into the people as well, right? We have to build the 
bench, the kind of growth pipeline we are seeing, it cannot be just in time hiring. We know the 
madness in the market in terms of the digital skill force shortage. We are building the freshers, 
getting associated with large universities and the institutions, not only in off-shore but in on-
shore as well. So, we are building the talent, we are building the capability, investing into hunters 
and the account management team, as we are talking about the managed services to grow, the 
formers become too critical for us at the same time. You have to keep investing into the business 
but yes 21% is a good range for us in the short term and in the long-term maybe 100 bps, we 
have to invest back into the business to ensure and drive further growth in the long-term. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Debashish Mazumdar from B&K Securities.  
Debashish Mazumdar: 
Two questions I have. One is around the order backlog that we report 12 months order backlog. 
If we see for last three quarters, there is a kind of stagnation that we can see in that number. It is 
hovering around $150 to $155 million run rate. So, I understand that you are saying that the 
pipeline is very strong but it seems to be that is not percolating into the order addition more than 
what we are delivering as far as revenue is concerned. If you can help us to understand that 
dichotomy, that is first question. Second question is, if I see your attrition level, it is 24% which 
according to me is reasonably high number. On the other side, my employee addition is 
comparatively muted. Do you see that attrition is reaching at the level of peak and you can expect 
a fall from here on in next two to three quarters? 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Let me start and then Arun if you want to add, feel free to jump in. So, when we look at order 
book, I just want to make sure that we communicate we have always been very transparent and 
when we report order book, we are very careful in stating only the confirmed signed business 
that we have in the form of contractual frameworks and agreed on SOWs. As you know, some 
of these framework deals in the UK government or even in some of the other areas in healthcare 
are larger long-term deals and unless we have a signed SOW, even though we have maybe 90%-
95% confidence of getting them, we are not reporting that into the order book. I mentioned that 
because when you look at it holistically, our order book is actually looking very positive but we 
have not necessarily included that in the backlog because we want to make sure that we have 
signed SOW so that is point number one. Point number two there is been some delays for sure. 
As we get into some larger deals, the decision making, the competitive environment is going to 
be stronger, we have actually won a few deals against Tier I competition across the geographies, 
not just in UK but across geographies. We feel comfortable that we can compete in some of 
these larger deals but those deals are taking time when it comes to decision making. As far as 
attrition is concerned and employee addition, it's very difficult to predict, just based on a quarter-
to-quarter, where it is going to peak but three things that we have done in the last month, 1.5 
months as well as talked to what about six or seven different initiatives that we are running in 
the next 60 to 90 days. We feel that we will be able to mitigate some of the risks involved there. 
I want to tie back to the previous question from Mohit as it relates to headcount because one of 
the things that we did change in the last month, 1.5 months is looking at the bench itself. Given 
the strong demand environment in the pipeline, we have taken a call of having a slightly larger 
bench because that's going to be critical in terms of fulfilling quickly, customer demands are 
changing and the expectations of how fast we can fulfill those demands is also changing. Making 
sure that we have a continuous skill transformation plus a healthy bench, which is slightly above 
the levels that we have been maintaining last one or two quarters is important. And with that, 
you will see a definite improvement in the headcount addition in the current quarter as well as 
the next few quarters. We feel that we have a good equation of new fresher, higher skill training 
as well as attrition management and a recruiting engine that is going to fire in all cylinders to 
help us improve; the speed at which we are fulfilling the demand which will help us in the 
headcount addition going forward as well. So, hopefully that answers Debashish.  
Debashish Mazumdar: 
One last question around the UK scenario. If I see what ISG is talking about, there is a loss of 
deal momentum in the UK-Europe market. If I corroborate that with the Tier I and their mid-
size IT companies Europe and UK growth; that is significantly positive. So, this question I also 
had previously and I have still that question in my mind because UK and Europe is one area 
which is the biggest growth driver for us. Is it like that, are we kind of losing certain level of 
market share because other peers, much bigger in size become very aggressive in that market in 
terms of pricing point and in terms of deal sizes? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Yes, so Debashish I think, let me break that up into two parts because the way we look at Europe 
market, it's starting to show some very encouraging signs and it is slightly different because it's 
multiple countries as you know. So, we are focused on three specific country clusters. One is the 
Nordics, which includes Denmark, Sweden, Finland. Second is France, where Oracle is fairly 
strong and is going all out and taking us along with them. And third is the Netherlands market. 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Now the public sector experience that we have in the UK actually can be leveraged in a very 
significant way in the Europe market and countries as well. We have not even scratched the 
surface when it comes to looking at that space but we are starting to see some demand cropping 
in and we feel that the base and the foundational elements that we have built over the last 20 
years in UK can be leveraged in Europe as well. As far as UK specifically is concerned while 
you are seeing some level of quarter-on-quarter softness, we are really not lost any major deals. 
There are certain deals that have been delayed like I said but it is going to be a competitive 
environment because there is a lot more competition that is looking at that same space. But we 
are part of multiple framework deals, way ahead of time and we have an opportunity to cross 
sell into multiple divisions, whether it is NHS, whether it is Home Office, whether it's HMRC 
and some of the institutions that we are present for the last few years. It's a combination of how 
we approach our UK strategy as well as how we leverage those lessons learned and our teams 
and our experiences to grow in the Europe market as well.  
Arun Agarwal: 
If I can just quickly add, Debashish if specifically, you are referring to UK market and the public 
sector, again I will reflect that to the pipeline. There are good deals in the pipeline and we have 
very strong credentials to operate in the public sector and we believe we are able to give tough 
competition to large SIs. We don't feel in our space where we are confident is anything for us to 
worry about. 
Debashish Mazumdar: 
Arun, my question was little more linked to the Europe and UK private sector because that is 
also a space where we have a good amount of mind share and a large amount of growth has also 
come from that segment. I am completely with you in terms of your presence and strength with 
the government business. But where I am little bit worried about that whether the private part of 
the business which is comparatively smaller as compared to the other competition. Are we kind 
of losing some amount of share or some amount of momentum there because others become 
very aggressive and strong there? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Debashish I am glad you clarified that. So in private sector actually we have grown quarter-on-
quarter fairly well and in fact we will be announcing a couple of deals next quarter, in the Fortune 
500 space where we are getting into few new accounts that, that is very encouraging. UK private 
sector itself is a big opportunity. We have built a team in the last quarter or so which is now 
starting to fire and grow the pipeline. So, whether it is retail, manufacturing sector as well as 
certain microfinance companies that we are part of, we see a healthy growth there. Europe on 
the other hand is actually a much bigger opportunity when it comes to private sector. The two 
or three wins that we have announced in the results presentation, speak to that all of them are 
private sector wins actually as well as if you look at our pipeline; in some of the large deal 
momentum both on the Oracle Cloud side, as well as more integrated deals, they are actually 
also in the private sector. We see that as a definite opportunity to grow both in UK as well as 
certain parts of Europe. We are not going to dilute ourselves to too many different countries but 
again go with a very focused, integrated value proposition in few countries in Europe.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil, an Individual Investor.  

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Sahil: 
So, one thing is we have a very strong presence in the UK government market and even in the 
Army if you were able to I think sign a deal from what I could see in the presentation. Have we 
also explored opportunities of doing contracts for the US government or the rest of the Europe 
government and for example our capabilities and the proven track record of working with the 
UK government, do they kind of enable us to do that kind of exploration with the other world 
government and what sort of challenges or opportunities do we see in that space?  
Hiral Chandrana: 
I mentioned this briefly but on leveraging our UK presence for Europe, that's definitely an 
opportunity because we have security cleared, onsite experts, digital experts, architecture 
experts, DevOps experts, who have been through this journey. So that leverage of looking at 
how we can replicate that success in the Europe is definitely happening. There is some initial 
discussions that were having in terms of which countries to focus on for the government sector 
in Europe. But it's a combination of both private and public sector there. Now, US government 
and Federal sector is very different. We don't have necessarily a plan to go after the federal space 
in the US but having said that local and state government is a pretty big opportunity and it's also 
much easier to get into those city authorities or state and local authorities. We have actually won 
a few deals in the last 3 months in the state and local government space. It is going to be a 
selective strategy when it comes to few different states and then we will replicate that success 
across the board in the US. Mostly this is coming out of our Oracle Cloud business but once we 
get into some of those authorities, there is an opportunity to cross sell our broader digital services 
as well. I would say a very focused strategy on Europe in certain countries and then a state and 
local government strategy in the US. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments.  
Ravi Naredi: 
Respected Ashank, Arun and all prestigious employees of Mastek. I am the shareholder since 
long. My request is that you have declared result at midnight 12 o’clock. Now you are making 
con-call at 9 o'clock I am not even going through your highlights what you have tell in your 
highlights. My request please give enough time to investor to do analysis of the result and then 
make the question. Hence, I'm not making any question now. 
Arun Agarwal: 
Sure, we have taken the feedback. Kindly just to inform you a couple of challenges we have, we 
have board members who join us from the US and unfortunately in this COVID environment, 
some of the travel looks to be difficult and hence the board meeting and the results happens on 
the night but taking your feedback I'm will ensure going forward we will keep enough time gap 
between results and the call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Arctic Lights Capital. 
Aditya: 
I have few questions; the first one is regarding the $40 to $50 million deal that you’re supposed 
to get from one company in the next few months. That will be recognize over what period of 
time? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
It's over period of 3 years. 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Aditya: 
My second question is, you're looking at 25 clients which will be more than $5 million. My 
question is that how many of these clients will be $10 million or plus? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Let me clarify that, I was talking about 25 deals not clients. 25 deals which are greater than $5 
million which will be decided in the next 6 months. Some of them obviously we will win some 
of them we will not win, but that will translate into a good solid order book which will of course 
translate into revenue. As far as the accounts itself is concerned, we've always been providing 
greater than $1 million accounts, which is part of the investor sheet that has been shared. We are 
starting to track greater than $3 million accounts and greater than $5 million accounts, so those 
roughly stand in the 15 to 20 range today. That's another area of focus where we want to look at 
least over the next couple of years 40 to 50 clients where we will have greater than $3 million 
per year per client. But what I was referring to earlier was the deal sizes of greater than $5 million 
for those 25 customers. 
Aditya: 
So, will any of them be $10 million? Is it possible that out of those one that we are looking for 
the new deal will be any of them be $10 million? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
In about seven or eight of those deals, which I referred to those are actually greater than $10 
million deals. In a few of them it's actually greater than $25 million as well. So, I was giving a 
little bit broader perspective in terms of greater than $5 million, but there is across the spectrum 
in some cases $25 million, in some cases $10 million. We are also starting to look at certain 
customers in US where we can mine them to appoint where we can be at a $3 million run rate 
per year and there's about 10 clients that we've identified where we have the potential to be there 
in the next 1 or 2 years, so that itself is a good strategy because we would rather go deep when 
it comes to account mining. Now we have set of offerings which are much more comprehensive 
than we did a year back and that is helping our account mining strategy as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Picha from Multi-Act. 
Rahul Picha: 
My question is on the health segment. Last year we saw a sharp increase in business strong 
health and we grew over a 100% last year and this quarter we are seeing some normalization 
coming in this segment. What do you think of the base that we have in this quarter? Are we 
expecting to sequentially now grow from this level or do you think some normalization is still 
to take place? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So, let me actually provide a perspective on how we are looking at the healthcare and life 
sciences sector, because it is actually one of our top three big bets for the next 3 years. When we 
look at the 2025 strategy, we feel this industry cluster will provide us the fastest accelerated 
growth. Now what you're seeing in Q2 is a very specific situation with NHS where we had 
certain projects that came to an end. Where we have a certain program that are tapering which 
is expected, but we're also seeing some deals coming in that'll set us up for the future. If you 
exclude the NHS just for a second, because that is a pretty big client for us in a good part of our 
number in the healthcare is coming from there, the number of deals that we are winning in the 
provider space, which is the hospitals and the provider segment both in the US as well as in the 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
middle east market as well as in the life sciences space which includes medical devices is fairly 
strong. In fact, we have 60 to 70 customers where we have done business in the provider space. 
Many of them are active customers and we plan to take very specific solutions to them, so that 
we can help their journey over the next 2 to 3 years. If you look at a year on year view for our 
healthcare life sciences that are still very strong, we will see some amount of tapering in the next 
quarter when it comes to healthcare life sciences primarily on the back of certain programs 
running in NHS, but starting Q4 and beyond into next year you'll see a much bigger growth 
trajectory across that cluster across multiple Geo’s particularly in the US market and the also 
our investments in data and automation is going to power that growth as well in addition to the 
Oracle cloud business. 
Rahul Picha: 
Just one small clarification of the health segment how much will be coming from NHS? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Arun, do we have the exact breakdown? 
Arun Agarwal: 
We don't provide the exact breakdown. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Can you comment on your any plans in the US or in the company you’ve talked about that in 
the previous call that you are looked to apart most so if you can update us on that? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
So, I mentioned this briefly in the opening comments, but when we look at M&A in the US, we 
are looking at three different areas specifically in the data automation space is one area. We see 
an intersection there with AI and a few other industries where we are very bullish on, it is 
complementary to our service offerings where we have certain accounts and certain growth 
opportunities. Second area is in the platform space particularly cloud platforms like Microsoft 
Azure and Microsoft Azure DevOps as well as on the AWS side. Now we have hired a new 
leader, to lead the Microsoft practice. We believe that that itself has an opportunity to do 5X 
growth in the next 2 to 3 years. So that would be another area that we're looking at and the third 
area is in the customer experience and service design space, which is around design thinking CX 
where we already have some good capabilities in the e-commerce and digital experience space, 
but we want to further enhance that. So those are the three areas. I mentioned that briefly that 
we are very aggressively short-listing a few candidates, as we speak, we're having discussions 
with few of them are to take it to the next level and we’ll keep you updated next quarter in terms 
of progress that we're making. But we're hopeful that in the next 4 to 5 months we'll be able to 
conclude something when it comes to US acquisition. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Secondly, on the order book you talked about that some of the projects in the UK government 
got delayed and it's just because of the way you account for your order book you did not include 
them. So, my question is, let's say if you were to include them which are yours almost in the 
sense that it's just a matter of contract signing, what could have been the order book like? 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Arun Agarwal: 
Again, these are the framework deals, what happens in the UK government in lot of the contracts 
just to give an example; one framework of $10 million was awarded to us and the initial SOW 
was $1 million only. So, we report $1 million because we need a contract in hand before 
reporting, so that's the internal practice we follow and for offsite reporting as well. That's one of 
the examples, but there are other examples as well. We don't report that number unless it's 
committed in the documents. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
My question is that if you were to look at all that extra which has not been put into SOW but 
which is yours, meaning it's a matter of timing. What is that shadow order book if you win looks 
like? 
Arun Agarwal: 
Again, there are multiple of those engagements, very difficult to call them out separately but we 
believe and the past track record is those frameworks typically we have won 95% at least. But 
I'll stick to the practice where we don't report that, to be honest. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
My first question is on the NHS weakness for you had mentioned that there were requisite 
completions and delay in decision making. So, I want to know what is actually causing the slow 
down and delay in the NHS and is it only limited to NHS or other home office and HMRC and 
other departments are also seeing the similar kind of delays? And in terms of the average duration 
and  size of the contract that is coming from the UK government, has that changed incidentally 
or is it more like project based or annuity-based contract. And the second question is on the US 
recovery, so it has been strong and I know how much of that is sustainable and we are planning 
for head start in the US but the valuations across the sector are very rich. So, on what kind of 
price valuations, we are comfortable to pay and will it be in terms of size similar to Evosys or 
lower? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
I think there are three-four questions, let me try to go quick. The clarification on the NHS is 
there are a couple of projects and programs that were coming to an end in Q2 and Q3. That is a 
very NHS specific phenomenon. That is not something that is applicable to home office or 
HMRC or any of the other government public sector institutions that we're working in. Since we 
are participating in larger deals across the board in UK particularly in the public sector, the 
delays in terms of decision-making are there in multiple pockets including NHS. Now NHS 
while we have seen some slow down at the same time it's a very strong foundation for us because 
we've worked with them for multiple years as you know and across multiple divisions of NHS 
whether it's NHS digital, NHS improvement, NHS England, and the shared services divisions, 
we see a fairly significant size deals across the board. Some of them of course will take time and 
some of them we'll take time in terms of converting to revenue as well. Now project versus 
longer term is an interesting point, we have just hired someone from PWC, who is going to be 
leading our managed services business and this is very encouraging because we starting to see a 
lot more pipelines in managed services on the back-off implementations as well as in the back 
of some of our project and development work both on the digital services side as well as on the 
cloud implementation side. That same applies even to the U S market and as far as it goes even 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
in the Europe market where we start some projects and we were seeing managed services being 
added to those programs. 
 
The US recovery definitely is on the right path. These are investments that we're making with a 
medium to longer term view, so it's not going to be an overnight turnaround but we are clearly 
seeing signs and you'll see that in the quarter-to-quarter results as well and the size of deals, the 
type of nature of clients, the type of discussions that we're even having with some of the existing 
clients has been changing. So, we are very bullish across D2X which is our direct to stakeholder 
strategy or Oracle cloud implementations as well as we have created four new value 
propositions, which are integrated value propositions for across all offerings that we believe 
apply to the US. You're right about the valuations when it comes to M&A and acquisitions, but 
that's why we've taken a little bit longer time to make sure that we are evaluating the right assets. 
We'll be focused on good quality earnings, but we'll also be focused on high potential companies 
which will take us to the next 3 to 5 years when it comes to accelerated growth, so I talked about 
some of those areas already and we'll keep you posted on M&A. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sujoy Paul an Individual Investor. 
Sujoy Paul: 
My question is on the Asia-Pacific, I don't see much focus on the Asia focus. Are we planning 
for more investments in the Asia-Pacific even there are more public status spending on the 
background of the pandemic by governments across Asia-Pacific. So why can’t we use our 
experience of the public sector to expand on the Asia-Pacific? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Good question. I think when we look at the entire geography which is a combination of Middle 
East plus ASEAN countries and Asia-Pacific and of course if you include ANZas well in that 
with Australia being the big focus area, we are not necessarily going to be investing in a very 
big way. Because we feel that market size and potential in US as well as in Europe is much 
larger. Having said that, our Middle East business is very strong and from a pipeline perspective 
again, we're seeing some large deals there. We almost handle about 25% of Oracle’s ARR which 
is their business in that sector. In Australia in that market and specifically for Asia-Pacific, we 
are definitely seeing some deals and we're working together with a set of partners including 
Oracle and Microsoft in particular and we have actually won a couple of interesting deals. We 
cannot name the client, but this is a very large hospital chain, which has a presence in Malaysia, 
Vietnam and multiple other countries including Singapore. We starting to see some demand in 
the digital services space when it comes to Asia Pacific, but these are going to be very focused 
bets and very focused clients that we'll go after. Because of our presence in Middle East, we see 
an opportunity to cross sell digital services in those clients which is already a very big customer 
base. So, we want to make sure that we leverage that potential first before spreading ourselves 
too thin in multiple Asia-Pacific countries. 
Sujoy Paul: 
Just one follow up on that, regarding the Canada deal that you mentioned in the results. Canada 
deal is that a sub-Canada deal or are we just expanding on the Canada as an expansion of the US 
or are we having a good investment in Canada as well? 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Good question. There is a presence that we've had in Canada from a people perspective. In fact, 
we incorporated there a specific entity and also have certain people who are based out there. But 
as far as the customer is concerned this is our actually first win in Canada, with the Canadian 
customer. We like the win. It's a decent size win, it's in the life-sciences space, which is also 
something that we are bullish on, and we believe it's a first of many more to come in Canada as 
part of our overall America is a good strategy. 
Sujoy Paul: 
If I'm not interrupting, can you share the deal size if you don't mind? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
It's greater than $1 million with some potential for follow on services for a couple more million 
in the next 6 to 9 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashis Dash from ShareKhan by BNP Paribas. 
Ashis Dash: 
Though you have talked about the UK government business regarding the pipeline, I just a few 
questions on that side. You mentioned that one large multiyear deal of $40 to $50 million size 
when that would ramp up to contribute to the revenue? Second on the 5-6 deals can be all in the 
NHS segment, when you’re expecting that will give flow into the order book? The margin also 
in the UK business has improved sequentially that can be sustainable. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
Good question. So, let me actually start with the last one because we have taken a very conscious 
call where we had some pass through in licensed revenue which we did not want to take in our 
books and partly the dip you're seeing in NHS as well as the improvement that you're seeing in 
margin is a result of that. We believe in the medium to longer term it's a good division. Even 
though it impacts some near-term revenue, it improves our margin that you're seeing in the UK 
as well. As far as the larger deal that I spoke about that is a deal that is going to get finalized in 
this current quarter. We're starting to see some ramp up already in that, but a good part of the 
revenue will come in the next 3 years like I said, we expect revenue to start flowing in Q4 which 
is that the next quarter in a significant way and then it'll continue based on the milestone-based 
projects that we have with that organization. As far as order book in general the deals that I 
talked about some of the larger deals it's tough to predict the closure timeframe to be frank, but 
we do believe that many of them will get decided in the current quarter and the revenue will start 
flowing in Q4 and beyond. So, hence we have cautiously optimistic but we're also bullish about 
the pipeline when it comes to going forward some of these deals convert that revenue will start 
flowing in early part of our Q4 and in the early part of 22 to 23 as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Just one question, during this quarter we have reclassified certain practice lines from the factors 
that we followed from earlier point of view, can you just highlight the same? 
Hiral Chandrana: 
This is an important part of our strategy because as we build certain capabilities for the future. 
What we look at when we say digital engineering and application engineering is all the 
application development work, all the cloud native development, all the DevOps work that we 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
do. So that's classified under that practice. The second practice is in the digital customer 
experience and digital commerce space. This is our direct to stakeholder strategy with not just 
the commerce work, but also our CX work that we do across multiple platforms. It could be in 
the Oracle space, but it could also be in the Salesforce or Adobe Magento space. There are certain 
other elements of digital experience which go hand in hand because when you look at the front 
office transformation that many customers are going through, the supply chain is also have to be 
revamped and the integration and the API work that we do goes hand in hand as well, so that's 
part of that practice. 
 
Oracle cloud and the enterprise applications is really about the implementations business that 
we have, where we are very strong. We have about 175 businesses process KPI’s, our value-
based delivery which is coming from the Evosys acquisition that we made is very strong. We 
are more and more comfortable in terms of delivering to business outcomes versus just based on 
fixed price or time and materials, so that's a very encouraging thing. That's part of the Oracle 
cloud and enterprise applications business and then last but not the least the data automation and 
AI spectrum, this is where we feel we'll make a lot more investments both in terms of people 
potentially, even inorganic elements and while this is a single digit kind of percentage today we 
believe this has the potential to again grow 5x over the next 3 years and we're seeing strong 
customer demand in this area, so broadly these are the four capabilities and service practice 
offering areas. Managed services cuts across all of them, so when we look at the cloud managed 
services as well as a broader next generation managed services, each of these practices have 
elements of managed services while we are seeing integrated deals in many cases across all these 
four offerings as well, so hopefully that clarifies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as this was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Hiral Chandrana: 
All right. Let me take this opportunity once again, thank all of you. It is very encouraging to see 
the momentum that's in the market, but I want to highlight maybe one or two things before we 
close. The teams that we are building are going to be the teams for the future. While we are at a 
point in time today, we're looking at this from a medium to a longer-term perspective as to what 
are those next generation leaders that will build this company to a billion dollars in the future. 
So, you see a lot more candidates and leadership coming in from the market. We are already in 
the process of getting a few onboard and some of them have joined, some of them will be joining 
this quarter and next quarter. Development, leadership transformation is a key part of a strategy 
and employee experience in our Mastekeer experience is very critical as well. When it comes to 
customers, we are the trusted partner in the customers that we are participating in. They trust us 
to deliver well. We have a very focused strategy as you know we'll continue to stay focused on 
the areas that we are really good at, while branching out into few surround spaces when it comes 
to verticals as well as geographies and you're starting to see some early signs like I said in 
Europe, in Americas, in data, in healthcare where we starting to invest those things might take 
time a quarter or two to truly build, but you'll start seeing results for that next year as well. And 
lastly, I really want to appreciate your support everyone on the call and the investors and analysts 
that are covering us. We'll continue to keep all of you updated. We've been a very transparent 

 
Mastek Limited 
Oct 20, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
organization and we'll share parts of our vision 2025 strategy and continue to keep you updated 
on our M&A progress as well. Thank you once again. 
Ashank Desai: 
As Hiral rightly said, we are building for tomorrow. As I talked at the beginning, that from where 
we came from Rs 560 crores revenue we have grown at almost 31% on the year-on-year growth 
on revenue and almost 50% plus on profit and that has happened because of active bold and the 
architecting of the company that we have done over last 5 years. So, when I look back building 
of product portfolio, service portfolio, acquisitions, capability building as Hiral said, is 
something that we are committed to and we'll continue to do that at a fast pace. The pace that 
we have embarked upon last 4 years will continue to have it in the new leadership under the 
leadership of Hiral and board is fully committed to the larger vision and a long-term vision of 
the company to grow with a billion-dollar kind of vision over a next second half of this decade. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mastek Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
