& 
ea 
Se. 
Nath Bio-Genes (1) Ltd. 
(CIN L01110MH1993PLC072842) 
O8th November 2021 
The Manager-Listing 
The Manager-Listing 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-40000 
1 
Mumbai-400051 
BSE Code-537291 
NSE Code-NATHBIOGEN 
Subject- Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/Analysts on Tuesday 
024 November, 2021 post declaration of its unaudited financial results for the quarter 
and half year ended 30 September 2021. 
A copy of transcript of conference call held with Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith 
and the same being uploaded on Company’s website. 
We request you to please take the above on record 
Thanking You 
For Nath Bio-Genes (India) Limited 
  
Company Seffretary 
. Nath House, Nath Road, Aurangabad - 431005 (MS) Tel 
: 0240-2376314/5/6/7 
Nd T H 
Email 
: info@nathseeds.com 
www.nathbiogenes.com 
= 
1, Chateau Windsor, 86 Veer Nariman Road, Mumbai - 400020 (MS) Tel 
: 022-22871001, 22875653/4/5 
GROUP

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Nath Bio Genes Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Go India Advisors” 
 
November 02, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEVINDER KHURANA – CFO, NATH BIO GENES 
MR. VENKATESH N KULKARNI FROM RESEARCH, 
NATH BIO GENES 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SHEETAL KHANDUJA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Nath Bio-Genes Q2 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sheetal Khanduja from Go India Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you, ma’am. 
Sheetal Khanduja: 
Thank you Vikram. Good evening everyone and welcome to the Nath Bio-Genes Earning calls 
to discuss the H1 FY22 Results. We have on the call with us today Mr. Devinder Khurana – 
CFO and Mr. Venkatesh N Kulkarni from Research. We must remind you that the discussion on 
today’s call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the Company faces. I will now hand over to Mr. Khurana for his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Devinder Khurana: 
Thank you Sheetal. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our H1 Earnings Call. 
I hope you would have seen our earning presentation which has been uploaded on the exchanges 
and our website also. At the outset, let me wish you a very, very prosperous and auspicious 
Diwali on this auspicious day of Dhanteras being the beginning and I am sure with the courtesy 
of the God the investing communities will do extremely well. Now I will start with the strategic 
updates and then move on to the financial performance. Commencing with kharif season as for 
agriculture ministry data for kharif 2021 by 16th July only 57% of the 1,074 lakhs hectares was 
sown across the country. Cotton area had reduced by about 11.57%. Paddy has also reduced by 
about 7% on YoY basis.  
Sowing of core (Inaudible) 2.24 like maize, bajra and jowar is also down by about 20.63%. It 
did cover up to certain extent in the subsequent week, but overall there has been a lag in kharif 
2021. Ironically, the reservoir level are also trading as compared to the previous year. As per 
central water commission the life storage across the country is lower by of 7% from last year 
and it is 15% all from the 10 year average. It goes without saying that these have affected the 
kharif sowing across the nation. Our net cotton sales also clocked lower to approximately 12 
million banks which is around 11% lower than last year. This has been primarily on account of 
higher sales return which was close to 27%. While COVID second wave did hamper kharif 
sowing. There is also the issue of illegal BT cotton which the entire organized sector is there.  
We are seeing that farmers are now using an unapproved version of BT cotton. Sales of SCBD 
doubles to a record high 75 lakhs packets of illegal cotton seeds. Industry lobbies have return to 
the agriculture ministry demanding the action be taken to stop our sales noting that the 
cultivation of GMO cotton variant has serious environment and economic consequences I am 
talking of activity. We are also actively working with the farmers to educate them. Paddy sales 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
we have been able to maintain inspite of the overall lag in sowing and we are proud to announce 
that our other seed crops especially bajra, maize, jowar they registered a strong YoY growth of 
around 35% in H1 FY22. So, I would like to say that apart from a temporary setback in cotton 
otherwise we are good to go. Rabi season are safe. We are well positioned for the Rabi season 
and we have lined up the vegetable sales and have well stocked mustered and wheat also. The 
new products in P&L segments are being pushed actively.  
The three verticals created to ensure sales are being consolidated and further augmented. Various 
farmer education programs and road shows are being organized to reach the farthest corners of 
the country. Our research department is constantly endeavoring to create better products to serve 
the forming community at large. On export front we are in the process of establishing an outfit 
in Uzbekistan to cater to the Central Asian market. We propose to setup a for pea for posterity. 
Coming to the H1 operations and financials our H1 revenue grew although marginally to 229 
crores. We have maintained the gross market of 50% plus on YoY basis.  
Our EBITDA margins has marginally improved to 22.56%. We continue to maintain our long 
term debt free status. Our YoY finance cost is higher marginally on account of increased working 
capital financing. We are keeping our working capital under control although the inventory level 
has increased due to sales return, but they are well manageable and we do not expect any write 
offs. Debtors have increased due to sales spread and are still being realized and under control. 
The Company has made a positive operational cash flow once again and that would help in 
easing out the working capital cycle. Company had declared its major dividend and warrant for 
dispatch to all shareholders in August those who have not been able to encash due to any issue 
may please get in touch with our RTA.  
Coming to FY23 growth outlook in cotton we expect a volume growth of 10% to 15% in FY23, 
paddy we are confident of a strong volume growth of 15% to 20%, vegetable segment is still 
showing strong result and we are anticipating a growth of 25% to 30% in the segment. 
Overall, the Company is poised to grow at a steady pace irrespective of the issues being faced 
by the sowing community. With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have a first question from the line of Ankita Nayak from Rubik’s Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankita Nayak: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions what kind of products are in the pipeline in the R&D pipeline 
for the vegetable segment? 
Devinder Khurana: 
We have pipeline tomato hybrids for both acidic and salad one which we are selling better than 
that which is pyramid with the molecular markets then other is we are bringing out very new 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
innovative chilly habits which are recent to viruses the complete trialing has happened just 
yesterday we had a product advancement making of Okra. We have identified two Okra habits 
coming in that along with that two cucumber habits. These are some of the products which are 
going to be lined up in the next year and the next-to-next year. In addition to that in the gourds 
we have a new person looking after for the gourds we are getting gourd products also in the 
pipeline.  
Ankita Nayak: 
My next question is what is the rate of interest for our working capital loan? 
Devinder Khurana: 
Our rate of interest works around 7.5 around 8 consortium rate.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niket Dhruv from Grubber Systems. Please go 
ahead. 
Niket Dhruv: 
As far as my understanding goes I think in the next at least 5 to 10 years we can see a major 
inflation going up especially in the area of food and agriculture, so if that is the case how does 
it positively affect the Company or how does it affect the Company? 
Devinder Khurana: 
Let me just briefly touch on this. You see we are into a sector which can never go down because 
food, clothing and cotton are always going to be the basic primary need of an individual. The 
irrigable land is always at a premium because the land cannot increase and the yields on their 
particular land cannot be increased too multifold. So, what you say is actually very correct 
between the demand and supply gap what is going to happen is if the demand is going to continue 
to increase based on the population levels of a globe and a supply not coming through with that 
definitely it is going to be a premium product. We as a Company has always been a research 
based research strong Company. So, we always try and create products based on the changing 
agro climatic condition and the changing environment. I think we are poised to continue to grow 
along with the industry and do well for our sales and do well for our industrial also. Agriculture 
is first drawn out process  
Management: 
Also I just to add in fact our Company is also thinking of value addition into the seed because 
we are coming out with new innovative products and our product should capture better value in 
the market is also our aim. So, if you think of commodity inflation that will also reflect into our 
seed cost increase because at the commodity level if the prices are realized better than we also 
expect that our prices in the seed sector will also get realized better. 
Niket Dhruv: 
And sir second question is these days we keep reading about genetically modified seeds, so what 
are the view on GMO seeds, are they good, are they bad and how can we see on the world? 
Devinder Khurana: 
It is a fantastic question I am one person who was involved in gene education not bio gene has 
complete belief in new science and technology especially Biotech integrated crop building when 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
I say bio tech integrated crop breeding it involves GMOs also. GMOs are Bio-16 Level-1 kind 
of organism which are to be tested for toxicology and Nath Bio-gene is one of the leading GMO 
supplier especially in cotton and we in our lab there are still some more GMO are lined up only 
we are looking for the policy environment to be improved in India. GMOs are something which 
really create innovations and high yielding ability among the farmers because these are added 
with some genes and all the cash for toxicology and bio safety, etc., are done before releasing 
trade. There are two sciences that I encounter in my life one is prescience wherein a lot of people 
without data they will be making some of the vague statements in the society to create some 
confusion otherwise we are with a data-based people we really create the data one is short-term 
feeding, long-term feeding then the progenies also, etc., means after the reproduction what 
happens. All these data is taken and submitted to the relevant agency and that approval is given 
based on certain committee which discusses it thoroughly that committee involves ministry of 
health, ministry of environment forest, ministry of agriculture, ministry of science and 
technology everybody involves in making this decision whoever are listening to me please note 
that GMO are not dangerous we should welcome these GMO because these help in improving 
both the quantity and quality of the agriculture produce. This will help us in creating both 
nutritionally rich, nutritionally secure and food security society in the world and with GMO 
adaptation India can become a net exporter for agricultural produce to the needy countries all 
over the world and best examples are Brazil, Argentina, US because of GMOs they have become 
a net exporter of many agricultural commodities in the world and India can be one with GMO 
realized harmonization, policy harmonization is done.  
Niket Dhruv: 
Just one last question to end sir just wanted to know like in case if inflation comes and there is 
good realization about for our products, so how capacity expansion what are our plans and how 
prepared we are for the next 5 year or 10 years good time which is ahead? 
Devinder Khurana: 
Capacity production as far as the seed industry is concerned has never been a concern of a simple 
reason because firstly the production takes place on the land and we have a line of growth as 
farmers was not growing with us for almost about effect, all these can be outsourced with the 
processing plants storage is hardly an issue because the government is giving lot of infrastructure 
facilities to create GMO storage and cold storage. So, capacity production is least of my worries 
yes products and good products these would be well accepted into the market are more important 
and Dr Kulkarni and army is basically doing that giving us product after product year after year. 
Management: 
I would like to endorse with that capacity expansion for Nath Biogen will never a problem 
because the contract seed production happens and we have a very big network. The moment we 
feel that we have to enhance our capacity it is just employing few more people and occupying 
few more territories and do it and all the territories where we are producing and expanding our 
business are all known to us. So, be it in North India, be it in Central India or Aurangabad or 
Hyderabad we know already known people to expand that and I am very happy to say that 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
Khurana ji our MD we are all in expansion mode now because last time last year we have 
wonderful product coming out and in fact we expand it to the maximum possible because our 
Chairman always says that do it early and take capture the profits as early as possible with the 
volume expansion this is what is our slogan is now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Palak Chopra from Kapoor Capitals Private 
Limited. 
Palak Chopra: 
Sir my first question is that is there any update on the exports market which you were pursuing 
like what exactly are we stating up in Uzbekistan? 
Devinder Khurana: 
In 2019 we made a feasibility study for Central Asia I was the one who went there currently the 
addressable market present status of the marketing in Uzbekistan alone is around $400 million 
which is expected to increase $700 million by 2027 and $1 billion in 2030 meaning that there is 
the government has very favorable policies from the kind of the communist policies which was 
very stringent wherein investment in seed sector was not possible. Now the governments have 
opened up and we would like to amend their laws to help the investors to come and operate there. 
You know that Uzbekistan is cotton country wherein whole Russian federation was producing 
the cotton and fortunately North Brazil has its own cotton [19:51] which it is introducing in 
Myanmar which it is introducing in Sudan and we are also introducing in Uzbekistan. We have 
after that feasibility study unfortunately we delayed because of the COVID however we picked 
up our phase we have established the Company Nath [20:11] Central Asia to cater the needs of 
those Central Asian countries and we would like to establish our R&D and product development 
and production facility is there. Government of Uzbekistan is helping us in giving us some 
facilities and infrastructure to us. You will be very happy to know that our Company has already 
appointed a country manager there and we have begun our vegetables trials in the winter we 
have vegetables trials going. So, that will be a subsidiary Company which we are going to 
operate it. In addition to other places, other places are like Sudan unfortunately the meetings 
have been postponed because of the unrisk there and which has started happened in the last year 
and we are now trying to project our own image into Myanmar because it is peaceful now. So, 
we are trying to expand ourselves be it as a Company as well as also expanding the distribution 
ship not being present there also. These are our two strategies which we are operating in other 
countries.  
Palak Chopra: 
Sir, my next question is why has cotton returns been higher than anticipated if you could please 
throw some light on that? 
Devinder Khurana: 
You are talking of sales cotton.  
Palak Chopra: 
Cotton returns. 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Devinder Khurana: 
See what happens Palak is that by the end of June we have only placed the material into the 
market and we are only anticipating that the sales return will take place on a x percentage or y 
percentage, but by the end of H1 the entire good which are not being sold have already brought 
back. Last year we had around 26% of sales return here before that the only 11%. So, this year 
I had anticipated around 22% it went up to 27% this is still fine we are okay with that. It basically 
because the sowing areas have reduced overall, the farmers are still confused as to whether to 
come out properly and put the sowing so many things are happening and water tables have gone 
down. So, we are generally borrowing the general average if I may say that.  
Palak Chopra: 
Also sir if you could please just tell me about what marketing strategies are we adopting for 
vegetables segment? 
Devinder Khurana: 
We have created a separate vegetable vertical which has been headed by Mr. R. Pandey, he is a 
guy of immense experience in vegetable sales. He has been given a dedicated set of people 
including hierarchal regional managers and factory managers and field advisors down the line 
and there only job is to sell vegetables and the cost now it will be a separate team selling 
vegetables and only vegetables definitely the dedication will help that we go much beyond what 
we have been doing so far firstly. Secondly we have also identified the territories in which 
vegetable is supreme rather vegetable grow in a supreme. So, extra efforts are being given to 
those areas to ensure the vegetable growth and of course like Dr. Kulkarni said products are in 
any case there.  
Management: 
I would like to add with Mr. Khurana that we have a very clear strategy on two, three fronts like 
one is extracting our own strength because we have R&D and product development and product 
delivery strength in some of the crops we are not very strong. So, we have developed two 
strategy. One is in house sourcing and the marketing wherever we are weak and develop upon it 
and the second one is we expand our presence through our own research and development. So, 
both the strategies are in place. So, we believe in some places we would like to collaboration as 
a mantra and in some places we would like to have our own R&D delivered products also. So, 
with this what we are doing is that we are not going to compromise our product basket on our 
product basket side and as well as on the revenue flow front also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil Sharma from AB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anil Sharma: 
Just a couple of quick questions I wanted to know from you first in terms of paddy I can see that 
the sales we did not see much growth over there, so if you could please elaborate a bit on that 
and new product pipeline that we might have in paddy and number two I just wanted to check 
regarding the employee turnover amongst the senior managers so probably I would just like to 
understand how many employees might have left the organization in the past quarters also SPV 
management level? 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Management: 
Actually in 2019 we made a product status statement in that in which segment we do not have 
product and in which segment we are strong and how do we move those products into market 
and one of the area which is lacking was 120 days maturity products. I am very happy to 
announce you that there are two products probably there are some TV channels which have 
covered and there are some local newspaper which have reported there is one Dhadak, Dhadak 
Gold, and there is one Dhoom. So, these are all suitable for different territory which we had test 
marketed last year and which have been successfully taken approved by the farmers community 
and forming community and thanks to our sales people also they have worked very hard and 
next year we are thinking of exactly doubling whatever we have done it. Our products are 
successful and competitive in these 120 days one crop. So, another is that we have tested initially 
few products on M series means which have DNA markers in that. In that also there are two 
products which are successful, but that will be going for next year test marketing. However, this 
test marketed product will be gain into the volume building in the next season probably in the 
next season if we find rise a very different picture that is what we have withstand.  
Devinder Khurana: 
Just now let me tell you about actually in our Company we have employee who have with us 
maybe more than two to three decades I have myself in (Inaudible) 27:02. Our management 
upward assistant general manager upward at HOD level we have around about 40 people and I 
am proud to say that over last one year not even two to three people left. So, that way our 
employee retention is quite good and the motivation level is good to stay all because everybody 
feel that the Company is going to do well in the future and those who leave in any case we 
always have replacement lined up and the work for operation don’t suffer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
Devinder Khurana: 
At outset let me thank you from the core of my heart for having attended this conference although 
it was scheduled at the fag end of the holidays, but somehow because of operations reason we 
could do it earlier. So, thank you for being with us and thank you for the continued interest in 
our Company. I would like to only reiterate the fact that based on the research and the effort 
being put in research by the Company we are always trying to create pipeline products which 
will be well accepted by the farming community and create an overall benefit to the farmer. This 
would result in the Company growing. The growth has been partially stagnated over last two 
years basically because of COVID and COVID related problem still I am proud to announce that 
we have not suffered as much as others have suffered, but we plan to jump back to our original 
growth prospect that we have been announcing and hopefully Kharif 22 is going to be another 
bumper year for the Company. Thank you stay with us. Thank you very much. 

 
Nath Bio Genes  
November 02,2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Thank you gentlemen of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on 
behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining with us 
and you may now disconnect your lines.  
