_______ K.P.R. MILL LIMITED_______
Corporate Office : 1st Floor Srivari Shrimat, 1045, Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641018. India © : 0422-2207777 Fax : 0422-2207778
23.11.2021
To
The Listing Department
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd 
1st Floor, Rotunda Buildings, 
Phiiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Mumbai - 400 001
The Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot: C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051
Dear Sir,
BSE: 532889 I NSE: KPRMILL
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 29th October, 2021
In Compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached, transcript of the 
aforesaid Conference Call.
Please take the same on record.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For K.P
Limited
Company Secretary
Encl: As above
Regd. Office : No. 9, Gokul Buildings, A.K.S. Nagar, Thadagam Road, Coimbatore - 641 001. © : 0422-2478090, Fax : 0422-2478050 
GSTIN : 33AACCK0893N1Z9 Email: corporate@kprmill.com Web : www.kprmilllimited.com CIN : L17111TZ2003PLC010518

Page 1 of 35 
 
 
“KPR Mill Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Post Results Conference Call” 
 
October 29, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. PRERNA JHUNJHUNWALA – BATLIVALA & 
KARANI SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. P. NATARAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPR 
MILL LIMITED 
MR. P. L. MURUGAPPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – KPR MILL LIMITED 
MR. P. KANDASWAMY – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
KPR MILL LIMITED 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 35 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KPR Mill 
Limited Q2 FY2022 Post Results conference call hosted by 
Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prerna 
Jhunjhunwala from Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, Madam! 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Thank you Lizaan. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of 
B&K Securities, I would like to welcome you all for 2Q FY2022 
results conference call of KPR Mill Limited. From the company, 
we have with us the senior management including Mr P. Nataraj, 
Managing Director of the Company, Mr. P. L. Murugappan, Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Kandaswamy who is the Company 
Secretary of the company. I would now like to hand over the call 
to the management for initial remarks and then we can take the 
conference for Q&A session. Thank you and over to you! 
P. Nataraj: 
Thank you Prerna. A very good evening to one and all. I am             
Mr. Nataraj, Managing Director, KPR Mill Limited. I welcome you 
all for the KPR Mill’s Q2 earnings call of the FY2022. 
We are happy to report that KPR recorded the highest turnover 
and PAT for the quarter ended September 30, 2021. The textile 
business as a whole continued to be good. The yarn segment 
performed well due to strong domestic demand. Our focus on 
value added products and cost optimization secured better 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 35 
realizations. Given the sharp recovery in the US and the 
European markets export garment orders remained healthy. 
The wind power generation during the quarter was also good. The 
favourable ease of doing business environment, supportive 
government policies, competitive labour cost have strengthened 
Indian textile industry as an alternative sourcing destination for the 
leading international textile players. 
Regarding the cotton, both domestic and the international prices 
ruling are very high. Irrespective of the record high prices of 
cotton, the demand for cotton products are also going up. The 
expansion project initiated in the garment and sugar segments are 
nearing completion. We are positive on the textile industry market 
due to a rise in demand and support from the government through 
innovative schemes such as mega textile parks and the creation 
of a world class infrastructure which are expected to provide the 
necessary push to this sector and attract large investments. 
With these opening remarks, the floor is now open for questions 
and answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin with the 
question and answer session. Ladies and gentleman, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Tanvi Bandari from Hem Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Congratulations on good numbers. I have two questions. One is 
can you just update on your existing capex plans for the garment 
manufacturing as well as the other for sugar and also what would 
be EBITDA guidance for future as you had already mentioned that 
you were able to maintain EBITDA of more than 20%. So, what 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 35 
was ideal for the full year and the capex plan stated? Can you just 
tell me the status of your capex plans for the new garment facility 
and the expansion of sugar and ethanol production so what is the 
status, when can we expect it to be fully commissioned and also 
what would be your EBITDA guidance for the full year? 
P. L. Murugappan: Both the project on completion stage. We are expecting that the 
project will be completed during this quarter and we will 
commence the production. The exact date of commissioning will 
be announced. Regarding the EBITDA, since we are increasing 
the value additions products we hope that the margins will 
improve from the earlier stage of 20% to say 22-23% level. This 
quarter and the last quarter the EBITDA margin is very high 
because of the very good market and we will hope that things will 
improve from their existing levels. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
So you expect the EBITDA margin going for 22-23%? 
P. L. Murugappan: They are expected to be around this level but these two quarters 
are very good. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Just one more thing, Sir. You had earlier mentioned that once 
these two expansions complete we can have additional revenue 
of Rs.500 crores from the sugar production and from the new 
garment facility of approximately Rs.600 Crores. So, when can we 
see that rolling in our books? Is this expected to commission this 
quarter? 
P. L. Murugappan: New Garment facility is expected to commission this quarter. It 
will take about 9 to 12 months for ramping up. New Sugar facility 
will start functioning full capacity within a month’s time. So we can 
see a full production of sugar in the coming year 2022-23 and 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 35 
garment full production, about 50% of the production will come in 
2022-23 and full production will come in the year 2023-24. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the 
line of Bharat Chhoda from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Chhoda: Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. I had a question on this RoSCTL 
accrual like, we had not accrued it earlier in the Q4 and Q1. So, 
have we accrued that and taken in the accounts in this quarter? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes, Sir. We have taken this in this quarter. 
Bharat Chhoda: What would be the quantum of that, Sir? 
P. Nataraj: 
It is somewhere around 37 Crores. 
Bharat Chhoda: How much? 
P. Nataraj: 
Rs.37 Crores accrued during this quarter. 
Bharat Chhoda: Okay. Sir, I also wanted this sales volume for Q2 for yarn, fabric 
and garments. 
P. L. Murugappan: Yarn sales 18,500 tonnes, fabric 3000 tonnes and garment 27 
million. 
Bharat Chhoda: 37 million, these are sales numbers, right? 
P. L. Murugappan: Volumes. 
Bharat Chhoda: Sales volumes. Sir, one more thing about the cotton, Last time 
when we had spoken it was indicated that we had a stock of 
cotton at a price of around Rs.49000 per candy but now the prices 
have gone up significantly. So, do we see the yarn spread 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 35 
strengthening from that level or we will be able to maintain the 
yarn spread? 
P. L. Murugappan: Sir, cotton whatever we had is almost consumed. Now we are in 
the new season. The cotton prices are higher now. The yarn 
prices are also moving up in line with cotton prices. We hope that 
the margins will be maintained but not at this level. It will be 
maintained than normal level about 30% plus kind of a level. 
Bharat Chhoda: Sir, what about the garment profitability because there are lot of 
challenges in logistics and input costs. So is the garment 
profitability also likely to be maintained or there could be some 
lower profitability in garmenting as well? 
P. L. Murugappan: Garment profitability is expected to be maintained. 
Bharat Chhoda: Okay, Sir. Thanks a lot for answering the question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma 
from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: Good afternoon, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have 
two questions. First, regarding the strong EBITDA margin. Sir, 
which segment has led to this heightened EBITDA margin? Which 
segment contribution? Is it yarn segment contribution or other?        
I just wanted to understand why the EBITDA margin has gone up 
this quarter? 
P. L. Murugappan: Sir, actually the yarn business did really well during this quarter 
because usually there was about 20 plus kind of EBITDA margin, 
now this quarter it is about 30% and the garment margin also very 
good during this quarter. It is about 30%. Overall margin also 30% 
plus gain. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 35 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay. So, both yarn and garment this quarter margin is 30%. 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes. 
Biplab Debbarma: Just follow up to this do you see this margin in both garment and 
yarn segment to continue in near future? 
P. L. Murugappan: Since last three quarters was off season cotton margins were 
maintained. Since it is a new season we have to wait and see. We 
hope that things will be good but we are not expecting the same 
kind of 30% margins. Usual margin will be there at least it will be a 
little more also. 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay. Second question is from sugar and ethanol. You have 
given us a guidance that is fine, but just wanted to understand. 
So, you said by FY2022-2023 it would be operating at full 
capacity. So, if I assume that everything is there and they are 
operating at full capacity what is the volume of sugar you can 
produce from your mill and volume of ethanol that you can 
produce from your mill once it gets fully operational testing 
capacity? 
P. L. Murugappan: Capacity we can crush similar tons of sugarcane. We can 
produce about 90,000 tonnes of sugar and close to about 4 
Crores litres of ethanol. 
Biplab Debbarma: Yearly, each year you can have 90,000 tonnes of sugar and how 
much litre of ethanol, Sir? 
P. L. Murugappan: Close to 4 Crores litres of ethanol. 
Biplab Debbarma: Thank you, Sir. I will come back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naushad from 
Systematix. Please go ahead. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 35 
Naushad Chaudhary: Couple of clarifications, Sir. Firstly, on the margin side, you 
mentioned the number. Can you reclarify it? The RoSCTL which 
we shared is Rs.37 Crores or Rs.31 Crores? 
P. L. Murugappan: Rs.37 Crores, Sir. 
Naushad Chaudhary: And that is the arrear not of this quarter, combined of last       
three quarters. 
P. L. Murugappan:        Yes. Correct, Sir. 
 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Is it combined of this quarter and previous two quarters or 
is it the arrear amount of Rs.37 Crores? 
P. L. Murugappan: 
Rs.37 Crores for January to September, Sir. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Can equally divided in? 
P. L. Murugappan: 
Yes, equally divided. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Okay and apart from this what all other factors that help us 
in terms of this margin? 
P. L. Murugappan:  We had cotton, yarn prices went up sharply, so margin has 
increased. In the same way, garment demand also increased 
substantially, so garment margin is also good. During this year 
we have run the ethanol plant in off season also, so sugar and 
ethanol margins were also good during this quarter. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Understood. Secondly, can you share the value breakup of 
the yarn, fabric and garment? 
P. L. Murugappan: 
Yes. Yarn value Rs.500 Crores. Fabric Rs.86 Crores. 
Garment Rs.455 Crores. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 35 
Naushad Chaudhary:     What is the current order book we are sitting at for yarn, 
fabric and garments? 
P. L. Murugappan: Rs.750 Crores. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Okay. So, this includes the commitment of our upcoming 
expansion as well, this Rs.750 Crores or this is for only the 
existing capacity? 
P. L. Murugappan: It is only for the existing capacity. Generally, we accept orders 
on commissioning of the plant. So only we accept orders 
depending upon the ramping up. It is a labour intensive business. 
We train the labour in batches. Based on the labour strength we 
will accept order. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Perfect. Lastly, on the commissioning of 40 million pieces of 
capacity, are we? 
P. L. Murugappan:  It is on time, Sir. We will commission it. 
Naushad Chaudhary: In terms of labour requirement, are we hopefully filled with 
the kind of labour requirements we are expecting for that? 
P. L. Murugappan: We are in the process of recruiting the new and required labour. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Okay. Thank you so much, Sir. I will come back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ahmed from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. Can you give the revenue 
breakup for sugar and ethanol for the current quarter? 
P. L. Murugappan: Sir, what do you want? 
Ahmed: A revenue breakup for sugar and ethanol? 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Sir, sugar revenue Rs.50 Crores. Ethanol revenue                    
Rs. 52 Crores. 
Ahmed: Okay, Sir. Thanks. And, Sir, the new sugar and ethanol facility when it will 
be commercialized? 
P. L. Murugappan: During this quarter it will be commercialized, Sir. 
Ahmed: This sugar season how many days you will be able to operate, this sugar 
season? 
P. L. Murugappan: We are planning to operate at maximum days. We will 
commission it early to utilize the season. 
Ahmed: 
Okay, fine. What is the sugar inventory currently? 
P. L. Murugappan: Currently it is about 10,000 tonnes. 
Ahmed: 
Okay, fine. Sir, regarding the spinning spread the last few 
quarters we enjoyed and the industry also enjoyed the spinning 
spread and currently the domestic as well as the global cotton 
prices are firming up. So what kind of margin that we can expect 
from the current levels in the yarn segment? 
P. L. Murugappan: Presently it is roaming around 20-23% kind of margin in the yarn 
segment based on the current cotton prices and yarn prices. 
Ahmed: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Chheda 
from Canara Robeco. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Chheda: Sir, first question would be on the Ethiopia side like any progress 
on the Ethiopia side? And, secondly I wanted the margins, so yarn 
margin was 30% and apparel was 30%, is that correct? 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, correct. You are right. 
Akshay Chheda: And, Sir, sugar what was the volume that you sold? 
P. L. Murugappan: 15,000 tonnes of sugar sold. 
Akshay Chheda: And ethanol? 
P. L. Murugappan: Ethanol is 1 Crore litres. 
Akshay Chheda: Sir, on this Ethiopia side, any update there? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, still the unrest is going on in Ethiopia and we are in discussion 
with the Investment Commission in Ethiopia. Our people are also 
in touch with them. We are waiting for their response. We will take 
a suitable action at an appropriate time. 
Akshay Chheda: Sir, the margins if you can just repeat for yarn, fabric, sugar? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yarn and fabric, Sir, margin is 30%, garment margin is 30%, 
sugar and ethanol is about 20%. 
Akshay Chheda: Okay. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Garud 
from Ocean Dial AMC. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Garud: Congratulations on a great set of numbers, Sir. Just wanted to 
understand from a broader perspective, I mean, I remember 
earlier the management discussed how this new capacity of 
garments would scale up around 18 months and now you can see 
the bullishness, it expected to scale up in a year or less, so do 
you have any plans of further capex from a garmenting sides 
which may come up in next year or so because as we grow on 
this particular on volumes from a garmenting side from next 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 35 
quarter onwards, do you have any plans from a growth angle for 
the next 3-4 years? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, our focus is to value additions. So, here in the textiles the final 
product is the garment which gives the maximum value addition. 
So that is why we said the last five years we have gradually 
shifted from investing capex from yarn to garment and yes, our 
focus is mainly on the garments and the new facility may be 
commissioned by this quarter then once the ramping up is over so 
we have plan to expand further. In fact, the government has also 
announced various other schemes like Textile Mega Park with lot 
of infrastructure facilities, like plug and play model already the 
government has announced. So we are also waiting for that and 
the location and what kind of facilities they are creating. Once the 
facility is created we can, install the machines and start the 
production like, we went to Ethiopia where they have given us 
plug and play method so if same system brings in to India it will 
be, more for the encouragement for the textile industry. So we are 
looking for that. We are also having a plan of going for further 
expansion in the garments once the ramping up is over. So, this is 
the plan. 
Ashutosh Garud: Great. Sir, just to clarify the new capacity for garments the 
realization for these going to be higher than what we are doing 
right now. Would that be a fair assumption? 
P. L. Murugappan: No, this will be at the same level because we are making the 
same product, so the expansion is also in the same line.            
The realization will be at the same level. 
Ashutosh Garud: Fair enough. Sir, lastly, you can give us colour on how things are 
moving, from a supply chain perspective for, I mean, India 
emerging as a strong alternative from lot of supply chain moving 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 35 
out of China because of the cotton issues. So if you can give us 
some colour on how are your talks with the customers going on, is 
there any interest from them and how do you see this spanning 
out over the next three years? 
P. Nataraj: 
Definitely, we are very positive and the scenario looks very 
encouraging, particularly on garment side. It is too early to predict 
the percentage and period it is in the minds of all the customers 
that they also want to source through some other alternate. So 
they are seriously looking for that. And, we are also able to feel 
because, you know, order booking also increasing in India and 
definitely we are confident that something will happen but it is too 
early to predict the quantum or the percentage to say but 
definitely we expect bright future for the garment. 
Ashutosh Garud: Thank you, Sir. Thanks a lot and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari 
from Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Good evening and thank you for the opportunity, Sir. Sir, just one 
question on our retail venture, the brand that we have launched 
FASO any plans to aggressively scale it up, how was our 
experience been as it has been over a year, maybe two now, 
given the huge cash that we generate. Any plans on that and 
anything on the aggressive side? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, presently if you look on the last one to one and a half year we 
could not able to push the brand because of this pandemic. From 
this July onwards things are improving. Now we are pushing our 
brand across Southern India, we are doing large advertisement, 
campaign and all. The turnover has increased substantially in the 
last two to three months, now we are reaching about Rs.1.5 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 35 
Crores to Rs.2 Crores per month. We hope that from hereon we 
can push the brand to next level. We have appointed few 
consultants for this purpose and advertisement campaign also 
going on. Since it is festival time things are all picking up very 
nicely. We hope that we will reach our goals even though it is 
delayed a little bit because of this pandemic we will reach our 
goals in time. 
Pratik Kothari: 
About this appointment of consultant or advertising would it 
involve some higher expenses or we maintained our earlier 
stance that we grow it slowly and not spend too much money 
there? 
P. Nataraj: 
Not spending too much money but required advertisement and 
other things will be done and that we will be doing. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, just to clarify you said you are currently doing one and a half 
to two Crores a month? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes, turnover is about one and a half to two crores a month and 
we are going for a little aggressive advertising doing this since it is 
a festival season we want to push it further. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough, Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod Malviya 
from Union MF. Please go ahead. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Thank you for updating my question and congratulation for a good 
set of numbers. I had a couple of questions. First is on the margin 
side. I know in this particular quarter there were like multiple 
things. One is definitely, you know, earlier incentives have been 
recorded in this quarter and also you are sitting on some cotton 
inventory which also helps you to, you know, report such a strong 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 35 
margin. Now given the current cotton prices and current cotton 
yarn prices, what kind of a margin should one should, expect 
given the current market time? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, it is too early to predict the margins for the current quarter 
because cotton being an agriculture commodity we have to wait 
for some time. We hope that it will be good because both cotton 
prices and the yarn prices growing in line. So, we hope the 
margins will be good only. We have to wait for some time. 
Vinod Malviya: 
How much compression with the spread has happened because 
of this cotton prices going up sharply? Can you actually provide 
that data like on a sequential basis, let us say x now, it has 
become 0.8 of x or any guidance on that front? 
P.L. Murugappan: Current margins are very good because usually yarn margins 
used to be about 18-20% range, now it is more than 20%. The 
margin is very good now and we hope that it will be maintained. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Okay. They are still above 20%. That is what you are saying. 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes. 
Vinod Malviya: 
They have come down from 30%. 
P.L. Murugappan: Yes, 30% because we had some inventories that also resulted in 
gain. 
Vinod Malviya: 
The second question basically was on your capex side. So, I 
know that Indian government is incentivising, look out to set up lot 
of facilities in India but just wanted to understand your thought 
process on, you know, setting up a facility let us say in 
Bangladesh. Now Bangladesh has a lot of favourable duties when 
it comes to certain European region. So if you just like, explain 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 35 
your thought process that why would be you reluctant to set up a 
facility in Bangladesh?  
P. Nataraj: 
No. In fact we visited Bangladesh also and we have seen, their 
facilities and labour, all these, you know, resistance and all these 
things, you know, well before, even like before going to actually 
Ethiopia and we have seen, you know, all these studies, the 
feasibility then this Ethiopia was the better option so that is the 
reason we went through Ethiopia and unfortunately there was 
some issues there and finally we see that here mainly in India if 
we see labour front and we are able to manage the labour, the 
migrant labour wealth so then I think India is the best destination 
for their future, so that is why we have decided now to expand in 
India only even two years before also we thought of if everything 
goes well we can expand further in Ethiopia, but unfortunately 
some problem has happened there, so that we decided to go in 
India itself. 
Vinod Malviya: 
If I have to just summarize what we have said it is difficult there is 
a geographical risk that is there in Ethiopia and that could also 
probably in Bangladesh also and as far as India is concerned 
there is abundant availability of labour and also the raw material is 
available locally so that is the main advantage which is here? 
P. Nataraj: 
In Bangladesh most of raw material, particularly yarn and cotton 
are actually exported from India only long time, we do not know if 
something happens such as restriction on our export yarn or any 
policy change make total difference. So Bangladesh is totally 
dependent on other countries particularly India for raw material. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Just wanted to reconfirm, the numbers which you said to some 
earlier participant, this is basically on the peak sugar generation 
and ethanol, you said 90000 tonnes is the sugar peak is 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 35 
generation which you can go from this capacity and around 4 
Crores litre this is for the new facility right? 
P. L. Murugappan: No, it is existing factory. New facility we can produce 
somewhere around 6 Crores litters of ethanol and about 
75000 tonnes of sugar. 
Vinod Malviya: 
But you are also expanding the sugar capacity in ethanol so from 
this new facility how much incremental peak sugar and ethanol 
you can generate? 
P. L. Murugappan: The new facility we can produce 75000 tonnes of sugar and        
6 Crores litres of ethanol. 
Vinod Malviya: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Badjatya 
from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Badjatya: Thanks for the opportunity Sir and congrats for the great set of 
numbers again. My question is with regards to textile chemicals 
availability like few weeks ago there was a talk that there is a 
disruption on couple of the chemical supply to other parts of the 
world and that is why Indian textile companies also facing issues 
of textile chemicals availability, so what is the situation now, are 
we facing such kind of the difficulty in the coming period? 
P. Nataraj: 
If you see in the last six months, the cost of all the raw material 
prices has gone up including even if you say that construction like 
almost steel prices have become double. Similarly cotton price 
also doubled from 40000 to 65000 so ultimately the product price 
also has gone up. Here also the same situation. In chemical also, 
the price has gone up very stably, but once the price is going up 
means the demand is building up. There is a huge demand but 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 35 
the product is available at higher cost. For using in the processing 
chemical available, but at a higher cost. So we do not feel there is 
any shortage or non-availability of chemicals, only the thing is 
price is high. Another reason is transportation. The container 
availability delayed haulage and all these things hiked its price but 
otherwise the chemical is available. 
Ritesh Badjatya: Secondly on the freight side only I want to understand for the 
future contract when you said it is higher and negotiation 
happening so is there any component of the freight has also now 
discussed and will be a part of your contracts agreement that, is 
there will be a rise in the container cost or dip in the container cost 
than the price will be accordingly adjusted or how the thing is 
that? 
P. Nataraj: 
What we have booked order mostly all are FOB basis only, so the 
freight charges are borne as per the contract which is not for our 
cost, our supply is on FOB basis only. 
Ritesh Badjatya: Lastly Sir, on the fashion side, are you seeing any change in the 
trend post COVID, the demand is a bit different and that is why we 
are seeing more component of fashion articles in our supplies with 
our buyer compared to the basic articles, so the mix will be 
changed move towards the fashion and that is also realization will 
be further improved from here, is there any trend? 
P. L. Murugappan: We hope so, because after the COVID now the situation is 
improving. The cost of the product from raw material to finished 
product, everything is going up. We have to wait and see, how the 
customers and the consumers trend is changing. At various 
places lockdown continues. Gradually entertainment facilities are 
opening. It has to be settled down for some time, then only we will 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 35 
know what is the right direction. We have to wait and see for 
some more days. 
Ritesh Badjatya: Lastly on the cost optimization side just wanted to understand in 
all our operations, be it in the sugar, textiles or garmenting side, is 
there any more opportunity for automation to be increased and 
that is how we can reduce the cost and reduce the dependence 
from the labour, is there any further scope or how is the situation? 
P. Nataraj: 
Spending side, there is a scope. If we go for more automation, we 
can reduce the labour further. But for the new capacity only we 
can go for automation. It will be more expensive than the labour 
cost, for existing capacity. So we have to find via media, which is 
the best option. But the machinery manufacturers year on year 
also updating the technology. Whatever is possible we are 
introducing in the existing facility. For example, in spinning, there 
are six, seven departments are there. For example, in winding 
even now there is little automation. Wherein we are investing a 
small amount and reducing 5% or 20% of the people in the 
particular area, so this kind of things are going up. But if you take 
garment, garment is the most automated factory wherein the best 
technology machinery available in the world is imported and 
erected. The operation is manual, so more labours have to be 
employed. If you take sugar, it is most automation wherein the 
labour is very less. In the new sugar unit also the most modern 
technological machines are erected. So there the employment is 
very less compared to the textiles. In textile particularly garment 
employees more people than spinning or knitting. 
Ritesh Badjatya: That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mulesh Savla 
from Shah & Savla LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 35 
Mulesh Savla: 
Thanks for taking my question. Heartiest congratulation Sir for 
excellent set of numbers. My questions are answered, but just a 
followup question on that retail venture, when are we planning to 
go pan India so far as our retail venture is concerned? 
P. Nataraj: 
We have planned to go pan India within two years. Because as I 
had already explained, in the last two years almost one-and-a-half 
years has gone because of pandemic in many parts of the 
country, everything was open except cinema halls or the malls 
and even the retail shops were not opened. Only recently they are 
also opened. So we are gradually moving. That is why one year 
before itself we launched in entire south that is the five states. 
Then at the time of planning to launch to North India and other 
parts of the country, suddenly pandemic has happened. Now the 
things are getting into normal. We are now slowly moving into 
other parts of the country and hopefully the things will happen in a 
couple of years. We are pushing very fast after the pandemic. We 
are very aggressively pushing, to compensate the loss of one-
and-a-half years’ time, so that Pan India should be covered in the 
next one year that is our focus. So we are fully on the job and 
everyone is fully paying attention to speed up. Suppose we have 
travelled 100 kilometres we want to push it 200 kilometres so like 
that. That is the way we hope that we will achieve that. 
Mulesh Savla: 
Great, I am sure manufacturing facility should not be concern to 
us, it is only the marketing strategy that may be problematic? 
P. Nataraj: 
Exactly Sir, because even some people told that manufacturing is 
the most difficult area in retail. But we are absolutely having very 
strong hold and everything is in-house, from the yarn. As said in 
the call, may be like two, three quarters before, I told that 
everything is the best quality, superfine yarn we are using for our 
FASO products and processing also we are doing special process 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 35 
to get the luxury of the fabric and the knitting also they are making 
the fabric using the special machines like the most modern Mayer 
& Cie machine which is the best machine in the world. So like that 
everything we are making now. From the manufacturing point of 
view, absolutely we are very comfortable and making the best 
quality and it is also organic product. So the product wise we are 
able to make the best manufacturing. As you said marketing we 
have to push for which we are paying full attention on that. 
Mulesh Savla: 
We are confident Sir, because we have seen and used their 
product and product is excellent and I am sure that once we go 
pan India, we can even definitely give tough challenge to Jockey 
also. 
P. Nataraj: 
Thank you very much Sir. 
Mulesh Savla: 
That is all from my side and all the very best Sir. Thank you. 
P. Nataraj: 
Your words are really great encouragement for us, actually this 
makes us to work still more aggressively. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Garud 
from Ocean Dial AMC. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Garud: Thanks for giving us the opportunity for followup. I just wanted to 
clarify on ethanol and sugar, what would be our total production 
for ethanol once the new facility let us say in FY2024 if we are 
operating at full capacity, what would be the total production? 
P.L. Murugappan: You are asking about combined production of ethanol and       
sugar? 
Ashutosh Garud: Yes, please. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan:   We are estimating sugar is somewhere around 155000 tonnes, 
ethanol is about 10 Crores litres. 
Ashutosh Garud: Okay, great, thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma 
from Antique Stock broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, two, three things, first is on 
your guidance looking at your turnover and optimistic outlook, Sir, 
do you FY2023 guidance 4000 or it would be more optimistic that 
we may surpass this guidance for 4000 in FY2023? 
P. L. Murugappan: You are asking about the turnover Sir? 
Biplab Debbarma: Yes, from the textile. 
P. L. Murugappan:  From textile, the consolidated textile turnover we cannot tell you 
the futuristic number, we hope that we will grow by 15% from 
here on. 
Biplab Debbarma: That is fair enough and second thing Sir, I was just wondering, 
we know cotton on spreads may have led to the heightened 
EBITDA margin of yarn and fabric segment, but in the garment 
segment since we have the order book we have everything 
priced, predetermined price and at the same time raw material 
cost are also freaked since by cotton in advance, Sir what led to 
this 30% EBITDA margin in the garment segment, because 
everything seems to be the margins could have been steady, but I 
am positively surprised with the heightened margin, increase in 
past, it is not as volatile as it was? 
P. Nataraj: 
Basically this quarter it has gone up because of RoSCTL.              
We have accrued during this quarter for nine months, because of 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 23 of 35 
which the margins are very high in the garment division. 
Otherwise, the margin available is 23% - 24% kind will be 
maintained. This 30% was because of six months’ exports 
incentives accrued during this quarter. 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay, if we remove this then it will be something around 24%, 
25% right? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes. 
Biplab Debbarma: One final question is on our capacity build up, so this is a 
hypothetical question, let us assume that China plus one or 
whatever domestic demand, or FTA whatever may be the case, 
the demand has increased and something we received some 
demand 200, 300 million pieces of garment for KPR, so how easy 
or difficult, what would be the timeframe for us to ramp up 
significantly, is it possible? I mean, obviously it is possible, but 
what would be, how easy or difficult, can you just give us some 
action on the ramping up of our garment facility? If we have            
the demand say 200 million, 300 million pieces of garment 
traditionally? 
P. Nataraj: 
This is what we just told. Ramping up in the sense, we have to 
recruit and train the workers and we have to meet the garment 
orders also. When training more people, accepting more order 
also is difficult because it will not match the trained employees. 
When order booking comes heavily as you said 200 million, 300 
million we can ramp up the production activities in six months’ 
time. 
Biplab Debbarma: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move onto the next question that is from the 
line of Naushad Chaudhary from Systematix. Please go ahead. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 24 of 35 
Naushad Chaudhary: Couple of clarification Sir. Firstly, on the garment 40 million 
capacity which is in process and expected to come in this quarter, 
of the total expected requirement of 5000, how much of them we 
have recruited as of now? 
P. L. Murugappan: We are recruiting somewhere around 1000 people and the 
training is going on. Once 1000 people come into line, we will start 
training the next batch that is what we do. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Typically, how much time it takes from recruitment to 
training? 
P. L.Murugappan: It will take about 45 days. Each batch may be somewhere 
around 500 to 750 people. That will take about 45 days for them 
to train and put them into the regular line. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Okay and 35 days would be for finding them so total of two-
and-a-half months? 
 P. Nataraj:        Recruiting them may not be a problem. Whenever we require the 
people will come. So we will plan accordingly, we need not wait 
for 30 days for people to come.  
Naushad Chaudhary: Secondly, if I heard it correctly, we have mentioned that we 
may think of or we are thinking of having another garment 
expansion if I heard it correctly, so would it be Greenfield or 
Brownfield and would it be similar size of what we are working on 
currently or would it be smaller size of expansion if we do it in 
future? 
P. Nataraj: 
We can plan for the same size of what we are doing, may be plus 
or minus. Previously we made 36 million, now this is 42 million. 
Somewhere around 40 million, will be comfortable and we can 
manage. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 25 of 35 
Naushad Chaudhary: Is it something at very advanced of discussion or we have 
just thought about it and not discussing it on a regular basis? 
P. Nataraj: 
Our focus is on the existing business. Because this project is 
ongoing project. Once the project is completed and at least 50% 
of the ramping up is over then we will think of that. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Lastly on the industry side Sir, is there any view you would 
like to share in terms of the India’s talks with US and Europe in 
terms of how Bangladesh, Vietnam and other another country is 
getting, to those market versus we have disadvantage, so is there 
any development or anything you are hearing? 
P. Nataraj: 
I could not understand your question; can you repeat? 
P. L. Murugappan: Are you asking free trade agreement? 
Naushad Chaudhary: Yes. 
P. Nataraj: 
This is the ongoing process. Government is discussing with these 
countries, but not yet finalized. We are also following, but we 
cannot do anything, government has to take the call. We hope 
that something will happen in the coming future. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani 
from Carnelian Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: I just wanted to understand is there structural impact with the 
Xinjiang shutdown or sanction that has been passed. What is the 
kind of impact that we are seeing in our business and is there is a 
structural change on account of Xingjian shutdown or sanction 
that has happened in very recently? 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 26 of 35 
P. Nataraj: 
We could not able to hear you properly. 
Sameer Dosani: I was just asking whether there is a structural impact on textile 
industry and whether we are benefitting from the sanctions that 
have been passed on Xingjian region of China? 
P. L. Murugappan: This is the talk going on in the market. But we are not seeing 
any definite changes in the market, but we hope that it will happen 
in the future. Because it is the very large industry now, we cannot 
get the feel of it immediately it will take some time. 
Sameer Dosani: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanvi Bandari 
from Hem Securities. Please go ahead. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Sir, I just want the clarity that the PLI scheme that was just 
recently announced by the government and also the increase in 
export incentives from 2000 Crores to 10000 Crores, so how we 
are to get benefit from the same? 
P. L. Murugappan: PLI scheme we are studying. Most of the scheme is designed 
for the purpose of manmade fibre and manmade fibre based 
garments alone. We are also manufacturing manmade fibre and 
we are studying whatever benefits are available. Probably we can 
also avail it and we may be taking a call during this year. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Could you speak a last line; it is basically for the manmade fibre 
so how are we like to get benefit from the same? 
P. Nataraj: 
We are also manufacturing manmade fibre. We are studying how 
we can get benefit out of it, because most of the benefits given to 
the Greenfield project. We are studying the scheme and how it 
would be beneficial. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 27 of 35 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Just one more question, you had mentioned that you have the 
cotton inventory till October 2021 and the average cost that of the 
inventory was approximately 49000 per candy as compared to 
56000 per candy that was prevailing around the previous quarter, 
so what are the cotton prices currently and as an inventories 
almost finished, so at what price can we look at the inventory 
now? 
P. Nataraj: 
The cotton price presently is ruling around 65000 per candy and 
we have inventory for a month. This is the end of the season and 
normally we keep stock for four to six months. We buy cotton 
during the season where the quality will be better so that we are 
able to give consistent quality. Normally we keep around 30 days, 
stock so this is the position. New cotton today is pricing almost; 
we see the last one week every day the price is going up. It is a 
big difference comparatively. I would say around 10000 to 15000 
higher level and this is also we can say that behaving like capital 
market. It is moving upwards continuously and it is also 
unprecedented never in the history of cotton industry, it touched 
this price. We do not know when it will go down. We are very 
cautious in buying the cotton at present. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Are you able to pass on this price rise in cotton? 
P. Nataraj: 
Once cotton price is going up, equally yarn price is also moving 
up. Time gap will be there like two weeks’ time. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Thanks Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Venkatesh 
an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Venkatesh: I have two questions from the margins front. Since our margins 
are more on the garment exporting and clients are more 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 28 of 35 
concentrated in North America and Europe. I have question on 
this, how are the free charges affecting, due to free charges rise, 
are we seeing any new countries taking up India’s shares like 
Jordan especially because I read somewhere that Jordan is taking 
major of the garment’s shares, what are your views on this? 
P. Nataraj: 
I already explained in the earlier call. We generally accept the 
orders on FOB basis. It will not have impact on our business and 
also some medias are saying because of the freight cost, some 
orders are getting diverted and all. But we are not seeing it 
actually, the things are okay only, some small orders may go from 
here and there and all, but the overall garment business in India is 
doing extremely well during this period. 
Rajiv Venkatesh: Thanks a lot for your answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanush Mehta an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I had two questions. 
The first one pertains to vision or our growth plan in our export 
business, how do we plan to scale it up and where do you aspire 
to go in the next three to four years and the second question is 
with respect to rise in cotton prices I wanted to understand how 
are our spreads affected with rise in cotton prices on a normal real 
time basis or that is on a quarter-to-quarter basis? 
P. Nataraj: 
Our core business is textile and in textile particularly we are 
focusing in the last five years the value addition product that is the 
garment that is meant for export. Every two years we are 
expanding our garment capacity either Greenfield or Brownfield. 
So once this project is completed then we will think of the next 
project We continue to focus so for next two, three years and 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 29 of 35 
regarding cotton, the cotton price steeply is going up and equally 
yarn price is also moving up. So the spread is maintaining in the 
same level but the time gap is there. We cannot exactly predict its 
movement percentage. Same percentage yarn price also moves, 
with some plus or minus but there will be time gap. For example, 
today cotton price increases, yarn price may go up after one week 
or like that. History also shows whenever the cotton price goes 
up, yarn price also moves up, when it comes down, yarn price 
also comes down the margin maintained almost at the same level. 
In the last couple of months, we had the inventory at low cost and 
because of that we are able to make higher margin. Otherwise 
both cotton and yarn moves in the same direction proportionately. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Thanks a lot and good luck for the coming quarter Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Bangra an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Bangra: 
I missed these points on the profitability margins. If you could 
again just give some colour around what could the profitability 
margin be relative to what it was in current quarter, last reported 
quarter? 
P. L. Murugappan: Current quarter profitability, overall the growth is 30%. 
Generally, the profitability in textile business will be somewhere 
around 20% to 23% kind. Yarn is somewhere around 20%, the 
garment used to be somewhere around 23% to 25% kind of return 
and we hope that these kind of profitability can be maintained. 
Presently the profitability margins are little higher than the normal 
ones. 
Kapil Bangra: 
Thank you. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 30 of 35 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Chhoda 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Chhoda: Thanks for the followup opportunity. Sir, I had a query about our 
captive consumption, so our yarn captive consumption is around 
30%, so how much it will move to with the new garment capacity 
becoming operational? 
P. L. Murugappan: It is expected to be somewhere around 40%. 
Bharat Chhoda: That is all from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanvi Bandari 
from Hem Securities. Please go ahead. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Sir, just few questions. One you earlier said that, your exposure in 
US is pretty less, which is approximately 22%, so has this share 
increase post COVID or are we seeing 22% and are we doing or 
taking any steps increase shares in the US market? 
P. Nataraj: 
Previously, we were fully giving attention on the European market 
and slowly as the capacity increases we are looking for other 
markets also to spread the marketing areas. We are now doing 
with few customers in US, Australia, New Zealand proportionately 
we are increasing in other market also. We are discussing with 
some large customers in US, so definitely our size will increase 
after the new capacity to US. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Earlier you had mentioned that you had a share of 22% in US, is 
that is an impact reduced, how do we seen it? 
P. Nataraj: 
Can you repeat? 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 31 of 35 
Tanvi Bandari: 
In earlier concall you had said that Europe being the key market 
you had export share of approximately 54%, to Europe and US to 
22%? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Are these numbers intact or has it change in your key market? 
P. Nataraj: 
There is no change. US is going up, because of this volume is 
increasing.  
Tanvi Bandari: 
Also you have setup of companies in Singapore for the same, so 
is there any fruit has been yielded for the company that has been 
setup in Singapore? 
P. Nataraj: 
Your voice is not very clear. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Earlier you said that the company has been established in 
Singapore? 
P. Nataraj: 
We had already established the company in Singapore. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Are there any fruits that have been yielded from the same? 
P. Nataraj: 
What you are asking? 
Tanvi Bandari: 
From the company that has been setup in Singapore? Have we 
started export activity to new market, are you exploring in 
Singapore? 
P. L. Murugappan: Singapore company is mainly dedicated for Ethiopia’s business 
Since opening up the business at Ethiopia there were some 
issues and hence Singapore company is also not in operation 
now. We are finding some other opportunity. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Could you please repeat? You are not very clear. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 32 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Basically, this Singapore company was formed for the purpose 
of KPR Exports PLC business, since Ethiopia business was facing 
some problems, Singapore there are no operations now, we are 
finding some more opportunities from Singapore company and till 
not yet done, we are just finding some more opportunities there. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Just one last question, in one of the reports that you said that 
China had major imports of yarn from India, now has there are 
problems in China and then again Q2 lockdown in the textile out 
of China, so how do we see the yarn prices going up or the yarn 
export still affected, because China was the major market 
followed by Bangladesh? 
P. Nataraj: 
Still the export to China is continuing. There is no fall in the export 
to China, but export to Bangladesh has also gone up. India is 
having the largest market in the world having more than 23% of 
yarn exports and it is spread across so many countries and so far 
till today China is the largest importer from India, so this is 
continuing, irrespective of the transport or containers issues. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
One followup, do we have any dependence on China in terms of 
our supply chain or in terms of final sales, apart from the exports 
that we are doing for China, so any further lockdown would affect 
our numbers or something? 
P. Nataraj: 
We do not have any direct business contact with China. 
Tanvi Bandari: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivan MS from 
JHP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shivan MS: 
Good evening Sir. Apologies if this question has been taken 
previously, but I just wanted to know of the new garment facilities 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 33 of 35 
that we are adding and the recruitment that we are doing of 
labour, are you facing any difficulty in getting labour? 
P. Nataraj: 
Within the state almost the labour availability has come down little 
bit. So we are recruiting from other northern states, like Odisha, 
Bihar, Jharkhand, UP, even Assam so various other states. 
Availability of the labour is plenty. Only during the pandemic 
transport was not available. Now everything is out and now there 
is no issue at all. In fact, we are quite comfortable and even for 
the language purpose we have engaged HR people also from the 
same states. As they speak same language, absolutely no issue. 
Shivan MS: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sendil Kumar, an 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sendil Kumar: 
Good evening Sir. I am calling from Chennai. Regarding the 
FASO brand, the reach is very minimal even in superstores or 
something like last year I was able to identify the products in 
many places, but this season when we are going to purchase your 
brand is somewhat minimum even in prominent market places, 
may I know what is the reason, is it because after COVID situation 
or something some other external reasons? 
P. Nataraj: 
May be because of the COVID situation. We were the new entrant 
when we pushed into the market. But once COVID has started 
one-and-a-half years before we are not able to reach properly to 
the stores or the dealers or distributors. We found little tough 
times. May be because of that the availability may be less, but 
now in the last two, three months, we are working on that. We 
have the capacity, we have excellent product, there are 
manufacturing setup, we have employees with us. Now we are 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 34 of 35 
pushing it to almost all the stores. The initial feedback received by 
us is encouraging. 
Sendil Kumar: 
Product wise, quality is very super Sir, but only thing is availability 
and the size? 
P. Nataraj: 
We also realised that. Because of the COVID pandemic situation 
we were unable to make it available as we planned. 
Sendil Kumar: 
This festival season you also started putting up ads to TV promos 
although those I can see actually, is there any plan to open in the 
exclusive outlet in prominent locations? 
P. Nataraj: 
That is also on the cards. We are discussing all these things. That 
is why we are aggressively planning. The last one-and-a-half 
years we lost it we are now thinking of moving it faster. So I think 
in a very short and quickest time we will push them and we are 
confident that we will come out very strongly. 
Sendil Kumar: 
Thank you. Your product is really nice, but the thing is you have to 
put more pressure on the availability and reach. All the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. 
P. Nataraj: 
Thank you very much. The Company has observed sustained 
growth in the last two quarters bouncing back from the lockdown 
impact. The product mix of high margin, ability to withstand any 
eventualities, strategic expansion plans, comfortable cash flow 
and above all, the continued support from all the stakeholders 
have sustained and improve the growth prospects of KPR. So I 
thank you all once again and our hearty wishes for a safe and 
Happy Diwali. Thank you very much. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 35 of 35 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Batlivala & Karani 
Securities that concludes this conference call. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
