Page 1 of 8 
 
 
“Ashiana Housing Limited  
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN - EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VARUN GUPTA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR - 
ASHIANA HOUSING LIMITED 
 

 
 
  
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Good day, Ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 Results Conference Call 
of Ashiana Housing, hosted by Emkay Global Services. With us today we have Mr. Varun 
Gupta – Whole Time Director. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the end of today’s 
presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain of Emkay 
Global Financial Services. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Good evening everyone, I would like to welcome the management and thank them for this 
opportunity. I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. 
Over to you sir. 
Varun Gupta: 
Good afternoon everyone, hope you all are safe and in good health. Thank you for joining 
us to discuss performance of the second quarter of financial year 2022 of Ashiana Housing. 
I extend a warm welcome to all of you. 
 
Area booked recorded in the second quarter of FY2022 was 4.51 lakh square feet as 
compared to 2.29 lakh square feet in Q2 of FY2021 and 1.51 lakh square foot in Q1 of 
FY2022. The second quarter area booking were higher due to launches of phases in Ashiana 
Nirmay, Bhiwadi and Ashiana Dwarka, Jodhpur. But I would also like to add that there is a 
general positive trend in the market and bookings were higher in general across projects and 
outlook remains bright in terms of quarterly bookings. 
 
We also handed over 1.45 lakh square feet in Q2 FY2022 out of which only 0.08 lakh 
square feet was delivered in partnership firms. This was against a delivery of 1.1 lakh 
square foot in the Q2 of FY2021 out of which only 0.03 lakh square foot was delivered in 
partnership firms. 
 
Revenue recognized from completed projects in the second quarter was INR 45.6 Crores 
compared to INR 36.23 Crores of second quarter of FY2021. 
 
Total comprehensive income in Q2 FY2022 was negative at 6.36 Crores vis-à-vis negative 
1.74 Crores in Q2 of FY2021, total comprehensive income was negative 6.14 Crores in the 
first quarter of financial year 2022; however pre-tax operating cash flows (modified  and 
before land payments) was positive at INR 28.18 Crores for the second quarter versus 
positive INR 29.60 Crores and for the first quarter of this financial year, and however the 
half yearly reported operating cash flows as per the Ind AS- 7 stood at negative INR 121.64 
Crores this was primarily due to land payments made and we picked up two outright 
projects one in Gurgaon and one in Chennai in the half year. 

 
 
  
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
Equivalent area constructed was at 4.5 lakh square foot in the second quarter of financial 
year 2022 as compared to 2.89 lakh square foot in the previous quarter and the same was 
3.01 lakh square foot in Q2 FY2021. Execution momentum has picked up with this quarter 
and we expect to further pickup pace in construction in the quarters coming up. 
 
Our construction commitments are in line with the delivery schedule and we hope to deliver 
our projects on schedule. 
 
On this note I would like to conclude my remarks we will now be happy to discuss any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the Q&A session. Our first question is from 
Himanshu Upadhyay of O3 Capital. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Good afternoon Varun. First question was we said in our Q4 FY2021 call that we have 
reached a stage in Guragon where can pull our product beyond senior living also. If you 
look at Chennai market how far are we away from the state or situation where we can go 
beyond senior living and what gives us a confidence that this is the right time that you want 
to look at beyond senior living means just some of your thoughts and how do you come to 
that conclusion, it would be helpful. 
Varun Gupta: 
I do not remember making the first comment in Guragon doing anything and we can do 
something other than senior living in the context that we have never done senior living in 
Guragon in the first phase and in NCR whatever senior living we have done as compared to 
regular housing is a far smaller proportion in Bhiwadi we have done a lot more regular 
housing there in the first phase so the confidence of regular housing in NCR comes from 
doing a lot of regular housing work there probably not a 5000 flats all put together is not 
more in NCR in terms of regular housing. So that is the context there is in Gurgaon we want 
to do regular housing we see brand, we see positioning in capability, in Chennai given the 
success and pricing and the margins we are enjoying in senior living we want to continue to 
focus on senior living we have picked up one land already for one more senior living 
project at the end of the second quarter and we are hopeful to close one more land 
transaction within the third quarter for another senior living project in Chennai so in 
Chennai our view on the depth of the senior living market and the competitive advantage 
we are enjoying we would like to focus on senior living in Chennai at this moment. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And even in Pune would it be both senior living and… 
Varun Gupta: 
In Pune we are doing both one project is senior living and one project is the regular 
housing. 

 
 
  
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 8 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And we have completions of nearly 3 million square feet in next six quarters and this is I 
am taking the slide number I think 15 okay we have the timeline expected customer 
handover day time taking and a significant proportion of the product was sold in 2018 and 
2019 what impact are we going to see on margins because at the fag end what we generally 
see is high value items like wire, switches, faucets, etc. get fitted and significant price rise 
are happening in these products. Are we able to increase the price for the remaining 
inventory significantly or you think to a certain extent expected margins may get hit in 
these projects. 
Varun Gupta: 
So wherever projects has already been sold completely there is nothing we can do let us say 
in a project like Ashiana Aditya where we sold everything and launched there is no 
remaining inventory to cover up cost so there will be some margin compressions but I do 
not expect significant impact let us say Aditya phase I is compared to Aditya phase II where 
we sold and then not only finishing cost but also the material cost for construction also went 
up some of that will happen but on the regular on the other stock where we are part to sell 
we sold some units and some units are yet to be sold we have had price increases across the 
board excluding the regular housing projects in Bhiwadi senior living in Bhiwadi has also 
seen price increase and substantial price increases in that which has seen in our average 
realization for this quarter again going up substantially to 3, 6, 7, 8 and we expect to keep 
increasing prices right now so I am more than hopeful that price increases will be higher 
than input cost increases going forward, but some of it will depend on project to project the 
stage it will deal and when it was sold how much you can come in. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And Varun next question would be same we see the projects under construction our 
ongoing projects to salable area is 4.3 million square feet and we have already sold three 
okay. Since we want to reach another let us say regularly 2 to 2.5 million square feet are we 
having the amount of new launches over next 18 to 20 months we can start reaching that 2 
million square feet type of sales in the next financial year or around that period or how are 
you looking at it and related to that one more question the two land parcels which we have 
got Gurgaon and Mahindra World City how much time will it take for launch in those sites 
or how long or lengthy the process of getting approvals, yes these two final questions and 
thanks from my side. 
Varun Gupta: 
So they are interlinked Himanshu so that is what so far the launches the pipe is being built 
we also put out the information today to the markets for one more JV that we have signed 
off in Jaipur for about a little over 9 lakh square foot. We have signed up a lot of projects 
approvals for a lot of projects has been applied for some are in the application stage so form 
an 18 to 24 months period that you are talking about the highs right now the visibility seems 
good to have enough launches to maintain a run rate of 2 million square foot Jaipur is the 

 
 
  
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 8 
only place where we need a little bit more work in Jamshedpur both places so Jaipur we 
announced a deal today in Jamshedpur we are working on transactions so we will be putting 
out some transactions where we will get approvals, approvals are at typically about a 12 to 
15 month window from the date of the transaction alone. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one small question see in this Mahindra World City project we are doing a senior 
living project and it is a large project nearly 1 million square feet of salable area so does the 
agreement have that either it can be only senior living or it is a open agreement but we have 
decided that the product is senior living which we want to do or at least the agreement… 
Varun Gupta: 
The agreement is strict the phase I to the senior living and up to three years I think we will 
or two or three years from the date of agreement will only get senior living, but we intent to 
do only senior living so it is a little irrelevant according to us right now the intent is to do 
senior living. Himanshu with that I would request that you get back in queue if there are 
more questions in these people. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
No that is all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rohit Balakrishnan of ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So sir my question is also similar in line with the previous participant. So if I look at your 
completed stock and the inventory where it is hardly anything 3 lakh square feet and also 
the ongoing inventory we have pretty much I mean you sold 2/3rd only 1/3rd is remaining. 
So while we have like Gurgaon is there and couple of more that you have recently launched. 
So just want to understand given the approval cycle and given the long lead times I mean 
we our previously question remains first year in terms of sales ideally we would want to 
sort of grow beyond that in this cycle. So just want to understand how are you thinking 
about launches do you think in the next six months, 12 months know it is a bit of a, there 
are not timelines around this, but just want to understand, yes, coming to the point your 
existing inventory is getting finished. So just wanted your thoughts for that, we can get to a 
beyond 2 million square feet kind of sales in this up-cycle in the next few years. 
Varun Gupta: 
Rohit absolutely we want to go beyond 2 million square foot so two things on that one part 
of the pipe is also some of the projects have phases which are unlaunched which are 
approved let us say Ashiana Anmol in Gurgaon, we have launched phase II about 2.8 lakh 
square foot during this quarter so some projects Ashiana Nirmay, phase V it is a very small 
piece but that might get launch soon we will have Ashiana Umang phase VI these are 
launched where approvals are aimed we will launch them so they will not have any 
concerns in getting launches going at which I sort of on the anvil that we are thinking now 

 
 
  
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 8 
that with which stock and so as and when in the particular project certain phases are nearing 
completion of selling our stock we will go ahead and launch newer phases to act to supply. 
The other meet is getting approvals for fresh projects in getting them in the pipe as well and 
that lot of active work is going on at this point of time to get more and more projects in the 
pipe Gurgaon, Pune, Chennai where we have closed transactions, Jaipur we have closed 
another transaction so and the approvals are in process for a couple of other projects. So 
there is a sort of intense focus right now to build the pipe to take maximum advantage of the 
up cycle that is coming in at this point of time. So you will have probably in the next 24 
months we will have announcements continuously on deals for new projects and 
announcements for launches of fresh projects as well as and when we get approvals though 
I think the new complete new project launches will happen in next financial year onwards I 
do not see the approvals coming in for completely new projects within this financial year. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Understood, got it and just so in this financial year 2022 can we sort of get back to pre-
COVID in terms of sales, in terms of square feet levels or that seeing a difficult because we 
have the tough quarter though previous quarter Q1. 
Varun Gupta: 
In which financial year. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Yes, in this financial year FY2022. 
Varun Gupta: 
In this financial year getting to pre-COVID levels would be a little difficult next financial 
year would definitely we are on the sale. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Got it, thank you so much I will get back in the queue if I have more questions. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from V.P. Rajesh of Banyan Capital. Please go ahead. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Hi Varun good to speak with you again and congratulations. I just wanted to understand 
how many more term sheets you have out there in your various markets and if you can talk 
about that a bit. 
Varun Gupta: 
We have two active term sheets right now so we have closed four transactions during the 
year and we have two active term sheets at this point of time one in Chennai and one in 
Vac. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Are you seeing the land prices getting out of that or are you still finding them to be 
reasonable just wanted to hear your commentary on that. 

 
 
  
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Varun Gupta: 
We did fortunately the four transaction we have closed the land prices have not been out of 
that. The only place where I see land prices going out Vac in Jaipur. So therefore it has been 
a little bit challenging to find transactions there but we are looking there also to find true for 
land parcels but outside of Jaipur I do not see land prices going out of vac anywhere else at 
this moment. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And in Bhiwadi you said the pricing has not gone up so any comment as to when do you 
think you will be able to increase the pricing there. 
Varun Gupta: 
So according to us I think we are on the edge of increasing prices in Bhiwadi as because as 
prices continue to increase in Gurgaon that will flow in Guragon what has happened as land 
prices have gone up significantly particularly plot prices apartment prices have not gone up 
yet. We expect apartment prices to follow land prices and once apartment prices go up in 
Gurgaon I think Bhiwadi will follow next according to once as per our perspectives, but in 
Bhiwadi senior living which is becoming a bigger and bigger part of the portfolio there we 
are moving we moved a large part of the land bank towards senior living in Ashiana town 
the Gamma project is going to be senior living project we have increased prices in senior 
living and we continue to see possibility to increase prices in senior living in Bhiwadi. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And you said that next year the launches will be higher compared or like 320 lakh kind of 
numbers next year due to that we will start seeing happen in the first quarter itself or it will 
be more backend business yet. 
Varun Gupta: 
We expect things to happen in the first quarter itself we see but with the approval it is 
difficult to say where they are but the way things are moving right now I would expect that 
we start launching a project for quarter hopefully. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And my last question if I may just on the Pune market how are you seeing the developing 
for us do you think it will be a senior living or is it always be both or I am just curious how 
are you seeing that market for us. 
Varun Gupta: 
Pune is too early to say positive we will place let us do both projects there and see what the 
response is to see what happens but my first that phase that the market where we can do 
both quite well. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Thanks all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions from the participants I 
would now hand the conference over to the management for their closing remarks. 

 
 
  
Ashiana Housing Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 8 
Varun Gupta: 
We would like to thank all of you for being on this call. Thank you for taking out the time 
and I think the question that you do if you were unable to take any questions please feel free 
to write to us directly or reach out to us directly and with that we would like to conclude 
this call a lot of the material we have spoken about is posted on our website and you can 
also email your queries for any further clarification. Thank you once again for taking the 
time to join us on this webinar. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
