
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Meghmani Organics Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 27, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ROHIT NAGRAJ - EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT PATEL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED 
 
MR. GURJANT SINGH CHAHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED 
MR. BHARAT MODI – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
ADVISOR - MEGHMANI ORGANICS LIMITED 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 Results Conference Call 
of Meghmani Organics hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. Before we get started, I 
would like to remind you that the remarks today might include forward-looking statements 
and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking 
statements. Any statement made on this call today these are based on assumptions as on 
date and we have no obligations to update these statements as a result of new information of 
future events. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir! 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks. Good evening, everyone and I hope everyone is in good health. I would like to 
welcome the management of Meghmani Organics and thank them for giving us this 
opportunity to host the concall. We have with us today the senior management team of 
Meghmani Organics represented by Mr. Ankit Patel – Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Gurjant 
Singh Chahal – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Bharat Modi – Investor Relations Advisor. 
I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, over to you, 
Sir! Thank you. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you Rohit. Good afternoon, everyone and sorry to keep you waiting. There was some 
technical glitch. Thank you and good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to 
Meghmani Organics Q2 and H1 FY22 Earnings Call. 
First, let me give you a quick overview of our Q2 FY22 results. Despite the challenging 
business environment, Meghmani Organics topline surged by 28% to Rs. 545 Crores and 
this was due to strong performance in both the divisions. 
Our export sales grew by 44% YoY whereas the domestic sales declined by 11%. Export 
contributed by 80% of our revenue and the balance 20% is contributed by the domestic 
sales during Q2 FY22. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 78 Crores and the EBITDA margin stood at 14.2% 
during Q2 FY22. Profit after tax for this quarter stood at nearly Rs. 65 Crores.  
Highlighting our H1 FY22 performance, our revenue registered a robust growth of 45% 
YoY to Rs. 1,041 Crores which was aided by both pigment division as well as the agro 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 13 
division. Our export sales grew by 60% YoY. The export and domestic sales mix stood at 
80:20 for the H1 FY22. EBITDA during the first half grew by 5.8% to Rs. 165 Crores and 
EBITDA margin is 15.9%. Our profit after tax registered a strong growth of 41.5% at Rs. 
133 Crores.  
On the balance sheet front, our cash and cash equivalent stood at Rs. 212 Crores as on 
September 30, 2021. The Company continues to maintain the low-rate status with a 
comfortable debt to equity ratio of 0.33:1. Meghmani Organics return ratios like ROCE and 
ROE remain healthy at 17.4% and 21.9%, respectively as on September 30, 2021.  
Looking at our segment performance, our pigment business delivered revenue growth of 
16.7% YoY at Rs. 171 Crores due to better realization in the Q2 FY22. Our sales volume 
for the quarter grew at 2.7% YoY to 3,700 metric tons while the EBITDA stood at Rs. 16 
Crores with a margin of 9.1%. Exports contributed 83% to the topline in Q2 FY22. Our 
utilization for the plant remains 90.7% in Q2 FY22 against 75% in Q2 FY21. 
Agrochemical business delivered the revenue growth of 34.5% YoY to Rs. 375 Crores. I am 
happy to share with you that Meghmani Organics achieved ever the highest export sales in 
the quarter by clocking 53.6% YoY growth at Rs. 305 Crores. The export sales contributed 
83% in this quarter. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 72 Crores while the EBITDA 
margin stood at 19.3%. Agrochemical division capacity utilization stood at 80% in Q2 
FY22. I am delighted to share with you that our recently enhanced 2-4,D plant capacity is 
currently functioning at above 75%. 
On the capex front, the agrochemical ongoing capex of Rs. 310 Crores is progressing as per 
the plan and the commencement of the commercial production is expected to begin in Q2 
FY23. It will additionally contribute about Rs. 600 Crores revenue in the topline. 
Additionally, we are exploring multiple opportunities to enter into new pigment colours. 
The development towards the same would be shared with you in appropriate time. As we all 
know that India’s chemical industry is at an inflection point as the multinational companies 
opting for China plus one strategy. Meghmani Organics is well placed to tap these growth 
opportunities by being committed to maximize its return on investment and create value for 
our esteemed stakeholders. With this, we would be happy to take any questions that you 
may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Rahul Veera: 
Ankit, just a quick question in terms of these raw material pressures are we seeing this in 
Q3, Q4 as well or in terms of passing on the price to the end customer you see that thing 
happening over the next couple of quarters? 
Ankit Patel: 
Rahul, let me explain to you for both the divisions agro and pigment, we have a sizeable 
export business. In the export business normally, we have pending orders for nearly two 
months on average and we do not go back on our contracts and on our commitments. At the 
same time, the raw material supply sudden increase in the raw material pricing, majority of 
the raw material pricing that has been a challenging time for the industry as a whole and we 
are very hopeful and now everyone in the world understands that this is the global situation 
nobody is spared from this situation. The prices have started increasing which is a positive 
sign and we hope that in the coming quarters our margin should improve. 
Rahul Veera: 
Okay, perfect Ankit. This is helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav from Deloitte. Please go ahead. 
Raghav: 
Good evening, Sir. Can you give some guidance on the margin for H2 FY22, although you 
have just answered that it will improve, just a small sort of guidance exactly what is the 
expansion that you are witnessing? 
Ankit Patel: 
Raghav, if we see the margin point of view this year between two divisions, Agro division 
is still in the range of 20% EBITDA margin. If you look at the industry as an average for 
the Agrochemical it varies between 16% and 18%, so we are above the industry average 
even in this quarter and will try to maintain it. For the pigment division yes, we are down in 
terms of the EBITDA margin, which is below 10%. On an average as an industry pigment 
industry generates 13% to 15% EBITDA margin and it has been very challenging for the 
pigment division in this quarter, but we are very hopeful that in the second quarter we 
should be able to improve to make it in double digit. 
Raghav: 
Thank you, Ankit. Sir, the second question is on the capex front, you have guided like in 
pigments Company would target revenue of Rs. 1,000 Crores by FY24 and similarly in 
Agrochemicals Rs. 2,000 Crores revenue by FY24. So, can you just guide exactly what type 
of products or what type of business that you are planning to deliver? 
Ankit Patel: 
Sure, for the Agrochemical division as we have mentioned that we are doing the capex of 
Rs. 310 Crores which will generate revenue of more than Rs. 600 Crores. So, with this kind 
of revenue and the current capacity what we have we will be crossing Rs. 2,000 Crores 
topline in the Agrochemical division. The kind of the project which we are doing, kind of 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 13 
the product we are bringing in the new project of Rs. 310 Crores, I am sorry I am not able to 
disclose at this point. We will be disclosing the details about these new products while we 
will start the commercial production in Q2 FY23. The reason for not disclosing the products 
and the intermediate name we would like to keep it low profile because these are new 
products and not being manufactured by many companies in India. So, secrecy point of 
view we are keeping it a little low profile, but these are the new products in the Meghmani’s 
basket, and it is going to be a very good situation in the coming days’ time for the 
Agrochemical division. Now, coming to the Pigment division, we have already mentioned 
that we will be crossing the Rs.1,000 Crores topline by FY24. With the current planned 
capacity in the phthalocyanine, and pigment green and pigment blue we are reaching about 
Rs. 700 Crores – Rs. 750 Crores. We are working on a new kind of pigment, which will 
help to change the complete situation of the pigment division. We are working on some big 
projects, and it is being we are not able to announce at this juncture, but we are very hopeful 
that in the next concall of next quarter we should be able to make a proper announcement 
for the pigment division as well which will give the growth plan to achieve more than Rs. 
1,000 Crores topline for the pigment division as well. 
Raghav: 
Thanks, Ankit. Thanks for the guidance and congratulations once again for delivering a 
good result in such a tough time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Just a couple of questions, what is the gross debt of the company? 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
We have long-term debt of Rs. 300 Crores and our working capital remain in the range of 
Rs. 125 Crores to Rs. 150 Crores and as on September 30, 2021 as just pointed out we have 
Rs. 213 Crores of liquid investments in hand. We are very much comfortable as far as debt 
is concerned, so our debt equity is 0.33:1 as on 30 September 2021. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
What has been the investment done so far in the new project for Agrochemicals? 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
Around Rs. 85 Crores of capex has been spent in the new project. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
So, the debt or whatever it has been taken has already been included in the figures which 
you told me, right? 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
Debt is inclusive of all, and we have spent money out of that. So, MOL5 is the new project 
we are talking about and Rs.85 Crores of cash flow has been done so far on this project. 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Ankit Patel: 
We will be very watchful also it will keep our debt equity less than 0.5:1. So, this is where 
we would be working very hard, so we will be able to generate enough free cash flows as 
well in times to come as the capex will be implemented and start generating revenue. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
As you mentioned that new products you cannot disclose, but what will be the margins for 
the new products similar to 20% to 25% range or you are expecting better margins? 
Ankit Patel: 
Agrochemical on an average as I mentioned generates about 16% to 18% EBITDA margin. 
Definitely, it will be a little better than that. As I mentioned that we always would keep our 
EBITDA margin above the industry average. The new products will relatively have a better 
EBITDA margin it will help to boost our margins in the coming years. 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
The process of identification of a new product, we always do a lot of study about it. We 
study the market potential first vis-à-vis the natural capacities and the capacities as well at 
the same time we always work on the sustainability of the margin that we are trying to 
estimate about it. Generally, what would happen that we have a plant which is already in 
operations and therefore we will be able to take lot of advantage in terms of improvising our 
margins when we really identify new products. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay, and for these new products the backward integration will also be taken care of as well 
we still are dependent on the raw materials from China? 
Ankit Patel: 
Even today Dipesh, our dependence on China is not that much and definitely as Meghmani 
our capability is always to be the backward integrator and in the new project also the 
product which we are bringing are having the backward integration. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Just last question, will we be having a separate concall for Meghmani Finechem or in this 
Con-Call only we can ask the questions for Meghmani Finechem? 
Ankit Patel: 
Meghmani Finechem is a separate listed company now. So, it has a separate concall, and it 
was held yesterday. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhay from Sanmati Consultants. Please 
go ahead. 
A. M Lodha: 
Mr. Ankit Patel, this is A. M Lodha here. Sir, I have seen your results, I have two or three 
queries regarding to accounts. I think Mr. Chahal will be able to give the reply of all my 
queries. Number one, other expenses on year-on-year it was Rs. 82 Crores, on quarter-on-

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 13 
quarter it is Rs.101 Crores and now in this quarter it is Rs.127 Crores. What is the reason of 
this steep increase in other expenses? 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
If you see there are three main components to other expenses which come in this one is the 
logistics cost, so due to this global supply chain disruption this has significantly increased. 
Second is power and fuel which we use, so now you know with increasing coal price, so 
steam price and power prices have also gone up. Apart from that, now we have capitalized 
our 2,4-D plant, this is a new capacity which has come in and  additional production if you 
see  is also up by 40%, in case of Agro division. So, that is in line with the increase in 
production, so these are the three main reasons for the increase in other expenses. 
A. M Lodha: 
While your inventories have gone up from Rs. 373 Crores to Rs. 527 Crores in this six-
month ending September 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
In the case of inventories, the major reason  as we just mentioned, one is Q2 has been 
always season  for Agro division, number one. Number two, due to supply chain disruption 
all the sales which are on CIF basis their transit time  little bit increased so that is why stock 
in transit is higher by Rs. 100 Crores this quarter as compared to March which is a spillover 
from this quarter to next quarter. 
A. M Lodha: 
My last question is to Ankit Patel, we listened to the concall of Meghmani Finechemicals 
yesterday and according to them their project is 70% complete since caustic soda price, 
chloromethane price, hydrogen peroxide as well as caustic potash all are reeling at their 
lifetime peak. So, they must be having good cash accrual, so why do not we ask Meghmani 
Finechem to refund Rs. 222 Crores odd something which is parked in the convertible 
debentures. We should bring back the money to the company, we should ask them to refund 
the amount Rs. 225 Crores to the Meghmani Organics? 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you Lodha Saab for your suggestion. We will discuss internally about this, and we 
will do whatever best we can do. Thank you. 
A. M Lodha: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from Emkay. Please go ahead 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks, and good afternoon, Sir. My first question is on the Agrochemicals front, we have 
seen that from China the availability as well as prices, have gone up significantly probably 
partially reflected in our numbers as well. How do you foresee the situation in the next 
couple of quarters on the availability front as well as on the pricing front whether the 
existing high price environment will remain for the time being and then it will start 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 13 
correcting and have we faced any challenges in terms of getting any material from the 
import route? Thank you. 
Ankit Patel: 
Rohit as far as raw material dependency on China are concerned as 65% of revenue is not 
dependent on China, yes for certain raw material we are dependent on China. We are well 
aware of the situation which was going to arise. We made plans in such a way that we do 
not face any issue as far as our production is concerned. So, far there is not any issue from 
the supply from China point of view. Yes, the lead time has been increased and you need to 
maintain little high inventory. Second thing yes, the China disruption has increased the 
price of the various chemicals directly or indirectly and it is giving a tough time to everyone 
in the industry to analyse it but if you tell me the kind of the information what we are 
getting from China and from various other sources we feel that the situation will not going 
to improve until March 2022. So, for the next five months to six months the situation is 
going to be little tight because China is going to have the Winter Olympics and followed by 
the New Year in China. We have seen in this particular time there is always pressure on the 
industry. So, this is one thing, yes after that there will be some reduction and supply will 
also improve as well as the prices will come down, but it is not going to come down very 
soon. In a way it is helping the Agro division from the topline point of view, so not just our 
company but every other company’s topline is going up but because of the drastically raw 
material price increase the margins are under pressure a little bit. So, far we have been able 
to maintain the margin to a reasonable level. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks. Second question is on the pigments business if you look at the Q2 numbers actually 
the utilization level or production level has increased as well as the revenues have 
increased; however, the margins have compressed. So, if you could just give us a colour on 
which and all are the user segments where we have seen a contraction in terms of demand 
and where the demand is now probable back to pre-COVID levels and how is it shaping up 
for the foreseeable future given the orders that we are currently having in hand? Thank you. 
Ankit Patel: 
As far as the pigment division is concerned, demand has improved and we see that the 
COVID effect has gone back to normal and people are asking for the material globally in 
different market. As far as the margins are concerned, there is a pressure because the key 
raw material for the pigment division is phthalic anhydride, urea, cuprous chloride, 
aluminium chlorides. Now, two of the raw materials are copper and aluminium based which 
is we know that metals are very high, and which has increased the input costs at the same 
time the industrial grade urea which used to be in the range of about Rs. 20 to Rs. 25 today 
it has crossed Rs.60 which is a significant increase in the cost. Phthalic anhydride, I am sure 
you must be aware the prices have gone up and as I mentioned in the call that we normally 
have a two month to three months order on hand and we do not go back on our contracts. 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 13 
But now in this quarter, we are able to pass on the price increase to our customer and in the 
coming days’ time I think our margins will improve in the pigment division as well. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks, for the answer. If I have any question I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhay Lodha from Sanmati Consultants. 
Please go ahead. 
A. M Lodha: 
Mr. Chahal, one follows up question, this finance cost in this quarter has been shown as a 
credit? 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
Lodha Ji, as you know in our case, we have more than 80% exports and due to depreciation 
in the currency that is the benefit which we get. So, in this, there is a MTM gain that is why 
in our foreign currency borrowing there is a gain it has come in the quarter as credit. 
A. M Lodha: 
Okay, then how much is the foreign currency loan in the books as on date? 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
Our entire long-term and short-term is 100% in foreign currency borrowing and we have a 
very standard forex management policy as a natural hedge also so, we take in foreign 
currency. 
A. M Lodha: 
Okay, what is the cost to the company is this foreign currency loan which you have taken 
against the natural hedge of the export? 
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
This is a natural hedge we have receivables also and this is the payable on the loan side and 
we have borrowing cost between 2% and 2.5%. 
A. M Lodha: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pravin Sharma an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Pravin Sharma: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Sir, on the pigment side, I just wanted to know 
there is a drastic fall in the margin and you said that you have contracts in hand for two 
months and we cannot go back to customers. I was just wondering what is our philosophy 
as far as raw material hedging and procurement is concerned when your two months order, 
do we book raw material simultaneously so that such type of situation does not come? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, we do book the raw material in advance but some of our suppliers have gone back on 
the contract, but as a company policy we try to do not go back on our contracts. If there is 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 13 
an exorbitant increase in situation or there is some supplier related disruption but this time 
as a management we took a call that we do not want to go back on our contract because we 
knew that in the coming days’ time our customers will support us and now, they have 
started supporting us, they have understood the situation, because it is a long-term win, win 
situation on both the part. So, we need to understand from both the sides. 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sir and the second question is we intend to go to Rs. 1,000 Crores which is like the addition 
of around Rs. 300 Crores from Rs. 700 Crores which we can do from the current gross 
block. I was just wondering at least in the agrochemical side, we have done some 
investment and it is on the pipeline and it will kick in but on pigment side we are still in a 
very, very nascent stage as an investor you definitely would have been future outlook. I 
could not understand do we have an environmental clearance for this particular new kind of 
pigment which we are planning because the current pigment, I understand is 13% to 15% 
margin which is hardly anything I think we wanted to diversify this is what I could get from 
the last concall in new set of pigments. So, when can we see something concrete coming out 
on it and will it not be too late as far as because earlier if I remember in old days, we used to 
talk of Rs. 2,000 Crores, each of the three business lines Agro, Finechem and Pigment, now 
we have a scale down to I think Rs. 1,000 Crores for Pigment? 
Ankit Patel: 
Pravin, let me correct in between it used to be Rs. 1,000 Crores each and that I think in the 
Agro and Caustic Chlorine division we have already surpassed that. In the pigment division, 
it is little bit delayed but at the same time we have already made the growth plan for the 
Agro division, Caustic Chlorine is already a separate division now, in the pigment division 
we stick to the Rs. 1,000 Crores guidance and we have an action planfor that, and it will not 
be delayed any further. I am sorry I would not be able to disclose much on the new project 
or the new pigment at this juncture, but yes every step is being taken at the management to 
achieve the topline and improvement in the bottomline for the pigment division. 
Pravin Sharma: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Just one question, how much, are the sales or purchases do we do from Meghmani 
Finechem? 
Ankit Patel: 
Meghmani Finechem supplies caustic and chlorine because Meghmani Organics is the next-
door campus from the EHS, environment, health and safety point of view caustic and 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 13 
chlorine come by pipeline. So, that is the major consumption and in terms of value even I 
need to check, I think about Rs. 5 Crores to Rs. 7 Crores per month. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay, not very significant fine. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of H. S. Dhodi an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead.  
H S Dhodi: 
Sir, I have a question on the promoter holding. Now if you see the NSE bench side this 
quarter also they have been market purchases done by the designated persons which include 
Mr. Chahal also and recently 50,000 shares purchased by Mr. Popat Meghbhai. So, my 
question is, that does the promoter group does it to indicate that they have confidence in the 
business or there some serious thought of increasing the promoter holdings because in 
Meghmani you have 70 plus there are here because after the IOC exit and all you have 
remained in the 50s only. So, is there any serious thought of increasing the promoter 
holdings in Meghmani Organics? 
Ankit Patel: 
Mr. Dhodi, thank you for your question. So, on an individual basis yes, we have very good 
confidence as management on Meghmani Organics Limited we are very much committed 
and we feel that our company is undervalued so, every individual from the promoter on 
their own they keep on purchasing and in the coming days’ time also they will keep on 
purchasing. So, that will continue because we find our company undervalued looking at the 
growth plan what we have and looking at the industry what other companies PE multiple is. 
H S Dhodi: 
Thanks for the answers. Now my second question is this has been asked to you about lot of 
people regarding the pigment. Now, if you go to Youtube you find there is such in kind of 
pigment also titanium and the company also earn, it can all guessed but my thing is last time 
you said two months you will declare it definitely. So, why is this delay and what is the 
secrecy involved in disclosing the pigment, if you could elaborate on this? 
Ankit Patel: 
Mr. Dhodi it is difficult to answer, I am sorry that last time also we mentioned that in two 
months’ time we will be announcing some project for the pigment division because we are 
on the verge of working on one project and technical clearance is pending once everything 
is done, we will be making the announcement. So, due to some technicality and the 
technology tie up point of view the things are pending, once everything is done, we would 
like to make a concrete announcement. We do not want to make the announcement just for 
the sake of announcing the project. Whenever we make an announcement we are very much 
committed to it. So, we want to have that kind of surety at the management level, and we 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 13 
are very sure about the project and in coming days’ time definitely, we will make a strong 
announcement for the growth of the pigment division. 
H S Dhodi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the follow up. Sir, the question is on Agrochemicals, you said that Q2 FY23 will 
have the capacity commissioned in terms of the potential revenues of Rs. 600 Crores FY24 
is the first year when we will have the entire Rs. 600 Crores or it will take two–two and a 
half years’ time to reach the peak potential? 
Ankit Patel: 
Rohit, thank you for your question. As you know, Agrochemicals is a regulated business, so 
it is not just the manufacturing and selling of the product at the same time we need to do the 
registration of this various product into different markets so, the good thing about the 
registration is we started parallelly doing the registration of all the product which we are 
going to manufacture. So, in the first year, it will not be possible to utilize the plant at the 
full capacity which is FY23. We feel that we should be able to utilize the plant to the tune 
of about 65% to 70% in FY24 and later on it will increase further. If the market condition 
improves and the regulatory support comes then definitely yes, utilization will be better. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, again the same question on the pigments front that we will be announcing the new 
project sometimes during the current quarter and then we have kept a target of Rs. 1,000 
Crores for FY24. So, how confident are we that we will be able to put up the steer on the 
ground, start the project to probably smoothen the operations and then get additional 
revenues of Rs. 200 Crores to Rs. 300 Crores. Will that not be slightly aggressive in terms 
of guidance for FY24? Thank you. 
Ankit Patel: 
In fact, for the pigment division, as the pigment is not a regulated business. The second 
thing is the product which we are looking at it, it is going to be the import substitute there is 
already a huge market in India and the third thing is we have all other technical clearance. 
The only thing is we are working on the technological related matter. So, things will be 
much faster even in the case of pigment division, so we are very confident for the pigment 
division numbers as well. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, and one last question on our EHS side, so how are we currently spaced on the 
environmental safety aspect and given that there has been significant uproar from the global 
companies in terms of compliances, what are the steps that we are taking over the next 

 
 
 
    Meghmani Organics Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 13 
foreseeable future so that we will be able to take on more opportunities from the China plus 
one and particularly from the exports market? Thank you. 
Ankit Patel: 
EHS is the topmost priority at Meghmani and at the management level. We have been 
giving at a most priority and upgrading our site continuously and for the understanding of 
the investors, because they are not able to visit in this COVID time we have made the 
corporate action where they can understand and see the sites what we have the kind of the 
infrastructure what we have. That is what our vision is and as far as upgrading the standard 
at the EHS level you might be knowing the responsible care is one of the very high-level 
certifications for EHS and at Meghmani Agrochemical division we have started working on 
it. We are hopeful that with the kind of improvement and kind of work that we are doing we 
are targeting the Responsible Care certificate in next one and half years’ time. So, that is a 
very prestigious certificate and that gives the confidence to the global customer that the 
company has the responsible care certificate, so we are working on it. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
One just last question, we have aggressive plans for both our divisions in terms of revenue 
growth. How are we placed in terms of our business development team and whether we will 
have to further invest into it which will probably take the cost higher in the next couple of 
years or we are sufficiently currently having people to take care of the incremental 
business? Thank you. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, the business development team is a very important area for the growth of business and 
so far, we have a good young people team and as and when it is required, we keep on 
adding the members in the team. But the kind of growth what we are estimating for the next 
two to three years’ time, we have a good team. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ankit Patel: 
I thank you all for taking your valuable time and joining us on this concall. The Company is 
on a strong growth trajectory coupled with a healthy balance sheet position. Meghmani 
Organics is confident to create a sustainable value for all the stakeholders. Please reach out 
to Dickenson World or us, directly should you have any further queries. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
