 
Regd. Office: Zydus Wellness Limited. ‘Zydus Corporate Park’, Scheme No. 63, Survey No. 536, Khoraj (Gandhinagar), 
Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad – 382481, India. Phone: +91-79-71800000, www.zyduswellness.in 
CIN: L15201G1994PLC023490 
 
October 29, 2021 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 531335 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
       
Code: ZYDUSWELL 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015. 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Investors’ Call held on October 28, 2021. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated October 25, 2021 intimating you about the conference call 
with Analysts/Investors held on October 28, 2021, post announcement of unaudited financial 
results for the quarter / half year ended on September 30, 2021, please find attached the 
transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS WELLNESS LIMITED 
 
  
 
DHANRAJ P. DAGAR 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Dhanraj 
Dagar
Digitally signed 
by Dhanraj Dagar 
Date: 2021.10.29 
15:46:49 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Zydus Wellness Limited Q2 FY22 Post Results 
Conference Call” 
 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. SHARVIL PATEL – CHAIRMAN, ZYDUS WELLNESS 
LIMITED 
MR. GANESH NAYAK – DIRECTOR, ZYDUS WELLNESS 
LIMITED 
MR. TARUN ARORA– CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
ZYDUS WELLNESS LIMITED 
MR. NITIN PAREKH – GROUP CFO, ZYDUS WELLNESS 
LIMITED 
MR. UMESH PAREKH – CFO, ZYDUS WELLNESS 
LIMITED 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the Post Results Investor Conference Call 
of Zydus Wellness Limited for Quarter Two FY22. If any participant is connected on both the 
webcast and the audio bridge, you are requested to mute the audio from the webcast to avoid 
any echo. To ask a question, participants are requested to click on the link for instructions to dial 
into the audio call to ask their questions. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tarun Arora – 
CEO of Zydus Wellness Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Tarun Arora: 
Good afternoon and welcome to the Post-Results Teleconference of Zydus Wellness Limited for 
quarter two financial year 2021-22. We have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel – Chairman, Mr. Ganesh 
Nayak – Director, Mr. Nitin Parekh – Group CFO, Mr. Umesh Parekh –CFO for Zydus Wellness 
in the conference.  
While the economy was still facing significant headwinds in terms of revival during the first half 
of the quarter gone by, after a very challenging second wave of COVID-19. The company has 
showed unwavering determination and kept close vigil on all the notes of business in order to 
minimize the impact on people in business. With the improved consumer sentiments and strong 
on ground execution during the quarter, the business witnessed good momentum, as a result of 
which the company posted a year-on-year growth of 12.2% in terms of total income from 
operations. The category of glucose powder and prickly heat powder witnessed de-growth during 
the quarter in terms of optics. Due to poor season and limited consumer mobility. Our brands 
Glucon-D and Nycil hence got impacted due to these headwinds led by the category while 
holding on to the market shares. The sales growth for overall business without these brands is 
substantially higher.  
At the same time, the company faced significant inflationary pressure in key raw materials and 
packaging materials as the result of which our gross margins were down year-on-year by 571 
basis points as percentage to net sales. While the company continued to build up the inventory 
of key raw materials at an opportune time to lock in favorable rate, the company has also taken 
few calibrated price increases across the impacted brands, which would start reflecting in the 
current quarter. As we kick off our journey of next phase of transformation, the transformation 
2.0 we would like to share a few important aspects on this front.  
The transformation 2.0 is being planned around broadly two growth levers, one creating a 
simpler organization structure and achieving cost reduction. Here the first part we are looking at 
reorganizing our Nutralite business for enhanced efficiency and better execution by integrating 
the salesforce into one entity that is Zydus Wellness Products Limited for better customer service 
with specific focus on retail and food service channels separately. Integrating our cold room and 
ambient warehouses for better efficiency. We are also looking at reduced cost to serve through 
distributor disintermediation in organized rate. The second part of this transformation 2.0, the 
digital transformation. The digitization of processes across value chain which will help the 
company to be future ready. It would include use of business analytics tools, integrated business 
planning, employee friendly HRMS tools, freight management tool and Salesforce automation 
software all of which would help automate several key processes. All these are under at various 
stages of development and implementation.  

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Let me take you through the highlights of the consolidated financial performance of quarter two 
financial year 2021-22. During the second quarter of financial year 2021-22 our total income 
from operations grew by 12.2% to Rs.3837 million. EBITDA was up by 12.6% year-on-year to 
Rs.305 million. PBT before exceptional items was up by 385.4% year-on-year to Rs.211 million. 
Net profit was up by 120.4% year-on-year at Rs.215 million. With that, let me share some of the 
highlights of operations for the quarter gone by. 
We continued our thrust-on marketing initiatives to grow the categories and increase market 
share of our brands during the quarter. To narrate a few, on the Glucon-D front during the quarter 
gone by. The business was impacted negatively because of the adverse weather conditions and 
early monsoon in some parts of the country. Glucon-D ImmunoVolt continued to deliver steady 
business. It was supported with TV campaign during the quarter. On the Complan front during 
the quarter gone by Complan witnessed a double-digit growth. Complan was re-launched after 
a gap of four years with enhanced proposition, improved chocolate taste, new packaging along 
with new campaign to promote the brand. The new Complan focuses on all around growth with 
2x faster growth and improvement in memory and concentration. This is supported with clinical 
data.  
On sweetness front sugar free brand launched its new thematic campaign Fitness Ka Pehla 
Kadam, featuring leading Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif as its new brand ambassador. This 
was amplified by 360 degree media campaign on TV, print, digital across the country. Sugarlite 
continued its triple digit growth during the quarter across all channels. The grow was supported 
through consumer promos and impact properties in media, especially on TV and digital, along 
with on ground engagement activities to build trials and expand reach of the brand.  
On the Nycil front, while the optic remain positive for the brand, the internal sales remained 
under pressure due to high channel inventory built up prior to the lockdown. On the Everyuth 
front, the brand continued to grow in strong double digits supported by ATL campaigns on 
flagship, scrapped portfolio and digital inputs on the entire range. The post lockdown recovery 
has been significantly better as compared to the last year. We have also launched an all new 
range of body lotions with an aim to play in the Livon space in skincare category.  
On the Nutralite front, during the quarter gone by the brand witnessed a strong double digit 
growth in both institutional and retail business. The current institutional portfolio was re-
launched as Nutralite Professional range, Nutralite Choco spread, which was available in one 
trade and e-commerce channels was extended to generate channel as well. The launch was 
supported by a TV campaign. 
As per the MAT September 21, report of Nielsen and IQVIA. Glucon-D has maintained its 
strong position with a market share of 58.2% in the glucose powder category. Complan has a 
market share of 5.4% in the health food drink category, Sugarfree has maintained its number one 
position with a market share of 96.2% in the sugar substitutes category, which is an increase of 
181 basis points over the same period last year. Nycil has maintained its number one position 
with a market share of 34.5% in the prickly heat powder category. Everyuth scrub has maintained 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
its number one position with a market share of 39.2% in the facial scrub category, which is an 
increase of 543 basis points over the same period last year. Everyuth peel off has maintained its 
number one position with a market share of 77.3% in the peel off category. Everyuth brand is 
now at number five position with market share of 6.5% and the overall facial cleansing segment 
which comprises of all the face wash, scrub and peel off and other masks.  
Going ahead on the positive side we see subsided second wave, improved consumer sentiments, 
and upcoming festive season. Well, however the unabated inflationary pressures could restrict 
this momentum. We stay committed to navigate this with decent business growth and balance 
bottom line. We do expect some of our initiatives like simplification of our sales organization 
with specific channel wise focus for our Nutralite brand would help us to perform better in the 
coming quarters. Thank you and we will now start the Q&A. Over to the coordinator for Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from line of Tejas Shah. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sir, first on growth you spoke about the challenges that we had, if you can give us some sense 
on slice and dice in terms of channel mix, this quarter on growth and also urban, rural mix, 
though rural is not that much relevant, but still if you can give some color on metro versus non-
metro? 
Tarun Arora: 
Sure. One of the things that we’ve seen is that growths are uneven, really speaking and this like 
I mentioned to you, in my speech if we really look at non-seasonal portfolio, the growth is much 
higher than reported at a brand portfolio level. When I look at channel wise level we’ve seen for 
example, e-commerce seeing a triple digit growth, it contributes at overall business level, 
business at 7%. Our international business has grown at high double digits contributes about 5% 
of the portfolio at a overall level. Even modern trade has seen a high growth levels, and is 
recovering, though the basis is not fully sorted to pre COVID levels. But that’s also seen good 
growth.  
Going back to traditional trade and dissecting it to the urban and small town plus rural, which is 
a super stockiest business, we seen in non-seasonal portfolio about three to four times growth. 
So, largely the direct urban has been very low growth. It is the rural and the small towns which 
have driven the growth. So, it’s a kind of mix, which is very uneven from a growth point of 
view, and we are seeing rural or a small towns responding well to growth, they’re driving the 
growth much more. In the urban space, it’s the emerging channels, which are driving the growth, 
the food service HoReCa has seen a good growth recovery, but the traditional urban retail is still 
on a lower path. 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay. And sir you spoke about making some pricing intervention. So, if you could split the 
growth in terms of broader volume and price and makes impact? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, overall, we have taken a price increase of about 4.2%, of which all of it is not reflecting in 
our numbers yet because some of it will flow over to the next quarter. But about 2.5% is what is 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
already reflecting in these numbers. Largely it’s led by Nutralite we are obviously planning 
forward to take price increase across other portfolio but in the current quarters. 
Tejas Shah: 
And sir last almost three quarters now we are maintaining, in fact four quarters we are 
maintaining mid-teens to high teens kind of growth are double digit on safer side. But now as 
we go in second half of this year, the base is also slightly aggressive. So, how are you looking 
at demand scenario to sustain this momentum at least having double digit revenue growth? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, for yes, there are challenges because we have to face in the inflationary situation, there are 
risks because we are sitting with the high base like you rightly pointed out. And as we have to 
take aggressive price increases to overcome the gross margin pressure, input cost pressure, we 
could see some challenges, but we are still hopeful of delivering a double digit growth going 
ahead also. I would have preferred a much higher growth but it may be still possible and this 
clear growth momentum we’ll have to see if it can happen across all channels, urban, general 
trade, direct distribution, while it’s sitting on a good base still seems to be a little bit continuing 
to be under pressure. E-commerce non-trade will continue to contribute to growth, international 
will continue to deliver growth. I do actually hope that monsoons with the recovery in monsoon 
in the quarter gone by should also keep the rural momentum up. So, these initiatives should help 
us get better way to networth. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. And sir last on margins you spoke about taking pricing interventions only Nutralite, is that 
correct, that I heard? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, largely the impact that you see of the price increases as Nutralite but we are acting across 
the portfolio with the re-launch of Complan we’ve taken small price increase which will reflect. 
We are taking price increase in Sugar Free and Everyuth as well. And all of these will reflect in 
the coming quarter. 
Tejas Shah: 
So, ceteris paribus  if raw material stays where they are and they don’t inch up from here. Are 
we covered to protect our margins from this base? 
Tarun Arora: 
I do believe so, in the coming quarters, we should be able to maintain our margins, if the raw 
materials do not go up. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahai: 
So, my question is related to Complan as you had mentioned in the Complan, double digit of 
growth and I can see their market share is at around 5.4%. And that’s a quite consistent in the 
past quarters. So, you mean to say that this category itself is growing at a double digit and so, as 
we are, or we are faster than the industry? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, therefore for us, we have now seen continuously over last three or four quarters a double 
digit growth, if I look at last quarter reported by Nielsen it is only 4.9 for the category, but my 
view is, they do not fully capture the whole at least Complan growth then we are engaging with 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
them to either reflect rightly for us or correct the category because we don’t see any reason why 
our growth should not reflect in them. So, my view is maybe they will be a certain correction at 
some point of time from their side because our growth is now consistent for the last three, four 
quarters. 
Tarun Arora: 
Does that answer your question? 
Praveen Sahai: 
In between I dropped off so, that. 
Tarun Arora: 
Let me just repeat quickly on what you had asked. I said look, we are seeing a double digit 
growth over last three, four quarters. So, we are seeing a consistent growth. Last quarter Nielsen 
has reported a category growth of 4.9 by that logic, we should have had a higher, we should have 
seen some market share growth, which is not happening. So, we are engaging with them. It is it 
may be that they are not fully reflecting our growth or the category growth one of which they 
need to correct because our numbers are more secular in nature. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Next question is related to Sugar Free, or sweetener category. There are also in the 
Sugarlite segment, you said triple digit growth you are delivered. So, is it fair to assume your 
contribution from the Sugarlite is increasing? 
Tarun Arora: 
That’s right Sugarlite is building up and it’s in line with what milestones we had kept for it. So, 
it is the share of Sugarlite at overall sweetner spaces increasing which is good. 
Praveen Sahai:  
So, what is the milestone like if you can? 
Tarun Arora:  
So, there is no market share, but internal milestones as in, we had kept a certain set of targets for 
most of the NPD, the way we measure it is in terms of milestones we keep at quarterly or annual 
levels. So, it’s tracking well on that, and we believe it can become the future large brand for us. 
Praveen Sahai:  
Okay. Or any color on the contribution on your total pie of sweetener? 
Tarun Arora:  
That’s too early to comment on that right now. In the next few years, we will be able to give a 
full traction on that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir, my first question is on your transformation tool. You just mentioned in your initial comment 
and emphasize on simplifying the structure and there will be some cost synergies because of it. 
So, any target you have, set up that because of this transformation, you will be saving this much 
amount in terms of  efficiencies? 
Tarun Arora: 
Yes, we do have a certain kind of synergy benefit targets, but we can’t share it at this moment. 
But we do see a better customer service, more efficient process and a certain cost takeaway 
which we can take to our margins. 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Okay, the related question to that is that currently, we are hovering at around 17% to 18% 
operating margins. So, now with this transformation to your revenue mix is also changing in the 
portfolio with some of the high margins products, those contributions are expected to scale up. 
So, considering that, should we expect your operating margins to reach close to 20% by over the 
next two years? 
Tarun Arora: 
Yes, that’s really how, what we are targeting to in next couple of years to cross our 20% EBITDA 
margins. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And sir, what is our aspiration for the international business, so currently it is 5% of our revenues. 
So, any plans for the international business whether you will be launching, number of products 
every year, you will be expanding your reach, so any thought process of that? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, it’s all organic play, at an annualized level we are about 3% to 4% for the quarter we did 5% 
because we have a mix between Q4, Q1 where the numbers are different on the base domestic 
business. Our wish list is to take it to 8% to 10% level. We are looking at expanding more 
countries and more products. For example, we have just launched a no sugar added Complan in 
Middle East, we are also exploring more products, but the top five countries which we have 
shortlisted which will contribute bulk of our business and we will build further on it, for example, 
we have just in the process of setting up a subsidiary in Bangladesh, which we believe can be a 
good potential future growth opportunity for the International. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And just one more on the price increase when you mentioned that you’ve taken 4% kind of a 
price increase in your portfolio. So, how much more price increase, do you think you have to 
take to pass on the current level of raw material, we can say that the inflation is kind of there and 
might firm up further but at your current level of inflation, what kind of price increase is 
required? 
Tarun Arora: 
Another 3% should help us, manage this cost inflation, some of which we have already rolled 
out and will reflect in the next quarter results. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Alok Shah. Please go ahead. 
Alok Shah: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Sir my first question is, on Nycil and Glucon-D. Can 
you highlight the key states where the erratic monsoon would have led to this subdued sales?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, it’s mainly to do with West Bengal and then some part of Northeast. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. So, this will be largely two states, which anyways are only skewed for these two 
categories? 
Management: 
Yes. 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Tarun Arora: 
And last year you saw the cyclone and is very obviously the whole peak of COVID with lower 
summer. So, two years these two brands have had an effect Nycil obviously did a little better in 
last year, but this year, obviously it could. But, as the situation normalizes and we have normalcy 
in terms of the peak seasons that we have, we should see better traction going forward. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. So, the question is that how do we plan to de-risk from your largely being focused on two 
state to going more into more states? So, what are the steps that we’re taking for that? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, there is good traction in Bihar now we have a very good business in Bihar and some of the 
parts of UP, so Glucon-D is on that track. Nycil has a good balance, so Nycil doesn’t have 
complete skew and we are trying to see how do we build up the South market for many of these 
brands, and also the West. So, because of the whole distribution alignment that has happened, 
and even the distribution increase that has happened, we are seeing good traction in West and 
South. But the early good signals have been in Bihar and some of these other states, but they are 
being transferred to other, we are seeing good traction coming in other places also. But that will 
require a few years before things normalize. Also seasonal and non-seasonal, we believe 
Complan and Sugar Free and Everyuth and Nutralite can offset some of the seasonal biases that 
are there today. And that’s the whole work that we’re doing. Earlier we had talked about a second 
summer and how do we build for some of these brand for second summer. Obviously, we have 
not had that a portion in the last two years but as things normalize, we’ll get to see some new 
extensions which can be the season can be extended towards the second half also. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it, thank you. My second question is on the ad spends, so while we are doing a lot of 
adjacencies and product launches the ad spend rate for the current quarter was slightly lower 
than on a Y-o-Y base and on our usual run rate also. So, anything to call out over here or we’ll 
catch up as we get into second half of the year? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, on the ad spends what you say is right, but we are being more judicious in terms of where 
we can spend obviously everything has not been back to normal and we have had high impact 
activities like if you see for Sugar Free and Complan we have had those important activities on 
KBC and others so, being more targeted towards it with more normalcy back and more metros 
and others showing better trends we will see this improving and a lot of times it is also driven 
by re-launches or new strategies. So, Complan had that, similarly we are working on Sugar Free 
also and somewhere ad spends will now increase once we see traction on some of these brands 
on the Tier I and metro side.  
Alok Shah: 
Got it. And my last question is on the upcoming product launches, anything that we should watch 
out for in a category or do you think it will continue to remain more secular? 
Tarun Arora: 
No. So, I think Everyuth will see good traction with new launches and we’re very excited about 
it. The brand has shown good buoyancy this year. And all lines are moving well and we are 
seeing new launches they’re specifically to do with the winter range. Similarly the whole 
Nutralite franchise where we entered into the milk based products with butter, ghee, also 
mayonnaise, chocolate spread, so you will see that category on food services expand 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
significantly for us. And sugarlite is an introduction there, chocolates is something that we 
introduced and we’re seeing a few more introductions to in the sweetener basket which will add 
to the overall business side of it and going forward all of these are the likely introduction that 
you’ll get to see some already happened and some that will happen over the next 12 months 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have three questions, the first question is on the Complan we have done this re-launch is that 
the conscious strategy which we are trying to bring in the change in formulation and trying to 
price up the parameter? 
Tarun Arora: 
No, there is no fundamental change in formulation we have just improved the taste. So, there is 
a minor shift in the flavor thing but are clinically proven formulation there is no fundamental 
shift. But we do believe that we enhance the proposition which is based on clinical data to focus 
on all around growth, not just the physical growth of 2x faster but also memory and 
concentration, which is clinically proven. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
And if I can add to what Tarun is saying you we also have launched for us, we are segmenting 
the market also, and we have launched a high value product in the prescription side also, which 
will again bill on the credibility and at the same time improve the profitability of the brand. But 
it’s very early days and last one and a half year, we have not seen the clinic movement as much 
as we wanted. But as things are normalized, we believe that that will add an additional thrust in 
terms of up scaling the value on Complan also, and also segmenting it right. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Got that. The whole question is around, we are in the range of about 5%, 5.5% market share. So, 
what is it that we need to do to get to our old share of 8 or 8.5%? 
Tarun Arora: 
So, to answer that, there are three or four things that we’ve got, one of the important thing was 
the proposition needed to be enhanced to have a full growth proposition for the consumers, 
where today’s consumer is much concerned about the mental development as about the physical 
development, and this new proposition addresses that. There were some concerns about the taste, 
acceptance of the consumers, which we’ve addressed. In the last one, one and half year, we’ve 
also upped our distribution focus, and we’re also reaching out because as the category is getting 
more-and-more segmented and the role of the influencers in the doctor’s advocacy is playing a 
role. So, direct doctor’s advocacy on the base Complan, as well as using the other segments, like 
the Toddler, which Dr. Sharvil just mentioned. These all put together should help us gain share. 
We already see a momentum on the brand and in terms of our internal growth, market share 
should also catch-up as we move forward. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you, Tarun. Did, we related follow-up on that, which is the largest distributor brand I’m 
sure Nutralite is not the comparison, but could be Nycil or Everyuth. So, is the Complan 
distribution is ahead of that? 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Tarun Arora: 
So, from a direct distribution, Complan will be amongst the most distributed but most available 
brand as captured by Nielsen today is Nycil. Nycil and Glucon-D are in similar zone. But in last 
one, one and half year due to Glucon-D being under pressure peak season Nycil is available in 
almost 1.5 million outlets. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second question is on Sugar Free. We have done a lot of variation over the last 6, 7, 
8 years, now successful intervention which is happening. I understand you don’t want to give 
the number. But other than the pure Sugar Free format, what are the new things which you can 
expect, because you are being a market leader, and now you’re almost cross 96% market share. 
So, fundamentally you have the challenge to grow the category. But, the new formats what we 
have tried, what is it that we can do further? 
Tarun Arora: 
Fundamentally, we have to overcome consumers resistance to try and shift it’s a habit changing 
thing, where we have both the headwinds and tailwinds. And we are working on both addressing 
the writing on the tailwinds, which are clearly in the focus of healthier alternatives, which Sugar 
Free, fits in and overcome the headwinds which are led by concerns on sweeteners. We’re 
addressing both of them together, Sugar Free Green, we got good early success when we 
launched in 2017, but we it plateaued, now we have re-launched and we expect that it should 
help us overcome these resistance that consumers have of adoption between this and some of 
the food categories that we are evaluating. We should take the Sugar Free brand in next few 
years to the next level that we expand. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That’s exactly what I was asking you Tarun. So, is that more than sugar free we need to have 
maybe something which can get into the adjacencies is that the attempt which will strengthen 
the core platform? 
Tarun Arora: 
That’s correct. So, we’ve already testing on learning chocolate space with e-commerce we’ll 
probably expand that in next few quarters. And there are a couple of other spaces which we are 
evaluating too early to share at this stage. But we’ll have to do enough homework because, for 
our size we have enough number of categories. I also want each category to have better 
productivity. So, whatever we get into, we will do enough learning because it takes up a whole 
amount of organizational energy to launch more products and to win in those products. So, we’re 
doing a homework on those and those by step approach. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay, just last question from my side. What is our saliency coming from e-commerce and 
modern trade. I’m sure, with the re-launch, you would definitely have the focus on these two 
channels 
Tarun Arora: 
So, e-commerce itself, quarter gone by was at a total business level 7% domestic retail it goes 
almost 8.5%. So, this has bitten on our internal estimates. So, e-commerce continues to drive at 
a very, very aggressive pace. My guess is e-commerce and modern trade put together and as 
some of these other platforms are also doing a convergence at the backend and front end 
sometimes whichever way you want to look at it, put together could become a 20% of our 
domestic business on a sustainable basis. 

 
Zydus Wellness Limited 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much.  
Tarun Arora: 
Okay, sure. So, thank you, everyone and wishing you all a Happy and safe Diwali. And see you 
next quarter.  
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Zydus Wellness Limited that concludes today’s 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
