BOROSIL" 
November 23,2021 
Borosil Limited 
CIN : L36100MH201OPLC292722 
Registered & Corporate Office : 
1101, Crescenzo, G-Block, Opp. MCA Club, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051, India. 
T +9122 6740 6300 
F +9122 6740 651 4 
E borosil@borosil.com 
W www.borosil.com 
The DCS - CRD 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1'' Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-I , Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543212 
Symbol: BOROLTD 
Series: EQ ISIN: INE02PY01013 
Sub: Transcript of Institutional Investors and Analysts Conference Call 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
We enclose transcript of conference call with Institutional Investors and Analysts which was 
held on Tuesday, November 16,2021. 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Borosil Limited 
&u 
~ g a h a l 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS9921 
Encl: as above 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Borosil Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. 
PRAVEEN 
SAHAY 
- 
EDELWEISS 
WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHREEVAR KHERUKA - VICE CHAIRMAN - 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER- 
BOROSIL LIMITED 
MR. ANAND SULTANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
BOROSIL LIMITED 
MR. 
SWADHIN 
PADIA 
- 
GENERAL 
MANAGER, 
ACCOUNTS - BOROSIL LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR CHAUDHARY, WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR - BOROSIL LIMITED 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Borosil Limited Q2 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Edelweiss Wealth Management. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Praveen 
Sahay from Edelweiss Wealth Management. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the earnings call of Borosil 
Limited. On behalf of Edelweiss Broking, I would like to welcome the management team of 
Borosil to discuss the results and the outlook. We have with us Mr. Shreevar Kheruka, Vice 
Chairman, Managing Director & CEO of the Company, Mr. Rajesh Kumar Chaudhary, 
Whole Time Director, and Mr. Anand Sultania, CFO, and Mr. Swadhin Padia, General 
Manager, Accounts. I would now request Mr. Kheruka for his opening remarks post which 
we can open the floor for Q&A. Over to you Mr. Kheruka! 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Thanks Praveen and Edelweiss for hosting this call. Good afternoon everyone. It is a 
pleasure to be interacting with you again. Borosil Limited’s board approved the company’s 
financial results for quarter two and the first half of FY2022 on November 12, 2021. 
Our results and an updated presentation have been sent to the stock exchanges and have also 
been uploaded on the company’s website. Let me begin with an overview of our business 
performance during the first half of FY2022. 
After a severe second wave of COVID-19 in some parts of the country during the first 
quarter, caseloads during the second quarter was significantly lower. The pace of 
vaccination has accelerated and over 75% of the population has received at least one dose of 
the COVID vaccine and the total number of doses administered has recently crossed 110 
Crores. While it is obviously prudent to continue to exercise caution, lockdown restrictions 
have been eased and there is a rise in mobility and a return of a degree of confidence and 
demand. 
Borosil’s consolidated revenue from operations during the second quarter of this financial 
year was Rs.221.83 Crores which is a growth of 59% over Q2 FY2021. This is off a low 
base resulting from the disruption of the first lockdown last year. Q-o-Q growth rates need 
to be viewed in the context of the exceptional circumstances that prevailed during the same 
period last year. 
While discussing other growth rates I would refer to the performance during the half year 
instead of the quarter. The consolidated revenue from operations during half year FY2022 
was Rs.359.72 Crores a growth of 84% over the first half of FY2021. 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 3 of 18 
For the convenience of investors we have also added the performance of Q2 of FY2020 as 
well as the first half of FY2020 in our presentation to show the comparison of this year’s 
results with the non-COVID FY2020 period. 
Borosil’s consumer ware business comprising glassware products and non-glassware 
products under the brand Borosil and its Opalware range under the brand Larah recorded 
net sales of the Rs.240.9 Crores as compared to Rs.114.8 Crores during H1FY21. This 
revenue of Rs 240.9 Crores is higher than the pre-COVID period of H1 FY2020 by 16%. 
Sales of glassware products under Borosil during H1 FY2022 were Rs.63.08 Crores a 
growth of 63% over H1 FY2021. The sales of consumer glassware products however have 
not yet caught up with pre-COVID levels. Educational institutions have remained closed 
with all classes moving online. Most workplaces are still operating at lower than normal 
capacities with companies adopting a hybrid model of work from home as well as the 
office. Consequently, some of our product lines such as glass lunch boxes are still facing 
subdued demand. However, as I mentioned during the last call we do not believe there are 
any long-term structural shifts and some categories of discretionary spend demand is taking 
a little longer to return to full swing. 
Borosil’s non-glassware products comprising primarily domestic kitchen appliances, the 
hydra range of bottles and steel serve fresh products recorded sales of Rs.78.4 Crores during 
the first half of FY2022. That is a growth of 78% over the first half of last year. Sales in this 
segment were higher than H1 FY2020 by 68%. This segment of our portfolio is benefiting 
from some certain long-term behavioral changes among consumers. A higher frequency of 
in-home cooking has facilitated a higher demand for kitchen appliances as the consumers 
look for greater convenience and aids to the process of preparing meals. Borosil has been 
prototyping and seeding the domestic kitchen small appliance market for few years ago. 
Our products including OTGs, blenders, juicers, mixer grinders, cookers, toasters, etc., have 
met with a very good customer response. More recently we have introduced our stainless 
cookware range including pressure cookers, casseroles, pans, Kadhais to expand a bouquet 
of offerings to the consumer. 
 
During the half year ended September 2021 non-glassware products comprised 55.4% of 
consumer product sales. This is the Borosil Brand Sale and excludes Opalware sales. We 
are slowly but surely taking the Borosil brand beyond glassware products to a broader based 
brand which encompasses everyday cooking, storage, and serving.  
Borosil’s Opalware brand Larah, recorded net sales of Rs.99.4 Crores during the first half 
of this year FY22 more than tripling its sales from last year although last year again was not 
a very comparable period. Larah which drives a fair proportion of its sales through gifting 
was more severely impacted during FY2021 owing to the social distancing and restrictions 
on celebrity gatherings. The company has made a concerted effort to reduce Larah’s 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 4 of 18 
dependence on gifting. Sales during H1 FY2022 exceeded that in the corresponding pre-
COVID period of H1 FY2020 by about 34%. Once again increase in in-home dining 
including entertainment at home is likely to remain a long-term behavioral shift. Larah’s 
Opalware products are ideally suited for frequent or daily usage while at the same time 
looking elegant for serving guests in. Moreover it compares favorably on price with 
substitute categories providing it with significant potential for penetration into Indian 
homes.  
Coming to the scientific products division the net sales during H1 FY2022 were Rs.118.84 
Crores which is a growth of 47% over H1 FY2021. 
During H1 FY2022 the core laboratory glass products registered sales of Rs.65.2 Crores a 
growth of 35% over H1 FY2021. As I had indicated during the last quarter this vertical in 
our business was facing weak demand in the context of educational institutions, remaining 
shut and government funded labs continuing to face budgetary constraints. These challenges 
notwithstanding, the company has seen a steady demand from its clients in the 
pharmaceutical as well as other industries. 
Borosil’s lab instrumentation business under the brand LabQuest has been showing steady 
growth. Having introduced the initial products and gained customer confidence we have 
began to gradually expand our range of offerings. These are developed by a wholly owned 
subsidiary Borosil Technologies and sales whilst small during the first half of the year of 
Rs.9.2 Crores has registered a growth of 61% over the same period last year. 
 
Borosil’s vial and ampoule brand of pharma packaging products that is Klasspack registered 
sales of Rs.44.4 Crores a growth of 67% over H1 FY2021. Currently, we have utilized 
about 70% of our capacity and are well placed to service higher demand. We will also be 
doing more capex in this vertical. 
 
During H1 FY2022 the operating EBITDA before exceptional items was Rs.71.6 Crores 
translating into an EBITDA margin of just about 20%. During the corresponding period in 
the previous year the company had incurred an operating EBITDA profit before exceptional 
items of only Rs.21.6 Crores owing to the negative impact of COVID related lockdowns 
and customer cutbacks on discretionary spend. 
The improved performance sees Borosil closer to a normalized operating profitability and 
the profit before tax and exceptional items during the first half of this year of FY22 stood at 
Rs.59.4 Crores which is about 16.5% of revenue. 
The company’s financial results for the period include two exceptional items. We had 
provided for losses incurred on account of a fire at our warehouse in Bharuch on April 1, 
2021 and we also had a water logging incident at a warehouse in Bhiwandi. These assets are 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 5 of 18 
insured and claims have been raised. The provisions made in the book is to the extent of the 
difference between the claims raised and those expected to be settled by the insurance 
company aggregating Rs.6.5 Crores. We believe most of this will also be settle by the 
insurance company upon completion of the due process. 
Amendments in the provisions of the Finance Act 2021 related to depreciation on goodwill 
have resulted in a deferred tax expense of Rs.11.7 Crores during H1 FY2022. The company 
reported a profit after tax of Rs.25.4 Crores during H1 FY2022. Had it not been for the two 
exceptional items the profit after tax would have been more. 
As of September 30, 2021 the company had net cash of about Rs.224 Crores. More than 
80% of this, is invested in high credit quality secured debt instruments. The company has 
been liquidating the legacy investment in real estate. The overall real estate fund exposure 
now stands at only about 10% of the total investments. The company believes that it can 
deploy the cash in the business for efficient growth both organically as well as through 
strategic M&A. 
During H1 FY2022 the company had generated a consolidated operating profit of Rs.70 
Crores out of which Rs.21.5 Crores is invested in inventory, Rs.32 odd Crores in 
receivables and Rs.20 Crores is claims receivable from the insurance company against 
which Rs.14.5 Crores has already been received in the month of October 2021. 
The increase in receivables is in line with higher sales. The increase in inventory was a 
conscious call taken by the company in view of the environment of uncertainty due to the 
global supply chain issues that everybody is facing. Lead time for deliveries has got 
elongated and it is considered prudent to increase the safety stock especially for the festive 
season. Moreover, once the company’s transitions to a higher proportion of domestic 
production and sourcing we expect to be able to function with leaner inventory levels. 
The operating capital employed in the business was about Rs.499 Crores which includes the 
deferred tax liability of Rs.28 Crores. This comprises about 289 Crores in consumer 
products and 210 Crores in Scientific Products Division. 
With an operational EBIT before investment income earning of Rs.54.5 Crores during H1 
FY2022 it translates into an annualized operating ROCE of about 22%. We continue to be 
mindful of this and improving our return on capital employed through gaining operating 
leverage on the deployed capital as well as by improving our margins. 
As we look into the future we see an opportunity to grow Borosil business at a CAGR of 
15% to 20%. The consumer products business is expected to grow faster. Apart from 
continuing to build out the non-glassware product line we will also leverage our core 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 6 of 18 
strength in glassware and Opalware to make them daily use household essentials for serving 
and storage. 
In the Scientific Product Business, we also expect to have a reasonable growth given the 
addition of new product lines for instrumentation under LabQuest as well as the vials and 
ampoules business under Klasspack. 
These growth plans would require to be supported by investment in capital expenditure. 
During the previous quarter I had shared with you the decision of our board to sanction two 
expansion projects. The first is to expand capacity for Opalware production in Jaipur from 
42 tons per day to 84 tons per day. This would entail an investment of about Rs.175 Crores. 
Production from the expanded capacity is expected to commence sometime in Q2 FY2023 
and cater to Larah’s requirements over the next three years or so. The second was to create 
a capacity for Borosilicate glass products in India entailing an investment of about Rs.75 
Crores also in Jaipur. This project is expected to be completed by Q4 FY2023. It too can 
service the company’s requirement for another three years.  
Further in addition to these two investments the board has now approved an upstream 
project for the manufacturing of glass tubing. The company currently sources its tubing 
predominantly from overseas countries. Given the increased uncertainty in global supply 
chain as well as the increased costs the company has decided to reduce its dependence on 
imports by setting up a Borosilicate 3.3 expansion tubing furnace with a capacity of 
between 20 and 24 metric tons per day at its facility in Bharuch in Gujarat. The project is 
expected to cost about Rs.100 Crores and is likely to be commissioned by March 2023. 
We will also be undertaking expansion of our capacity of vials and ampoules under 
Klasspack entailing a Capex of about Rs.75 Crores over the next three years. 
At an aggregate level we expect to invest about Rs.600 Crores over the next three to four 
years towards building adequate capacity to support the company’s growth, derisk its 
supply chain and upgrade the plant and IT infrastructure of the company. The anticipated 
capital expenditure is expected to be funded through a combination of internal accruals, 
debt and some liquidation of noncore assets. Once operations from these investments are 
fully on-stream the company expects to be able to generate a ROCE in the mid 20’s by 
FY2025.  
We are very optimistic about the future of the business. More recently of course all of us 
have been through challenging times since the Q4 of FY2020 owing to COVID. As of this 
moment the COVID threat in India has subsided to a fair extent and one hopes that we do 
not suffer another wave. With a return to normalcy, we expect to see strong demand in our 
business segments especially for the new items we have introduced in both consumer and 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 7 of 18 
scientific products where penetration is still low. Borosil can drive market expansion where 
it is the leader and participate in market growth in other categories. 
So with that I conclude my opening remarks and I would like to throw open the floor to 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and 
answer session. Our first question is from the line of Hitesh from Aksa Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Hitesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for the good performance. Mr. Shreevar I 
just wanted to understand if we got the benefit of the festive season  in Q2 and could we see 
some of it in Q3 as well. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
So as you know Diwali was in early November this year. 30 days before Diwali is typically 
the highest percentage of sales. So, I would say most of the festive buying would have 
happened in October and we would have something in September, but most of that benefit 
could come in Q3. 
Hitesh: 
Would you mind telling what is the advertisement expense that incurred in this quarter Q2? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Frankly I don’t have the  exact number off hand. I can come back to you. 
Hitesh: 
Just a last question from my side -  this warehouse that we set up in Gujarat - I think we 
invested about 65 Crores, we were anticipating about 100 BPS to 150 BPS of cost saving 
from the consolidation of the warehouses and also on freight. . But when I look at your 
annual numbers the FY2020 and FY2021 the warehousing expenses is the same, just 4.5 
Crores. Even the freight cost is not anything different despite having a lower sale. So, I 
wanted to understand if anything has changed and what could be the reason for this benefit 
not coming to us in FY2021? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
See firstly just to correct you the warehouse was set up in Jaipur and not in Gujarat. This is 
for Larah and the margin improvement was always in connection with Larah. Larah 
margins they have increased over the last two years and warehousing has had a role to play 
in that improvement.  Earlier we had many external warehouses where we would have to 
shuttle our trucks between the warehouses to service customers.  Different products were 
stored in different warehouses and we typically have orders for a mix of products. So, we 
have seen improvements in Larah margins. Some of it is obviously coming from the 
operational leverage and some of it is coming from savings via the centralized warehouse. 
The second point is that the expense of the warehouse was not 65 Crores at all it was 
somewhere in the Rs 30 Crores to 35 Crores range. This warehouse will also suffice to a 
large extent for our Opal Glass 2 OG2 furnace of the 175 Crores Capex. We had built it 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 8 of 18 
already factoring the new capacity coming in. Therefore for the OG2 furnace we do not 
need a separate warehouse it will be utilizing the same space in the existing location. So 
there have been many benefits of that particular project and those are reflecting more in the 
Larah numbers than in Borosil numbers. Moreover, another point is that if you look at 
warehousing and freight in general FY2021 was a very challenging year to compare any 
number because of the low sales. So, many components of warehousing cost tend to be 
fixed. If your sales are low then of course costs go up as a percentage. That is another 
aspect one must consider. Finally, coming to freight, everybody has read the news of about 
the diesel prices increasing. While there have been improvement in freight efficiency, the 
issue is that the underlying fuel costs themselves have gone up because of the increase of 
diesel prices. That price inflation has impacted all companies including us. I would still say 
that we have made pretty good savings on the supply chain points both warehousing and 
freights and they will reflect when their sales get normalized over the next few periods. 
Hitesh: 
Okay sure thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manav Vijay from Deep Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Manav Vijay: 
Thank you very much Sir for the opportunity. Sir regarding the expansion that you have 
announced of the Borosilicate glass. Last quarter also you had announced one expansion of 
Borosilicate and you had mentioned that this product will basically be a backward 
integration for your consumer ware glass division. Can you please explain the difference 
between that and the new expansion you have now announced? Is this a forward 
integration? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Firstly, both are backward integrations. In the case of the one which we are doing in Jaipur 
the 75 Crores capex for Borosilicate – that is for press Borosilicate. Press includes items 
like mixing bowls or lunch boxes which we make and supply under the Borosil brand for 
the consumer. What we have just announced in this particular board meeting is Rs 100 
Crores capex which is for Borosilicate tubing. The tubing is used for both scientific and 
consumer but the main use in terms of the 3.3 expansion is for the scientific products. 
Therefore, this is also a backward integration only in the sense that we are buying these 
products today. We are importing and now we are going to Make in India. This will be the 
glass tubes and the first one we had announced was glass press items. So, they are different 
products all together. 
Manav Vijay: 
This is helpful Sir. Sir my second question is that of all the work that you did in last two 
three years regarding putting up that warehouse in Jaipur then also that changing the 
furnace for Larah and then also changing the packaging for Larah. So, now the benefit or 
the synergies of all those efforts are now getting reflected in the margins that you have 
delivered in this quarter. Do you believe that you still have further scope to improve 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 9 of 18 
margins considering that in H2 you will have higher sales because of festivity? You will 
have operating leverage and on top of that the efforts made by the company in the last two 
years should actually give you much better margins than what you have done in Q2? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, so look frankly this year H1 April and May were quite tough months because of 
COVID and we were right in the middle of the worst of COVID in India. There were many 
lockdowns again. So. I cannot say that even the first half of the year from a sales point of 
view has been at a normalized level. That is on the consumer side. Even on the scientific 
side, as I have already mentioned in the opening remarks schools, colleges still remain 
broadly closed and even for government institutes the funding taps are not yet open. So, on 
both our consumer and scientific divisions we do not believe that H1 was a normalized 
level. Like you rightly pointed, H2 is something which will get more festive impact and to 
answer your original question about the operating leverage we still believe we can get some 
more operating leverage than what is there today. That will come on the back of higher 
sales when things come back to normal and I think I have also indicated in the opening 
remarks that our target for the ROCE is higher than what we have at the moment. We hope 
to get to the mid 20’s ROCE. That is really something that we would strive for. Right now 
we are slightly lower than that. 
Manav Vijay: 
Now Sir apart from which the expansions you have also now talked about in our opening 
remark about the expansion even in the Klasspack of around 70 Crores over next two to 
three years if you can expand on that as well? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
You see, when we took over Klasspack, the revenues of that business was roughly 30 
Crores. I am talking about the year 2016-2017. During this year, in the first half itself, we 
are closer to 50 Crores and we will soon be running out of capacity. Typically the operating 
capacity utilization in that kind of business peaks once you hit 80%. You cannot really hit 
100% of capacity utilization because you have to keep changing your products. Your 
product mix is always evolving so now since we are operating at 70% plus and we expect 
that once we hit 80% then it becomes challenging to increase sales, we have to put up more 
lines to cater to the market. We going to add more lines of the same products, that is  both 
ampoules and vials in order to cater to the expanding needs of that market. We have added 
quite a few top class pharma customers over the last six months to a year and in general our 
market share or our share of their wallet is increasing. We are quite bullish on that business 
and the growth prospects in that business. So, that is the background on which we are trying 
to grow. This is not any new product it is basically expanding capacity of the existing 
products. 
Manav Vijay: 
Sir one last question from me. Normally so you used to talk about a growth of around 10% 
to 12% in your Scientific Ware Division now for the first time we have increased that 
guidance on 15% so this is majorly due to the Klasspack or you believe that even in the 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 10 of 18 
scientific lab ware you will have a higher growth rate of high single digit then what you are 
earlier anticipating? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, the scientific business is definitely driven a lot by Klasspack. As far as the growth 
rates are concerned, even the instrumentation business is picking up. There were new 
products developed. Again it is on a low base surely and will take time for the growth to 
reflect in the absolute growth rate of the division but I do very much anticipate that in the 
next two, three years with higher spends in pharma drug discovery on the back of COVID, 
higher production of various vaccines and various other drugs, I do believe that there is an 
upside possible on that the earlier guidance of 10%, 12%. 
Manav Vijay: 
Thank you and all the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Keval Ashar from DSP 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Keval Ashar: 
Congratulations Shreevar Sir and team for good set of numbers so I had a few questions so 
first is how do you see the Opalware industry is getting out in coming years since our 
competitor is also expanding the capacities and how much revenues can we do take that 
post expansion. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
So you are right our competitors also expanding in Opal. The industry is taking away or 
rather is growing on the back of two large trends. One trend is the growth in in-home dining 
which already was discussed and that itself is giving people the reason to buy better 
dinnerware. The second is it is also capturing share of competitive market segments like 
melamine or Bone China or plastic or steel. So, Opalware is not only growing organically 
because of the growth of the market. It is also growing as a product category because of a 
shift in consumer preferences towards this particular material. I see that the market should 
be able to absorb this extra capacity coming in and that is the reason we are putting it up 
otherwise we will not do it. That is the base case thesis. We are just doing simple math. We 
did about 100 Crores in the first half of the year if you double it we can do 200 Crores. that 
is from one furnace and we are doubling our capacity from 42 to 84 tons per day. Therefore, 
the 200 Crores could become 400 Crores that is basic math. Obviously, it depends on 
capacity utilization of the second furnace how quickly we can ramp up to utilizing the full 
capacity. Frankly I do not know the answer to that but directionally say in the next three 
years can we become 400 Crores Opal glass business? I do believe that is possible and that 
is the reason we are putting in the capex. 
Keval Ashar: 
One more question is that can you please throw some light on Klasspack in terms of 
revenues that we can do in peak utilization what would be the margins that we can clock in 
and what is the size of opportunity for us in this pharma packaging segment? 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 11 of 18 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes. I think there is one of the slides we have put up in pharma packaging what is the 
market size. We believe it is north of a 1000 Crores based on our internal estimate and the 
market is growing also at 10% to 12%. We expect that we should at least have double digit 
market share, maybe a market share in the teens in this business over the next couple of 
years. So, this business can grow at least 15%, 20% compounded. That should be our goal 
over the next few years. Maybe slightly better than that even but that is really the 
expectation. As far as the margin profile is concerned I would just say that we do not share 
the breakup of the margin within  product categories. It is a policy but going forward we 
have already seen our improvement in glassware margins because of the operating leverage 
we have got this year and that is likely to continue. We could probably even improve it by 
few percentage points over and above the current performance. 
Keval Ashar: 
Last question is that we are setting up our borosilicate glass facility of 75 Crores so other 
than securing a sustainable supply how much will it improve our operating margins if you 
can give us the number? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
 It is hard to predict the margins at the moment. The reason is that our main goal as we have 
again stated is to make glass everyday  use product and Borosil everyday use brand. In 
order to do that you have to give some benefit to the customer, to use glass. So, in the short-
run that may cost in terms of giving a beneficial pricing to the end customer. In Opal also 
the pricing was very attractive to make people switch. In the same way, for the borosilicate 
products, once we have a production in order to sell the volumes we may need to do a price 
point which makes it very attractive for the average end customer to try out glass. Once that 
happens, then glass we believe it is such a better product to serve and to store in and people 
will get hooked onto that particular product. So, in the short run I would not say that we can 
improve our margins but we can definitely improve our revenues because we will be selling 
much more quantity than what we have. We have a long-term view. We are not in this for a 
year or two. We are looking at the next ten years and if I look at the next ten year horizon I 
believe that India will require not one but maybe three or four furnaces of Borosilicate 
production. So, the short run is not so important. The margin profile whether it is remains 
the same or is up or down little bit does not really bother me. The main thing is can I get my 
consumer hooked onto using glass which we believe is a much better product. 
Keval Ashar: 
Thank you so much I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dhruv Kashyap, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Good afternoon Shreevar and first of all many thanks and congratulations to both you and 
chairman Mr. Keruka for the excellent leadership that you have been providing over the last 
few years and decades to both the Borosil Group companies. I had two questions Shreevar 
the first one is on the SIP division given that over the years you added so many product 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 12 of 18 
categories and sort of subcategories within that in terms of LabQuest and Precision Lab 
equipment and vials and ampoules and tubes etc. My understanding is that we are broadly 
heading towards about a 200 Crores, 250 Crores kind of annual turnover in this segment 
would it be fair to say that this is the segment that could really lead the export growth for 
the overall company. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, in a sense export growth of scientific products will be larger than the export growth of 
the consumer products. The reason is that there is a fairly large arbitrage between our cost 
of production and the cost production on the same products in the western world. We are 
much, much cheaper and our quality is absolutely identical or comparable to the quality or 
what is there for all these products in the western world. So this could lead to a large export 
growth and a large absolute value in export business. I think your kind of estimation is 
correct. On the consumer side, many companies make  whatever products we do. There is a 
lot of automation in that as well. Many companies across the world already have the strong 
brand and local presence of this production. So, while exports can happen, the margins of 
exports are lower than selling domestically and therefore it make sense to focus more on the 
domestic market. Our export is traditionally used as a filler on the consumer side to fill 
capacity wherever there is a shortage in demand. That is really the way that we have been 
approaching the business. In the future as a brand grows we could maybe look at brand 
building on the consumer side in exports in adjacent geographies, in South East Asia for 
example but that is a very long-term story. Just one thing I would like to correct you on. If 
you look at the scientific sales of the company in the first half of the year itself, we have 
done about 120 Crores so at the end of the year it should definitely be more than Rs 240 
crores. Since you mentioned 200 Crores at the beginning I just thought I will clarify that 
point. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
So I would actually say 250 but you are right I mean if you look at a very sort of big, hairy, 
audacious goal it would not be out of line to say that we could look at 500 Crores in the 
next three, four, five, years between both domestic and international exports in this division. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, Rs 400 Crores to 500 Crores I think we should look at, at least especially with this 
tubing furnace coming. We should have more benefits from that as well. Yes, I do believe 
15% CAGR is something we should strive to achieve. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
My second and last question Shreevar is on the consumer part of the business help me 
understand your vision and your team’s vision on this particular part of the business.  What 
I see when I see Borosil is in the market place both sort of online and offline is that now 
you have kind of you participating in almost all of the major product segments or category 
with let us say kitchen appliances or consumer small ticket appliances so are you looking at 
strengthening your play across or are you for example let us say a TTK Prestige  will built a 
12000 Crores market cap company is predominantly on the back of pressure cookers 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 13 of 18 
cookware and stovetops or Hawkins which has built it predominantly on pressure cookers 
and cookware how are you seeing it play out I mean are you going to put your sort of mind 
and advertising dollar behind all these 100s of category with kitchen appliances or are you 
really looking at taking two three big battles and adding all your alpha or delta from there? 
Thanks. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Okay so see the proof of the pudding is always in eating. At the moment whenever we are 
putting our capex it is for the glassware. We are adding our second Opal glass furnace like I 
already said is 175 Crores and then the first borosilicate pressing furnace which is 75 odd 
Crores. So, a lot of our capex is going towards growing the glassware business because that 
is where we feel we have a substantial differentiation in the market and that is where we 
will also see lot of growth coming. So that is where the capital is going and in line with 
what we announced as well. As far as the revenue on the sales is concerned the way we 
have set up is we have product management teams which have responsibility for different 
products that we sell. So all the product ranges do something for us which and all put 
together gives us a very strong market presence. So, it is improper to think that because we 
are doing glassware we will not focus on others because the others do not require much 
capital. It is more a branding marketing kind of initiatives as well as the design initiative. 
We are very strong with design and we have strong product designers in-house but we do 
not manufacture them at all. I think these products work more in conjunction with each 
other and I would not say that it is the right way to think is that we are going to do one at 
the expense of the other. Definitely capex will be on the glassware side but the operations 
are run fairly independent. The product manager is totally separate the entire front end when 
you go to the end customer with retailer you have to push what is needed for the retailer and 
the other stuff gets sold alongside. I will give you an example even during COVID 
glassware was not selling much because people were not moving out of home but 
appliances sold a lot. Having that appliances in the range help us even sell glassware. So, 
the market keeps evolving and changing and I think all of our product categories are 
important. We are not going to give separate treatment to anyone but yes capital 
expenditure will be more on the glassware side. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Thanks Shreevar and lastly I have always maintained that the design ethos of Borosil is as 
comparable to Apple which I consider the best design company in the world and our design 
team is really doing a fantabulous job in the kind of design ethos that you  create for 
Borosil. So, keep it up and all the very best. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. W will take our next question from the line of Akhil Parekh from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 14 of 18 
Akhil Parekh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Shreevar my first question is on the Opalware category. If I 
look at the presentation of last quarter it says the category size of 500 Crores and that is 
broadly the size which our competition has also been alluding to. In current presentation of 
second quarter we see that the category size is 900 Crores. So, where the further expansion 
in the category what happened on a quarter on quarter basis and is this mainly because we 
are seeing a significant structural changes in categories like melamine and bone china which 
to a large extent were import dependent from China? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
That is good. I think you have pointed out important point. You see firstly these category 
sizes are internal estimates and they are our own assumption of what is happening. So, 
while last quarter it was indicated as Rs 500 we have not suddenly got  Rs 400 Crores 
growth in one quarter. When new information comes to light, then we have to adapt our 
own understanding and change the numbers. So, I cannot say that it is doubled in the last 
three months but if we look at what the current situation is, our estimate of Rs 900 Crores is 
we believe fairly accurate. Now coming to what is the reason for this shift. Yes I do believe 
that there is, as I mentioned earlier as well, the fact that Opal is taking share away from 
other categories such as melamine and bone china and that is because of the inherent 
features of a product. It is  microwavable, is light, it looks good, it is vegetarian. These are 
all very value added features of the product which other categories may or may not have 
and therefore from a consumer point of view also it is a good switch or it will be a good 
switch to make. That is why we believe the category has expanded and we believe we will 
continue to expand and that is the reason we are putting the second furnace there. 
Akhil Parekh: 
But it has an opportunity with the other categories which are facing might be facing 
challenges in the supply constraint world right now? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I think even Opalware is facing supply chain issues frankly, meaning to say that if we have 
more product we could definitely sell more. So, yes I think virtually all products are facing 
supply chain issue and  it is not exclusive to melamine or Bone China. It is across the range 
today. I do not see it as a one off because the supply chain suddenly Opal has gone up and 
then again next quarter would be down to 500 Crores. I do not see that as the correct way to 
look at it. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sir second question is on the distribution side within retail reach in Opalware category if 
you can please highlight how we are growing where do we find of this cost and how do we 
see in next two three years? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, so as far as distribution is concerned we have a reach of about 15000 retail outlets that 
we are selling through. We map our retailers with different product categories also and if I 
remember right almost 2/3rds of them are stocking and selling  our Opal selling products. 
That is something that keeps changing month on month but our focus of course is to keep 
growing the retail outlets. 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 15 of 18 
Akhil Parekh: 
A contribution from LFS like the normal retail modern trade even look for us and do we 
have any outstanding in Future Group? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, we had outstanding of Future Group but we had insurance cover on the same and I 
think largely the insurance has paid us out of the Future Group. There may be an  
immaterial amount we have to write off like few lakhs maybe which is not material at all to 
the overall size of outstanding. Our risk assessment team was quite proactive in taking an 
insurance cover for them and that helped us substantially.  Coming to the breakup I mean 
sorry I cannot share the data with you. That is in my view competition sensitive.. It is 
important information from a competition point of view so we do not like to share that. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure and last question the borosilicate glass category how big is the market size and how 
large is the unorganized sector because our competitor is also entering into the segments 
and assuming the market share is huge and in terms of presentation does it include the hydra 
range storage tumblers and glass metals and we have to sum it up to get the category hit? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
No, so for borosilicate glass, the way to look at it is of course microwave is a part of it.  
Storage is in various forms right and it comes in plastic, in steel and in glass and glass also 
there is soda lime glass and there is borosilicate glass. So the numbers we have mentioned 
are organized and in  glass. So the way we look at it and as I said we are looking to 
substitute steel and plastic for storage by glass which we believe is a trend. So, the potential 
addressable market would be in my view at least 10 times the microwavable plus storage 
put together if we factor things like plastic and steel. This is our understanding of the 
customer. We have a reasonable shot at addressing the larger market and therefore we are 
putting up this capacity. I guess we are putting our money where our mouth is.  
Akhil Parekh: 
But the market which you have put it now in presentation is basically ex of the steel and the 
plastic? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes so ex-steel, ex-plastic and ex-unorganized. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Roughly that would be around this anywhere from 1000 Crores and 1200 Crores at this 
vertical. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, probably yes at least. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Thanks a lot and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. W will take our next question from the line of Mohit Jangir from Investing Hut. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 16 of 18 
Mohit Jangir: 
First of all, congrats Sir great set of numbers. I have only one question about Klasspack so 
what is the approval process in Klasspack if you obtain, certificate any approval from FDA 
then you can supply to our clients or we have to obtain some approvals from the client 
sales. I want to just know what the approval process is for Klasspack where we supply the 
vials and ampoules? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
There is both. First you have to get ISO certification and of course this differs from client to 
client but it requires you to have ISO including GMP which is ISO 15378 certification. 
Then for exports you sometimes we do have a DMF Drug Master File which is required for 
US or Canada or for China. To export these are broader level certifications that are required 
which we already have. That is like stable stakes. Once you have those certifications, then 
each customer will also have to certify you or will certify you and that process can take 
anywhere from six months to three years depending on the scrutiny that they want to 
undergo. So it is a painful business to get certified by end customers but once you have 
certified then it becomes easier to expand your portfolio within each of these customers. 
Mohit Jangir: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth 
Service. Please go ahead. 
Resha Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question was basically on the export opportunity so if you 
could talk a little bit more about the export opportunity both for the lab glassware division 
and one is the Opalware segment and in terms of where are we in terms of gaining traction 
in exports about these segments little bit on the competitive landscape, the entry barriers, 
key players, key countries etc? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I can tell you broadly that of our scientific products division, which includes lab glassware, 
instrumentation, pharma packaging roughly 10% of our sales or slightly more than 10% will 
be export. This is across the board. We are selling to a well- diversified mix of countries.. In 
terms of competition, I would say the largest exporter in this range from India will be 
Kaisha, Schott Kaisha. I think they would have more than 200 odd Crores of exports, if I 
am not mistaken but I am sure you can do some homework and figure out the numbers. The 
other players from Ambala also export these products. So there is a big opportunity in this 
space to grow exports because like I said India enjoys a significant labor arbitrage and the 
cost of manufacturing these products is much lower. Our exports have grown manifold over 
the last three, four years and although on a low base. We expect that to continue. The best 
part is that  the margins for exports are more or less similar compared to domestic margins. 
So, there is no downside to export. 
Resha Mehta: 
Then here would China we will see competitor? 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 17 of 18 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
For markets which are certified the previous gentlemen had asked about certified sales there 
no China is not a big competitor in general. I would say it is very low competitive intensity 
from China in the markets which we really want to be in. 
Resha Mehta: 
And how about Opalware? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
For Opalware the situation is a bit different. The markets such as Europe and the US  
already have local production in those markets and those producers are quite strong and 
have strong brands. So, there you have to sell the product more as a commoditized product 
and therefore while the volumes could be interesting the sale pricing is not attractive 
frankly. It is like I said as a filler. We use it use to fill your capacity. You get some 
incremental profit. It is okay to do it but you would not set up production on the basis of 
exports. That would not be the main goal. 
Resha Mehta: 
How big the margin differential be now for instance let us say in your Opalware you would 
be doing around 30% EBITDA margins if I am correct so in exports what would be the 
margin differential? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
I am sorry I have to come back to you on that. I mean in general we do not share the margin 
but it would be substantial a substantial difference. It is not like 5% point it would be in 
double digit percentage points. 
Resha Mehta: 
So for these reasons obviously we would not be focusing on exports for Opalware right? 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, I mean we have to tactically sell more to meet our short-term requirements of capacity 
fulfilling but long-term our focus will be domestic. 
Resha Mehta: 
And also if you could comment on the universe of retailers for Opalware. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Universe meaning is the numbers yes I think… 
Resha Mehta: 
Yes, it is the numbers, so we are at around 10000 outlets right for Opalware that is what you 
mentioned. 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Yes, look these are rough numbers because it is hard to say. Some outlets only sell during 
the festive season and then they do not sell it. So, it is hard to really put a number but I have 
to say 15000 to 20000 outlets would be the universe which are selling Opalware at all 
currently. I am talking about domestic. Also, frankly with online sales you almost have an 
infinite opportunity right? So, every customers is an end customer for us. 
Resha Mehta: 
That is it from my side. Thanks and all the best. 

 
 
 
Borosil Limited 
November 16, 2021 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management of Borosil Limited for closing comments. Over to you 
Sir! 
Shreevar Kheruka: 
Thanks everyone for participating in the call. I really appreciate it. I hope I could answer 
questions asked.  I am very proud of our team for continuously delivering numbers which 
are improving on year-on-year basis. My team are the guys who actually did all the work so 
I would like to put on record my appreciation for all of the members of our team across 
various departments and I believe that we are well set up for a long-term growth story here 
in Borosil. We feel very passionate about that and I do hope that we can deliver on the 
expectations that all of you have. Thank you and have a safe and good quarter ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Edelweiss Wealth Management that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
