 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Regus Magnum Business Centers, 9th floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59, BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400051
T +91 22 67000500; F +91 22 67000600 website: www.ge.com/in/ge-power-india-limited 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                 10 November 2021  
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: GEPIL 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532309 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 03 November 2021 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Further to our letter dated 03 November 2021, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for the second quarter of FY 2021-22  held on 03 November 2021. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly,  
 
For GE Power India Limited  
 
 
Kamna Tiwari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
GE Power India Limited 
CIN-L74140MH1992PLC068379 
 
Corporate Office:  Axis House, Plot No 1-14, Towers 5 & 6,
Jaypee Wish Town, Sector 128 Noida  
Uttar Pradesh - 201301 
 
T +91 0120 5011011   
F +91 0120 5011100  
www.ge.com/in/ge-power-india-limited 
KAMNA 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by KAMNA TIWARI
DN: cn=KAMNA TIWARI c=IN 
o=Personal
Reason: 
Location: 
Date: 2021-11-10 19:09+05:30

 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“GE Power India Limited 
Q2 FY2021-2022 Earning Conference Call” 
 
November 03, 2021 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRASHANT JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR - GE POWER 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. YOGESH GUPTA - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER - GE POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VINIT PANT – CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER, GE 
POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJ RAMAN – HEAD OF PROJECT MANAGEMENT, GE 
POWER INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GE Power India Limited Earnings conference 
call for Q2 of FY2021-2022. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' and then 
'0' on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Prashant Jain – Managing Director – GE Power India Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir! 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you and very good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the investors call. Very pleased to 
have you all here. I am going to start with wishing you all a very happy festive season, Happy 
Diwali, Happy Dhanteras and Happy festive season ahead with many more festivals to come. 
 
We have shared the copy of the presentation. I am joined by my team here on the call, CFO, 
Yogesh, and the other team on operations, commercial, for the further questions and answers. 
 
We will move in the sequence of the presentation to page number 3 where we talk about the 
update on the quarter in terms of safety which continues to be our priority. In the order of 
importance, GE Power continues to be a safety, quality, delivery and cost which we extremely 
see as an important parameters and the culture of continues to improvement which is Kaizen. 
 
So, we start with safety in every other meeting, but first topic I wanted to share with you is on the 
vaccination drive, the percentage vaccination now for all office permanent eligible employees is 
100%. So, all our employees eligible permanent staff is now fully vaccinated in the office. The 
contract workforce on site we are close to about 90% in terms of vaccination, but there is still 
hesitancy in some of the workers and we are working with them to get them vaccinated over the 
weeks and months as we speak. 
 
From that point of view, we are taking initiatives to make sure that employees remain safe to 
contribute to the production going forward. On safety another good news to share, if you see on 
the right, are certain awards that the team has secured. Safety is important for ensuring safety to 
employees that means that no employee should be put in harms rate while coming to work and 
should be able to go back to their families safely after work. Also, it is important for productivity 
and for ergonomics at work place, and therefore we put a very high emphasis on safety and the 
awards that we have received, one of them the most important award in the left bottom is the 
“CII National Safety Competition Award” won by GE Power India Limited. So, GE Power in 
this category has won the gold award on the national level on safety. So GEPIL has been 
recognized as having a very high standards on providing a safe working place for its employees. 
That is a good news I wanted to share. 
 
Among the other awards that we have received from the customers from FICCI, for a project in 
Telangana for another CII Award for Project Sipat and the award that you see on the right is an 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 9 
award that we have received for FGD project on the site. So, we have certain  achievements in 
Safety. 
 
Moving to page #4, I want to briefly update this  strategic directions that we had earmarked for 
the company to improve the profit and margin, in the mid-to-long-term. To start focusing in the 
order profile, derisk the profile we had recognized the trend of new build moving towards 
services, rapid transformation to its service and the majority of the order booking today we feel 
has been consistently coming from services. We have also started focusing on non-EPC projects 
more than EPC to derisk the portfolio. We will continue to participate in selective EPC projects. 
We are making bids, but we are going to be selective in the profile to ensure the key deals which 
are accretive to your company and that trend is on track. 
 
The third are we chose to earmark upon to move towards more private customers, industrial 
customers as compared to the utility- based customers and here we see a significant improvement 
in the ordering especially on the service upgrades from the private customers, which is the right 
trend. So, from the strategy point, we are moving in the right direction though the progress is 
slow as we see on the topline there is some pressure on the order intake which we will talk about 
in the coming slides but the general strategic direction that we have earmarked for the next three 
to five years we see that on track. 
 
Moving to the page 6, I want to highlight the key project execution. I am very proud to share the 
first picture on the left is the unit of FGD on NTPC Unchahar side and there you can see that this 
is where we create the drawing into reality the project to construction, the concept and eventually 
the execution at site and that is something that is really what we are proud of that as making the 
difference to the society by implementing these FGDs instruments and then we have a couple of 
good executions, examples where on the service upgrade sites and the Subansari side which we 
restarted in the last quarter earlier this year, we see the progress. 
 
A little bit on the Corporate Social Responsibility among the other projects, one of the process 
we are sharing today is we have shared digital devices with children to bring them on speed with 
their digital communication taken and learn and develop their research in that skills in the 
COVID times. Moving on to the next one, the next phase we will turn on the financials, we start 
with the order intake profile and we will move to the page number 7. I would hand over to Vinit, 
our Commercial leader to share about the key highlights of the quarter. We see certain headwinds 
there while on the service, which we are on track albeit at a slightly lower volume in the last 
quarter but Vinit will add certain more details into this deck. 
 
I guess Vinit is not able to join the call. I will continue with the slide. So, on page 7 we talk about 
the order profile, we talk about order profile. On the FGD which is the core pillar today of our 
strategy primarily the GEPIL strategy is towards FGD and services today on the steam side, and 
then we have smaller limits of hydro and gas, which continue to be stable, but they are not 
material to the performance of the company. On FGD we saw slowing down of the ordering in 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 9 
this quarter compared to the previous year’s quarter primarily because of the government 
reclassification of the zones on the sites in the three categories and the second element is the 
potential extension of the timelines from the Government of India from December 2022 to 
December 2024, where some of the developers are waiting before they finalize their orders or 
make their down payments therefore we see a lull in the ordering, but the pipeline is still robust 
and intact. We are confident that within a month or so when the government notifies the zones 
for the FGD this ordering shall restart, so that is one main reason why we see a dip in the order 
intake. 
 
On the services side, in the current quarter as you may be aware there was a huge demand on the 
coal fired power plants and temporary shortage of the peak demand after COVID restarting the 
coal fired power plants, therefore some of the customers continued to operate their power plants 
rather than providing an outage or taking an outage and therefore they deferred ordering on 
certain critical equipment for services and there could be a dip owing to a robust demand on the 
power plant that has been run by the customers around that time and therefore we saw some 
postponement of decision making by our service customers as well. 
 
Imagine that is positive that gives confident that the customers are still, the market is still relying 
heavily on the existing plants and the need for this coal fired power plants has been reinforced in 
the goal that was outlaid as 2070 net carbon zero by the Government of India by Mr. Modi 
yesterday. That also reinforces that the fossil plants or the coal fired power plants will continue to 
play a key role until 2030. So the demand is robust, unfortunately in the current quarter due to 
softening of demand we see led ordering. 
 
Moving on to the page 8, we will now to the revenues. I will hand over to Yogesh to continue 
from here. Over to you, Yogesh. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Thank you Prashant. Good afternoon everybody. Welcome to this investor call. Coming to 
revenue, we have seen the order intake slide, there are headwinds on order intake and on the 
revenue side, in spite of the challenges that we were facing because of COVID and the actions 
were taken by the operations team to ramp up the site, getting the manpower at sites, we faced 
another two challenges, on account of heavier than normal monsoon and most of our sites were 
waterlogged making it virtually impossible to work at these sites and the second was with the 
outbreak of dengue. So, on top of COVID these two challenges emerged in this quarter for us to 
really address these challenges so as to beat the number that was the objective that we have set 
for ourselves. 
 
Here we have seen that we achieved a revenue of 7.3 billion as against a revenue in the Q2 of 
2021 of 8.8 billion. There is a difference of 1.5 billion almost about 17.5 billion percent keeping 
in mind the headwinds that we had on account of heavier than normal monsoon and challenges of 
account of availability of site manpower. There has been a significant portion of this revenue has 
come from our FGD execution as has been in the couple of last year quarter’s similar trend 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 9 
continues for us and if we compare our performance in Q2 FY2021 with the performance of Q1 
of 2021 year we had done 35% more revenues than what we did in Q1 2021 so clearly the 
operations are stabilizing and we are moving in the right direction on the revenue. The order 
backlog is now 44.7 billion at the end of Q2. 
 
Moving to the next slide, page number 9, which is on profit before tax and we have had a change 
in the product and margin mix compared to the Q2 of FY2020 in this current year quarter and our 
profit before tax has been 508 million as against 505 million of last year same quarter. In the 
current year quarter, Q2 FY2021-2022 we have exceptional item of 57 58 million on account of 
restructuring cost for right sizing the organization keeping in the mind the market trends that we 
have. 
 
If we look at the percentage of PBT versus revenue 2021 our percentage was 5.7 whereas now 
for the current year Q2 our percentage is 6.9 and if we add back the exceptional items, 
exceptional expenses that we incurred on restructuring this percentage becomes 7.7. We have 
been I would say our operations have stabilized and the profitability is moving in the right 
direction as revenue. 
 
This is it from my side. I would now hand back to Prashant Jain. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you Yogesh. With this we can open the floor to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Narendra from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Narendra M: 
Thank you for taking my question. Firstly on the gross margins side, again 26% in the quarter, is 
it largely because of mix or also it is due to commodity and with Subansiri project now back in 
the books and executable over the next three or four years, how should we look at gross margins 
behaving in the next two years. Also, like what is the status of these two projects and how much 
is left in the backlog and by when it is expected to be completed? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Thank you Narendra for the question. There are three questions that you have asked. First one is 
with regard to the, can you repeat the first question Narendra? My line was not very good. 
Narendra M: 
Gross margins of 26% they are lower than guidance, so it is likely because of the mix or there are 
other commodities against and how do you expect it going forward? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
I think we did not give any guidance on the gross margins. The gross margins of 26% are very 
much in line with our gross margins of 2021, the same quarter of last year as well. We are 
trending at 26% and we have basically taken care of the impact of inflation in the projections that 
we have there, the number that we have here and the numbers that we have here has been more or 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 9 
less in line with our mix that we have and I do not see any divergent to change in with regard to 
the last year same quarter or the quarter gone by. Can we have the second question again please? 
Narendra M: 
The three projects like how much is left in the backlog? 
Prashant Jain: 
Key projects we are left is about 90 Crores and as we have always been sharing that we are 
targeting that two out of the three projects will be completed by mid 2022 and the last one will be 
completed by mid 2023. So, these three projects will be executed fully by mid 2023 and we have 
provided relevant loss on our provisions, just to make them margin neutral in our actual 
achievements. Coming to the question of how the things will be on the three four years the line. 
We normally do not give the projections on futuristic but on this aspect we are very much 
moving in the direction of our projections for the trend that has been dealt in the past and as has 
been always mentioned that the backlog is primarily driven by steam of our HDDs FGD and the 
significant portion of almost about 55%,comes from steam FGD and then the projections on 
steam services are in the range of about 12%and hydro is remaining 35% almost. So, we have a 
reasonably good backlog and whatever the implications on the inflation and on the commodity 
prices and the challenges we have factored into our last quarter. So, we normally do not give any 
forward-looking statements, but we would be trending on similar lines on the future two, three 
years down the line. 
Narendra M: 
Thank you Sir. Second question is on the networking capital. We see again further retire your 
capex, how do you expect it to pan out, are there any delays in like our targets to reduce 
networking capital and also you are targeting it by FY2023? 
Prashant Jain: 
Narendra, can you please repeat your question? The line has been not good at my end. I am sorry 
for this. Just can you please repeat the question. I understand one is for the working capital, is 
what I heard? 
Narendra M: 
Yes, working capital has deteriorated so further your targets to bring it on track is it still within 
your range and by when do you expect to turn on net cash, you had earlier guided for FY2023. 
Does that continue? 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you for repeating the question. Our working capital situation has been impacted because 
of increase in trade receivables to the extent of almost about 2.8 billion and this is primarily 
driven by the increase in FGD retention of almost about 2.3 billion and this is in line with the 
payment terms that we have on these contracts and this has been we have always sharing that our 
payment terms are skewed or not favorable and the major chunk is attributable and moved to 
retention. So the working capital, as I said deterioration, if you use the word or more increase in 
the working capital is attributable to increase in retention and we have given an indication in the 
last meetings that we would be getting out of this trend or this trend will be reversing and we 
would be in a much better shape by 2022-2023. We are holding on to that projection and we will 
be striving hard to achieve the milestones for getting these retentions. 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Narendra M: 
Thank you Sir. I will get back into the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surabhi Saraogi from SMIFS Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Surabhi Saraogi: 
My first question is can you give a breakup of your other income? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Normally we do not give full details, but we can share some, basically this comprises of forex 
gains that we have had in this quarter and some other increase that we have on the side of our 
costs positions during the asset. 
Surabhi Saraogi: 
Sorry Sir, I could not catch the last word, entires on? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
I would say some reversals for some provisions. 
Surabhi Saraogi: 
Sir, another question is can you give some colour on your growth outlook? 
Prashant Jain: 
Thanks Yogesh. On the growth as I mentioned earlier, primarily the focus is on the FGD and the 
services market. On the services we see that the opportunities were about $900 million. 
Currently, we are ranging in the 3% to 6% market share depending on the product segment and 
the target is to in the next three to five years to get 10% to 15% market share in the services 
segment, we see that this is on track largely. Then the second area that we currently are strongly 
positioned at the FGD market where we see a good amount of opportunities and we will see that 
these are the two strong central pillars of the GEPIL business and these two we have recently 
added a consultant, external study by PwC strategy and they have evaluated the market from the 
marketing team with respect to what this as an independent strategy consultant and they have 
validated that there is a good amount of opportunities for the next three to five years in FGD and 
the services. So Vinit if you want to add a couple of words on the growth outlook.  
Vinit Pant: 
You are right, Prashant on the FGD we have seen that there has been a whole industry quarter 
slowdown, but there is a healthy pipeline. We still see the 140 GW which is yet to be ordered 
which is total about $10 billion and of course we are looking at cash accretive deals so we are 
looking at 6-7% of that market, but yes there is going to be a healthy growth for the FGD and 
there has been a delay of about two quarters, but I think it will start picking up from January and 
services of course yes it is going to be there. We have a pipeline for core services as well as 
upgrades, we see a lot of bids coming up, and revamping opportunities. So this is going to 
continue. Services will definitely be there. We are also looking at other areas, industrial boilers, 
industry segment we are trying to focus also on the industry segment besides power. So that is 
also going to be a growth area going forward. 
Surabhi Saraogi: 
That is all from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narendra from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Narendra M: 
Thanks again. On the execution side, we were having a lot of issues at our site, in terms of labour 
availability and supply chain, so have all the issues normalized with regards to the execution? If 
you could provide for this quarter between FGD and services, it will help us? 
Prashant Jain: 
First let me confirm that we see from COVID we are out. The manpower we are ramping up 
rapidly and we are in the range of a gap of about 10% to 15% on the workforce at site. So, we are 
close to the manpower that we need on the site for execution. On the FGD we see that we have a 
very strong rigor in place and I will ask Raj to add to this subject on what you think make sure 
the execution rigor and how that execution is on track and second part of the question Yogesh 
will take it up. So over to you Raj. 
Raj Raman: 
Thanks Prashant. As Prashant mentioned we got out of the COVID wave 2 in Q1 and as we got 
into Q2 we did see a good recovery on the workforce, but challenges on front of the rains which 
have been unprecedented and this is not like rains which have been long, but they are short 
duration rains but very heavy, which has caused lots of flooding in many of these sites. As you 
would imagine, most of our projects are brownfield projects and there some of the work areas 
which we are doing work, is not necessarily very easily accessible and being at low lying area 
within the site, created a significant challenges for our workforce access and in a  position to 
deliver the productivity; however, we are getting out of that. Aside of that what we have done 
operationally is that our approach has in the spirit of continuous improvement we continue to 
challenge ourselves in terms of better processes and systems which we are executing the sites and 
we are seeing a significant positive impact of that. What we call it as the Kaizen approach, where 
we do a week long engagement, cross functional engagement to solve challenges and progress 
and continue to improve our productivity and vigor of daily management all of this is helping us 
to take the situation further. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thanks Raj. Narendra what was your second question on the financials? 
Narendra M: 
Your revenue mix for this quarter. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Revenue mix for the quarter that has gone by has been, you want the percentages of specific 
projects? Here we have had the number is about 70% like our basic FGDs and about 16% to 20% 
in services and 10% in hydro. So, these are the broad percentages. I repeat, steam has been in the 
range of 70% plus, steam means FGDs, and boilers, and then we have steam services in the range 
of about 16% to 20%, and hydro was about 10%. The earlier question that you asked about the 
working capital, I would like to supplement there that there has been shared there has be 
substantial pressure on working onsite. So, some of the milestones could not be achieved, and 
like some retention payments could not be collected. So, this has been another issue, which has 
deteriorated or increased our working capital requirements. We have tried to factor into how best 
we can address by the efforts that operation, if we are putting in to come back on track but there 

 
 
 
 
   GE Power India Limited 
November 03, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 9 
will definitely some delays on these retentions and accordingly our shift in the positions on cash 
will happen, but still we are maintaining the FY2022-2023 fiscal we should move into the terrain 
of getting out of negative cash flows. 
Narendra M: 
Was there any provisions again this quarter? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
No new provisions. We had basically some as I have mentioned should be that we had some 
release of provisions arose out of the provisions which were there in the other income. 
Narendra M: 
What will be the quantum of the relief? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Normally we do not share. I can mention about the components, these were like regard to some 
on the on the tax side and some under bad debt side that we had on this provisions. 
Narendra M: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Prashant Jain for closing comments. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you all for joining the call today. Wishing you all a very Happy Festive Season. Happy 
Diwali. Thank you. Thank you team for the support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of GE Power India Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
