E:KRBL/BIBHU/STK_EX_2122/56 
23 November 2021 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 
530813 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
./ 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: KRBL 
Series: Eq. 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, 09 November 2021 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call as held on Tuesday, 09 November 
2021, on the Financial Results of KRBL Limited for the Second Quarter (Q2) and Half Year ended 30 
September 2021. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For KRBL Limited 
c:::?' 
¥
' 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
Cor orate Office: C-32, 5th & 6th Floor, Sector-62, Noida-201301, Gautambudh Nagar, (U.P.), INDIA. 
Re d Office. 5190 L~hori Gate Delhi- 110 006, INDIA. Tel.: +91-11-23968328, Fax: +91-11-23968327, CINNo. LOll!IDLl993PLC052845 
g · 
·Tel. :'+91-120-4060300, Fax: +91-120-4060398. E-mail: mails@krblindia.com. Visit us at: www.krblnce.com 
WORLD'S LARGEST RICE MILLERS & BASMATI RICE EXPORTERS 

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
KRBL Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 09, 2021 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of KRBL Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar Thank you. Welcome to KRBL Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
for analysts and investors. 
I am pleased to introduce to you senior members of the management team on 
today's call. We will have Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal – Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Anoop Kumar Gupta – Joint Managing Director; Mr. Ayush Gupta – Head, 
Domestic Division and Mr. Ashish Jain – Chief Financial Officer, joining us. 
We propose to commence with updates from Mr. Anil Kumar Mittal, Chairman, with 
views on the industry, business and broad strategy. He would be followed by Mr. 
Ayush Gupta who would take us through perspectives on the domestic business. 
Thereafter, we shall have the financial review presented by Mr. Ashish Jain. After 
the opening remarks from the management, the forum would be open for an 
interactive question-and-answer session. 
A cautionary note, certain statements made on today's call could be forward-
looking in nature, and actual results could vary from these statements. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available in KRBL’s Investor Presentation, which is 
available on the Company's website. 
I would now like to invite our Chairman, Mr. Anil Mittal, to share his views. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
Good evening to everybody. Let me first give my best wishes to all for this Diwali 
festival season. May you all be blessed with the bounty of prosperity and 
happiness in the coming times. 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Coming to the business, we all know, with the efforts of the Government by 
vaccinating more than 100 crore people, within the timeframe, we have more or 
less controlled the COVID pandemic to some extent. However, it all depends on 
how much our people remain disciplined and follow the norms stipulated by the 
doctors and the Government. 
It is a great relief to note that globally agro commodities have started picking up 
pace, leaving few countries like Europe and U.S. However, we had to face some 
hard times, especially on the logistic front, particularly in shipping. The availability 
of containers became a challenging factor, including the escalation of freight rates 
which have gone up by five times. The container freight rates for USA which used 
to be $2,000, have shot up to $12,000. For Canada, the rates have gone up to 
$14,000 per container. Similarly for Europe, the container freight rates have gone 
up from $900 to $7,000. And for Middle East, the rates have gone up from USD 
$600 to $700 to $2,000 to $2,500 per container. 
Same way freight rates have gone up to every other destination which has slowed 
down the demand to some extent. As a result, there is a 15% decline in the 2nd 
Quarter in the export of basmati rice from the country. But the challenge is not just 
the freight rates, also the availability of containers have become a major obstacle. 
The containers are not available for many destinations for the last two months. We 
at KRBL have to wait for about a month to get container for destinations such as 
USA, Canada, including Australia and South Africa. 
Anyhow, I remain thankful to my shipping department, who have been working day 
and night and have been following up with the shipping company so that we are 
able to manage the situation to a great extent. However, the importers are really 
feeling the heat because the freight amount for USA is as much as 50% of the cost 
of the product. You must have heard that the shipping lines have made 
astronomical profit to the tune of USD $200 billion this year. But we feel that things 
will not remain the same, and I think that there will be a correction in the freight 
rates in next six months. 
The turnover of the Company is almost the same as compared to the last quarter 
and year-over-year basis. But the export sales have come down by 44% over last 
quarter and 57% over year-on-year basis. 
During this quarter, we had an incident where there was a breakdown in one of our 
vessels which was carrying around 28,000 tonnes of basmati rice worth Rs. 140 
crore. The cargo reached the destination only by end of October, and the payment 
for the same are being received now. 
Besides, we are unable to locate a new distributor for Saudi Arabia, which used to 
be our premium market. We are not able to visit Saudi Arabia due to travel 
restriction, which I hope would be relaxed by the end of this month or by early 
December. I am sure that our 4th Quarter will show a remarkable progress as far as 
Saudi Arabia is concerned. Otherwise, export to other destination are going fine, 
except Iran. 
We were quite confident when Joe Biden assumed the Presidency of USA, that the 
relation with Iran would improve, and there would be relaxation in the U.S. 
sanctions. Unfortunately, there are no signs of any mutual agreement between two 
countries. Iran is a market for 1.4 million tonnes of Indian basmati rice, which has 
definitely got hit due to U.S. sanctions. However, some quantities are still going to 
Iran via third countries such as Dubai and Iraq. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Pakistan has also become a big competitor, though they are also feeling the heat 
on recovery of money from Iran. Even Pakistan is not able to recover their money 
from Iran for the last two to three months. They are actually in a big dilemma being 
a border country. Interactions are going on between India and Iran on a 
Government-to-Government basis for barter deal. If things materializes, there will 
be a huge export of rice and medicines from India to Iran. 
Recently, Iran has removed the embargo of importing rice from India and other 
countries, which they every year imposed during the month of July-August, 
because their new crops arrival season is from August onwards. So, day before 
yesterday only we got this announcement that the importers can import the rice 
and they can get the licenses. This is the latest news on Iran. 
On non-basmati, we are doing extremely fine as far as China is concerned. But we 
do not entertain much of the non-basmati business because the profitability is quite 
low. And KRBL do not involve in such businesses where the profit or margins are 
less than 8% to 10%. China will remain a big importer of 100% broken Indian 
basmati rice, but there are hardly any chances of exporting large quantities of 
basmati rice to China. Mostly basmati rice to China is catered from Hong Kong. 
But let me add over here that non-basmati business is increasing from India. And 
there has been an increase of four times as compared to two three years back, 
because we are the cheapest today in the world as far as non-basmati is 
concerned. When we went into the details that how the exporters are concluding 
such big business, we came to know that the business is concluded on a profit 
margin of just 3%, that is why our interest discontinued to enter into non-basmati 
rice. 
Now, I will like to give you some updates on the new crop. I would like to update 
you on the new crop which has also shown a lot of variants in pricing and quality 
this year. Farmers were not able to get a lucrative return of their produce last year, 
and therefore there was a less sowing by 10% as per the Crop Survey this year. 
Besides, the weather gods were probably unhappy. And delayed rains in October 
have damaged the new crop further. Thus the crop size as compared to last year 
has gone down by 25% as against the initial prediction or 10%. This has pushed 
the basmati, paddy prices upwards. 
Basmati 1121, which was sold at Rs. 28,000 per metric tonne last year is being 
sold at Rs. 36,000 per metric tonne this year. Pusa 1718 which was priced at about 
Rs. 24,000 per metric tonne, is today at around Rs. 32,000 per tonne. Similarly 
1509, which was sold at Rs. 18,000 per tonne last year is now priced at around Rs. 
28,000 to Rs. 30,000 per tonne. Traditional Basmati has not yet arrived. But I 
believe that the price will open above Rs. 45,000 per tone. If the prices of the 1121, 
1509, increase then Traditional Basmati will further increase. But Pusa Basmati 
Rice 1401 is costlier by Rs. 7,000 per tonne as compared to last year. With the 
current price structure and the freight rates, the overseeing buying pattern is 
somewhat subdued. The buyers are waiting the trend and may enter the market in 
the first or second week of December. 
Last time we had discussed about the development of new varieties by injecting 
two genes of bacterial blight and two genes of blast to control the pest diseases 
and to discontinue the use of pesticide. We have recently visited Pusa Institute and 
we were amazed to see that trial of pest-resistant varieties of 1121, 1509 and 
1401. The crop were healthy and sound. And we will get the seed this year for 
foundation seed, and 2023, the commercial production will start for Pusa 1885, 
Pusa 1882 and Pusa 1886, a substitute of 1121, 1509, and 1401 respectively. We 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
have recommended from the trade, rather to change the name of the variety it 
should be named as pest-resistant 1121, 1509 and 1401. 
Now, I would like to come on domestic sales. We have achieved a phenomenal 
growth in domestic sales, achieving a revenue of Rs. 687 crore compared to Rs. 
386 crore year-over-year and Rs. 417 crore quarter-over-quarter, which is around 
77% and 65% higher over comparative periods. Further highlights on domestic 
business will be shared by Mr. Ayush Gupta. 
We are planning to acquire some new businesses in the food category which will 
be informed as soon as we sign the agreement. We are in the process also of 
putting up some new plants for processing of regional rices in places such as 
Kandla, Karnataka, Maharashtra and West Bengal. 
We have already finalized a land at Kandla and the plant would be ready by next 
year from where we will handle both export as well as domestic business. This 
plant will give us a major advantage in export due to logistic factors. We have 
already recognized a 30 acre land in Karnataka, which would most probably be 
finalized soon. Besides, our brokers are on the hunt for procuring land in West 
Bengal and Maharashtra, and this will also be finalized by the end of this year. 
I am quite sure that with these new plants at Kandla, Karnataka and West Bengal 
along with Maharashtra, along with the finalization of the acquisition, we will be 
able to increase our topline as well as bottomline in the years to come. We are a bit 
late in procuring this land and the project because of the COVID. Otherwise these 
plants would have come by now, what was our original plan. 
On GI, the Supreme Court of India has remanded the case back to Madras High 
Court to decide on the issue within three months. Out of which, two months have 
already passed. Since the Appeal was of the MP Government, APEDA cannot 
interfere, hence the initiative has to be taken by MP Government. APEDA may 
intervene after the lapse of three months. As far as EU is concerned the matter 
stands as it is. 
Before concluding, let me add that in any agricultural commodity business 
anywhere in the world, there could be a differences in the revenues from one 
quarter to another. But we are sure that our yearly revenue picture will remain 
promising. 
I would now like to hand over to Ayush Gupta. Over to you, Ayush. 
Ayush Gupta 
I will now be discussing the domestic division’s performance for Q2. I am ecstatic 
to share that the domestic rice business recorded a strong quarter performance 
with volumes growing by 105% to 152,430 metric tonne, and revenue growing by 
77.9% to Rs. 687 crore. 
Branded rice business which continues to be our main focus in India, grew by 56% 
in volume terms, and 51% in value terms. The balance increase in volume and 
value was contributed by a one off unbranded rice opportunity which came along 
the way. 
The performance of the branded rice business has been all rounded with positive 
contribution coming from all channels and across product segments. I will be 
discussing the numbers in two broad segments, the Consumer segment and the 
HoReCa segment. 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Consumer Segment: 
KRBL has recorded highest number ever achieved in Q2 of any financial year in 
the Consumer segment. Backed by strong equity of the brand India Gate, the 
growth in the segment has been equally contributed by both general trade and 
modern trade channels. While growth in modern trade and eCommerce has been 
organically driven, we have through our teams put in place a concept of everyday 
great execution, where we monitor and manage the most critical performance 
metrics on a daily basis. This not only ensures consistent consumer experience, 
but also builds stronger trust and confidence amongst the customer. We believe 
these small wins every day will compound to give us a substantial competitive 
advantage in the long term. 
On the other hand, the growth story in the general trade channel has been far from 
organic. We have been undergoing systematic transformation. For a category 
which traditionally has been wholesale driven, today 30% of our general trade 
business comes from active retailing. Growth in this channel has been backed by 
persistent efforts of increasing sales team productivity, running successful retailer 
loyalty programs and putting in place a GTM which is committed, resilient and 
agile. 
To summarize, scaling up active retailing, practicing an impactful GTM, and focus 
on everyday great execution, are the strong pillars on which we are driving the 
consumer segment of the business. 
HoReCa Segment: 
Majority of the growth in the domestic market in Q2 has been contributed by the 
tremendous volume uplift in the HoReCa segment. While all four zones of India 
showed high double-digit growth compared to Q2 of last year, on account of 
markets opening up after COVID restrictions, the South Zone, the highest 
contributor to the HoReCa segment demonstrated close to 100% growth. On a 
lighter note, all I can say is that South Indians love their biryani. The performance 
at this front have been phenomenal. And the HoReCa numbers are healthy double 
digit growth even when I compare to H1 of pre-COVID levels with the current 
financial year. 
While brand equity and quality of product remain the top enablers, which 
persistently allow us to penetrate this highly cluttered market. I believe, undisrupted 
and consistent supply chain has given us an advantage over the vast unbranded 
fraternity of peers in the market. 
At KRBL, our outlook for the basmati category remains progressive. We believe 
there is immense scope of growth in both the Consumer as well as HoReCa 
segment of the business. We are constantly evaluating and upgrading our retail 
and distribution capabilities to match that to FMCG best practices. 
Thank you. I will now hand it over to Ashish, who will take us through the financial 
performance. 
Ashish Jain 
Thank you, Ayush. I will now take you through the performance from an in quarter 
perspective. All figures mentioned by me would refer to the consolidated financials 
of KRBL Limited. 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Total income for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,059 crore as against Rs. 1,136 crore in 
the same quarter last year, which marked a decline of 6.8%. Overall, revenue 
performance in the quarter was affected by exports during the quarter. Export rice 
revenue during the quarter was at Rs. 283 crore as against Rs. 669 crore in the 
same quarter last year while the rice volume was at 45,896 tonnes as against 
95,423 tonnes. The reasons for this performance have already been explained by 
Mr. Mittal. 
Moving on to the domestic rice business as mentioned by Ayush, the domestic rice 
business recorded a very strong quarter with volumes growing by 105% to 152,430 
tonnes, while the revenue grew by almost 78% to Rs. 687 crore. 
Arithmetically, you would see that the realization in the domestic business was 
lower than the comparable quarter last year. This is the direct impact of lower 
realization on the unbranded sales, which caused the overall realization to decline, 
though the realization on the branded business continues to be stable with only a 
marginal dip over the same period last year. 
With these comments I have covered the performance of the rice business of the 
company. Amongst the other larger product category, the power segment recorded 
revenue of Rs. 35 crore against Rs. 28 crore in the same quarter previous year, 
thus marking a growth of 20%. 
Having covered revenue, I will now move to the bottomline performance of the 
Company. Gross profit of the Company stood at Rs. 309 crore as against Rs. 339 
crore in the same quarter last year, while the gross margin was at 29.2% as 
against 29.8%. As you know, rice exports offer a higher realization on a per tonne 
basis, owing to lower exports in the quarter, overall sales realization per tonne 
declined, causing the cost of materials consumed to increase as a proportion to 
70.8% of total income as against 70.2% in the same period last year. This caused 
the aforementioned movement in gross profit margin. 
EBITDA margin for the quarter was at 19.2% as against 19.7% in the 
corresponding quarter last year. PAT for the quarter was at Rs. 136 crore or 12.9% 
as against Rs. 150 crore or 13.2%. I am happy to share that our net cash flow from 
operations was at Rs. 974 crore, a growth of almost 30% on a year-on-year basis. 
This was driven by tighter working capital management during the quarter. 
As we enter the paddy buying season, our cash position, our access to the working 
capital and thus our paddy inventorying ability remains strong. Cash and bank 
balance, including investments were at Rs. 915 crore at the end of the quarter as 
against Rs. 343 crore in the same quarter last year. 
Having covered the performance in the quarter, I would now like to touch on some 
recurring themes raised by investors with a view to provide more color on some of 
these themes. 
First is with respect to providing a second click on the four to five year plan, to 
achieve Rs. 8,000 crore revenue target managed by management in earlier 
quarters and the consequence capital allocation. I would like to mention that we are 
firming up the plan and we will be in a position to share more details on this, in the 
next quarter earnings call. As Mr. Mittal mentioned, both organic and non-organic 
growth will be key to this plan. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Second is with respect to the restructuring of the company's energy business. 
Basis discussion in the Board meeting yesterday, the plan has been suspended. 
As has been explained in earlier calls, the major challenge in accomplishing any 
form of restructuring in this business is in dealing with several State Electricity 
Boards for Amendment of the Existing Power Purchase Agreements. Second, the 
process to transfer the land and immovable property including certain forest lands 
and revenue land etc., is very cumbersome and involves considerable costs. 
That brings me to the end of my opening remarks. I would now like to hand over to 
the Moderator for opening the Q&A session. I will just like to mention that as the 
ED matter is sub-judice, we will not be in a position to respond to queries on this 
matter. So, over to the Moderator now. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from line of Pritesh Shah from Lucky investment. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Shah 
Thank you for the opportunity and Season's Greetings. Sir, some color issue to 
give on the H1, what is the domestic volumes and what is the export volumes that 
you would have done in H1 and the growth there? 
Ashish Jain 
Can we move direct to the next question, I will come back on this right? 
Pritesh Shah 
My second question is here, since there is a lot of quarterly swing it would be very 
nice if you could give us based on the H1 performance, what should be your 
volume outlook for FY22? 
Also, this H1 export volume from your opening commentary, does it mean that it 
doesn't include any major shipments to Iran and Saudi if you could clarify that. 
And my last question is, you mentioned about the new paddy prices in the current 
harvest. So, I wanted to understand what is the inventory that we are carrying at 
the end of September in volume terms? And is it fair to assume that a part of the 
Rs. 7,000 increase that you are seeing on the new cropping side, a part of that 
would flow down to your profitability as you start entering the next half or next one 
year where you use from your own inventory, this Rs. 7,000 starts flowing to your 
profitability. These are my questions, sir. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
I will be able to answer you on account of exports.  In first quarter there was no 
exports to Iran.  
Pritesh Shah 
I am asking for half yearly that would be very nice if it could be for half yearly. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
Half yearly numbers I don’t have right now. 
Pritesh Shah 
Half yearly volumes for export and half yearly volumes for domestic and what is a 
growth there, yes? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
You had also put a question to us about exports to Iran in H1. For H1 I don’t have 
the numbers right now. But as regards Quarter 1, there might be small quantities 
exported to Iran, but definitely there were no exports in Quarter 2.  
Pritesh Shah 
In Saudi? 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
There were some exports to Saudi during the 1st Quarter, but 2nd Quarter was very 
slow. I have explained earlier as well that Saudi Arabia was our most premium 
market and we used to export more than 1 lakh tonnes valued around Rs.600 – 
700 crores. The slowdown is because our distributor had a financial disaster in 
their organization . We now have to change the distributor since we are not able to 
achieve those numbers which used to be 4 years back. We have come down to 
20,000 tonnes a year instead of one lakh tonne a year. We are waiting for the 
flights to resume & visas to be issued so that we finalize our new distributor. We 
are already in discussion with 3 - 4 good Saudi distributors.  
Ashish Jain 
I can now share the volumes for the export, for the domestic business for the first 
half of this year. The total volume sold in the first half of this year in the domestic 
business was 238,300 tonnes. In the export business, it was 139,320 tonnes. 
Pritesh Shah 
What is the corresponding growth here, both these places? So, I think domestic 
would have grown and export would have declined, right? 
Ashish Jain 
Yes, that's right. So, the same number for the domestic business in the last year 
was 137,300 tonnes. And like Ayush mentioned this marks almost a 100% growth 
over previous year. 
Pritesh Shah 
For export, 139 versus one -- 
Ashish Jain 
 I will come back on the number for H1. 
Pritesh Shah 
My other question of this inventory, what is the carrying inventory that we have at 
half year? And your comment --? 
Ashish Jain 
Yes, the total inventory in our books as of September end was Rs. 2,015 crore. 
Pritesh Shah 
And in volume term? 
Ashish Jain 
So, volume, I will share that number. In terms of volume, I will give you the volume 
for paddy and rice. So, we had a total inventory of 62,000 tonnes of paddy and 
365,000 tonnes of rice. 
Pritesh Shah 
So, my other question in this was when you are mentioning Rs. 7,000 increase in 
prices for paddy this season. Is it fair to assume that incrementally when you draw 
down your inventory through your P&L via sales, a chunk of this inventory on let’s 
say high realization should now start flowing through your profitability? 
Ashish Jain 
Yes, so the way we look at it is that, I think there is no way that we will not respond 
to the higher cost of purchase. But at the same time, given that most of our 
volumes come from the branded side, I think to that extent we have that power to 
pass on the price and therefore protect the margin. Now in terms of timing, whether 
that price increase happens in this quarter or a few quarters later, is something that 
we will have to work on. 
Pritesh Shah 
And what is your volume outlook for ’22, after what you have finished for H1? 
Ashish Jain 
So, I think we are definitely looking at doing better than the last year however as 
Mr. Mittal mentioned, the trend on the export side is evolving. But our current view 
is that we should do better than what we did last year. 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Pritesh Shah 
Okay, just so that export figures of last year volume if you could give.  
Ashish Jain 
Yes, that I will -- 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Doshi 
Before my question, I just wanted to clarify on two comments which were made. 
So, one of the comment mentioned was, there was a Rs. 140 crore of export order, 
which has been now realized. So, is that correct understanding that the current 
higher debtor is approximately Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 200 crore higher than our 
normal debtor, is because of that account and it will be reduced to that extent. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
No, actually we had exported rice in the month of September itself, and it was 
supposed to reach the destination before end of September. But during the voyage 
the vessel met with an accident, and got halted in the midstream and it took more 
than a month to get repaired and reach the destination. It has reached in the end of 
October and the payments have come. The export will reflect in the 3rd Quarter of 
the financial year. 
Amit Doshi 
So, higher debtor irrespective of this order, particular order because our debtors 
are far higher than our average Rs. 200 crore to Rs. 250 crore of debtor. So, this 
quarter we have around Rs. 380 crore of debtor. 
Ashish Jain 
Yes, that's correct. So, I will just add to what the Chairman said. So, this particular 
sale that Mr. Mittal had mentioned is not a part of debtors. However, you are 
correct, the debtors are higher, but that's because of a separate transaction, which 
we will collect on in the current month. 
Amit Doshi 
And one mention was about Iran day before yesterday, some clarification came. 
So, now we will be able to export to Iran, correct? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
Factually every year, in the month of June / July, Iran puts an embargo on import of 
rice into Iran to protect their farmers’ interests since they themselves grow basmati 
rice. Every year they remove this embargo in September after arrival of their own 
crop. They have recently announced to issue import license for different variety of 
rice knows as ‘Sabte Sefaresh’ to import rice into Iran. But the payment problem is 
still persisting, since there is no payment available in the government coffers 
between India & Iran. Moreover sanctions are still in place, barter deals cannot 
materialize and there is no rupee payment mechanism available anymore. 
whatever rice is exported to Iran nowadays is exported via Dubai and other 
destinations. 
Amit Doshi 
So, we still don’t see next say half year you know going back to old volumes of our 
Iran sales that we used to do, probably two years back. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
For the last two months, high level discussions are going on between both the 
Governments. And we are quite hopeful that by December or January, something 
should materialize. We feel it is quite lucrative for both the countries to enter into 
barter deal because India desperately needs to import oil from Iran which is 
cheaper by 5 – 6% over other countries.  
Amit Doshi 
In the opening remark of Ayush, transaction mentioned that there is one-off 
transaction of unbranded rice. So, of course, there is a huge jump in the domestic 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
business of almost Rs. 300 crore, year-on-year comparison. So, what could be the 
contribution of this one-off transaction? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Rs. 100 crore. 
Amit Doshi 
Which is like one-off transaction which is not likely to repeat? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Yes. 
Amit Doshi 
And just one point that usually our margins are higher in the exports compared to 
our domestic. Now considering that there is a significant jump in the domestic 
business despite that our margins are hardly baring, a few basis points, down. So, 
what could be the reason for that? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Who told that domestic margin are less than exports? It's a realization in export is 
more than domestic 
Amit Doshi 
Realization, sorry, I mean realization are generally higher in export. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta No, the question is the realization in domestic is less because the basket which we 
sell them is broken rice, low price rice, but the procurement cost of that rice is also 
low. So, you cannot comment that margin is low in domestic. Margin is equally 
good in domestic as well as exports. 
Amit Doshi 
And you mentioned that non-basmati rice has a very low margin and that's 
something which is not of interest of KRBL. So, these new plants which are being 
set up in Karnataka, Kandla, West Bengal or Maharashtra, and the acquisition that 
you are planning or probably you are on the way to do some analysis. So, what 
could be those, it is towards what kind of segment expansion that we are looking 
at? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Yes, it's a good question, this is a regional rice and it is very premium quality 
regional rice. So, what we are talking, we will be buying the paddy, milling it, ageing 
for one year, one and a half years then selling it in a very premium segment, not 
only in India even in exports. And premiums are in the tune of 20% to 30% over to 
new rice. We are not talking as a commodity. We are talking as a totally branded 
regional special, just like you see Gobindobhog, Gobindobhog, today is sold more 
than basmati rice, which is of West Bengal. Kolam rice which is one and a half year 
old is sold by minimum 25% to 30% higher than to the normal rice. SonaMasoori in 
South has been sold at 25% higher, if it is aged and in a very good quality rice. So, 
we are not trying to hit the 90 million tonnes market. We are going in a market 
which is around a million tonne or two million tonnes. 
Amit Doshi 
And apart from this one-off transaction of this domestic business, the balance part 
you believe it's more of a sustainable number, because that's something which is 
significantly higher? Or do you believe it’s just a Q2, there is a bit of a pent-up, etc., 
that is there in these figures? 
Ayush Gupta 
No, definitely as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the numbers that we are 
doing in Consumer segment as well HoReCa segment are on a positive outlook. 
The numbers that we have done are sustainable, and we see great amount of 
opportunity still lying in this market. There are a lot of expansion opportunities, 
there are still a lot of growth opportunities from a distribution and retailing point of 
view. So, the numbers that we are doing are purely results of our efforts in the 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
general trade and modern trade channel. And we will continue to meet those and 
we see a lot of opportunity, still in the basmati segment. 
Amit Doshi 
And last question about this huge cash that we now have an approximately Rs. 900 
crore plus cash on our hand. What is the plan to use it for these new plans or 
CAPEX, for acquisition, etc., and what balance portion you plan to distribute it? So, 
I am just trying to understand the allocation of that cash that we are going to 
generate, and which you already have -- 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Generally the food industry the CAPEX is not that big a cost, it is generally the raw 
material. When I say I have to age the rice for one year, one and a half year. So, I 
need thousands of crore for ageing those rices. We have money, but definitely it 
will be used in the raw material ageing process. 
Amit Doshi 
So, most of it is going to be rather than increasing the distribution, we are planning 
to use that cash existing cash as well as new cash generation towards this working 
capital of additional inventory, etc., Is that correct? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta And we are looking at acquisitions also. So, money can be spent there also. 
Ashish Jain 
Yes, I think there was a query earlier on the H1 exports, that number is 132,000 
tonnes of last year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from Moneyore. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Agarwal 
My question is, who bears the cost on the container and all, whether we bear or the 
client bears, to understand how the container cost behaves? And second, can 
there be an average inventory gain of 20% over the next one year. And third 
question is, because our domestic business has improved tremendously going 
forward if export comes back either to Iran to or to Saudi so will we be able to meet 
that demand, what is the capacity utilization basically? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
All are very important and good questions. Let me clarify that all the freight is borne 
by the buyers, since we do not have a long term sales. Our sales / contracts are 
concluded for a month or maximum 2 months, since we are into FMCG products. 
We do not sell like a private label with quantities varying from 40,000 - 50,000 
tonnes. We sell to each distributor on the basis of 1 or 2 months sales. Therefore, 
whatever we sell, we sell at the increased freight rate and that is hitting the buyer. 
This is a big financial hit and all the customers are worried. In case the freight rates 
go on increasing like this, then there would be an impact on the pricing.  
Rajesh Agarwal 
Second question was on inventory gains, on an average of ~Rs. 2,000 crore 
inventory? Can there be a 20% gain over one year? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta That's minimum, we are expecting, minimum. 
Rajesh Agarwal 
And third question, suppose now domestic demand has gone up, if export comes 
back in a big way, after six months when the container price reduce or we are 
trying to export to Iran, Saudi, Iraq. So, will be able to meet the demand? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
In all our conversations in the past, we have explained that we have a huge 
processing and milling unit at Punjab. We are already working on a 55% to 60% on 
our installed capacity.  So, we have a spare capacity in case we have a growth of 
35 – 40%.  

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Even for rice processing, we are utilizing today around 80 – 85% capacity. 
Therefore we have 15% extra capacity in the rice processing as well. Besides, we 
are in the process of putting up another processing plant. Since we have 2 – 3 
years aged rice in our stock, milling is not that critical for us. We need more 
processing lines which we already have and are going to commission another one 
this year.  
Rajesh Agarwal 
So, procurement will be easier for us or procurement will be difficult. So, much 
volumes, if we are going to procure more? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
Our speciality is on paddy & rice procurement. We have today more than 2.2 
million square feet of covered warehouses, and have around 6 million square feet 
of open plinth area for storage of paddy. There is no issue in handling, even if we 
increase by 200,000 tonnes. It will not be difficult for KRBL. 
Rajesh Agarwal 
The last question is like to like suppose we compare basmati to basmati, in exports 
and domestic. What is the difference in realization, the cost remaining the same? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Yes, it's about 5%, it is 5% more in exports. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta 
#1 I had one question on capital allocation. Now, you said that most of the cash 
that we have and we do have a lot of excess cash now, will be used to finance the 
inventory. But reality is, your return on networth is almost like 15% to 20%, 
historically. And against that your growth rate is much lower than the return on 
networth. So, even if you are targeting doubling, to Rs. 8,000 odd crore even then 
you are talking about growth rates of 12% or 13% maximum. And since your return 
on networth is much higher, you will be able to more or less finance it with your 
internal accruals, which means that you actually don't need the Rs. 1,000 crore net 
cash or whatever, Rs. 500 to Rs. 1000 crore net cash position that you have right 
now. So, what are the concrete plans about that? 
#2 secondly, I think in the CFO’s remark, also they said, two of the questions 
related to the investors have been answered, but no decision or no announcement 
has been done on the buyback front, which also has been a constant question from 
the investor. 
So, I think on these two, we need more clarity, because we actually feel as investor 
that you are financing your inventory which can be financed by 5%, 6%, pre-tax 
cost of debt, with equity, which is much expensive way of financing this inventory, 
and which can be financed using the internal accrual from the profits that you will 
generate from this quarter to the next five years. 
Ashish Jain 
I would just like to add to the comments that I had made. This is Ashish. I think, in 
the way that things stand right now, your observation is correct. However, as it has 
been mentioned, we are looking at a 2x revenue. Now for that, like has been 
mentioned, there will be a couple of levers that we will pull, one will be on the 
organic side, which is manufacturing plants being set up. Second, Mr. Mittal has 
already mentioned that there will be inorganic acquisitions. So, the future capital 
allocation may look a lot different than our current capital needs. And this is why we 
have asked for time till the next earnings call, for us to be able to give you a more 
second click view on how the capital will be spent or allocated over the next five 
years. Does that answer your question? 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Sarvesh Gupta 
Yes, understood. Second question is, on your realizations, I think it was mentioned 
just now that realization in domestic is lower by just 5%. But if I remember 
correctly, if we were to do the maths of dividing your export revenues with our 
export volumes, at least in the previous periods, I think our difference in realization 
was very significant to the extent of 40% or thereabouts. So, more than Rs. 100 
rupees per kg, in exports versus what we get in domestic. So, can you throw some 
more light on realizations? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
When we talk about the pricing in domestic market, we talk about the basket of 
products. In domestic market, we have about seven or eight different SKUs starting 
from Mogra, Mini Mogra, Dubar, Tibar, etc., whereas in export we export only the 
head rice. Let me add here that export of broken rice is not allowed by the 
government. It was banned under DGFT Regulation 1928/37 way back 20 years 
ago.  So, when we talk of the realization of Rs.57 it includes those SKUs which are 
Mini Dubar, Dubar, Tibar, Mogra’s which cost right from Rs. 40 to Rs. 45 and 
upwards.  Whereas in exports, we have a better realization because whatever we 
export is head rice. The question was that if we match apple-to-apple, head rice to 
head rice, whatever head rice we sell into the domestic market as compared to the 
head rice being sold in exports, there is a better realization of 5% overall in the 
export market over domestic market. 
Sarvesh Gupta 
And for the entire baskets, the gross margin of export versus gross margin of 
domestic, is that the same or you were saying that for the same --? 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Yes, it maybe two, practically say, maybe 2% or 3% here or there. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
VP Rajesh 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to get a sense of potential 
margin expansion, given what Mr. Mittal said about the exports to Saudi and Iran, 
potentially coming back in Q4. Where could these margins go up to? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
It is difficult to comment at this moment, because anything being conveyed from my 
desk should be 100% correct. We expect once the Iran and Saudi market starts, 
we will really have a good jump since if we look at five years back my export to 
Saudi Arabia alone was around 98,000 to 100,000 tonnes. And Iran we have been 
shipping annually about 125,000 to 150,000 tonnes. Therefore, I am talking about a 
gap in business of about of 225,000 – 250,000 tonnes which cannot be brought 
back overnight. I am hopeful that it might take a year or two to resume those 
numbers. Moreover, when these quantities of 200,000 tonnes business come 
permanently again back to us, we are talking of a top-line of Rs. 1,400 to Rs. 1,500 
crore a year. And the bottom line, as you have seen in the last 10 years, we do not 
do any business with lesser margins since we are into our own branding & do not 
work under private label.  
VP Rajesh 
My second question is that you mentioned there is a high level delegation 
discussing a barter deal with Iran. So, has that been done in the past meaning is 
there are precedence for doing barter deal with Iran? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
About 50 years back, India had derived out a mechanism of Rupee payment with 
Russia in barter deals. That helped India to carry on with huge export & import 
transactions with Russia. Same way 4 years back, we derived a mechanism of 
Rupee payment with Iran wherein we used to import crude & petrochemicals and 
other commodities from Iran & export medicines, rice, tyres and many other things 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
in terms of Rupees. The system was being controlled by RBI & was being handled 
by UCO Brank & IDBI Bank.  
So, when I talk of barter deal, India requires to buy 2 million tonnes of fertilizers 
besides crude & petrochemicals, which the Indian government is not able to click 
due to current sanctions. Last time, the sanctions were relaxed and India was 
intelligent enough to click the deal  
VP Rajesh 
My last question is regarding the acquisition. So, if you can give a little more color 
as to what area we are looking at, and what is the potential size of the transaction 
that you may be looking at, that will be helpful just to understand how we are 
thinking about using this cash? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
It has been almost now four to five months, we have been discussing. It will not be 
appropriate for me to disclose the price of the acquisition. For five months, day and 
night my team has been working on this acquisition. But there are so many ifs and 
buts till the time the deal is not signed. If we are working on a deal for five months 
and there have been hundreds of calls from one end to another call, with the 
foreign participants & third parties to conclude this deal, it is difficult to say whether 
our five months’ labour would be wasted of if we could succeed. I was expecting 
this deal would be concluded by 15th October itself. Now we are on 15th November, 
so it's difficult to comment anything on the deal. 
VP Rajesh 
Maybe you don't want to talk about the size, but maybe just directionally in which 
area is it, is it in the rice business or is it in completely different? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
I would like to not disclose too many things, but it is concerning food business. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma 
One was regarding Iran, in the best days, what was the maximum market share we 
had in Iran, historically? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
The maximum share of Iran, I feel was in ending 2020, I believe we sold about 
200,000 tonnes. 
Anuj Sharma 
My second question is on the distributor in Arabia, while it will take time, as the 
permits come and you said it will take one to two years. But he will be distributing 
on the back of existing setup, right. So, why should it take so much time for a new 
distributor to scale up, in a market wherein your brand is already known, just some 
thoughts into this segment --? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
You have a valid question. Actually, this distributor was appointed by us in 1988. It 
has been already 32 /33 years he has been our distributor. And the relationship in 
so many years is at a different level. He knows all the nitty gritties of the rice 
market right from HORECA, wholesale, general trade including modern trade. In 
the past we have been showing excellent exports to Saudi Arabia alongwith the 
results.  
In last five to seven years, I don't know what mistake they made. They are not 
coming out with the truth about the big losses in their business transactions.  I do 
not know where they made the mistake, which made them lose billions. That is the 
reason they got financially broken. Therefore, for the last two years we are really 
facing problem. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
We now want to change the distributor.  Not changing the distributor was our 
mistake. If we now decide on a wrong distributor, it will be a big failure for us.  It is 
important for us that we should choose the right distributor. For choosing the right 
distributor, we have already selected four or five big MNC players who distribute 
food items.  We have to visit Saudi & see their operations and infrastructure and 
decide on one to them. That is why it is more important to visit Saudi, stay there for 
a week’s time evaluate their operations and then decide who will be our next 
distributor for India Gate Rice.  
Anuj Sharma 
My last question is in the Middle East, are there any areas or countries beyond Iran 
and Arabia where you believe, you can have larger market share than what do you 
have now? And which would be these countries? Thank you so much. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
There is only one country where we are still not very aggressive. And we intend to 
really develop business over there. We are facing the problem of profitability. 
People are working like non-basmati rice where there are very small margins. 
Therefore, we are looking for our own distribution in Iraq. Iraq is the country who 
started buying around 150,000 tonnes four years back and today they import 
600,000 tonnes. Entire exports are under private label, and no branded rice is 
going over there from India. We are looking for a good distributor for India Gate 
Rice to protect our brand and our profitability.  
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Himanshu Upadhyay, an independent 
analyst. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay So, my question was on this, last year, we built a large amount of inventory as the 
prices were very low. And now this year, the prices are 20% to 30% higher, and we 
will be selling even volume terms much higher in FY21 versus FY20, or even FY19. 
So, how would our strategy evolve on buying of paddy? And would it be that similar 
amount we would like to keep of inventory or you would be, will again like to build a 
higher inventory because we sold a higher in last year? Or we will be selling higher 
in FY22? Can you throw some light on your strategy and how the mind works when 
the inventory or the prices of paddy increases? So, this was first question. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta I don't know what will happen after one month or two months, the market is on, but 
as the price presently is about 25% to 30% higher. We see our procurement will be 
80% to last year. It will be lesser than last year. But next year, our procurement will 
be 130%. This is the way KRBL operates, if the prices are higher we do 80% to 
85%, if prices are lower we do 120% to 130%. That is why today the stock levels 
are 365,000 tonnes of rice. And it is natural phenomena in the industry. When the 
farmer get a very good price per acre naturally the next year, the sowing would be 
just 50% more than this year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay And the second question was on the non-basmati side, when we mill the rice, we 
get even broken into half and one-third, okay, and we sell it in the market. For non-
basmati, is the proportion of broken rice after milling higher or lesser? And do we 
get similar premium for a non-broken rice in other varieties over broken rice, 
because we are focusing on that segment, so this was the question. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta No there is no premium on non-basmati broken. Actually, we are looking at rice 
flour, we are looking at idli, rava, we are looking at so many products of non-
basmati broken, will be value adding to those SKUs. 
Himanshu Upadhyay So, I was saying that in agro commodities or companies which deal with 
agriculture, there are two things or two moats one is the brand or we buy 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
companies for a brand. The other is processing and getting the supply chain, the 
whole supply chain for that agro commodity. So, when a company looks at 
acquisitions, what would be the rationale for acquisitions for us, not the recent one 
we are doing, but even in future, will we want to buy brands or it would it be 
because we want to have a backend supply chain and storage facility and 
relationships with the various participants in the market. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
We are buying the brand for two reasons, one is the brand, and to increase our top 
and bottom-line because we are sure, if the brand comes to us, we will be able to 
achieve a good top-line as well as the bottom-line. These are the two reasons of 
acquiring the company. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Maheshwari from 
SkyRidge Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Maheshwari I wanted to know if you can share the geographical breakup of India revenues, with 
the East, West, North, South? 
Ayush Gupta 
I am sorry, that information is competitive in nature, will not be able to share it. 
Abhishek Maheshwari My second question is that last two, three weeks we have been hearing about food 
shortages in China. I don't know how far it's true or not, but we have been hearing 
about it. So, do you, are you hearing something like this in rice industry also? Or is 
it just speculation? 
Ayush Gupta 
I am just confirming your question, is your question about whether we are seeing 
any rice shortages in China? 
Abhishek Maheshwari Yes. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
There is a shortage of rice in China. As far as rice is concerned when it comes to 
head rice or superior quality of rice, they don't want to buy from India, and they are 
buying the total demand either from Thailand or from Vietnam. When it comes to 
India,  they are buying only broken rice because that is their necessity, because 
they don't have the availability of broken rice from Thailand and Vietnam. They 
don't have alternative for that quantity of broken rice. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Madrecha from Augmenta 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Aman Madrecha 
Can you just give me a mix of our B2C and B2B, if there is any, like what 
proportion of revenue comes from B2B and what proportion comes from B2C? 
Ayush Gupta 
I am sorry, once again this is competitive in nature, we will not be able to disclose 
that. 
Aman Madrecha 
Just a basic question, like why are we seeing the insulation such price rises in the 
paddy and the rice, like what are the reasons for this price increase? 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
Let me explain you, the rice sowing is done in GI area which are limited to seven 
states. And there cannot be any expansion, whole India cannot produce basmati 
rice. Basmati rice as compared other crops is directly connected to the economics 
of the farmer income. Last year the farmer never got a good pricing and prices 
were quite low. You will be surprised, a variety called 1509 was sold at Rs. 18,000 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
to Rs. 19,000 a tonne, which was in huge production last year. This year, for 1509 
the price is about Rs, 29 – 30 a Kilo which is around 35% higher over last year. 
This year since the farmer is going to get a handsome return, and economically 
they are very happy on basmati prices, next year the production of basmati is going 
to increase as Mr. Anoop Gupta told you. So, this is directly connected to the 
economical situation and the income of the farmer. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of 
Chetan Doshi from Tulsi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Doshi 
Looking at the balance sheet, if you see that there are changes in inventory of 
finished goods or work in progress or stock in trade. Now, this current quarter the 
amount has increased by almost five times. So, last quarter, it was Rs. 55 crore, 
this year you have shown Rs. 283 crore. Suppose we remove this or whatever is 
saleable, what impact it will have on the Profit Before Tax? Because six times that 
amount is increased. 
Ashish Jain 
We have not understood your question. 
Chetan Doshi 
I will tell you, see you have shown that the work in progress or stock in trade or 
increase in finished goods, last year, September quarter, it was only Rs. 55 crore, 
this year it is Rs. 283 crore, that has reduced the Profit Before Tax by that much 
amount. 
Ashish Jain 
Sorry, I am not still not able to relate to the figures. Can we just take this offline? If 
you don't mind? 
Ashish Jain 
So, let’s take that offline because I am not able to relate to the numbers at least in 
the balance sheet. 
Chetan Doshi 
Another question is you have shown your inventory position at Rs. 2,016 crore, 
what is the saleable value of this current price, if you see, what will be the saleable 
value of these Rs. 2,016 crore? 
Ashish Jain 
I think Mr. Gupta had mentioned that, if we look at our purchase price as compared 
to what we are able to sell, there is a clear markup of 20% that we estimate. So, 
does that answer your question. 
Chetan Doshi 
It is around Rs. 2,400 crore. 
Ashish Jain 
Yes, but that, so like I had mentioned our inventory includes amongst other items, 
two things, one is paddy and the other is rice. So, I think you should look at the 
20% number on the rice value. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta No even both the value, 20% number, but it will come in next three four quarters 
when the rice will be sold. 
Chetan Doshi 
Going by the logic what you just explained to other investors that there is the 30% 
gain in the current pricing over the last year. Now, if that is true, then the 
profitability is not showing that much improvement in the quarter which we ended 
that is September. Can we expect that in December quarter, the 20% to 30% jump 
in the current profit level will be shown? 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Anoop Kumar Gupta It doesn't mean that I will sell everything in that quarter only, the stock which I am 
carrying 365,000 tonnes, will be sold in next five to six quarters. 
Chetan Doshi 
Let me tell you KRBL is a very efficient company, it is doing an excellent investor 
presentation. We have no doubt that the performance of company is in good 
hands. We have no doubt on that. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta No, what you are saying, suppose I reached a turnover of Rs. 1,200 crore in the 3rd 
Quarter. In Rs.1,200 crore I will be selling the new crop also, I will be selling the old 
crop also. It is not the total stock which I sold, which I am carrying, I will be selling 
it. Maybe I am selling 30% of that, 40% of that, 60% I will be selling the current 
also, because parboiled doesn't require ageing. So, the average profit, you can’t 
say the total profit of that will come. Naturally we are giving EBITDA of 18%, 19%, 
20% then 3rd Quarter we expect a better EBITDA, no doubt about it. 
Chetan Doshi 
Reason is nobody carries such a big inventory in the rice industry like KRBL. So, 
what we are concerned is that the profitability of the company also will increase 
because of the increase in the prices, and the realization is improving. 
Anoop Kumar Gupta Yes, you are right. 
Chetan Doshi 
One last question, we requested you couple of times regarding issuing some 
discount coupons on the premium basmati, which we are selling. Now, if that is not 
possible, then I would request that we may be having around 40,000 to 50,000 
shareholders, why not distribute something free of cost, if discount is not possible. 
Because we are carrying Rs. 900 crore cash, we can very well afford to spend 
around Rs. 1 or Rs. 1.5 crore on this. 
Ashish Jain 
Thank you for the suggestion. See, as far as pricing for the domestic market is 
concerned, Ayush runs it. He is sitting right next to me. If he sees value in doing 
this, he will do it but the decision is really his. 
Moderator 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anil Kumar Mittal 
Thank you to all the participants. We are quite confident that we are able to answer 
the question in an appropriate and proper manner. And we are able to satisfy our 
investors. And if anything is left over you are welcome to send us a mail, to make 
you satisfied in this regard. Thank you very much for your attendance. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of KRBL Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may not disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
