 
 
 
 
Regd. Office : Marathon Futurex, A Wing, 25th Floor, 
Mafatlal Mills Compound, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (E), Mumbai - 400 013. 
Phone: 91-22-2302 3333 • Fax: 91-22-2300 2036 • CIN:  L67120MH1997PLC112443 
Website: www.cdslindia.com 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
CDSL/CS/NSE/PSB/2021/273 
 
 
 
 
December 27, 2021 
 
The Manager,  
Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol: CDSL 
ISIN: INE736A01011 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
Sub:  Analyst /Investor Call /Conference Call held on December 22, 2021 
 
Re:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
This is with reference to our intimation dated December 20, 2021 regarding the 
Conference call scheduled on December 22, 2021 with Manulife Investment 
Management, Canada, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference 
call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the company: 
www.cdslindia.com 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nilay Shah 
Group Company Secretary & Head Legal 
Enclosures: As above 
Digitally signed by: NILAY RAJENDRA 
SHAH
DN: CN = NILAY RAJENDRA SHAH 
email = NILAYS@CDSLINDIA.COM C =
IN O = Personal
Date: 2021.12.27 17:55:07 +05'30'
NILAY 
RAJENDRA SHAH

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
Conference Call with Manulife Investments” 
 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPEAKERS: 
MR. GIRISH AMESARA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
CENTRAL DEPOSITORY SERVICES (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAMKUMAR – HEAD, OPERATIONS & BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT, CENTRAL DEPOSITORY SERVICES (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL ALVARES – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CDSL VENTURES LIMITED 
MR. NILESH KITTUR – AVP, CENTRAL DEPOSITORY 
SERVICES (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MS. SARAH YOSHIDA–MANULIFE INVESTMENTS 
MR. PRAKASH CHAUDHARI–MANULIFE 
INVESTMENTS 
 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Central Depository Services 
India Limited Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the talk mode, if you are 
travelling or in a crowded place please mute or unmute your lines by pressing 
‘*’ and ‘6’ on your touchtone phone. We also request the participants not to 
place the call on hold during the conference call. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and ‘0’ on 
a touchstone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Kittur. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Nilesh Kittur: 
Thank you. Welcome to CDSL Conference Call. From CDSL management 
team., we have Mr. Girish Amesara, CFO of CDSL, Mr. Sunil Alvares, MD & 
CEO of CDSL Ventures Limited, and Mr. Ramkumar s Head of Business 
Development and Operations. I now request, Nirav to open the floor for 
discussion 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. And I open the lines for questions. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Hi, this is Sarah from Manulife Investments and I have on the line with me 
Prakash Chaudhari. So, he's the Portfolio Manager on our team. And maybe 
just to give you some background on us, we are based in Toronto, we manage 
about $27 billion of North American and global equities. And we look to invest 
in businesses for the long term. So, that's just some background on us. And we 
are just looking to get some more confidence in the growth profile of the 
business and then get a better understanding of the regulatory environment is 
kind of the main objectives that we have. 
So, I had some specific questions prepared, but maybe I will ask you, what’s, 
is there a specific way that you would prefer to go through this call? Or can I 
start with questions. 
Sunil Alvares: 
So, you can go ahead with your question, we can start this discussion. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Okay, so one of the questions that we have is that we understand that there are 
two depositories in India so being NSDL and then and then yourselves the 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
CDSL. And from our understanding the NSDL is linked to NSE and CDSL 
linked to the BSE, the Bombay Stock Exchange. So, maybe it just to help us 
with just an understanding, can you give us maybe the background on the 
regulatory environment, because from our understanding, there are portions of 
your business and price structure that is regulated. So, just trying to understand 
just kind of the competitive landscape and industry structure between those 
two entities? 
Girish Amesara: 
So, just to reiterate, CDSL was promoted by BSE and other investors and now 
CDSL is the only listed company in Asia Pacific region. And all the 
shareholders are public shareholders. And BSE holds around 20% in CDSL 
and the competition that is NSDL was promoted by NSE and that’s where it 
remains. 
Girish Amesara:   
And you were asking on the pricing. So, our income is largely contributed by 
transaction charges, IPO corporate action, annual issuer charges income, online 
data charges with respect to our subsidiary and other miscellaneous income. 
Now, annual issuer charge income is a regulated income, but the charges that 
we levy to our customer who are the listed companies, who are admitted with 
both the depositories are regulated by SEBI. And the charge structure is based 
on the share capital that is admitted with depository as on 31st of March, based 
on every 31st March based on that share capital. The invoicing is done in the 
month of April. 
And the structure is based on the capital structure, starting from minimum fee 
of Rs. 5000 for unlisted company and Rs. 9000 for listed companies up to Rs. 
75,000 charge which is the maximum charge that is levied based on the capital 
structure. Apart from that on the average folio holding during the previous 
year, at a rate for portfolio Rs. 11 rupees is also calculated. And the levy on the 
company is made by comparison of the structure based charge and the folio 
based charge whichever is higher is levied on the company. And that is annual 
issuer charges thereafter transaction charges based on -- 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Sorry, maybe, can I just ask a quick question on the annual issuer charge. So, 
from our understanding, that charge per folio so, that Rs. 11 that actually 
increased back in I believe it was 2009. But can you just give us a better 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
understanding of why the regulator raised prices and if you have any visibility 
on I guess price increases for this part of your business. 
Girish Amesara: 
So, the last charge increase effected by the regulator was in 2015. Prior to that 
the charge increase was done in 2010. So, as a practice every five year, the 
regulator has been allowing the increase in the annual issuer charges. In 2020 
the same was due for increasing the charge, however, considering the pandemic 
situation, we have not yet decided to go to the regulator seeking increase in 
charge. 
Basically, this activity is a joint activity between both the depositories. So, both 
the depositories has to make a representation to SEBI which is our regulator 
and based on the representation SEBI may consider revision, based on the 
discussion that they have with the depositories. So, considering this pandemic 
situation, we have not yet gone to SEBI. And that's the situation as of now. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Okay. And I guess that would be, when you are raising prices, it would be all 
the companies that would need to list, that would be charged to them. So, 
maybe as well, one of the questions we had was if your company, and if you 
are listed and you need to be dematerialized. How do these companies choose 
between using NSDL versus CDSL? And how do they make that decision -- 
capital or initially go public? Do they need to list with both stock exchanges -
-? 
Ramkumar: 
A listed company as per the present regulations has to admit the securities with 
both the depositories. So, a listed company doesn't have a choice of one over 
the other. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Okay. And then I guess how if companies need to raise additional capital, how 
do they choose between NSDL and CDSL? 
Ramkumar: 
The same logic applies ma’am, when they want to do additional capital, 
increase capital it could be by the preferential allotment or it could be rights or 
it could be a bonus. So, all these are all going to the demat account holders 
only, to that extent, they have to admit with both depositories. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
, since the existing shares are listed by definition the additional capital and 
hence the sharescovered by the additional capital also need to be listed. So, we 
go back to the earlier regulation point which says that every listed company 
should be admittable with both the depositories. 
There is also a regulation which says that all allotments will be made only in 
the demat form. So, to that extent, a person who is coming out with a new issue, 
a person means a company, coming out with new issue or is coming out with 
the preferential allotment or rights will necessarily be giving allotment only in 
the demat form in either of the depositories. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Okay, that that helps. And then I guess just my last question, then on the annual 
issuer charges, can you help us quantify. So, we have read, a number of data 
points around how many companies still need to Dematerialize versus how 
many companies exist in India. Can you just help us understand what the 
opportunity is going forward for how many companies still need to go through 
this process? And if we are thinking 10 years out, how does how does the 
growth profile for this annual issuer charges piece of the business change? 
Ramkumar: 
Ma’am we don't forecast into the future in terms of saying how much we will 
be able to bill or how much we will be able to receive . 
 presently every listed company is admitted with both the depositories. So, to 
take the discussions further any company that gets listed henceforth will need 
to necessarily be admitted with both the depositories. So, shares of  all these 
IPOs that you would be aware of that comes or hits the market would need to 
be admitted with both the depositories. 
, is that, presently any unlisted company, unlisted company means the ones 
which is not listed in the stock exchanges, need to get their share 
Dematerialized as and when there is a transfer or fresh allotment to be done by 
that unlisted company. This is what the regulations are.  There are very few 
unlisted companies which go for additional capital or capital infusion or they 
get any transfers because they are  a closely held companies. So, that probably 
answers your question ma’am. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Okay. So, there are very few unlisted companies and any company that wants 
to raise capital, we have to go through those --. 
Ramkumar: 
No, ma’am there are more than a lakh i.e. Hundred Thousand  of unlisted 
companies, but the companies which would go in for additional capital, or the 
companies, which would go in for transfers, because some investor within the 
company requested for transfer would be very small ma’am. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Okay. 
Ramkumar: 
One lac is 100,000  It is about 110,000 in terms of number of unlisted 
companies.  
Prakash Chaudhari: Just to clarify so, because our understanding was that there was going to be a 
large number of companies that need to Dematerialize of that 100,000 
companies that are still private. Are you saying there are not many more 
companies that need to Dematerialize -- 
Ramkumar: 
No, I would like to correct this understanding what I mentioned is there are 
110,000 odd unlisted companies. But the trigger point for the unlisted 
companies to admit the securities in the depository would be either that 
company is going for fresh capital or capital infusion, as we call it or the 
shareholders going for transfer, only then the company needs to admit. So, 
unlisted company, although there are 110,000 companies, very few of them 
would be in a situation where for infusion of capital or the shareholders within 
the company would like to do a transfer. I hope this clarifies.-- 
Prakash Chaudhari: Sorry, it's just that last point that you mentioned, that's confusing us. I think, is 
when you say there was very few -- 
Ramkumar: 
That is what, see the unlisted companies, if the unlisted company is adequately 
capitalized, they will not fall in the bracket of having to compulsorily demat 
the security. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Right, but it's difficult to ascertain of those 110,000, how many may need to 
raise capital, is that correct? 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Ramkumar: 
Correct, that is perfect, your understanding is right. 
Prakash Chaudhari: And I just have one more question before I pass it back to my colleague, Sarah. 
when you talked about the annual issuer income, you mentioned that 
companies must admit with both CDSL and NSDL. But my question is, does 
that mean the revenue that is generated by CDSL and NSDL for annual issuer 
income is exactly the same for both companies, because every company that 
has Dematerialized must pay a regulated amount to both companies is that 
correct? 
Ramkumar: 
It is partially right. Slab wise if you see the rates are exactly same in NSDL 
and CDSL but there is also a rider on number of folios, as Madam mentioned 
some time back Rs. 11 per folio. If the number of folios is more multiplied by 
11 is more than the slab rate than that depository stands to get more income. 
So, to that extent the income is derived from the number of folios held by the 
depositor. Folios means, demat accounts. 
Prakash Chaudhari: And folios correlate with the number of individual and clients that own 
securities, is that correct? 
Ramkumar: 
Perfect. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
I think that's clear. So, I have maybe just one last piece on that. So, when you 
say it's determined by the number of folios, I guess maybe a different way to 
ask would be why would there be a different number of folios at the different 
depositories? 
Sunil Alvares: 
The way it works ma'am is that, the investor opens the account through ar 
depository participant of the depository. So, when he opens the account, okay, 
he is agnostic whether he is opening it in CDSL or NSDL. So, there is a 
possibility that there are more number of shareholder accounts of a particular 
company in CDSL as compared to NSDL. So, in that case, the annual issuer 
fee on CDSL would be higher. It's not necessary that the investor has to open 
both accounts, the investor can open an account either with the CDSL 
depository or with an NSDL depository. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
So, if I have, say about 10,000 investors in a particular company, say 7000 
would have opened in CDSL then if I take 7000 and multiply by 11, obviously, 
the income on CDSL would be higher. So, that's how it works. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
So, it depends on the number of accounts, and it's the actual company that pays 
– 
Sunil Alvares: 
So, effectively, there are two ways we bill the customers, one is based on the 
issued capital or paid up capital and secondly is on the number of folios, 
whichever is higher. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
So, I think that was it on the, maybe if we can, I think I cut you off before when 
we were starting to talk about the transaction income. And maybe if we could 
-- 
Prakash Chaudhari: I have got one more question on the annual issuer income before we go to this 
transaction. I just was thinking back to when you talked about increasing 
prices, you mentioned that both --. I want to clarify this, do both NSDL and 
CDSL have to cooperate and both agree to propose to SEBI to request an 
increase in price? And do both CDSL and NSDL have to come to an agreement 
on how much that price increase would be before getting a price increase? 
What I am trying to understand is if you wanted an increase, but NSDL did not 
would that prevent any price increase? And then attached to that question or 
related to that question is what are the incentives that NSDL has increased 
prices? And what are your incentives in the sense that is management 
compensated these are variable compensation to management at CDSL to grow 
profits and maybe you can elaborate on that. 
Sunil Alvares: 
See so far as both the depositories are concerned there is an incentive in the 
sense it adds both to the top-line and to the bottom line whenever there is an 
increase in the pricing, okay. So, far as whether we could go it alone, it would 
be difficult in the sense because these are guidelines issued by the regulator so 
far as the charges are concerned. So, once the regulator issues directive for 
increasing   the annual issuer charges, then it becomes applicable for both 
depositories. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
#3The question which you asked is whether CDSL can go ahead and NSDL 
may not join in, if that happens, then maybe the regulator might not agree to 
increase the charges. So, basically, there are a lot of factors which the regulator 
also decides whether there is any justification in increasing the charges,. So, 
earlier it has happened every five years, but that is not to say that it will happen 
every five years, it is just a coincidence that earlier it happened every five years. 
#4 is there a variable income component of the income for the management, so 
yes, there is some I think maybe my CFO will be able to throw more light on 
that. 
Girish Amesara: 
So, in case of, if you are asking a question for on variable component in 
employee costs, there is yes there is a percentage of variable component which 
is decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of 
Directors for Employees. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
I was just, I think you were going to speak on the transaction income. So, next 
just as it relates to the regulated portion and from my understanding, this is the 
charge that this is the DP, the Depository Participant pays this charge, and it's 
based on trading activity that's directed by the end client, but maybe if you can 
just start just on what that business is exactly. And then if you want to touch 
on it from a regulatory perspective, because I do believe I said the price that 
the price per trade is going down. So, if you can just provide some color on 
that? 
Girish Amesara: 
So, that's the transaction charges are levied on depository participants by the 
depositories. And the transaction charges is levied on debit happening in the 
DEMAT account. The rate of transaction charges, for CDSL it is starting from 
Rs. 5.50 per transaction and it goes down till Rs. 4.25 paisa based on the 
volume generated by the depository participant. And the competition charge a 
flat rate of Rs. 5 per transaction. I hope I've answered the question. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Yes, maybe just on yes, the price going down, I guess. Just on the lowering 
prices, like is there a floor to how low that price could go? And maybe it's what 
I was thinking because I read about the rise of online brokerage platforms or 
online trading platforms. And just curious as to you know, if the depository 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
participants are paying this key, like who ends up absorbing the cost if these 
online brokerages come in as a low cost competitor? If you could help me 
understand that part. 
Sunil Alvares: 
See on the debit side, now the lowest we go is to Rs. 4.25 INR that is. And that 
depends on the volume of transactions done by the depository participants. So, 
we have a slab based structure. We start at Rs. 5.50 and as the volume of 
transactions increase, we charge a lower rate of Rs. 4.25. That's the lowest that 
we can go to. 
Now, so far as the depository participants are concerned they levy a markup 
and they charge the end investor. So, the end investor may be online or he may 
be going physically to the depository participant. The depository participant 
has a mechanism where he debits the account of the investor. So, that is how it 
works. I hope that answered your question. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
And maybe just on the competitive piece, so NSDL, from my understanding, 
you do have some benefits, or maybe it would be great if you could talk about 
the competitive advantage that CDSL has. And I believe it would be just the 
depository participant network that you have but --. My question is, why 
doesn't NSDL, I guess I think the difference is that they have higher account 
minimums and there are these benefits of being – compete. 
Sunil Alvares: 
Ma’am we are very clear that from a competitive perspective, we believe right 
from the beginning that as we have a wider network of participants, we will 
have more accounts which will get added into CDSL. So, over a period of time, 
we have added about 600 participants and NSDL has about 275 odd 
participants. 
Secondly, we also believe the way the tariff structure is being designed in the 
depositories is that only if there are transactions in an account, the depository 
get some revenue so far as transactions are concerned. So, at that point in time 
we focused on transacting brokers who would have large number of 
transactions, so that if they become participants that really add to the 
transacting income. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
So, that's how we have had a large number of brokers, okay who do a large 
number of transaction and that adds substantially to our transacting income. 
And so also most of the large fintech’s have joined up with CDSL. And again 
out there, there are a large number of transactions and that adds to our 
transacting income. 
As against NSDL, they had more of institutional DPs or depository 
participants. So, many of those accounts, I would say, are not as active as the 
accounts which are there with the brokers. I hope that answers your question. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Can I just ask one clarification question. When you say NSDL has mainly 
institutional clients, would that be something like a large pension fund 
manager, who would use, I guess their DP account would be with NSDL, is 
that what you mean rather than retail trading? 
Sunil Alvares: 
Let me clarify, NSDL would have both retail accounts as well as institutional 
accounts. But since they started off almost two and a half, three years earlier 
to CDSL, and at that point in time, the regulator made it mandatory to hold 
securities in the DEMAT form, most custodians developed their systems for 
their institutional clients, for NSDL only. So, that has continued over a period 
of time. But so far as retail is concerned, we have almost about 50 million 
accounts whereas NSDL has around 24 million accounts, I would say, as of 
date. 
So, to a large extent, we are like a retail depository where all the retail 
customers have, most of the retail customers have their accounts with us. To 
give you an example, I mean, we almost have 70% market share. And the 
NSDL would have a large percentage of the institutional account. 
Prakash Chaudhari: And my understanding, institutional accounts would be accounts on behalf of 
investments, investors who have larger amounts of assets or capital like 
pension funds and mutual fund companies. Is that -- 
Sunil Alvares: 
So, to answer your question, both the depositories have retail as well as 
institutional accounts. The only difference is NSDL would have a larger 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
percentage of institutional account, whereas CDSL would have larger 
percentage of retail accounts. 
Prakash Chaudhari: And is there a chance that you could, so you got greater market share in the 
retail accounts, but what would need to occur for you to have a bigger market 
share in the institutional accounts? 
Sunil Alvares: 
I would require more of the institutions to open accounts with us and then 
ensure that they transact through CDSL and also that the custodian supports 
CDSL to that extent. 
Prakash Chaudhari: So, I just want to understand when you see open accounts with you, the 
institutions don't, from my understanding they don't open the account directly 
with yourself. They would open it with a DP, is -- 
Sunil Alvares: 
Open it with the custodians also  DPs, that's right. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Okay. So, really, would you not need to convince the custodian to switch, to 
use you rather than NSDL? Would it not really be that the institution would be 
sort of agnostic as to which, whether they are using NSDL or yourselves, and 
it's more, the bigger decision is which custodian they use, is that correct? 
Sunil Alvares: 
No, it's more a matter of, I would say it's more of a business call in the sense 
that today we charge say Rs. 5.50 and NSDL charges Rs. 5 at the highest slab. 
And in terms of custodial transactions, they are very few, I would say compared 
to retail transactions. So, it should make make business sense for them. But at 
the same time, we have been adding a lot of facilities to our services to try and 
convince these custodians to push a CDSL also on the institutional side. 
Prakash Chaudhari: I think I understood, you correct, even though there is a pricing difference 
between CDSL and the NSDL, that's a smaller portion of the cost of an 
institution versus the custodians. 
Sunil Alvares: 
See one thing is that - No, you have to understand how the depositories tariff 
structure works out here. Here for every debit into an account whether it is an 
institutional account or retail account, I levy a charge of say RS. 5.50 and 
NSDL levy the charge of Rs. 5, okay. You can say almost 99% of the 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
transactions which are billed today, they come from retail accounts. So, rather 
my focus has been totally on retail accounts. Though, we would be very happy 
to add institutional accounts as well, but the revenue actually comes from more 
of retail accounts. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Understood, because institutions don't make many debit transactions, is that 
correct? 
Sunil Alvares: 
Absolutely. And even if they do that, it comes, there are large tranches of 
transactions, so there will be huge volumes out there. But in terms of revenue, 
I will generate just say Rs. 5.50. So, to give you an example for institution 
whether I do a one billion transaction also I generate Rs. 5.50 and for a retail 
investor if I do a Rs. 1 transaction also I will be generating Rs. 5.50.  
Sarah Yoshida: 
Maybe I guess, what would be the largest driver or how do we think about 
growth of transaction income, not necessarily a number, but what are the 
drivers of growth for this segment over the long term? 
Sunil Alvares: 
See one of the drivers is the number of accounts which get added because as 
the number of accounts get added the transactions would definitely come in 
over a period of six months once the account is opened. And secondly, once 
the transactions happen and securities are held in that account, the annual issuer 
fees also would kick in for us. So, these are two major drivers for us. 
And also the primary market is the second driver in a sense that whenever there 
are large number of IPOs a large number of accounts get added into the 
depository. So, that's the second driver for the depository market. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Can you just repeat that last part on secondary market? 
Sunil Alvares: 
I said so far as we have the primary markets, if they tend to be very buoyant, 
then a large number of IPOs when they hit the market, it helps in number of 
accounts getting added at that point in time. So, that's the second driver for the 
depositories account growth. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
I think that was my last question on the transaction income. But was there 
anything I missed on I guess that portion of the business I was thinking, if we 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
could speak about the KYC or the CVL business, and some of those other 
services and any other parts of the business that were missing in terms of other 
growing parts of the business or how other parts will survive. 
Sunil Alvares: 
So, for as the KYC business is concerned, we were the pioneers of KYC, 
centralized KYC in the country. We conceptualized, designed and 
implemented the first KYC registration agency in around 2006, with the AMFI 
- Association of Mutual Funds. And we ran it for about four years then the 
regulator made it mandatory in 2012 for the entire capital markets by coming 
out with the KYC regulations. And since then, we are, I would say one of the 
largest KYC registration agencies in the country. 
And there are two legs to the charges, one is any intermediary can create a 
KYC of an investor, and we charge Rs. 20  out there. And once that KYC is 
created and pushed into the KRA, and the investor decides to invest through 
any other intermediary, and is required to do his KYC, then he can go to 
intermediary and quote his PAN number, then the intermediary can fetch the 
KYC from the KRA, and he is levied a charge of Rs. 35. So, that's how the 
KYC model works in India. 
And we also have recently registered as agency for providing Aadhar-based e-
KYC. And using Aadhar-based e-KYC, an investor can do his KYC online, 
and which can subsequently be pushed into the KRA. So, I hope that answers 
your question. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
And I get, it sounds like the driver of growth would be the opening of additional 
beneficiary owner account. Is that correct? That would be kind of the main 
driver of the growth because every time they open an account, I would assume 
you would have to set up -- 
Sunil Alvares: 
It's not only a beneficiary account, but it could also be a broking account, it 
could be a DEMAT account or it could be any other account which is opened 
in the capital markets. Then if the investor’s KYC is done, then the record is 
fetched. Otherwise, if the record is not available in the KRA, then the record 
has to be created and uploaded into the KRA. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Sarah Yoshida: 
And then, I guess this question came to mind, but I was just thinking about the 
depository participants. This is somewhat unrelated, but will help in my 
understanding. So, the depository participant, I noticed that there is a difference 
in the number of DPs registered with NSDL versus CDSL. How does the 
depository participant decide which depository to be registered with? And if 
they have a client that comes to them, how are they choosing whether to open 
the account with NSDL or CDSL? How does the DP make that decision? 
Sunil Alvares: 
See that, I mean, the depository participant, whoever decides to first and 
foremost to register with whichever depository, I mean, one is they would be 
getting proposals from both the depositories and then they evaluate that is one. 
Point number two is, it's also a lot of marketing from both the depositories side 
to the depository participant. And then whichever depository is successful, they 
are able to convert that particular intermediary as the depository participant. 
And among the depository participants also, they also speak to other 
intermediaries, and then decide what is good for them. So, that's how it works 
out here. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Just to be clear, sorry, each depository participant is either with CDSL or 
NSDL, right? You can't be with both, it's only, it's a choice to one or the other, 
is that correct? 
Sunil Alvares: 
No, that's incorrect. Each depository participant can be either with CDSL or 
with NSDL or with both. So, that's how it works. 
Prakash Chaudhari: So, if they are with, maybe that's where I am a bit confused, if they are with 
both and they are attracting clients, on a client-by-client basis, how are they 
choosing, whether they use CDSL or NSDL, because they only can use, each 
end client will only be with either CDSL or NSDL. Is that not correct? So, I 
would have thought they would choose one for all their clients, if not, how are 
they choosing for each individual client? 
Sunil Alvares: 
Okay. So, there are three ways they normally do it. One is, if a depository 
participant is both with CDSL and NSDL, one is that he may decide that certain 
channels are allocated to CDSL and certain channels are located to NSDL. So, 
some depository participants have a digital channel so, they may allocate to 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
CDSL. If somebody may have a physical channel where you know applications 
are collected at the branches, where he may allocate only to NSDL, okay. Then 
there are large players like banks, so, certain banks may allocate certain 
branches only to CDSL, certain branches only to NSDL. 
Certain depository participants who are only online then they give an option 
whether you want to CDSL or NSDL account. So, you have all types of 
permutation combinations which actually work out. I hope that answers your 
question, sir. 
Prakash Chaudhari: When you said online, you give the, they get the option of CDSL or NSDL. Is 
that the end participant or is it the DP that gets that option? 
Sunil Alvares: 
No, no, it is the end investor who gets the option because he comes online to 
the participant’s website and he opens an account. He doesn't come to me 
directly to open an account. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Okay, so the end investor chooses CDSL or NSDL. Is that correct? 
Sunil Alvares: 
Yes, some of the participants do give an option online. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Okay, some of the DPs. Okay, so some DPs, gives the option to their customers 
to choose? 
Sunil Alvares: 
That's right. 
Prakash Chaudhari: And why it would, it seems to me that it seems, it would be very confusing to, 
especially when you mention that some banks would use, some branches would 
use CDSL and others would use NSDL. Does this have something to do with? 
I think somewhere I read that NSDL uses on premise servers, whereas CDSL 
uses a Cloud approach to running all the background infrastructure. Is that why 
some banks might choose one or the other? And could you just elaborate on 
how that choice is made by DPs? 
Ramkumar: 
We are also, CDSL is also running on-prem only, the data center is in our 
control, so that all the data related to CDSL in terms of further details of the 
account, details of the transaction is stored in our server. So, it's on-prem. As 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
far as on-prem issue is concerned both NSDL, CDSL has that on-prem concept, 
so we are not storing anything on Cloud #1. 
#2 The DP chooses convenience over any other thing, convenience and money. 
So, if the DP feels that volumes are going to be high than they will choose 
CDSL over NSDL because then you get the benefit of about say 20%, 25% 
reduction on the transaction charges, because our lowest charge is Rs. 4.25 
paisa, as against Rs. 5 charged by the competitor. So, that would be one 
deciding reason. Another would be the setup cost, which the DP may feel is 
lesser in one depository over the other. This is the second reason. 
#3 Of course the IT services that you were talking about. But there is not much 
too, because both of us are using on-prem, both of us are having equally good 
cyber security checks in. 
Prakash Chaudhari: So, both of you are using on-premise solutions, but when you said the setup 
cost might be different. Are your setup costs lower in general than NSDL’s? 
Ramkumar: 
Yes correct. 
Prakash Chaudhari: You said yes, right. 
Ramkumar: 
Yes. 
Prakash Chaudhari: I think this is helpful. So, the DP will choose based on transaction volume. So, 
they would have an estimate of whether their customers are generally going to 
be doing a lot of debits. And if they are then they are going to benefit from that 
volume discount. And if they are not, then it may not make a large difference. 
So, they may for whatever reason, choose NSDL. 
I guess I am trying to think of any reason, maybe the other way to ask this 
question is, in what scenario would NSDL be more convenient for a DP, 
because even if the transaction volume is very low, it's, I guess that's the point 
is it still Rs. 5, is still cheaper than Rs. 5.50. So, if it's very low, it's possible 
that it's cheaper to use NSDL, is that correct? 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Ramkumar 
That is to, for DP who knows for sure that his transactions are going to be very 
limited he may want to use the NSDL over CDSL for that reason of that 50 
paisa difference that you spoke about. But such DPs would be large DPs, that 
is point number one. And large DPs typically would be having both 
depositories in place, the reason being they wouldn't want to tell their clients 
‘No.’ Suppose there is client who come to a DP, saying I want to open account 
through CDSL. And while the DPs has got only account with NSDL, they may 
be losing the customer. So, to that extent all large entities where about maybe 
about 180 to 200 DPs were common, common means they are having 
registration with NSDL as well as CDSL. So, why they are having that is 
because they want to give choice to the customer as to whether they want to 
open account with CDSL or with NSDL. So, basically, the call is a business 
call. And also the convenience of the operations team of that particular 
operation is management team of that particular entity, the DP entity 
Prakash Chaudhari: So, does that mean that you are spending some of your marketing to end 
customers, to let them know why using CDSL might be a better service for 
them versus NSDL? 
Ramkumar 
We do  Investor Awareness Programs where we speak about the advantages of 
holding securities in the DEMAT form, etc. that is under the banner of CDSL 
Investor Protection Fund that is one. So, indirectly we are talking about CDSL, 
point number one. Point number two is, more than us marketing to the end 
customer about the virtues of CDSL or the depository, it is the DP who drives 
the customer towards choosing one or the other. There is a DP who does the 
marketing in terms of saying open account here, open account there. And then 
whatever benefits he wants to give, he will extend it to the end customer, 
related to which depository he wants to, give advantage to. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
I just had one last question before I wanted to ask some questions just on the 
expenses, but for last question as it comes to NSDL versus CDSL. It's just from 
everything that I understand about the rise of retail investing in India, and there 
is this shift in bonds, and you have obviously been focusing on the retail 
investor. How come, you know, why wouldn't NSDL compete if that is higher 
growth, I guess, in terms of number of transactions, number of accounts, the 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
annual issue income is all linked to the retail investors. So, why doesn’t NSDL, 
compete over the long run? 
Ramkumar: 
Ma'am that is a question that should be posed to NSDL. So, we wouldn't be in 
a position to answer as to why the competitor would like to compete, not 
compete. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Right. Okay. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Maybe just ask the question differently. Is there any reason that NSDL couldn't 
change its pricing structure to match yours? 
Sunil Alvares: 
No, I think it's not that it's, we are having a larger retail share only because of 
pricing, there have been very various other factors. And I think one is that from 
the depository participants, we have been more proactive in giving them more 
solutions in terms of setting up their business to allow us, you know helping 
them expand your business. To that extent, we have had larger share of the 
depository participant. And it is the depository participants who actually drive 
the business. So, pricing is one part, but it is not the only thing which actually 
drives the business. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Maybe you could elaborate on what is it specifically that you have done to help 
the DPs, to expand their market share that NSDL hasn't provided their DPs? 
Sunil Alvares: 
So, it's more a matter of internal strategy. So, I really wouldn't like to discuss 
this in the public domain. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
I guess, before I have some questions on just expenses, and how to think about 
the cost base, was there any other part of the business that we missed that would 
be a driver of growth? If it's, I know that there is other segments with online 
services and other pieces, but is there any other growth pieces that we missed 
from a top-line perspective? 
Sunil Alvares: 
I think the discussion has fairly covered everything ma’am. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Maybe just on cost, then can you just, your cost base, can you just highlight 
what the main expense items would be and how is it your cost base would be 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
fixed versus variable and how to think about expense growth relative to your 
top-line growth? 
Girish Amesara: 
So, just on the expense part, see largely our cost are divided into four main 
areas, one is employee cost, second is technological cost, third is regulatory 
cost and the last portion is the other ancillary costs like auditors remuneration, 
business promotion or miscellaneous expenses or rent, office maintenance, 
postal, telephone. So, all these are part of the ancillary costs which are 
associated with a business. 
Now talking about technological costs, generally technological costs would 
have an inflationary cost escalation of 10% to 15%, and at the same time, there 
are various regulatory push that is required to be implemented. So, we may 
incur additional costs towards those activities. For example, this year we 
implemented eDIS facility. And last year we also implemented the margin 
system, Pledge Margin System. So, that required additional development. And 
talking about employee cost, employee cost generally would be having 
inflationary expenditure of roughly 10% to 15% again. 
And the regulatory cost largely contains a charge which is levied on the 
depository, which is  based on a SEBI regulation which requires us to charge 
5% of our operating profits to be paid to the Investor Protection Funds. The 
regulatory cost mainly consists of this charge and apart from that, there are 
certain fees that we have to pay to SEBI, based on the collection that we make 
from the issuer income. So, largely this covers the overall cost structure. I hope 
I have answered your 
Sarah Yoshida: 
So, maybe just on this tech cost and the additional cost to incur, how long are 
you going to have to make those investments, and I guess, yes, going forward, 
how much of that, how much spend is there required for this ongoing or 
additional costs? 
Girish Amesara: 
We are in a way a technological company. We are maintaining investor’s data 
electronically. So, this cost is going to remain for a longer time. And we are 
going to incur this cost. But if you ask me to put up a value to it right now for 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
future that I will not be able to do it. What I can say that this, whatever cost we 
are incurring is going to stay. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Yes, maybe I will just ask the question a little bit differently. Do you have any 
commentary on margin for your business in terms of, is there room for 
improvement on margin or are there reasons why margin might come under 
pressure and fall? 
Girish Amesara: 
At present, if you look at our margin, we are doing fairly well. And pressure 
would be something like we cannot estimate on the transactions which are 
going to happen in the market. So, that risk is always there, that in case of lower 
transaction in the capital market, we may have lesser amount of transaction 
charges. So, that risk is going to be there for both the depositories, and for stock 
exchange. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Yes so if we say that maybe another way to ask is, is there a scale in your 
business? So, if we assumed that transactions doubled, would your margins 
improve? Because are there some portion of your costs that are fixed because 
you did mention SEBIs are variable, directly variable with your operating 
profit, but is the rest of your profits relatively or the rest of your cost structure 
relatively fixed? 
Girish Amesara: 
I would not comment on any futuristic statement but your assumption is 
correct. 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Maybe just the last piece of, as a management team, how are you incentivized 
to drive return for shareholders like are you incentivized based on growth 
growing margins or is it return on capital? Or how are you incentivized to earn 
a shareholder return? 
Girish Amesara: 
See, currently, our dividend policy is at 60%. Generally, we pay 60% of our 
net profits  as a dividend so that we are going to continue as per our dividend 
policy. And that's about it. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Our understanding is that senior management is appointed by the regulator for 
CDSL. If I am incorrect, let's just start there. How does senior management of 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
CDSL determined, do shareholders propose a Board or, and how do senior 
management selected --? Can you elaborate a little bit more on that? 
Girish Amesara: 
So, as per the dividend policy, generally company recommends to the Board 
of Directors and Board of Directors reprimand to shareholders. Shareholders 
approves the dividend and that’s how dividend gets paid to the shareholder. 
This is the structure defined under the Companies Act in India. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Sorry, I am not actually asking about the dividend. I am more asking about the 
selection and the appointment of management in terms of the CEO, the CFO, 
how are those positions decided on? 
Girish Amesara: 
So, generally, in case of Managing Director or in case of a Senior Management, 
the candidates are identified through an agency or by issuing a public notice in 
newspaper. And the Board of Director, a committee of the Board of Directors 
selects the candidates. In case of Managing Director, the selection has to be 
approved by the Board of Directors, then shareholder and then it goes to SEBI 
for their approval. And based on SEBI’s approval, the Managing Director is 
appointed. In case of Senior Management, the Board of Director takes the final 
call. 
Prakash Chaudhari: So, in fact, the private shareholders of CDSL have an opportunity to select and 
influence who the Managing Directors are, and to select the Board of Directors, 
it's just that SEBI also needs to approve it, am I understanding that correctly? 
Girish Amesara: 
So, the structure of Board of Directors specified by SEBI that a majority of 
Directors should be Public Interest Directors. And this Public Interest Directors 
are also appointed based on final approval of SEBI. 
So, currently, if you look at our Board of Director structure, we have five 
Public Interest Directors, one Managing Director and two Shareholder 
Directors. So, what you are seeing may not be correct always. There is lesser 
possibility to influence the directors in such a scenario. And ultimately SEBI 
decides as to who should be appointed as Managing Director. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
So, when company puts a proposal, company has to provide the minimum two 
names to SEBI for appointment of Public Interest Directors. And similarly, for 
whenever there is a proposal sent for appointment of Managing Director to 
SEBI for their approval, minimum three names has to be provided. 
Participant: 
And why does SEBI want so much control over the Board of Directors? 
Girish Amesara: 
I cannot comment on that aspect because these are regulations in India, and we 
have to follow those regulations. Basically, these regulations are applicable for 
all market infrastructure institutions. So, basically all stock exchanges and 
depository has to follow these regulations in India. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Just before we run out of time, is there a direct contact information like an 
email that we could have of yourself. So, that if we want to schedule a follow 
up call, or potentially when COVID is over, a visit in-person, we could 
communicate directly rather than going through a broker, is there some way 
we could get your best contact information. 
Sunil Alvares 
We can provide the email addresses, there is no issue. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Sure. 
Jatin Damania: 
You can send the mail addresses to me, I will forward it to the management. 
Thank you. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Sorry, did you did you say that? We can send an email to you and you will 
forward it to management? 
Jatin Damania: 
Yes, I will do that. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Sorry. What's your email? Sorry? 
Jatin Damania: 
It is jatin.damania@kotak.com. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Oh, okay. Sarah, do you have that email? 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Yes, I have that. 

 
Central Depository Services India Limited 
December 22, 2021 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Prakash Chaudhari: Okay, and then maybe if management could respond to that, so that we have 
their direct email. That would be great. Sarah, do you have any other questions? 
Sarah Yoshida: 
That was it for me. I didn't have any more. 
Prakash Chaudhari: Okay, I think I am out of questions for now as well. So, I appreciate the time. 
And Sarah, do you want to close up or do you want me to close up? 
Sarah Yoshida: 
Yes, no, thank you so much. Thank you so much for your time and apologies 
for what had happened last week. I got the notice late and then it was 12:30 
AM here. So, I apologize for that. And I am really, really appreciative of your 
time. So, thank you again. And thank you, Jatin, for helping facilitate this. 
Jatin Damania: 
Thank you, Sarah and thank you the entire team of CDSL. Thank you Nilesh 
Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Central Depository Service Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect 
the lines.. Thank you. 
