Mahindra Epc 
Date: November 3, 2021 
To, 
The General Manager, 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-I Block G, 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
Plot No. H-109, MIDC, Ambad, 
Nashik - 422 010 Maharashtra India. 
Tel +91 253 2381081 / 82, 6642000 
Email 
: info@mahindrairrigation.com 
CIN No. 
: L25200MH1981PLC025731 
Website 
: www.mahindrairrigation.com 
Agri Helpline toll free number 1800-209-1050 
To, 
The General Manager, 
Bombay 
Stock 
Exchange 
Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra 
Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, 
(East), 
Mumbai 400051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: MAHEPC 
Fort, Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 523754 
Sub.: Submission under Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read 
along 
with 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
(Second 
Amendment) 
Regulations, 
2021. 
- 
Transcript of Investor Call. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference 
to our letter dated 25" October, 2021 and pursuant to 
Regulation 
30 
and 
46 
of the SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
“Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
read 
along 
with 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
(Second 
Amendment) 
Regulations, 2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor call 
held with the Investors/Analysts/ Several Funds on 29" October, 2021 to 
discuss the performance of the Company for the second quarter and half 
year ended 30" September, 2021. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
Very truly yours, 
For 
Mahindra EPC Irrigation 
         
  
  
   
  
Ratnakar Nawghare 
Company Secretary

Mahindracerpc 
“Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited Q2 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
29" October, 2021 
Mahindracerpc 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHOK SHARMA-— MANAGING DIRECTOR 
Page 
1 of 9

Mahindracerec 
  
‘Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, 
good day and welcome lo the Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited 
Investor's Call. As @ reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode, And there 
will 
be an opportunity 
For you to ask questions afler the presentation concludes, Should you need 
assistance during the conference 
call please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on yout 
touchlone phone. Please note thal this conference is being recorded. 
| row hand the conference 
‘over lo Mr. Ashok Sharma, Managing Director From Mahindra EPC Inigalion Limited. Thank 
you and over to you Mr. Sharma, 
‘Thank you very much Vivian. Goodevening, ladies and gen lemen and a warm welcome Io each 
‘one of you a he sixth investor cal For Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited. On behalf of Mahindra 
EPC, 
I would like to thank each one of for joining this call and 1 would also like to lake this, 
‘opportunity to wish you and your family a very Happy Diwali in advance. So, day 
I will be 
sharing with you the key developments in the Agri environment, micro irrigation industry, the 
specific perFormance ofthe company in Q2 and HI, and the oullook For the year briefly. 
4s some of you may be new, Ill just quickly recap on the situation of water, and how micro 
infgalion i so crucial For solving the wale crisis in our county. As Ive been mentioning 
on 
the previous cll, we are moving From a walersiressed economy lo @ waler scarce economy. 
IF 
no urgent actions are laken, 
it is Forecasted thal in Few decades we'll be Facing severe water 
shorlages. Already Few slales are experiencing waler shortage 
and are trying hard lodrive micro 
infigalion so hal they can overcome 
this problem. Hence, waler conservation will be one ofthe 
most important priority For the Fulure for our country & the planel 
al lange. Now, agriculture 
actually consumes almost 80% of the Freshwaler withdrawals. Hence waler needs to be 
conserved 
in agriculture and thal's where micro irsigalioncomes 
in, hasbeen 
a very imporiant 
priority forthe government. Microirrigation creates a win-win scenario forall stakeholders. The 
Farmers benefit from using lesser waler and increase in the crap production because of precision 
infigalion, optimum use of water al right time giving required nutrition and technologies like 
water soluble Fertilizers and Fertigalion. Micro irgation also helps to bring down the casts due 
to lesser need For labor For de-veding, which is one of the coslly operations, So, clearly, i's @ 
‘win For the Farmer and as | mentioned before, For the government il'sa very important privity 
‘4s resull, over the lst Few decades, the government 
has been announcing various schemes & 
subsidies to promote this technology. 
We are all aware ofthe plans ofthe government, they are working very hard towards the mission 
of doubling Farmers income. The long-term plan is to add almos! 2 Mn hectares under micro 
infigalion every year. The achievement is almost around 4095, 
- 50% bul the intention is there, 
the ceniral government has been allocating funds. This year, almos! € 4000 Crs, was allocated 
For micro irigalion subsidies. The induslry meets he environ ment Fiendly and ESG criterions 
Hence it's a big prioviy For the government and the Farmer community driving the long-term 
allractiveness 
of his industry. So, clearly with these Fundamentals, we are very excited aboul 
the Future 
oF this industry 
Page 2 of 9

Mahindracerec 
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
Having said this, there 
are Few slates like Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh ,Gujaral, Maharashiea & 
Karnalaka, who have laken the lead in micr9irtigalion, Theseslales arecontibuling alms! 70% 
oF theenlireindualry. As you know, this is slate subject, the policies oF the slate actually impact 
the industry, either Favorable 
or unfavorable, 
Moving to Mahindra BPC, most of you are Familiar thal his company is all about working 
towards Farmer prosperity, using precision technology For water management 
and Focusing 
on 
customer salisaction. The reason why EPC has been success over the years is because of ils 
consistent high-quality products, focus 
on customer service, high qualiy installation design and 
ensuring that our Farmers are happy with our products and the advice we provide for using our 
product effectively 
Some of you who were here in the las all would remember thal as paet oF our strategy we have 
decided to Focus on few critical markels and increase our markel share in those markels. High 
Focus is given to cost reduction, more 29 in these difficult Limes, and meving 
our product mix 
towards higher margin drip sales to ensure thal we are able lo get beller margins as we go 
Forward, Inthis industry, one ofthe key success Factor is managing working capilal, because the 
‘working capital is largely controled 
by the slate governments. Their ability to pay decides how 
industry will peeform in thal market. As @resul, we are very mindful about thal and keep good 
checks and balances o ensure thal we are managing his efficien ly, 
Another unique thing aboul Mahindra EPC 
is the advanlage of leveraging ihe Mahindra 
agribusiness ecosystem. We hare businesses in seeds, agrichemicals, seed polalo and grape 
exports, We are also able lo leverage hose Farmers lo promote our products and services. 
Now let me lalk about the performance ofthe industy in this year, the positives, the challenges 
and then 
1 will Lalk aboul our Q2 & HI performance post which we'll apen the Moor For 
questions, and Ill be happy fo answer them, 
Now, P21 was a year wich saw a drop over P20 largely due lo the effect 
oF COVID 
in the Fest 
quarier Followed by limited Funds by the stale governments, Even al the slaet of his year, the 
phenomena almost replicated. Q1 was agein affected, 
the government priviies remained 
Focused towards healtheare and there was also election in celain key slales, as a resull, Q1 
industry was dull. There are estimates thal he drop in he industry would 
be between around 
206 to 25%, Please bear with me thal the industry dala are our estimates based on market 
Feedback a5 here are no official publications available for the dala. Even in Q2 the industry 
egrowih continued 
al around 15% to 209%, There were some improvements in Q2. Slae like 
‘Tamil Nadu which was in election in Q1 started generating some business For the industry 
Hence, there was some improvement in Q2 bul overall, the industry vould be dovn by almost 
20% compared fo HI of lst year, Industry currently is al quite low levels. P19 industry was 
around € 500 Crs. This year in Hl, there was @ 15% lo 209% drop and expected drop for H2 
would 
be another 8% to 10% drop. We are hopeful hat this industry will go back Io itso ginal 
levels in a short lime, 
Page 3 of 9

Mahindracerec 
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
‘Almost one or one & a half years ago, Inad mentioned on the call thal we are seeing an increase 
in the raw material prices andithas been increasing for almost lst six quarters. The raw material 
prices have gone up signiicanlly. 
In Q2 of this year, the raw material prices have gone up by 
almost 30% over the previous year. This has been a big challenge For the industry. There have 
‘been many efforts by the industry seeking increase in the prices by the government because the 
prices are controled by the sale governments and overall guided by Gol. And there has been @ 
positive development in his month, he central government has given a nalifcalion to increase 
the cost norms by around 119% 
which is a big positive For the industry. Now, based on central 
‘government's advice. 
il is expected thal the slate governments will increase the price starting 
From December onwards, Having said thal, the risk of increase in raw malerial price still 
continues with no indication thal raw material prices will drop in the near Fulure, perhaps it might 
increase though marginally, bul one cannol say For sue, given the impact of crude sil, overall 
Freight costs and 
the increased demand for polyethylene globally. So, the raw material prices 
i 
‘one thing we see as 
a riskin the coming lime. 
Now let me give a quick update on our performance. You would have seen the published resuls 
the revenue For Q2 has been almost the same as previous year. We have a marginal loss of €1 
Crs. The material costs have increased lo almos! 60% compared lo 46.6% in the previous year 
Now. 
in his backdrop, there are Few ings | vould like to bring to your notice. Despite 14% 
increase in he material cost, we have been able lo save close lo 2% because oF ourefTcient way 
of working and Finding solutions to reduce coal. Also, we approximately saved 6% in Fixed 
expenses compared lo last year Q2 and HJ. We could achieve this despite he inflationary 
pressures, because of beller ulilisalion of resources, lighter east contra, savings on sales and 
Giseibulion and efficient ulilizalion oF resources. Another hing which 
I mentioned in the last 
call is our focus on growing the non-subsidy business. We have almost grown by 60% in none 
subsidy business in HI which is also helping us to get beller cash collection and reducing our 
dependence on subsidies business 
Going Forward, we also have cerain challenges on our receivable collection, a5 cerlain slates 
have been a bi slow in making the payments. We expect those payments to come in H2, while 
already some payments have come in this month, So, hal is more ofa liming issue, The chronic 
issue1on receivables has been our payments being sluck with one sale, which is awaited For the 
whole industry which should ease the working capital situation. 
So, ladies and gentlemen, this was a rieF overview ofthe industry, Agri environment, lille bit 
fn the Financials, which you must have readin detail, and the expectation tha there will be some 
benefit in Lerms 
oF price increase inthe next Few months, Raw material prices may sll increase 
Though hopefully not so steep, because it already had a big run up. We also expect thal the 
industry should improve given thal slates like Kaenalaka 
and Tamil Nadu will gel more active 
We expect the year loend al approximately 15% de-growth, So, with this, 
L would like to ake @ 
‘pause and then open flor For your questions, and we will ry ourbes to give the possible answer 
For them. So, hank you very much, over lo you Vivian, we can now move fo he question and 
Page 
4 of 9

Mahindracerec 
  
Aditya Shah: 
‘Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
‘Thank you very much, si, Ladies and gentlemen, we will nov begin the question-and-answer 
session, We have the Firsl question From the line of Aditya Shah From Vikram Advisory, Please 
proceed. 
have thee questions From my side as ofnow, one being thal we would like toknow whal isthe 
sustainable margin thal you can guide For some years lo come and if al all you haveone, then 
Thow would you plan to achieve i, because Ise obviously, there are avr material price changes 
that you already mentioned, bul the volatility is loo much For a company to have. Se, how do 
you plan fo susain a particular margin For many years lo come, thal’s my first question. The 
second question is thal whal is your vision forthe company in the coming five years asin where 
do you see the company ohave a turnover or a profi margin oF the profit afler lax to be ike 
‘ind the third question is thal, since you already mentioned a lot of times thal there are so many 
synergies posible with Mahindra Group asthe promoter and the agri businesses ail, Could you 
please quantify the synergies thal you have been able lo gatherin these years and whal are those 
‘Thank you 
‘Thank you, Mr. Shah. Iwill start withthe Fest question in lerms of whal are the sustainable 
margins from a longelerm point of view. The industry's structure is such thal he prices are 
mainlained by the government. So, we are largely influenced by the slate government pricing. 
‘The inpuls are largely dependent on the global PE cost which are quile volatile. IFyou look al 
the last 5-7 years, we have had situations where the material cost has ranged From 45% lo 60% 
‘This is something we have experienced even on a long-term average. Going Forward, we are 
‘asvare ofthis volalilily and whal are we doing to suslain our margin is most important. Fisly 
we have a very light conti on our Fixed costs. As | mentioned before thal year-on-year we are 
lrying to see how we can mainlain our ined costs and reduce wherever possible, and to increase 
operational efficiencies for reducing material consumption. Secondly, as a slralegy. we are 
Focusing on businesses where there is belle pricing power, like the thin wall business. We are 
leying to build that business. To give you some numbers, last year in KI we had almost 
3% Io 
4% business conleibulion From thin wall segment while this year in H1 we had 89% to 9% 
‘business conlsibulin From this segment, So, thal is one shifl where we have belter controls on 
the pricing, and we-can predict hal these margins would be doable. 
Looking 
al the current situation, ve had seen a similar situation in P18 where 
the material cost 
went up because of the global supply demand scenario and it took Four to six quarters Fort io 
kind of come back to the original levels. When 
I look al our operations, given our drive on 
iciencies and cos! management, 
il ishelping us lo create a good base or our fixed & variable 
expenses, Though for me lo Forecast the exact margins will be difficull because of the two 
Factors, which are the global raw material input eas, and the end price, which are not in our 
contro Bul what is in control is our costs & business model in terms of Focusing en products 
and services, which are leis capped by government prices. 
So, on 
a long-term basis, 
| would definitely expect the margins leimprove, Ale, one more hing 
we have seen is thal when the raw material prices go up, with a lag of approximately 6 to 12 
Page 5 of 9

Mahindracerec 
Aditya Shah: 
‘Ashok Sharma: 
  
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
months, prices Fallin place, here's a lag because government Lakes some lime lo adjust to the 
new price, And hence From a long-lerm perspective of Inee lo Five years, we expect thal the 
_gross conlribulion could range From 40% lo SOR. Perhaps we are al the lower end now and as 
Things improve, margins should gel beller and beer. 
‘Coming tothe nest question inthe las 3-4 years, we have been increasing our market share 
yearon year with an approximately 0.5% growh in markel share each year. Our aspiration is lo 
reach double digit markel share in the next 3 4 years and to be amongsl he top three companies 
in the micro irrigation indusry. We are also looking 
al margins, given our way af working and 
Focus on qualily andcosl, we expect tobe in line or slightly beer than the industry. Beyond that 
H's difficult to project the numbers because i1's a Funclion of how the industry grows. As an 
example. iFin next year things 
are conducive, whichisa 
highly probable, like Andhra which has 
nol been very ative 
in last 2.5 years the moment Andhra becomes active we can witness 
a jump 
oF approximately 20% - 25% revenue For the induslry and for us 
‘Coming lo synergies, we have synergies in lerms of leveragingcommon dalabase 
of our Farmers 
‘We run joint campaigns where we are able to each oul io our seed and agrichemicals customers 
We alsohave 
a good base of grape growers around Nasik who are approached by our sales team. 
In terms oFesact contribution, it's nol very big number asi varies From year lo year and 
season 
to season. IIs a single digit cont bution we have on percentage poinls fo our business which we 
are able to leverage. The brand Mahindra also helps us to reach oul lo nev customers and neo 
markels, Overall, there is a Farmer trust that Mahindra is a holistic Agri company, a8 @ result 
even if they are using our micro itigalion products, they know aboul the high-quality seeds and 
agrichemicals products we sellin the markel, So, Hope thal answers your question, Mr. Shah. 
Yes. Can 
I squeeze in one more question, it's juste gerding the coming Five years thal you've 
spoken aboul. My question to thal was, how do we plan to sorlof safeguard ourselves from the 
sort of volatility or dependence on the government, because I completely agree with you on this, 
thal a lol of things is dependent on the slale and the central government, the policies and the 
payment deadlines etc, 
bul as a company or a5 2 shareholder we would like lo know thal are 
there any ways ihe company is inking of diversifying into something else which can have 
sleady proflability, revenues & cash Flows? 
| ally agree with you as a key requirement for an investor. Frslly, as I mentioned thal we are 
Focusing on non-subsidy business which 
is not much government dependent, 
in terms of 
payments and pricing, Prom current 8%, ve would like to move the business canribution in the 
159% - 20% range. This will bea very specific slep inthe next lwo to three years. Additionally 
‘we keep various options open keeping in mind thal there should 
be consistent value creation For 
‘our shareholders, 
So, a5 and when there is something concrete lo inform you, we will updale 
you. 
‘Thank you. The next question 
is From the line of Rajendea Shah, an Individual Investor. Can we 
proceed? 
Page 6 of 9

Mahindracerec 
  
‘Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
‘Thank you. First of al, 
I would like to congratulate you on the performance because, yes the 
company has gone inlo loss, 
that's Fine. Bul considering the challenging situation, and the 
circumstances 
in which 
the company operated, 
the resulls are reasonably 
fine. 
So, 
congralulations For this, Hhad a eww questions 1s this 119% hike in theend product price enough 
to lake care of this raw material cost increase, which we have seen over the last six months. My 
point is thal assuming thal this pice hike comes From let's say November, s9 in the December 
quarier, considering thal the raw material prices areal the same level as they are nov, would 
youbecomforlable with this 11% hike and will he company gel back into profil, iFat all rawr 
material prices slay al this level, ind there's 2 11% hike in theend product price. So, thal was 
iy Firsl question, Second question si, you mentioned about the thin wall business, which is 
boul 9%, approximately 89% lo 9%, And my question was, how much sould this thin wall 
Dbusiness 
be 
inthe 
next two, three years ane we planning to scale il upto let's say, 15% - 259% 
‘and ifthe margins in thal business are much Beller than the existing business. And sir your 
employee cost has gone up by 209% so is il because of additional manpower aris it because of 
pay hike. IFat all employees have been added, whal are he plans, are we expanding in any new 
region? And something on the greenhouse business, did we see any growth over there? So, these 
‘are my Four questions sir. Thank you so much, 
Rajendra, thank you very much For congratulating our eam and our performance. HLindeed was 
4 ough quarter & H when Look al the bottom line, bul given the industry de-growth and raw 
material costs increase, the leam has tried to see how besl we can save coat and maximize our 
business, However, here's @ lol to be done in terms of fulure growth, Now. coming to your 
question on the central government price increase, if you look al the central government's 119% 
increase this 
is lesser than the rasv malerial costs increase. Moreover, this is whal the central 
government has naliied, though itis nal binding on the slate governments subsequently itis 
possible thal the slate government might not pass the Full 11%, So, this is something we also 
need to keep in mind. Assuming they pass on the Full amount, which could be the best-case 
scenario, il will help significantly 
in terms oF the Financial performance. Moreover, we have seen 
that H2 historically is @ much beller season for the micro irrigation business where the volumes 
‘and revenue are much higher. So, withthe passing of this price ineease, industry & Mahindra 
EPC will benefit and improve is Financial performance 
Now coming lo the question of thin Wall business, a5 | already mentioned, around 89% of our 
total revenue is rom thin wall business which we would like lo move in the range of 129% to 
159% in the next three years because hal isa business where wee can do the pricing based on our 
qualily and brand. Moreover, we are able to calle 
the money on cash basis or on very limited 
cred, depending 
on our policy. The good thing aboul our experience in last one and half year 
is thal the customers have appreciated the qualily of our product and we are able Io enjoy some 
price premium compared to other players in the markel. However, the margins in thin wall 
segment are 20% 25%, slighlly lower than our sther products, However, 
i benefits in the cash 
Flow and a additional business. Moreover, a8 we ae belle raw material costs, we'll be able fo 
{gel beller margins, So, it's reasonably proflable for us to promote thin wall 
Page 7 of 9

Mahindracerec 
  
‘Gokul Tarapurat 
‘Ashok Sharma: 
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
Moving tothe employee casi, there has been no major addition of people. Last year wedid nat 
give salary increase because of COVID, however, this year there has been some increments 
‘Additionally, ve had some cost related lo COVID expenses in oder to lake care af the COVID 
management 
for ouremployees, Also, the percenlage seems higher because the revenue 
is lower 
in this HO 
Coming o the nex! question, in greenhouse we have developed some very interesting products 
which can be offered ala low cost to Farmers which has been encouraging, Inthe early days so 
Far, we are looking al approximately 2% - 3% contribution, hovener, we are hopeful hal with a 
3-5 years perspective, given the climate change and farmer's ably to absorb this technology 
‘we will see some more growth 
i 
his segment. Having said thal, the growth 
in hin wall segment 
is going to be much more because that's where there isan eslablished markel. So, 
| hoge that 
answers your queslion Rajendra and thank you very much For your support. 
‘Thank you, We have the nex! question From the line of Gokul Tarapura an Individual Investor. 
Kindly proceed, 
‘Good aflernoon sie. Thanks forthe opportunity. Hhave two questions. One is with respect to the 
product poralio. Ones there already exist @ plan to expand in different lypes of irrigation 
systems namely to Foggers, mislers and aulomalic water controlling systems, as I couldn't se 
them in your website, And secondly, 
in order lo overcome the dependence on government 
subsidies, are you planning to Foray into household Farming space or growing more on the 
commercial landscape irigalion space where the margin could 
be probably much higher? 
‘Thank you very much For joining us Gokul. Peshaps it's the firs ime you're asking a question 
to me. So, thanks For laking interest in this company. Gokul, our portfolio 
is prey complete 
and we have 
a very good range of differen lypes of drip & sprinklerequipments 
across different 
segments like discharge per minule, drips spacing ete. which are very well appreciated by the 
Farmers, We are alsoone of the early manufacturers who introduced automation in their products 
where Farmers can sel up the time For inigation by using his mobile phone and automate the 
infigalion degending on the water availability in his Farm. However, there's always scope For 
improvement. We already are in greenhouse business with access lo good products For Foggers 
and other such equipment to help the Farmers. Hence, on the poral, we are reasonably well 
covered. We also have good partnership for bough! oul items so thal we are able lo give good 
quality al airacive 
price. 
‘Coming on to the nex! question on diversifying inlo non-government subsidy business. 
In the 
First phase, we are looking al thin wall segment which 
I have talked al length, We are also 
evaluating some ideas bul we have not concluded 
al this point. So, iL will nat be right or me to 
ive a very Firm answer on thal, bul definitely we're evaluating, and we would like to leverage 
‘our current slrengths, However, al he same time, we are also mindful tha we should 
nal ge inte 
unrelated areas and de-Focus From our core slralegy oF serving the Farmer. We will ake & 
Page 8 of 9

Mahindracerec 
‘Gokul Tarapurat 
‘Ashok Sharma: 
‘Gokul Tarapurat 
Ashok Sharma: 
Moderats   
‘Ashok Sharma: 
  
Mahindra EPC inigation Limitect 
October 29, 2024 
balanced view depending on overall analysis oF the situation. hope thal ansivers your question, 
Gokul 
Yes, just wanted to Fallow up because I see Mal there's more growth on the household Farming 
space. And usually, as he feming syslem develops, you see a ll of real selling on the drip 
infigalion systems, So, jusl waned to know if you were marketing to he rela segments more 
than Farmers because the margin could 
be higher sith Fewer products so just wanted to know 
more on thal side? 
We have gol some dail yourselF kits, However, we are alll al he POC slage and looking al the 
segment carefully. The good thing with digital and online 
is thal i's nol so complicated to reach 
‘oul lo the consumers compared (o the old days where you needed 
very physical distribution 
selup. Our team is working these ideas, bul yes, we arein the evolution phase For sure 
‘Thank you so much 
‘Thank you Gokul. And have a nice Diwali and 
be sae, thank you very much Far cining 
the call 
‘Thank you, Ladies and genllemen, that was the lal question. 
I now hand the laot over to Mfr 
‘Ashok Sharma for closing comments 
So, i's really wonderful for you guys to come over and have this conversation 
I really wanl to 
thank each one of you. Ive Iried lo answer all he questions to the best 
oF my ability. We look 
Forward to connecting with you again in April. Unlil hen, please lake care of yourself. Once 
‘again, best wishes For the Festive season ahead, may all of you be safe and happy. Thank you 
vety much and Vivian thank you very much For coordinaling the session so well 
‘Thank you, 
sit, Ladies and genllemen on behalF of Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited that 
concludes this conference, Thank you For joining us, you may now disconnect 
your lines hank 
you. 
Page 9 of 9
