November 15, 2021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Subject: Financial Results Conference Call Transcript for Q2 FY22 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Financial Results Conference Call Transcript of 
the Company for Q2 FY22. 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
Lal Path Labs Limited 
h L 
«-c'I. 
cll)
,s, 

-1 I 
.;. \ 
Raja 
air 
( · 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
Encl: As above 
Classification: Internal 
Regd. Office: Dr. Lal PathlabsLtd .• Bloek E. Sector-I8, Roh1nI. New Delhi - I 10085, 
+91-11-30258600. Fax: +91-11-2788-2134 
Corporate Office: Dr Lal Pathlabs Ud. 12th Floor. Tower B. SAS Tower Med1c1ty. seaor-38. Gurugram. 122 001 Haryana 
+9l-l 24-30I6_500• Fax: +91 _ 124-4234-468 
E-mail: Jalpathlabs@Jalpathlabs corn. Web: www.lalpathlabs.com. CIN No.: L74899Dll995P!.C065388 

 
Classification: Restricted 
 Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 27, 2021 
 
 
Call Duration 
 
1 hour and 16 minutes 
Management Speakers 
 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal - Executive Chairman 
 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Managing Director 
 
Mr. Bharath U - Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel - Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Rajat Kalra - Company Secretary and Head of Investor Relations 
 
Dr. Sanjay Arora – Founder, Suburban Diagnostics 
Participants who asked 
questions 
 
Alok Dalal – CLSA 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal – Credit Suisse 
 
Manish Poddar – Nippon India AIF 
 
Nikhil Chowdhary – Kriis Portfolio 
 
Nitin Agarwal – DAM Capital 
 
Pooja Bhatia – Morgan Stanley 
 
Prakash Kapadia - Anived Portfolio Managers 
 
Prashant Nair – Ambit Capital 
 
Pravin Sahay - Edelweiss Financial Services 
 
Rahul Agarwal - InCred AMC 
 
Shaleen Kumar - UBS Securities 
 
Shubham Rajdharna – West Bridge Capital 
 
Shyam Srinivasan – Goldman Sachs 
 
Sriraam Rathi - ICICI Securities  
 
Tarang Agrawal – Old Bridge Capital Management 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q2 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q2 & H1 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team including (Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Executive Chairman; 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda – Managing Director; Mr. Bharath U -- CEO; and 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel -- CFO along with Mr. Rajat Kalra – Company Secretary 
and Head of Investor Relations. Also, joining us today is Dr. Sanjay Arora – 
Founder, Suburban Diagnostics. 
 
Let me leave our standard disclaimer over here. Some of the statements made 
on today's call could be forward-looking in nature and the actual results could 
vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed statement in this regard 
is available in the ‘Results Presentation’ which has been circulated to you and is 
also available on the stock exchange website. 
 
I would now like to invite Dr. Lal to share his perspectives with you. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Dr. Lal 
PathLabs’ Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. I will share with you the key 
performance trends and industry dynamics. 
 
But before that, I would like to say that I am delighted to announce a 100% equity 
deal with Suburban Diagnostics of Mumbai. This is a significant step in Dr. Lal 
PathLabs’ expansion footprint in western India. I am confident that our combined 
strengths in similar DNA of both companies that is led by doctor promoters will 
achieve new heights in serving our customers across the western region. And 
after I finish my statement, I will also request Dr. Sanjay Arora to say a few words 
 
So, I will continue now. Dr. Lal PathLabs has witnessed healthy growth during 
the quarter especially in the non-COVID segment which has reverted to pre-
pandemic levels. With lower COVID-19 case loads across the country, COVID-
related test like RT-PCR and allied tests have seen markedly lower contribution 
to our testing mix. Our overall focus was on maintaining productivity and cost 
effectiveness in order to safeguard operating momentum. Healthcare in India 
remains underserved and the encounter with the pandemic has brought within 
all of us awareness towards better management of health. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Diagnostics, because it directly effects the outcome of treatment, is highly 
sensitive to quality and accuracy of reporting. Further, the pervasiveness of 
technology across business since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic last year 
has also driven improvement in process efficiencies and patients’ interactions in 
our industry. Clearly, larger organized brands like ours have an active role to 
play with its pioneering presence in the Indian diagnostics space. 
 
Dr. Lal's is well placed to benefit from the increasing shift to organized players. 
Our brand invokes trust and responsiveness. We have been providing access to 
accurate diagnostics solutions at affordable rates and in an easily accessible 
manner for several years and have scaled up a very viable model. We are well 
equipped to drive expansion of our network of laboratories and collection centers 
and PSCs that is Patient Service Centers across the country, further augmenting 
the branded hub and spoke model. 
 
In the coming years, we will see accent on patient convenience, higher 
prevalence of digitization approach and integration with other healthcare 
services. We remain watchful and capable to leverage our experience towards 
such course. 
 
In the interim, home collection has emerged as the preferred way for many 
patients to access the brand and we have been able to seamlessly offer this 
service through increased use of technology. 
 
Through the ups and downs of the last one and half years, our teams have 
continued meeting patients’ requirements, proving our resilience and 
commitment to the nation. As a company, our focus will be to ensure health and 
safety of our employees as well as drive vaccination for safer ecosystem of both 
patients and employees. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over the floor to Dr. Sanjay Arora to share a few 
words with us. Thank you. 
Dr. Sanjay Arora: 
Thank you, Dr. Lal for inviting me to be a part of this session this morning. Good 
morning, everybody. My name is Dr. Sanjay Arora. I am a M.D. Pathologist, 
trained at Mumbai. My wife and I co-founded Suburban Diagnostics 27-years 
ago. Across those times, I have known Dr. Lal for almost 25 years and over these 
years he and I have built a very strong relationship. I have also known Dr. Om 
Manchanda and admired the way in which he has pioneered Dr. Lal PathLabs to 
being India's premier diagnostic player. 
 
One of my missions has been to unburden healthcare and to add value to 
medical outcome. By coming together with Dr. Lal PathLabs, I will get the right 
platform to make this impact now at a national level. 
 
Core of any healthcare organization is to add medical value while continuing to 
drive good governance and positive commercial success. 
 
As a medical professional for myself, I will now be able to concentrate on adding 
value to medical outcome. This association with Dr. Lal PathLabs allows us to 
play to our strength while continuing to add value to society. I am looking forward 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 4 of 21 
to this new journey with Dr. Lal PathLabs. Thank you for allowing me to be a part 
of this great organization. I now hand over the call to Dr. Om Manchanda. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Thank you, Dr. Sanjay Arora. Once again very warm welcome to you and 
Suburban team. We are all looking forward to working with Suburban team in 
West region in Mumbai. 
 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you as always for taking the time and joining us 
early morning on this call. Before I comment on the business performance, I want 
to briefly talk about the Suburban transaction. Almost on every earnings call as 
well as investor meeting, I have been highlighting that Dr. Lal PathLabs needs 
to fill two strategic gaps: 
 
Number one is inorganic growth in south and west region to widen its 
geographical footprint; second is invest behind technology, thereby enabling to 
meet ever growing consumer expectations on service. 
 
Our answer to the first strategic gap has been two-fold; number one, we formed 
a company, PathLabs Unifiers as a subsidiary to build clusters within south and 
west regions by way of smaller acquisitions. Second was look for acquisitions 
with meaningful size and scale especially in large metros of south and west. 
 
Suburban Diagnostics, a PE-funded company since 2012 with one of big fours 
as its auditor, professionally runs with a strong consumer franchise and with its 
size and scale really fit the bill. Large, concentrated network of labs and 
collection centers in City of Mumbai offers our team a great platform to drive 
growth, not only in Mumbai but in the entire State of Maharashtra and the west 
region. 
 
We plan to follow twin brand strategy in the region where both Dr. Lal PathLabs 
and Suburban brand will continue to fight to gain overall market share. 
 
Post this transaction, revenue contribution from west region for Dr. Lal PathLabs 
will go up to 24% from the current 10% as of today.  
 
Now, let me briefly talk about the “Q2 Results”. We experienced a sharp decline 
in COVID and COVID allied test when COVID wave receded starting in the June 
month itself. The decline in revenue is contributed by lower realization per test. 
Our continuous focus on non-COVID business has helped us offset large part of 
this decline. We have also been able to manage our margins well within the 
expected range. 
 
The broader scope of organized diagnostics chains remains very attractive, and 
we have plans to expand our strength in rest of North and East geographies by 
developing and integrating hub labs into our network. Coverage will further get 
enhanced in clusters around cities like Meerut, Kanpur, Varanasi, Lucknow and 
Patna among others. These labs are now designed to offer wider test menu and 
will increase the level of penetration in Tier-2 and Tier-3 towns in these markets. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 5 of 21 
 
The pandemic has highlighted a few trends: firstly, that the patients in larger 
metros and towns are seeking enhanced convenience through home testing and 
this is where we are working with our franchise partners to streamline processes 
and alleviate efficiencies. 
 
Secondly, with the pervasiveness of pandemic, we have seen higher sensitivity 
towards being aware of and monitoring health conditions. National brands like 
ours are uniquely placed to drive customized, bundled offerings here. 
 
We are continuing with investments in technology both at the interface level 
where patients have received our revamped app quite well and also to the 
infrastructure at the back end, that is making home collections more seamless 
from resource management and logistics perspective. 
 
The Company continues to partner with eCommerce entities engaged in 
healthcare, and patients are continuing to favor trusted healthcare brands like 
ours to avail the testing requirements. 
 
This concludes my opening thoughts. And now I would like to hand over to our 
CEO, Bharath, to carry forward this conversation and share his perspectives with 
you. 
Bharath U: 
Thank you, Dr. Om. A warm welcome to everyone and hope all of you are 
keeping well. The second quarter has been characterized by marked drop in 
COVID case loads and related testing which augurs well for the country. Given 
our consistent emphasis on restoration of momentum in our non-COVID 
portfolio, we have witnessed encouraging trends and expect this trajectory to 
continue in the ensuing period. 
 
In the current quarter, we achieved revenues of Rs. 498 crore, registering a 
healthy overall growth of 15% over Q2 last year. The revenue growth was on the 
back of 28% growth in patient volumes which were at 6.9 million for the current 
quarter. 
 
Contribution of COVID portfolio in the overall revenue declined to 10% in Q2 
FY22 as against 36% in Q1 FY22. Our non-COVID revenues for the quarter 
registered an uptick of 16% on sequential basis. Given our stated strategy of 
pursuing non-COVID business, the operations continue to register healthy gains 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
During the quarter, we conducted 4.7 lakh RT-PCR tests as compared to 11.4 
lakh RT-PCR tests in Q1 FY22 and 3.08 lakh in Q2 of last year. The revenue per 
patient came in at Rs. 721 from Rs. 803 in the previous quarter of last year. The 
test mix continues to change in favor of non-COVID test. Our bundled test 
offering, ‘Swasthfit’ contributed 18% to non-COVID revenues while home 
collection segment represented 11% of total sales. 
 
Our network expansion plan for south and west is well on track. We are receiving 
encouraging volume trends from south with our Bangalore reference lab 
stabilizing and commissioning of three new satellite labs in south, namely 
Puducherry, Kakinada and Belgaum. The work on the reference lab in Mumbai 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 6 of 21 
is also underway and the same is expected to be completed towards the end of 
the financial year. 
 
‘Genevolve’, our genomic testing division has achieved good success within a 
short span of two years of its launch. We now have cutting edge technology 
platforms to perform genetic testing for oncology and neurology segments. We 
are further strengthening our bioinformatics capability for reporting complex 
cases. 
 
We have also tied up with leading international companies in genomics to offer 
multi-gene panels for their patients and doctors in India. Overall, we are seeing 
a very good traction in the business and expect the same to continue going 
forward. 
 
With that, I would like to invite Ved, our CFO to take you all through the financial 
performance of the quarter under review. Over to you, Ved. 
Ved Goel: 
Thank you, Bharath. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining this early 
morning call today.  
 
Firstly, I will share some important financial highlights of Q2 FY22. Revenue for 
Q2 FY22 is Rs. 498 crore as compared to Rs. 432 crore in the last year same 
quarter, a growth of 15.4%. Revenue from COVID portfolio in Q2 FY22 is at Rs. 
51 crore which contributes to 10% of our total revenue against 22% in Q2 FY21. 
If you remember this number was Rs. 221 crore in previous quarter that is Q1 
FY22. Revenue realization per patient for Q2 FY22 is at Rs. 721 as against Rs. 
803 for Q2 FY21. The lower realization is due to sharp reduction in COVID and 
allied test prices.  
 
Normalized EBITDA after eliminating the impact of stock-based compensation 
and CSR expense in Q2 FY22 is Rs. 152 crore as against Rs. 135 crore, reported 
in Q2 FY21. PBT for Q2 FY22 is at Rs. 131 crore as against Rs. 117 crore in Q2 
FY21. PBT margin for Q2 FY22 is at 26%. PAT for Q2 FY22 is at Rs. 96 crore 
as against Rs. 87 crore in Q2 FY21. PAT margin for this quarter is at 19%.  
 
Basic EPS for Q2 FY22 is at Rs. 11.49 per share versus Rs. 10.34 in the same 
quarter of last year. We have cash and cash equivalent at the end of September 
30th to the tune of Rs. 1,137 crore. 
 
Now, I am delighted to share the key highlights of the transaction with Suburban 
Diagnostics. Suburban Diagnostics started operations in 1994 and has 27+ 
years of experience in the field of diagnostics. Suburban has 44 labs and 
diagnostic centers, 150+ collection centers and 1,000+ employees. Central 
reference lab is accredited by CAP and five other labs by NABL. It has a CAGR 
of 30% revenue for last three years. FY21 revenue is at Rs. 294 crore with 
EBITDA of Rs. 58 crore. 
 
We have signed the definitive agreement to acquire 100% equity stake of 
Suburban Diagnostics India Private Limited in an all-cash deal for a floor 
enterprise value of Rs. 925 crore, plus certain performance-linked payment 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 7 of 21 
capped at Rs. 225 crore to be paid based on audited financials for FY22. The 
deal shall be funded through the existing cash reserve of the company. 
 
Dr. Sanjay Arora, the Founder of Suburban Diagnostics, shall continue to be on 
the board of the Suburban Diagnostics and also join Dr. Lal PathLabs as Group 
Medical Director. 
 
That brings me to the conclusion of my opening remarks. And I would now 
request the moderator to open the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Let me quickly ask the two questions I have. First one is on Suburban as an 
asset. In the past, this has been on the board for quite a long time. Just want to 
understand the timing and what has precipitated this deal at this point of time? 
Also, if you could share some of the key metrics around revenue per patient, 
what is the B2C contribution for this entity, how does it look on the testing mix in 
terms of specialized routines, if you can add some color there that will be very 
helpful? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I will take the first question. Maybe I will hand over the second question to Ved. 
I must say that we have been actually in conversation with Suburban for nearly 
15-16 years now. Actually, it's not been in the last one year or two years. I will 
probably take it from a Dr. Lal's perspective. If I go back in 2005, we had 85% of 
our contribution coming from northern region and of that 70% was from Delhi 
NCR. If you trace the entire journey of us, we have really grown the business 
organically in entire north and then we moved to east. And clearly, our 
experience has been that it's extremely challenging and difficult to grow 
businesses and in completely new markets. That time west region was 
contributing around 7%-odd and in fact we had done smaller acquisition in 2001. 
But we notice that west region despite all the efforts continued to remain at the 
same per cent contribution level, but other regions started contributing much 
more. So it was very clear to us those regions like south and west, we need to 
partner with a very strong brand. And then we of course have been scanning the 
entire country and looking for assets. And I am very happy to say that I would 
have met hundreds of labs and I think this is one asset which Dr. Sanjay Arora 
has built which is completely in line with the kind of culture, quality and the B2C 
contribution that we have in our company. We feel this is the greatest fit we can 
have today in the market, and it solves our main issue of how do we really 
increase the contribution in west region. So, it's not really been this year or last 
year, but we have been in conversation with Dr. Sanjay Arora for many, many 
years. And I am very happy that both these brands are now coming together, 
and I am sure synergies will be immense and benefit Dr. Lal PathLabs. 
Ved Goel: 
So, on this Shyam, revenue per patient is Rs. 1,474 for this asset and revenue 
per test is Rs. 605. As far as the B2C contribution, about 60% of the business 
which is coming from direct customers. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 8 of 21 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Ved, just to clarify and a follow up on this, the realization numbers look high, 
right, there is an element of COVID, even in the 1H number, it seems to be close 
to 50% COVID, so if you kind of strip out and look at like-for-like and I am sure 
you are doing this deal for fiscal '23, '24. So just want to understand how the 
non-COVID realizations are. And also I think another reason is probably there 
were concerns about the lower profitability for this business. So do you think 
there are enough cost levers that you can see from your earning scale that can 
help push up margins closer to where you are? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I was anticipating this will come up. The way we look at this business is very 
simple. We are actually not looking at COVID versus non-COVID. We all are 
aware that COVID is actually a business which is not very sticky, it is a function 
of what happens which is beyond anyone's control. We have looked at 
completely from the point of view is that if this business can go to this scale, the 
margin improvement is very-very high. In fact, we have seen our own trajectory. 
In many years back, our own margins were hovering around 14%, 15%, 16%. 
Today, that margin with scale actually has gone up to nearly 28%, 29%. And this 
business has clearly demonstrated that if you build scale and which they have 
done in the last two years, obviously, it has come on back of COVID, clearly their 
trajectory of margin has improved. So I clearly see that happening. And we still 
see a lot of scope of margin improvement as we go forward. But clearly as I 
mentioned to you, we are now going to be operating in a very large market, 
margin probably is to me a step-2. Step-1 is to really increase our market share 
in these markets and I think once we have that in place, I think margins will follow 
that I am fairly confident. 
Ved Goel: 
Just to add, Shyam, on this realization fees, in fact, if we remove this COVID 
fees, in spite of that, realization is high generally because test per patient is also 
high for this asset. Probably you can compare better, because this is overall 
realization, but if you compare this realization with our Delhi NCR realization, it’s 
in line. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
By the way this brand is slightly better positioned on corporate wellness. So that 
also helps the realization to be higher. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Are we sharing any of those metrics what is wellness contribution, what is 
realization per patient excluding COVID, maybe at a later time which is fine, but 
it will be helpful to get all those numbers? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Absolutely, I think we will wait till the closing happens, then we will try and share 
with you. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just a philosophical question. We have seen three deals announced; Thyrocare, 
Metropolis Hitech, yours and Suburban. Do you think the gloves are now off, Dr. 
Om, Dr. Lal, just to understand what’s happening from a competitive standpoint, 
everybody seems to be moving into each other's territory, just your philosophical 
thoughts on the entire M&A and consolidation thing? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Historically, all the pathology services all over the world have consolidated or 
trying to consolidate in a time-based manner. American example, the Australian 
example, the European example is all there in front of you. And it is also possible 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 9 of 21 
to imagine that India will also get its act together. I don't have to tell you, Shyam 
that 3 lakh independent pathology laboratories are functional in India, and this 
number has been given by Indian Express, that there are only 6,000 pathologists 
in India. So, what we are talking about is it's high time it happened and good 
people have to join good people, only then will the patient or the client be able to 
get better services. Pathology services, just to reiterate are responsible for 70% 
of our clinical decisions. So this is a step which is highly warranted for a long 
time and I am glad it is happening now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sriraam Rathi from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
Firstly, of course, this is just a strategic acquisition that we have done and gaining 
significant presence in the western market. What will be our market share in 
Maharashtra or Mumbai particularly now after this Suburban acquisition? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
See, actually, we don't have any published data on size of market. I think we will 
have to do a bit of work on that and come back. Right now, it will be intelligent 
guess that I will make if I tell you some number. But the way we look at right now 
is that our own contribution from west region from 10% going up to 24% is very 
significant and maybe once we have handle on the market size and share, then 
I will try and share with you in the next call. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
When do we expect this deal to be EPS-accretive for us? It looks like that if we 
exclude the COVID revenue, then our EBITDA will be probably lesser than what 
we are making on the interest income currently on the cash, or am I missing 
something out here? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
As I mentioned that for us the first priority will be to really gain market share in 
western region and we are going to follow the twin brand strategy of fighting it 
out both through Dr. Lal PathLabs and Suburban. And once we put together 
business plan and then probably we will be able to share with you as to how the 
whole EBITDA trajectory would look like. But initially we really want to invest 
behind growth in these markets given the kind of long runway that we have in 
these places. 
Sriraam Rathi: 
In this quarter on non-COVID business we have grown around 10-11% which is 
two-year CAGR, if I compare from FY20 number which is more relevant. So, 
when do we expect that we should be back to mid-teens kind of growth trajectory 
after acquisition of Suburban also, on like-to-like basis, can we grow around 
14%-15% in the medium-term? 
Bharath U: 
Like we mentioned in the opening comments, we are seeing a continued upward 
trend in the non-COVID trajectory which is where the real focus lies. So, in fact, 
if you look at the two-year CAGR numbers, they have been constantly inching 
up over a period of time. And that is the reason I mentioned that we have now 
grown 16% sequential basis. And we needed to see this momentum come up, 
maybe in a couple of quarters, we should see a non-COVID revenues coming 
back to our usual growth rates. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 10 of 21 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Two questions: Firstly, to start with, as Dr. Om mentioned, there are synergies 
in terms of revenue, cost post this deal and obviously there is an aspiration of 
the family to essentially grow in size and scale because that's what is 
demonstrated on profitability and real impact on the medical science here. But I 
fail to appreciate and understand that even at a 50% EBITDA margin for this 
current business, it's tough to justify a return on investment of what Dr. Lal 
PathLabs currently earns on its organic business. My understanding is whenever 
you started with Kolkata Lab as well as since listing, the company has been 
maintaining very high standards of capital allocation. But this deal essentially 
purely from a mathematical perspective looks like detrimental to stakeholders. 
So could you explain as in whatever I am missing here in terms of top three, four 
parameters where you will judge yourself in terms of this deal being successful 
in three to five years out? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I think I will go back to the point that I made in the beginning. We are looking at 
this from a very long-term perspective. As Dr. Lal mentioned, it's no brainer if you 
study the trajectory of all the global labs, one really gets answer from them. In 
fact, I had studied many of these global labs myself and there are two or three 
moments in their lives which actually have changed the complexion of those 
companies. And clearly, I think that's the way I look at it, the last 16-years I have 
been here, west market is very-very difficult to crack organically, and I think I am 
really happy to say that we actually stumbled upon an asset which is sort of in 
sync with the way we operate. Yes, I do agree with you maybe in couple of 
quarters, next one or two years you will see things differently from numbers 
perspective. But if I actually stretch this argument to 10-years from now, I am 
very sure this will turn out well thought out decision. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Secondly, could you please detail something on this floor and cap price of the 
deal essentially, what will drive this decision of the additional Rs. 225 crore you 
have been talking about? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
It was a very competitive process of reaching the stage and other side was 
pushing for the higher number. As all of us have realized that there is a COVID 
component which one is not very sure how it will pan out because that's 
contributing to the bottom line, then we thought best way is to have that number 
on table and then we give that figure. I think that's how this whole earn-out 
structure was worked out and 18.5x is what we have agreed upon and then 
whatever upside is there, they will probably get only after audited financials of 
FY22. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
This is 18.5x forecasted fiscal '22 EBITDA, is that correct? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Yes. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And that is consol including COVID. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
But with a floor of Rs. 925 crore. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 11 of 21 
Ved Goel: 
Which is essentially assumption of EBITDA of minimum Rs.50 crore. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, including COVID. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
On Dr. Lal PathLabs, the number you mentioned for non-COVID for the quarter 
Q2 fiscal '22 is Rs. 448 crore in terms of revenue. Could you give me a like-to-
like patient volume number? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Non-COVID 29.6% growth of volumes YoY. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Excluding COVID allied 1 and 2? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Everything related to COVID, yes. There may be a bit of a double counting to the 
extent if there is some normal patient who does COVID test also is included in 
this, you must know that, but that will be a small number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pooja Bhatia from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Just want to understand what is the growth expected in this business? Looks like 
Suburban has grown much higher than the industry and Lal; 30% CAGR last 
three years. So, what's driven this, is it all organic or there is any inorganic piece 
in? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
So for Suburban, we clearly look at next three years plan to drive organic growth. 
We do believe that brand can be clearly leveraged not only in the city of Mumbai 
but entire Maharashtra and west region. So we would really drive growth through 
organic path for Suburban. Now, as far as inorganic is concerned, as Dr. Lal 
mentioned that it's going to be a way of life. We will continue to look for assets 
which meet our requirement, and we will continue to have the appetite to growth 
in south and west regions through inorganic routes. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
The cash on book right now is about Rs. 1,140 crore and the deal value if we 
consider the performance linked payment, is also about the same value. That 
does not leave anything on hand. So does it mean that acquisitions would be on 
hold for the next say two, three years? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
The total payout for this will actually happen sometime next year because once 
the audited financials are in place. So right now it will be Rs. 925 crore. So we 
will have sufficient sort of cash and obviously we are also throwing up more every 
quarter. So I don't think it should be a big balance. 
Ved Goel: 
We are a debt-free company. So it's not that we can't take any debt, in future if 
required, we are open. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
If we exclude the COVID contribution, the revenue per test and patient will 
definitely be higher than what Lal is right now. So if we can break out the routine 
and specialized, just a very rough number? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
If it's okay, then can we share in the next call once the deal is closed. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 12 of 21 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Sure, sure. In terms of branding, would you be changing this with immediate 
effect for Suburban? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
No, as I mentioned that we are going to follow the twin brand strategy and both 
brands will continue the way they are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Nippon India AIF. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Just two part questions. One is would you have other acquisitions which were on 
the table and why did you let them go, just any thoughts on that? And the second 
part is was there an equity option which you could have taken in consideration 
for this deal? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I am not sure which asset you are referring to but if you scan the entire country, 
there are to my mind four or five private equity funded assets and then there are 
a few large sort of a family run, but there is no private equity in that and then 
there are smaller ones. I think in my scheme of things, any PE-funded venture 
always is a better asset because it has gone through a sort of governance lens 
of at least one of the big four audit firms and also a strategic input that may have 
come from the PE player and there are four or five of them. So to me, actually 
Suburban fits the bill and it's right on top. All other assets actually also do not 
have very high B2C components and we believe it’s a strong brand franchise. 
But we think this is the best asset available in the market today. 
Manish Poddar: 
How about the equity option to probably go about the deal, just trying to 
understand sort of the owner of Suburban gets a board seat, right and this is for 
the next three or five years, if I get it right? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Board seat not with LPL, it is Suburban because we have planned to run this 
company as a separate subsidiary. 
Manish Poddar: 
Could you work around with the equity option for the remaining part, Rs. 225-
odd crore, just trying to get your thoughts around that? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, so I think those options are always available and then it's a matter of 
negotiations and that's a way it worked out because there were a couple of 
partners in the asset and some preferred cash still. So, I think we have evaluated 
all possible options; equity deal was always an option, but I think that’s the way 
it worked out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Two things: One is that in the current quarter from a core Dr. Lal PathLabs 
business perspective, how much do you think has the business gained by this, 
we have had a pretty virulent outbreak of infections this year in the country, is 
there some tailwinds which has come through on account of that in your 
assessment or this is the regular Q2 that we have seen through the years, for 
non-COVID? 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 13 of 21 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I think it's a very good question to ask. We are also probably searching for some 
of the trends. I think clearly, one trend that I see is that there is a pent up demand 
that is flowing in the market and when I talk to my colleagues on the hospital 
side, all beds are full and a lot of surgeries are happening which couldn't happen 
in the previous year. So, I presume there is some linkage to pent up demand 
which is flowing in. So, I think we will get to know a little bit more about this, but 
we are now seeing a bit of evening out of all these fluctuations that have 
happened. Maybe Bharath, can add to this. My sense is now it's all over, 
right….this pent up demand. 
Bharath U: 
Yes, so hospitals like you said, Om, the business from there has really picked up 
and for next I think couple of quarters we will see this trend continuing. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
It's very difficult to quantify but I think qualitatively I can clearly see that our 
outsourced business from hospital contribution is higher than usual which 
probably I can link it to a pent up demand which is coming especially on the 
surgery. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
My question essentially was that typically because this is an infection viral 
seasonality and normally see it's a big quarter and we see a little bit of a slack 
off in revenue which comes through in the second half of the year. Will this very 
strong quarter magnify this trend in the second half this time? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
To my mind, qualitative answer to this question is that it's not that high which one 
has seen in the past. 
Bharath U: 
Base has also become big to absorb all this. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, so, it's not very-very high. Normally that happens in September-October, 
this time it's not been to the extent. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly, just linked to the last question the last participant asked, we have seen 
a couple of transactions which has happened in the sector, in one of the other 
transactions there was an equity cum cash option which either got changed to 
cash only option, is there some level deflection from the person getting 
acquired’s discomfort with the stock buoyancy at these levels, I am just referring 
to the consideration entirely being in cash at a philosophical level?  
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
You guys are expert in this space than I am, but when you talk about equity 
related sort of a transaction, people tend to focus on your traded multiple. And 
that’s where the focus shifts. You also may be right that some of these people 
also prefer cash. So I think it's a combination of both and plus our own ability to 
pay cash because we had in our balance sheet and I am sure next deal that we 
discuss, we will look at slightly differently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions from my end. If I look at the non-COVID revenues for Dr. 
Lal PathLabs, we have seen a decent growth in the current quarter. So wanted 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 14 of 21 
to get your sense, now consumer behavior changing and acceptance of 
diagnostic test is much faster in terms of adoption than ever before; preventive, 
co-morbidity and whatever we have seen in the last 18-months. Is that what you 
are sensing? 
Bharath U: 
You are very right, Prakash. Like we have always said, post-COVID the 
awareness of healthcare will go up in this country. And a small reflection of that 
…I am not saying the entire, but a small reflection of that is in our Swasthfit 
bundle test portfolio contribution which serves both the preventive as well as 
diagnostic needs of patients, has gone to a very good number of 16% to our 
overall revenues. So that is a very encouraging trend. On top of that, what has 
driven non-COVID revenues is like I have mentioned in the opening comments 
around our high intense initiatives especially genomics and other key tests like 
this, which is really what is driving the growth in our business. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Also, having the experience of COVID run labs, we have 2,000 labs in India, 
have come out of nowhere who are now very high into molecular diagnostic 
testing. So this means that all the other diseases like hepatitis C, hepatitis B, 
chikungunya, dengue and Japanese encephalitis, etc., they will also get a fillip 
as far as diagnostic testing is concerned. So it is technically all non-COVID but 
it has come on the back of COVID. That’s the point I wanted to make. The second 
thing is that India is still losing about 65% of its people because of non-
communicable diseases…I don't have to mention which ones those are, but we 
will get back on track in terms of treating them and that has got a very huge kind 
of impact on our GDP; 2% of our GDP can come up if we can control those 
NCDs. So, I think the time is now right for us to go back on our original thing. Of 
course, nobody can predict how long COVID is going to stay, but our sense is 
that it's going down now. Thank you. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Bharath, is it right to think on these lines where with your technology initiatives 
and awareness because of all of these factors, it would be possible we could see 
increased contribution from Swasthfit and our bundle packages? 
Bharath U: 
See, it's not something which we drive very actively that Swasthfit should be sold 
more and more. That is what people tend to gravitate to, in the sense that it offers 
good value, offers convenience, etc., So, as preventive or diagnostic needs in 
the country increase, we definitely see a larger role for Swasthfit in our portfolio. 
Technologies have enabled in this whole equation. So, yes, we see a positive 
momentum going for Swasthfit in the days ahead as well. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Secondly, on Suburban, as I look at the history of the company, they have scaled 
from around 7%-8% EBITDA margins to around 16% in H1. So, is it fair to say 
over the next few years if they double in size, we should get to 25%-27% EBITDA 
margin or in terms of number of samples. what will drive this in terms of cost per 
sample, processing, is it operating leverage, if you could you throw some light 
on that from a direction perspective, that will be helpful? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I think the initial benefit which we believe will happen by network effect, and as 
we grow our network which goes beyond the city of Mumbai, goes to 
Maharashtra and drive it organically, I think that is first contributor. Obviously, 
the other parameter like economies of scale will fall in place but I think the initial 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 15 of 21 
effort will have to be on driving top line growth and that comes out of building a 
network in entire state of Maharashtra. And that experience we have with us. 
That's what we have done in the past. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pravin Sahay from Edelweiss Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Pravin Sahay: 
One question on the acquisition, the Suburban. As the Suburban has a higher 
realization, whether it's a per test or a per patient terms, but their margin is quite 
lower. So, that clearly indicates some costs were a quite higher. So can you give 
some color on which cost item you look at immediately to minimize? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I would refrain from commenting on this question, but question is good. Let the 
closing happens and then we will share with you as to how we really want to take 
this asset forward. 
Pravin Sahay: 
Second question is related to this company on how is their geographical mix and 
how much is the PE stake in this company which you are buying? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Geographically, I think very large part of their business is sitting in Mumbai… 
and I would say Greater Mumbai because they have business in Thane and Navi 
Mumbai, rest of it is coming from Maharashtra, primarily from Pune cluster. So 
that's the way they are structured in terms of turnover right now. In terms of PE 
stake, number is about 39%, I may not be very accurate but it's in that range. 
Pravin Sahay: 
And they are fully exiting? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, it's 100%, so everyone is exiting. 
Pravin Sahay: 
Next question is on Dr. Lal PathLabs only. Dr. Lal PathLabs revenue per test and 
revenue per patient, I can see because of COVID, there is a lot of fluctuation in 
the last six quarters. So now we are normalizing on the non-COVID business. 
Where do you see the realization numbers to stabilize? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
In fact, yesterday only we were discussing. If you take out maybe last few 
quarters and then you look at previous history, the revenue per patient has 
always been either flat or slight decline. And the reason for that has been very 
simple that we have been resisting price increases and we still continue to 
believe in that direction as long as we are able to protect our EBITDA by having 
efficiencies. So, I think it will probably stabilize in the same range and obviously 
price increase will be the last resort but given that inflation and recent past has 
been on a higher side, especially on logistics front, we will evaluate this, but I 
think it's fair to assume that it will remain flat if you compare it with the pre-COVID 
level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang from Oldbridge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tarang: 
What was the non-COVID revenues for the Suburban business in FY21? 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 16 of 21 
Ved Goel: 
FY21 was Rs. 167 crore for COVID and non-COVID is Rs. 127 crore. 
Tarang: 
How has this business grown, I mean, what will be the size of this business two 
years back? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
For non-COVID, I think they did in FY20 around Rs. 170 crore roughly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shaleen Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Just one hypothetical question like Dr. Arora is very well respected, but he 
doesn't have a skin in the game just because of the 100% buyout. So do we have 
any kind of a non-compete agreement with him? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, we do. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Second thing, in terms of the Q2, is there a possibility for you to share like a 
COVID, non-COVID revenue or a margin anything for Suburban? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Actually, we have got only management estimates of first half, that's what we 
have shared with you. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Is it fair to kind of extrapolate like will it be in the same line the way we are in the 
proportion of Q1, Q2 what is there for Dr. Lal PathLabs in COVID, non-COVID? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I have my doubts on that. First of all, directionally non-COVID recovery is 
happening across the industry and that is true for Suburban as well in Q2. My 
sense is that COVID may be slightly higher in western region, etc., compared to 
north because north positivity levels are low, and I think travel-related testing is 
happening more that side. That probably we will get to know once audited 
financials are shared with us. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
We look forward for more numbers from your side in terms of the cost synergies, 
etc., 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prashant Nair: 
Can you qualitatively give some sense on Suburban's testing, both capability and 
capacity. If we assume that it makes sense for the labs in the western region to 
become the hub for all volumes that even Dr. Lal PathLabs generates in west 
and south, does the current lab set up have the capacity and also the test menu 
to make that switch or will it take some time to build up? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
So qualitatively about Suburban, I think the first thing to note is for all of us is a 
very strong consumer franchise. It's very rare to find a consumer facing brand in 
diagnostics. And once you have that, the sort of a sustainability of growth is much 
stronger over a period of time. I think that's the first thing to note about this asset. 
The second thing to note about this asset is it's very concentrated in one city. So 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 17 of 21 
you can leverage that and that's what we have seen in Delhi when we were, how 
we travel to country-wide markets, I find the brand is definitely going to travel to 
other markets in Maharashtra and then to west. I think these two important things 
we must note. Second important thing to note is that this company has had PE 
for now nine years. It's professionally run both on the management side, of 
course, as you heard Dr. Sanjay Arora talking about being passionate on the 
medical side. So I think it's a very strong combination of both on the commercial 
side as well as on medical side, something very similar to the way we are. The 
third thing I want to tell you is that while I know historically margins have been 
lower which of course is known to all of us but the company has been showing 
a strong revenue growth trajectory over a period of three years, even if you take 
out COVID impact, still you have seen a lot of growth, and we believe that joining 
with us, we can probably take this growth curve even much higher level. I think 
your question related to does the company have capacity to really at the back 
end to service the market. We probably will sit together with management team 
in next couple of months after the closing is done and then decide. Clearly, if you 
look at 3x from here, then obviously we will have to build the lab capacity going 
forward. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
I may quickly add that qualitatively Suburban is a very-very good pathology lab; 
they already have one (CAP) College of American Pathologists accredited lab 
and four NABL ones. So quality is only going to come up from five NABL labs 
and the quality can be assured and we are going to increase this qualitative 
reference from other labs. This is what we plan to do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Aggarwal from Credit Suisse. 
Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
If the revenue spilt between radiology and pathology, can you just mention that 
for Suburban? Second is out of the collection center, 150-plus odd, how many 
are owned versus franchisee for them? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
If you are okay, can we hold on to this question till closing is done? Maybe on 
the next we will elaborate you more on this. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
And on the franchisee one, because when I see in Mumbai, most of them seem 
to be owned by Suburban directly, is it a franchisee concept? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Yes, they have a combination of both; own and franchisee right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alok Dalal from CLSA India Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Alok Dalal: 
Om, you mentioned about certain investments in Suburban to grow the business. 
Can you suggest in which areas they will be? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I think clearly, one investment will be we want to strengthen our consumer-facing 
part of the business and build even further stronger consumer brand. That will 
be one investment and which will cover everything in terms of technology, etc., 
make the entire home collection. In fact, this one company which has really 
benefited out of COVID as well because lot of home collections they have done. 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 18 of 21 
So that's clearly one area. Second area would be to map out white spaces not 
only in Mumbai but entire Maharashtra. So we look at some of those places 
where we need to expand. And third would be once we have the business plan 
in place and we will see the back end in terms of lab capacity how do we really 
structure the central lab format. 
Alok Dalal: 
Is that going to be a significant investment, or these are part and parcel of an 
acquisition that comes in? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
In any case, our business is not really Capex-heavy. These are usual 
investments that one does in these businesses. So one can probably fairly 
assume the way our trajectory has been, that's the way it's going to go. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Chowdhary from Kriis Portfolio. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Chowdhary: 
Wanted to understand, if we plan to run Suburban as a separate entity and we 
don't plan to rebrand it, how will the pricing pan out like say which cost 200 bucks 
at Dr. Lal PathLabs and Rs. 250 at Suburban, how do we plan to ensure that the 
pricing and the benefit of Dr. Lal PathLabs cost advantages flows on to the 
Suburban patient also and we tend to gain market share even on the pricing 
basis and make sure that we are competitive on all fronts? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
See, to the customer, these are two different brands and two different 
propositions. So, I presume whosoever goes to Suburban, goes to Suburban. 
Whosoever goes to Dr. Lal PathLabs and Dr. Lal PathLabs will have its own 
proposition. Obviously, parent being the same, we will try and minimize the 
friction as much as possible but in some way, we will allow these brands to 
compete and fight for market share in any case. Otherwise, our relative position, 
Suburban enjoys a much higher share of market as well as in absolute terms 
also a very large turnover. Dr. Lal PathLabs compared to that is more hospital-
focused and that's the way we look at it. Customers will not see this as one brand, 
they will see as two different brands. 
Nikhil Chowdhary: 
Also, on the CC expansion sir, will we continue the expansion of CC on the 
Suburban or we will now take the lead from here on? And also, on the 
cannibalization, we have seen like Metro, SRL, Suburban, and Dr. Lal PathLabs 
having centers next to each other. So, how will this now probably take from here 
on? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I think it’s a good question. As I mentioned and I repeatedly keep talking about 
this consumer facing brand, clearly, Suburban is going to take the lead to 
wherever the consumer B2C business is. Many of these collection centers 
actually is an action towards achieving that objective of catering to consumer 
demand or direct to patient demand. So, I think Suburban will take the lead of 
expanding collection center network. Dr. Lal PathLabs relatively as a brand is 
more focused on hospitals, B2B side of it, I think that's a short answer I have for 
this question. 
Nikhil Chowdhary: 
I agree that this is a premature question, probably we can keep it for the next call 
if you wouldn't want to answer. Wanted to understand how about the 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 19 of 21 
cannibalization say, I have seen Metro, SRL, Suburban, Dr. Lal PathLabs next 
to each other. From here on, will we focus on doing something like that or will we 
have some kilometer gap in the center between Dr. Lal PathLabs and Suburban? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
You may have seen these centers together right now but there are lots of white 
space in the city as well as entire state of Maharashtra. Some natural 
cannibalization will happen because we are allowing them to compete but 
obviously we will plan it in a manner which is most optimal. 
Nikhil Chowdhary: 
You said Suburban will take the lead on city expansion. I understand Suburban 
has already been more of company-owned outlet, right or….? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
I think that's a bit of economic decision. In our experience, ownership behavior 
is very important and we have found franchising really helps us to scale because 
it's a highly sort of operational business and we will definitely continue to expand 
our network through franchisee. So that's given. So it's not that we are saying 
wholly-owned network. We will probably carefully look at the entire infrastructure 
of Suburban and plan it, but franchising is going to be the main stay of infra 
expansion. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Nikhil, don't forget, that's the reason why we have gone to Suburban to increase 
their part of the market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Rajdharna from WestBridge 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Rajdharna: 
My one question is how is Dr. Lal PathLabs looking at home collection strategy 
going forward, if you could comment a bit on that. I guess you mentioned that 
today it's contributed about 11% this quarter, are there any specific targets going 
forward on the home collection side of things? 
Bharath U: 
On home collection, there are two or three key strategic priorities; number one 
is that it is a service we offer. It's an omni-channel place what we look at. You 
can walk into centers, you can go to a hospital or you can get it done by a home 
collection. So it's really an omni-channel play and we must deliver this omni-
channel play across all markets of India. So, there is going to be expansion of 
home collection capabilities across length and breadth of India because that is 
what the patient today really wants. Number two, the real focus on home 
collection is while we deliver it, it is not a very easy business, because it's a very 
personal interaction in someone’s house, hence we need to strengthen really the 
way we deliver the service, there's a lot of focus and attention being put on to 
strengthen that portion of the service delivery as well. So home collection is going 
to be a continued priority and we will try to continue build scale and service 
excellence in this area. 
Shubham Rajdharna: 
How much you expect from collection to contribute to revenues say in the 
medium term to long term? 
Bharath U: 
There are no specific targets per se. It is just that we want to be at arm's length 
wherever possible through whatever means, whichever channel. And that is 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 20 of 21 
really the objective. It's not only about one portion of the business or one service 
delivery channel taking the lead. It's about an omni-channel play. 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
Instead of chasing this from a number perspective, I think we want to chase it 
from a capability perspective that given that we have our own network and 
franchisee and over a period of time business has been transitioning from 
building own to franchisee network, I think that's where lies the opportunity 
because not every lab can manage the franchisee network. I think we would 
have done a great job. If you build the capability of our franchisee to provide the 
same experience as we would have provided directly. I think if we are able to 
build that capability, then obviously we will flow with the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pooja Bhatia from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
Is there an internal strategy on network expansion say adding 50-60 labs in next 
three years and some number of collection centers? 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
So the expansion strategy on labs which we have shared in the past as well that 
we want to really build some hub labs where widening of our test menu and while 
in the past we have been using this term of building the reference lab but we 
don't think a large format like 60,000-70,000 sq. ft. labs would come up but we 
do see hubs being created and in that direction we have started moving now and 
I mentioned in my opening comments that in UP we have earmarked certain 
towns where these hub labs are coming up. And these hub labs are primarily 
having wider test menu. And what it does to the business is really gives the ability 
for us to go into Tier-2, Tier-3 towns and that's where the markets have started 
showing a lot of growth in the recent past. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
On capital deployment, I was just wondering if it makes more sense to open the 
15 reference labs investing Rs. 1,000 crore and spending all the money in a 
single market, I mean, Rs. 1,000 crore for Rs. 50 crore EBITDA versus growing 
two reference labs, what really makes sense was the internal discussions that 
you had when you value such deals? 
Dr. Om P Manchanda: 
In my experience, I think journey from zero to Rs. 50 crore EBITDA is extremely 
difficult. Journey from Rs.  50 crore onwards, I think is much easier. That's the 
way I look at it and I look at much longer term and we have tried our level best 
and we believe that in some of these markets, they are hyper-competitive, well-
entrenched competition, it would have become very-very difficult to drive growth 
organically. So, we look at this as a platform acquisition and we believe that there 
is a long runway from hereon for us as far as the deal is concerned. Obviously, 
any acquisition, there is a journey after that is organic, right, that's where we 
come in now. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
In terms of the routine, specialized mix for Lal, what is the ratio right now? 
Bharath U: 
There are various cuts we have internally and since there are no hard and fast 
numbers, we track a couple of key metrics; one is Swasthfit which is about close 
to 18% of our non-COVID revenues, rest we look at it from a high end portfolio, 
which we have internal defined portfolio and it may not be strictly market 

 
Classification: Restricted 
Page 21 of 21 
comparable, so we don't give out that number, but we continue to have internal 
segmentation which we keep operating on. But Swasthfit is something which we 
declare publicly, that is about 18%. 
Pooja Bhatia: 
What would be the margin differential between both routine and specialized? 
Bharath U: 
There are various cuts to this margin profile. There is how you load cost 
structures, etc., So, on the overall sense, we look at a patient journey and then 
say we are really making a transaction level, if not a patient level margin. But in 
my estimate, both the margins will broadly be similar on a fully loaded basis. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Ved Goel: 
Thank you, everyone for being with us on this call today. We at Dr. Lal PathLabs 
are always committed to provide the best of the services with very high quality 
and to be a truly national player. We thank you for your support and continuous 
guidance in this journey. I am wishing you and your family to remain safe and 
healthy and also wishing you a very Happy Diwali in advance. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dr. Lal PathLabs, that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy.  
 
 
 
