ds NEOGEN 
Ng”) 
=CHEMICALS LTD. 
November \5, 
2021 
  
| 
E Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Deratineagt Corporate Services 
Listing Department, 
Floor 25, Phirozéteejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Fort-—__ 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 001 
a 
Mumbai 
— 400 051 
| Scrip Code No: 542665 
a 
Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
_ 
 
  
Sub.: Q2H1FY22- Earnings Call Transcript. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call Transcript of 
the Company’s Q2H1FY22 Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, November 1, 2021. 
The transcript is also being uploaded on the company’s website at www .neogenchem.com . 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neogen Chemicals Limited 
IX! 
my pe? 
H OM 
I 
. 
we 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
  
Encl: As above 
Sem 
Registered Office 
: 1002, Dev Corpora, Cadbury Junction, 
E 
: sales@neogenchem.com 
T 
: +91 22 2549 7300 
Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400 601, India. 
W 
: www.neogenchem.com 
F 
: +91 22 2549 7399 
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Neogen Chemicals Limited 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call  
November 01, 2021 at 2.30pm IST 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call of Neogen Chemicals Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen 
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal to the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Nishid Solanki of CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call for analysts and investors. Joining us on the call today are 
senior members of the management team, including Dr. Harin Kanani - Managing 
Director, Mr. Anurag Surana - Director and Mr. Ketan Vyas - Chief Financial Officer.  
We will commence the call with opening thoughts from the management team, 
post which we shall open the session for Q&A, in which the management will be 
addressing any queries that you may have.  
Let me leave you with our standard disclaimer here. Certain statements made or 
discussed on the conference call today may be forward looking. The actual results 
may vary from these forward-looking statements. A detail disclaimer in this regard 
is available in Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY22 earnings presentation.  
I would now like to invite Dr. Harin Kanani to begin by sharing his perspective on 
the performance and the progress that the company has made. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you, Nishid. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our Q2 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call. I hope you have had an opportunity to go through our result 
documents that were shared earlier and also uploaded on stock exchanges 
websites. I will take you through my views on the overall performance and key 
strategic drivers. Then our CFO, Mr. Ketan Vyas will present to you the financial 
overview during the period under review.  
During the second quarter of this fiscal year, we demonstrated accelerated revenue 
performance, which was bolstered by high throughput levels at our plants with the 
contribution from our phase 1 expansion fully commissioned in September. Volume 
expansion came in despite several operational headwinds witnessed during the 
period under review. Our persistent focus on product and process innovation, as 
well as adherence to volume commitments made to our customers has been our 
forte and we will continue to reinforce this to deliver superior performance.  
 
Now, let me quickly share some key financial data points. In Q2 FY22, our revenue 
growth stood at 38% while EBITDA grew by 33%, and profit after tax improved by a 

                                                     Page 2 of 15                                               
 
robust 51%. Growth in organic chemicals was 35%, while inorganic chemicals 
revenue increased by 63%. As you may recall, lithium prices had corrected in Q2 of 
last year resulting in lower base. Prices were back to normal levels in Q2 FY22. 
Accordingly, we have estimated a positive impact of Rs. 4.79 crore from pricing in 
our inorganic chemicals’ revenue in Q2 FY22. The rest has been driven mostly by 
volume growth.  
 
Moving on to some key developments: I am delighted to share that we have fully 
commissioned our first phase of expansion in September 2021. This was also our 
first major expansion from ground up to a world-class state-of-the-art plant of 
specialty organic chemicals, with focus on advanced intermediates adhering to 
internationally followed best practices of safety and engineering protocols. This will 
significantly enhance our position in the chosen chemistries and will allow us to 
manufacture high-margin value-added products based on multiple process stage 
chemistries. Also based on solid demand for our products, we advanced our phase 
2 project expansion timelines and commissioned the same in October 2021. This 
was earlier planned to come on stream towards the end of the year. With this, we 
are fully capable and ready to achieve our stated revenue guidance for the next 
couple of years.  
 
Now turning your attention to some exciting initiatives that we are undertaking in 
the lithium-ion battery materials and CSM space. The Board has approved an initial 
CAPEX outlay of Rs. 35 crore to manufacture 250 MT p.a. of electrolyte capacity for 
lithium-ion batteries, advanced chemistry cells and developing a pilot facility to 
speed up process development scale up and commercialisation of specialty 
chemicals as well as overall site development at Baroda facility, which will be the 
main site for development of the lithium-ion battery related initiatives. We see a 
number of projects with innovator customer increase with the commissioning of 
Dahej plant. The pilot electrolyte capacity for the lithium-ion batteries is expected 
to be one of the first such plants in India and likely to be ready by end of Q3/Q4 
FY23. This will enhance our total revenue potential to Rs. 700 to Rs. 725 crore in 
FY24 based on the contribution of initial sales of electrolyte and development 
molecules from the pilot plant based on the new CAPEX. This will be our initial 
investment in this area and we are working with our customers to decide further 
capacity needed and timing for the same. This is in line with our focus of foraying 
into high potential segment of lithium-ion battery materials on which we have been 
working with several customers over the last two years.  
 
As you may be aware, the Government has announced $2 billion PLI scheme to 
support manufacturing and localisation of advanced chemistry cell production units 
with focus on localisation of supply chain, which is expected to benefit Neogen 
Chemicals. Recently, on 22nd October, 2021, the global tender was also released 
and the timeline for execution for the same has been more clearly defined. This 
supportive policy action by the Government and recent global emphasis, initiatives 
on climate change control and positive response to EVs in India as well as across 
the world, we are seeing more and more of our potential customers crystallising 
their investment plan in this area.  
 
As per industry estimate, the production of lithium cells in India is expected to 
touch around 160 GWh by 2030 from negligible levels currently. This is expected to 
translate into the electrolyte demand of 50,000 to 70,000 MT by 2030 as per our 
internal estimates arrived at with customer discussions. This is a quantum leap in 
demand over the next one decade. Our existing inorganic manufacturing capacity 

                                                     Page 3 of 15                                               
 
can further be expanded or modified to make internally the lithium salts and 
additives needed for the electrolyte, giving us the benefit of backward integration. 
Using our expertise of 30 years in lithium chemistry, we are confident of leveraging 
this opportunity which will also significantly expand our addressable market size.  
 
I will now conclude by underlining that the opportunities in the Indian chemical 
industry are immense, and Neogen will continue to deliver a profitable growth 
performance that is driven by our recognised strength and niche chemistries. The 
focus will be to create sustained value enhancement for all the stakeholders while 
continuing to cement our leadership position. With that, I would request our CFO, 
Mr. Ketan Vyas to share his views on the financial performance of Q2 FY22. Ketan, 
over to you. 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you Dr. Harin. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome on the call. I will share 
the key financial highlights for the second quarter of financial year 2022. All 
comparisons are on year-on-year basis and refer to standalone financial 
performance. 
 
In Q2 FY22, our revenues increased by 38% to Rs.113.2 crore, largely driven by 
incremental contribution from phase 1 expansion. As you may be aware, the export 
incentives under RoDTEP was excluded for technical and pharma industry by the 
Government in a notification issued in August 2021. Accordingly, a one-time charge 
was taken for reversal of benefits provision in FY21 and Q1 FY22 against the same 
and accordingly our revenues for Q2 FY22 includes the impact of Rs. 1.2 crore. 
 
EBITDA improved by 33% to Rs. 20.5 crore translating into EBITDA margin of 18.1%. 
High utilisation levels at our plants aided the EBITDA performance, notwithstanding 
several operational challenges witnessed during the quarter. Profit after tax stood 
at Rs. 11.2 crore, higher by 51% driven by strong contribution from key product 
categories and expanded capacities. Reduction in effective tax rate due to higher 
revenues from SEZ facility and higher tax benefit on depreciation linked to 
capitalisation of Dahej unit positively boosted profit after tax.  
 
In Q2 FY22 our domestic and export mix stood at 46% and 54%, respectively.  
 
That concludes my opening remarks, and I would now request the moderator to 
open the forum for questions from participants. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The first question is on the electrolyte capacity. In terms of technology, if you could 
just let us know, whether the technology is our own technology or is it taken from 
someone else? And in terms of potential, you have said Rs. 700-725 crore. Is this 
from the 250 MT capacity or something else? Thank you. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Hi, Rohit. Thank you for the questions. Just to clarify, Rs. 700-725 crore is the total 
capacity for Neogen where this 250 MT is going to contribute. If you may recall, in 
our previous call, we had given guidance that the existing capacity is sufficient 
enough to serve Rs. 650 to 675 crore. With the Rs. 35 crore CAPEX, this can be 
increased by around Rs. 50 crore, which also includes the lithium Ion battery 
electrolyte business. The pilot facility for specialty chemicals will also generate 
some revenue. So, together that is going to increase the revenue to Rs. 700 to 725 
crore. As regards the technology, it is still under the final stages of optimisation and 
looking at the speed at which this is happening, many decisions will be running in 

                                                     Page 4 of 15                                               
 
parallel. So, currently the technology which we are planning is designed in-house 
and it is our own technology. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, got it. The second question is on the long-term contracts. We had earlier 
indicated that we have revenue visibility, based on the order book of about Rs. 60 
to 80 crore for FY22. We will still stick to that, and we’ll be able to meet up for FY22 
right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. The long-term contracts will contribute in the range of Rs. 60 to 80 crore in the 
current FY22 financial year.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anshul Verdia from Edelweiss 
Wealth Research. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Verdia: 
I have couple of questions on the electrolyte CAPEX which the company is 
undergoing. One of them was addressed by the previous participant - that Rs. 50 
crore is the revenue opportunity which will come in FY24. So, is it safe to assume 
that Rs. 25 crore will come in FY23 as the plant will be operational in the second 
half? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The electrolyte is a developing story, where finally we depend, at least within India, 
on our customers commissioning and fructifying their plants. As I mentioned in my 
opening remarks, with the PLI scheme which was first announced, people who were 
considering this have started working in a more focussed manner. Some of them 
have decided on the technology, some are still deciding the final technology of the 
cells which they are going to use, which will define the specific electrolyte that they 
need and the composition of the same. We are very confident that at least by FY24 
that contribution will come. Also, Rs. 50 crore which you have mentioned, there is 
some contribution coming in from our pilot facility also. So, that’s the overall 
outcome of the Rs. 35 crore investment which we are setting up. But, for overall 
FY23, since Dahej plant has just been commissioned, some customers have already 
approved and more customer approvals are coming, we would like to wait up to 
Q4, when we can give you better clarity on FY23 and in that we can also address 
how much contribution will come from electrolyte. But for sure, by FY24 this 
electrolyte facility will fully contribute. 
Anshul Verdia: 
Thank you. That’s helpful. Just one follow up. First is how do we plan to fund this 
CAPEX of incremental Rs. 35 crore and second, I am just trying to understand that 
if this opportunity of lithium batteries is such a big opportunity, then where do we 
stand in comparison to other players? They would also be excited about this and 
they would also start with capacity building. Any thoughts on the competitive 
advantage we have into this particular business? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Your first question was how are we going to fund this Rs. 35 crore. It will be a mix 
of our internal accruals and debt. And there will be some time going for planning, 
so there will be some expense on that in Q4. But most of the expense or the fixed 
asset addition should happen in next year Q1 and Q2. Mostly it will be for the next 
year. This year there will be limited impact in terms of increase in gross block 
because of this. So, that’s answering your first question.  
 
Second is the competitive advantages which Neogen has. The advantage when it 
comes to making electrolyte, there are three aspects. One is the lithium salt which 
is part of the electrolyte. Neogen has been making lithium compound. The major 
contributing factor in electrolyte is lithium salt and that is also the heart of it and 
some of the additives, which also happen to be lithium additives.  Neogen has now 

                                                     Page 5 of 15                                               
 
almost 30 years of experience in making these lithium salts. And some people also 
see a challenge to be able to source lithium, because the world is expecting lithium 
to be in a tight supply situation. Neogen’s 30 years of experience of having worked 
with the top two, three companies in lithium supply, our experience of making very 
high purity lithium salts, where we also have to control PPM and PPB level of 
impurities. Also, as compared to other companies, Neogen has been already 
working on this for last two, two and a half year - working with both, international 
customers as well as domestic customers who are interested. So, we have a head 
start on that. Of course, there are global players who are also present who have 
been doing this. But there is also a very large demand globally, not just in India. So, 
there could be some competition if the global players decide to come to India, but 
then over them, we would have the India advantage, with existing presence in 
India. And as compared to other domestic players - they could have their own 
advantages - but Neogen’s advantage will be the lithium backward integration, 
using lithium and making lithium salts for last 30 years. And having started 2- 2.5 
years ago to understand intricacies of all the aspects related to electrolytes. 
Anshul Verdia: 
That’s really helpful. So, we can expect there can be some dedicated client based 
plants coming up in the next two, three years with business scales up? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. The idea is that, we want to get started with this. So, we at least have almost 
like a commercial kind of plant outside of laboratory, where it is a significant size, 
and then you can multiply this or you can scale that up. For example, we make a 
plant for 250 MT. So, we can say, okay we can make it four times bigger and 
becomes 1,000 MT and then we can have four such lines or three such lines, 
depending on the volumes. But, once we have done it at that scale, we will have a 
better idea on detailed aspects of this technology. So, the first idea is to do that. 
And the second is also to demonstrate that we can do this and then to support for 
some of the customers that have a requirement of this in the next financial year for 
their initial quantities. The idea is also to cater to them, so they also get a better 
understanding and experience of using Neogen’s material. And then as other 
customers come on board and (when we) have a better idea on the volumes, we 
can plan our capacities in that way. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from Money Life 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
My first question is, can we expect a significant ramp up in revenue in the next two 
quarters as phase 1 and phase 2 organic capacity has now come online? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. I would say there will be some increase in revenue. Again, there are some 
additional customer approvals, etc., also required. The final ramp up will depend 
upon how fast this customer approvals come. Sometimes we have to make some 
quantity, give it to customers and the customer has to do its testing. It will depend 
on some of these aspects. But we are now confident to achieve the Rs. 450 crore 
revenue target which we had estimated for this year because roughly it requires us 
to do at least Rs. 125 crore in next two quarters, which seems doable with phase 2 
capacity also available. So, some revenue contribution coming from there as well 
as phase 1 being fully available. I would still keep Rs. 450 crore as our target and 
then let’s see how the customers and how Q3 goes and then we will have a better 
idea. 

                                                     Page 6 of 15                                               
 
Manish Jain: 
Secondly, in relation to our new CAPEX, whom do you expect the major consumer 
of these products to be? Will it be the EV guy who consumes this or renewable 
players? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
May be better to explain where we are in the value chain. Let us say there is an EV 
vehicle maker. Now, this EV maker buys batteries from someone. Some of the EV 
makers may choose to make their own batteries. This is happening even today. 
Now, inside the batteries, there are specific kind of multiple cells which are called 
Advanced Chemistry Cells or ACC in short. These advanced chemistry cells are right 
now not produced in a significant quantity in India. They are imported from China, 
Taiwan, Korea, Japan, etc. So now, these will start getting manufactured. Now, 
again some of the EV companies may decide because battery is supposed to be a 
significant cost of the machine and they may make the cells also and some might 
be independent cell and battery producers who will basically make these cells. Now 
for these cells, there are three main components. We have given in our slides 
different components of a cell. Our focus is currently on electrolyte. So, this is 
where lithium is present and to some extent it is present in cathode. So, these are 
the two areas with lithium and in this our focus is electrolyte. So, the person who 
makes the cells will be our target. Now, of course, the final batteries can be sold to 
renewable as well as to EV players. Based on the current estimates by industry 
available, EV volume is going to be much higher as compared to renewables, but it 
will also depend on how much renewables pick up and how the entire shift from 
non-renewable to renewable happens. But, overall as a final industry, the EV is 
likely to be higher consumer as compared to renewables as things stand or the 
projections that we have seen from the battery manufacturers’ point of view.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
On this new CAPEX, do we already have some understanding with the end customer 
for the supply of the initial 250 MT of production?  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
There is at least part of the quantity we have some clarity. Still detailed technical 
evaluations are going on, but for a part of it we already have some clarity. 
Remaining, the customers are waiting for some clarity from our side that when can 
we get it ready so they can give us better clarity. With the Board approval we will 
freeze our timelines and can have more meaningful discussion with our customers, 
on their immediate requirement for the FY23. But yes, there should be some 
revenue contribution of this in FY23 and by FY24 for sure, we will have this being 
used fully and any additional volumes which we may have to add to support the 
customer demand at that time. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. Anything in terms of the timeline for the customer approvals? Even after your 
plant has fully commissioned, what is the timeline for customer approvals so that 
we can go ahead for the expansion? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
This is a new area for us as well as for majority of customers - at least in India. Some 
of the international customers with whom I have talked to, the overall evaluation 
timeline can be three months to six months, even nine months depending on how 
stringent is the customer. But not all of that will depend upon our plant getting 
ready, some of the evaluations will also happen from the materials which we make 
in our R&D. So, I would say three to six months post the plant becoming ready. It 
can be sooner but that would be the normal expectation. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. And the asset turnover will be similar to the inorganic segments? 

                                                     Page 7 of 15                                               
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Currently we have just made investment into a relatively small sized plant, or what 
we are currently planning. So, it is too early for us to define the asset turns. And, I 
would like to hold back answer on that till we have a better idea of commercial 
plant capacity. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
And one more finally on this CAPEX. You mentioned that you can also modify your 
existing inorganic plant. Going ahead, do we see the possibility that with a limited 
CAPEX we can scale up the manufacturing of lithium salts in our existing plant? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
One is, making the electrolyte will require a dedicated facility. But for the salts 
which are required for the electrolyte, we can modify our existing plants or 
depending on the quantity required, we may have to set up additional (capacity) 
but, at least in the initial couple of years our existing plants with modification can 
make the salts which will allow us to get the lithium salts required for the 
electrolytes up and running faster and in the meantime, get ready for the final 
electrolyte handling. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. And this pilot facility which we are setting up. Is it for the existing molecules 
which are in the R&D stage or scale ups? Are we looking at the newer molecules 
that will come through because of the expansion which just got completed? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We already have a pilot facility but let us say they are two, three reactors in our 
Karakhadi plant and two, three reactors in our Mahape plant which are doing these 
trials. But what we want to do is, because now with Dahej site coming in as we have 
mentioned that there are many global international giants whom we were not 
communicating with till our Dahej plant was ready. As we approach these 
customers, we expect the number of projects, that we will be handling to be much 
higher. And at such point of time having this dedicated facility will help us speed up 
the developmental cycle. So that in the future CSM business or advanced 
intermediates business, we can shorten the developmental time. That is basically 
the purpose behind the pilot facility. Of course, it will also be equipped to make 
some of the lithium compounds or the new lithium salts also. So, in some sense, 
the pilot facility will support both these initiatives.  
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Yes. I was talking about FY23 revenue guidance. Can you achieve Rs. 650-675 crore 
revenue in FY23 itself given that both the CAPEX commercialised this year itself? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I just answered one of the previous participant that, I would wait till the end of Q4 
to basically give you guidance for FY23 just because, how long customers are taking 
to approve this site and there are many moving pieces. So, once we have clarity on 
that, we can give you FY23 guidance. But the total capacity that we have, can 
generate Rs. 650 to 675 crore and this new CAPEX can add another Rs. 25 to 50 
crore in FY24. So, we are quite confident that at least by FY24 we will have a 
capacity to reach Rs. 700 to 725 crore and if the market conditions remain the same, 
most likely by FY24 we should have all the approvals in place to have a full utilisation 
and generate that revenue. But for FY23, I would like to hold till Q4 of FY22.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Solidarity 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gupta: 
Dr. Harin, given the fact that in this product there could be a lot of demand for 
import substitution, this is something which we have a lot of experience in. What 
could be the gross margin, for this new project vis-à-vis our existing business? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
You mean for the electrolytes?  

                                                     Page 8 of 15                                               
 
Manish Gupta: 
Yes.  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
When it comes to electrolytes specially at a commercial scale, what is really first 
important for us to know is what is the final stable volumes which we are going to 
make. So, the first question Mr. Manish we will have to answer is, what is the 
volume and at that volume, what is the manufacturing cost, and what is the price 
which the customer is willing to pay as compared to international. Again, it is a bit 
too early for me to define gross margins at this point of time. One more aspect in 
this is also very high fluctuating lithium prices. How that lithium prices will factor 
into the gross margins is a bit early for me to explain at this point of time. One more 
factor also is that how much we are able to go backwards. So, for example, as I 
mentioned, whenever we will make, let us say the lithium salt ourselves, because 
we are starting from bare lithium mine output, or lithium carbonate or lithium 
hydroxide, our gross margins will be higher. If I was looking only at the electrolyte 
where I was buying the salt from somewhere else, then in that case, the gross 
margins would be lower. Therefore, if you can give me some quarters to understand 
this, and I am sure before we announce the plan for bulk commercial volume plant, 
we will have much better answer for this. But at present, it is a bit difficult to 
predict. 
Manish Gupta: 
Yes. Actually Dr. Harin I am not looking for specifics. I am just trying to understand 
that the stuff that we are doing on electrolyte from a complexity, from an 
innovation perspective, is it more value-add vis-à-vis our existing business? I am 
trying to understand on first principles, are we doing more and more downstream 
stuff or is it the same in terms of complexity vis-à-vis what we do at present.  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In terms of complexity, let us say I would like to compare with lithium bromide, 
which we have been making for last 30 years. So, this is something which is used in 
engineering, as we make lithium bromide. And then when you say electrolyte, it is 
a formulation which you are making for lithium bromide, where we have to control 
impurities, we have to control some parameters and we also have some additives 
to give the properties which it requires for performance. So, that would be our 
closest point of comparison. As compared to lithium bromide, electrolyte is quite 
complex. So, yes, we have experience of that, but the criticality or the degree of 
impurities required or the control which is required is much higher in case of the 
electrolyte. So, from that point of view, yes, I would expect as compared to the 
lithium bromide sales to an engineering company, the electrolyte sales should have 
better margins overall.  
 
But your earlier question was, gross margin. That is the part which I am right now 
not ready to answer - whether the gross margins will be better or at an EBITDA 
level, it will be better or because of a higher value. Let us say, what our expectation 
is that for installed capacity, or at an IRR level it will be better. But yes, it will be 
more critical and just as in engineering, once we tied up with a customer, we had 
those customers for 30 years. My hope is, that if we can tie up with some such 
customers now, it will basically establish a very long-term relationship because like 
engineering, even in this case, the end users are not chemical companies. So, they 
are actually looking for somebody to also bring in knowledge and experience from 
chemistry point of view. So, that is the role which with our experience we can try 
to play and if we do it successfully, it can be a very long-term business for Neogen 
Chemicals - just as lithium bromide, which started in 1985, is still for us. 

                                                     Page 9 of 15                                               
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Dr. Harin, my question is on this 250 MT electrolyte capacity. Can you just elaborate 
on the competition landscape from domestic as well as international players and 
definitely, there must be some international players who are currently ahead of 
Neogen Chemicals and where do we stand in terms of the niche to compete with 
global players as well as domestic players?  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
To some extent. Let us say when we are talking of the international players, yes, 
the international players have been making this and supplying this for many years. 
So, they have better experience. To the best of my understanding, the lithium salt 
producer is different and the electrolyte maker is different. One thing which 
Neogen is doing different is, we are doing it all in one shop. So, some of the things 
or some of the decisions which we make in our lithium salts can help our final 
electrolyte formulation, and there is better coordination. So, this is one.  
 
Second is that, right now they have many, many opportunities. They have 
opportunities in Europe, they have opportunity in US with the speed at which the 
entire world is moving. So, how much is their interest or how much resources they 
can give to India, which also requires within time because India also wants to grow. 
So, that’s also another question that will they have the India focus, or how attracted 
they would be for India. So, that’s the second point.  
 
And the third is, they would have to start from scratch to set up the facility. So, 
whether they can meet the timelines of the customers, because customers want it 
by a certain date, whereas we have existing facility. We have this backward 
integration into lithium salt. All of these will help us to speed up the process and 
hopefully meet customer requests faster. Having said that, we believe there will be 
some competition, or some of it might be imported, how much will be in India 
needs to be seen. So, all of these will develop over the next two to three years. And 
we will have greater clarity. But this is the advantage which I see over international 
players.  
 
And over domestic, I would say what I said earlier that, just the fact that we are 
doing lithium salts for last 30 years, we have been working on this for last 2-2.5 
years. And as I mentioned, also in my opening comments, we already are in touch 
with some 8 or 9 customers. But this is too early so I don’t know what other 
domestic companies who are thinking about this and how far ahead they are. So, I 
can just guess that, these are the things which gives Neogen Chemicals at least 
some edge to basically have a play in this area. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay, thanks. And my second question is on our existing business. In our last 
interaction you mentioned that you are negotiating with 8 to 10 clients and the 
molecule size is close to Rs. 25 to 60 crore per annum with phase 1 and 2 now 
already commissioned. So, at what stage currently the negotiations are and what 
are the chances that you may announce the contract or anything, in the next couple 
of quarters? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I would like to announce (chuckles) but the question is…So, I don’t know…it 
happens when it happens. What I would say is that, yes, things are moving along as 
I have mentioned earlier. Some customers who had tried pilot quantities have now 
given us the first commercial order for trials. Some who were in R&D have given us 
a pilot order. So, things are moving along, but it is a little bit difficult for me to 
predict. Again, FY23. I would like to wait till Q4 of this year to predict FY23. But I 

                                                     Page 10 of 15                                               
 
still keep my guidance that FY24 we will try to have at least 20% of the revenue 
coming in from CSM. So, that is the growth which I am expecting. But when can I 
announce, when will it happen, who it will be, what will be the size, these questions 
I am not clear enough right now to answer with certainty.  
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. And my last question is on the balance sheet. The short-term debt has gone 
up, if I compare that with the end of FY21 number. And it has gone up to Rs. 1.3 
billion from just Rs. 0.8 billion. Do you think the overall debt will increase further 
from the current level by the end of this financial year? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Ketan would you like to answer this? 
Ketan Vyas: 
Yes. As we look at our projections for the next six months, and given the volumes 
that we will achieve in next six months, and expansion what we spoke on lithium, 
our total debt should be around less than Rs. 300 crore and short-term debt, we 
look around at a similar level or may be marginally upward to meet the revenue 
growth of going forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Chopra from Union AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Chopra: 
Thanks for taking my question. Also, I just had one question again on this lithium 
opportunity. In your presentation you have sort of mentioned in one slide that, 
what is the composition of the cost of battery in terms of cathode materials, in 
terms of electrolyte, you also mentioned that, what are you going to do in terms of 
basically you mentioned that electrolyte, lithium salts, specialised cathode 
materials, just wanted to understand from the opportunity perspective, what could 
be the opportunity size for Neogen Chemicals in this total cost of battery? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Hi, thanks for the question. As you see currently our focus and the clarity that we 
have is on the electrolyte segment. So, that electrolyte which generally contributes 
between 8% to 10% of the cost of the final cells, is what is basically we are clearly 
targetting. When it comes to cathode, there is one cathode material which is very 
commonly used or most popular is a category called NMC. So far, we have not 
worked on that, but there are some specialised cathode materials which we are 
working on, but they are relatively in an early stage of development. And we don’t 
have clarity as a whole that how much of the industry use will be for NMC and how 
much for the cathode materials that we are targetting. So, for now, when we are 
thinking of it in terms of business volumes, we are largely focussing on electrolytes, 
and this is where we have clarity. Like, we have mentioned in our presentation, and 
in my opening call, the total demand by 2030 in India is expected to be in the range 
of 50,000 to 70,000 MT, if the 160 GWh capacity is put in place. Now, again, based 
on lithium prices, these electrolyte prices also change, and it is a bit early to predict 
in terms of how much crore it is, but it will be in few 1000s of crores by 2030 in 
India. More important question from an immediate point of view is, how is it going 
to ramp up and will it reach the 160 GWh, which has been projected. So, those are 
the questions on which we will get clarity in next one or two years. 
Gaurav Chopra: 
Got it. Just one question from my side again. So, you have mentioned that the 
majority of the CAPEX will follow in the H1 of FY23. Is it safe to assume that if you 
do contract this capacity to ramp up in the way it is being projected, it is easy for 
you to scale up the plants for the electrolyte?  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I did not understand your question. Can you repeat it?  

                                                     Page 11 of 15                                               
 
Gaurav Chopra: 
Yes. Basically, you said, the majority of CAPEX for this project is going to happen in 
H1 of FY23. The amount taken to commercialise this plant is appearing slightly low. 
So, my point is, in case this capacity for lithium cells scales up the way it is projected 
to, from your side will you be able to ramp up your capacities as well in a shorter 
span? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. Most of the investment that we are currently doing is for a relatively very small 
capacity - 250 MT per annum. This is relatively a very small size. Again, it is a chicken 
and egg situation that there was not complete clarity from the customers. But, 
inspite of that as I mentioned, at least there are one or two customers who said we 
are going to have some initial trial runs or a trial plant which is going to require so 
much quantity. So, based on that view, at least we went ahead and took a decision. 
Now, based on my understanding, and with the level that we are prepared, when 
our customer starts making a plant for making these cells, even if I start at that time 
making a plant for the electrolyte, my time will be shorter than the plant which is 
going to come up for manufacturing the cells. So, as and when our customer 
basically makes the final investment decision and breaks his ground for setting up 
the plant, I will be faster than them. So, I don’t expect much of a challenge and we 
are in very close communication with many of these customers trying to 
understand their need. They also understand Neogen’s capabilities, appreciate 
Neogen’s so many years of experience. So, we will have time to expand to meet the 
larger demand of our customers. I hope, I answered your question. 
Gaurav Chopra: 
Yes, thanks. Just last question from my side. You have also mentioned in your 
presentation that you are in discussion with some potential manufacturers, 
including overseas players, the tied-up capacity which you have just talked about, 
are these domestic players or they are overseas players? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Sorry, please repeat! 
Gaurav Chopra: 
The capacity which you said that it is partly tied up for your customers R&D 
initiatives. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In Domestic players we are in more advanced discussion and with one of the 
international players as well for that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Ranjit Cirumalla from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
Again, circling back to the lithium thing. Just wanted to understand how immune 
would we be to the disruption that is likely to happen in this particular technology. 
How should one view that irrespective of the disruption in the technology, probably 
the lithium salt would still be needed and to the extent Neogen would be secured? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Ranjit thanks for this question. And this has been a question which we have been 
also asking ourselves for last two years. And one of the things which we were 
waiting for is customer clarity. So, with higher interaction with the customers with 
what we have talked, there seems to be quite a consensus that because of the 
property of lithium for having the highest charge to weight ratio, at least for EV, 
lithium will always be in the place. What form of lithium, liquid electrolyte, solid 
electrolyte, etc., different things which are happening, which can happen, but 
lithium will be required, lithium salts will be required. And at least for next four to 
five years, people are thinking that the existing mix, which we are targetting is going 
to remain. So, for next four to five years, the existing chemistry is likely to rule, 
there are some new things which are happening, but by the time they are first of 

                                                     Page 12 of 15                                               
 
all tested, then have a kind of a smaller launch test, then somebody internationally 
who understands this technology will actually put it for use, and then for example, 
India starts to put it for use; that is going to be at least four to five, six years’ period. 
So, even if the chemistry changes, we will be able to have enough time to adapt to 
that different chemistry within the lithium set. The only other technology which 
people talk about are flow cells and sodium-based batteries or in the battery space. 
Again, there are mostly people considering for renewable, where the weight is not 
supporting the batteries for renewable, where weight is not such a big issue, but 
for EV still, large consensus is that it is going to be the lithium-based batteries so 
far. And anyway, this is also on our mind so currently the commitment of CAPEX 
which we are doing is very limited. And whenever we do a broader, larger CAPEX in 
future we would also want some kind of customer assurances to minimise the risk 
on Neogen Chemicals if at all the technology were to change very fast. I hope it 
answers your question. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
Yes, it does. Thank you very much for that. Follow on to that, you mentioned that 
you are working with 8-9 players or the customers who have expressed interest in 
the advanced chemistry set. So, in the event, we do go ahead, would customers like 
only one supplier or he would like a free to kind of a procure from Neogen, is also 
supplying to his competitors. How are the dynamics going to work in that place? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
If I look at international business, both things happen. Mostly it is one on one 
relationships, but sometimes some companies do have, the cell producers do have 
multiple suppliers. So, we will see how it works in India. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
Sure. One final question if I may. Now with the electrolyte and the EV thing also 
kind of gaining traction, and we have the CSM side. So, how is your time going to 
spend on these two new fast-growing activities? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
So far, my time was majorly behind getting the Dahej plant started, because that 
was my biggest worry, because that is Neogen’s one of the biggest investments we 
have made. So, ensuring that they are put to use productively was taking my largest 
time. Both CSM and lithium will remain my focus. Will remain Neogen’s focus. Even 
in terms of our R&D, CSM bit is taking more resources, but from my time point of 
view, because we have a team in place like our VP R&D or our site manager, or our 
VP Business Development who already have a good understanding of CSM 
business. There is enough expertise within Neogen Chemicals for CSM. So, my time 
hopefully will be going more towards lithium-ion battery, then for CSM. But we will 
see. I mean, sometimes lithium-ion is future and CSM requires something today, I 
have to be flexible and will be flexible that way.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav from RakSan Investors. 
Please go ahead. 
Keshav: 
For the two innovator multiyear contracts we have, are these products scaling up 
at the innovator end? Are these off the pre-launch phase and fully commercial?  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, both of these are now commercial. One of them if you recall is a US based 
pharma customer. The pharma customer has already launched the product in US 
and they are expecting launch also in Europe and Japan shortly. Similarly, the agro 
customers also have made the final product out of that. I am not fully aware 
whether it will hit the market this year or next year. They have not shared that 
information with us. But basically, both of these are commercial and have been 
used by the customers now and the volumes will ramp up.  

                                                     Page 13 of 15                                               
 
 
Keshav: 
You mentioned in one of our previous calls of assured off take you have with them, 
it is a multiyear contract, so for the products that are yet to launch. Is there a kind 
of risk that they might not end up doing as they have planned?  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, in this particular case, both of them have launched the product, and there is 
always that risk. But very rarely, to the best of my experience, most of these 
companies have invested billions of dollars to reach to that stage when they are at 
launch. So, they don’t give up without clarity for three years or five years at least. 
Maybe, I can ask Mr. Surana, who has years of experience in this to answer this.   
Mr. Surana would you like to add? 
 
Anurag Surana: 
Dr. Harin as you rightly mentioned, all these investments, they are multibillion 
dollar investments done by customers and these investments are done in phases. 
They do investment in research, they do investment in data generation, in pharma, 
they do investment in phase one, phase two, phase three, clinical trials, in 
agrochemicals they spend money on, regulatory approvals in each country. So, all 
this money is never ever spent without having a very, very clear visibility about the 
efficacy or any adverse effect of the product or anything like that. A product just 
dropping off the cliff is a very, very, very rare occurrence. Theoretically it can 
happen, but it is a very rare occurrence. And these companies are very careful 
about making these very large-scale investments. So, while an assured off take 
actually means a take or pay right, nobody gives a take or pay kind of contract, but 
it is a very, very remote possibility that they would just stop suddenly. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
And just to add to that, from our side these reactors can be used for our own other 
molecules also. So, worst case scenario, we may need some time to adjust but we 
can make our own molecules and wherever we had specific equipment’s, which are 
designed specifically for these products, we have taken assurance from the 
customer that suppose if they don’t complete the contract, then they pay us to the 
unutilised portion for these specific equipment’s. So, to that way, some kind of a 
comfort has been taken from the customer. 
Keshav: 
Yes, but most of these plants are fungible? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. 
Keshav: 
Recently I came across the mention of an industry trend in the CDMO space, 
especially pharma. I am not sure about agro, about innovators asking for multi 
capabilities, CDMOs to provide the entire basket of services. I wanted to have your 
views on it. Like if we go through the vertical chain, now the product would move 
from different stages, intermediate onto the API. Do you feel that despite of this 
ask from the innovators to consolidate the supply chain, and intermediate 
manufacturer like us would rarely graduate to the API level and the API guy will not 
find as much value to completely backward integrate and would there be sort of an 
equilibrium somewhere in between? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I am not specifically aware of the specific trend or the discussions which you are 
referring to. But just looking at a business point of view, most of the times if an 
innovator is making this ask, it is to do with the questions where they have seen 
supply chain disruptions, and customer wants to make stability of supply. So, 
suddenly, a Chinese company stops, so because of that an API producer is not able 
to make it, then the customer insists that, you should be able to make this on your 

                                                     Page 14 of 15                                               
 
own if needed. So, as long as we are a reliable supplier, the customer would still 
want to continue working with us at an intermediate level, or advanced 
intermediate level. And from whatever discussions I have had, I have seen, specially 
in Europe, more and more companies wanting to get advanced intermediates from 
India instead of China, as far as I can tell. So at least from Neogen’s perspective, 
there should not be a very big disruption. And the biggest difference between us 
and the final API producer would be, a completely US FDA approved site versus a 
site which has been following US FDA norms, which has been audited by the 
customers. So, there’s a little bit of differential between the two sites also. So, we 
suddenly can’t from tomorrow start making APIs and an API company when it has 
option of making APIs, which is already under demand would not want to make 
intermediates or KSM at a very short notice unless it has a supply security issues. 
So, this is just my views on that, but let’s see how it progresses. 
Keshav: 
One last thing. Are we being conservative when we forecast the Rs. 650 crore top 
line. So, is it potentially the minimum or maximum? It is our expectation to reach 
this level and sort of gradually increase utilisations? Because we already did Rs. 270 
crore of revenues in organic in FY21 and I can understand the newer capacities 
would be more for AI and CSM, and more of dedicated facilities. But are we saying 
that Rs. 650 crore is the max we can do or more like we will start from this but 
potentially can scale more from the same capacities in the years to come? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
From the same capacity, it will depend upon how the product mix that we 
ultimately depends on, the percentage of reactor capacity needed for a unit dollar, 
or a MT is required or per value of the final molecule is required. So, yes what we 
feel is that, if our reactors are used, we should be able to get Rs. 650 to 675 crore. 
Based on the mix of molecules which we have on target. For example, if we were 
to do only bromine derivatives, it could be slightly higher, in terms of revenue but 
then margins may have some other impact. So, this is kind of a mix, so it is neither 
the minimum nor the maximum with the existing capacity that we can do. And, 
again, as we stabilise more, we will have an idea on what is the maximum we can 
get out of the existing capacity. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question from the line of 
Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
I have one question and that is related to the base business. We have seen, the 
price increase for bromine from China by around 2x. How is that affecting our base 
business. Is there any positive impact in terms of the international business inquiry 
for the advance bromine intermediates, because the domestic bromine prices are 
almost at the same level, if I am not wrong. Can you please share your thoughts on 
that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. We have seen for example, a lot more interest from our international 
customers in last one month, since a news article came that Chinese bromine prices 
have doubled, not doubled but have increased significantly. Now, China sometimes 
goes through this cycle so we will have to see, first of all, how much stable this is, 
whether it is short term or whether it is long term. Because unlike India, and 
Europe, China tends to be a month-to-month very high variable market. They don’t 
have this annual contract kind of a concept that we have. Or they fix a volume and 
do it so sometimes the spot prices can be a bit misleading. So, we will have to watch 
that. But yes, the immediate effect of that is that several international customers 
who were also relying on China and India have told us that, you have new capacity. 

                                                     Page 15 of 15                                               
 
Can you give us some more quantities and we are also trying to see because most 
of these customers would require full commitment for next year. So, we are also 
talking to our suppliers, get a view of next year and see whether the customer 
would be interested with the new prices. But the immediate outcome is yes, we are 
getting more inquiries about business we will get to know next quarter.  
Dhavan Shah: 
And China? Are they into advance bromine intermediates also or are they mainly 
into the bulk business? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Actually, there are three categories - one is bulk bromine derivative, which is the 
flame retardants, the water treatment, oil field, etc. That is what I call as bulk. Then 
I call specialty bromine derivatives which basically don’t have demand of more than 
1000-2000 tonnes per annum and third what I call is advance intermediates which 
we make. So when we talk of advanced intermediates, we talk of molecules made 
which can be bromine or non-bromine using this specialty bromine derivatives. So, 
I would say China is in all three spaces. Yes, they are present in bulk bromine also, 
they are there in specialty also and to some extent, they are there in the advance 
intermediates also. 
Dhavan Shah: 
And we are witnessing demand from which space because of this thing? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We are not into bulk. So, I wouldn’t know the answer to that. But we are seeing 
inquiries in the specialty bromine space because that is the place where we have 
done, where there is the immediate impact of bromine price at an advanced level, 
the impact of bromine sometimes gets a bit limited because other factors which 
contribute more, other than bromine. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you all the participants for joining the call. I hope we were able to 
satisfactorily respond to your questions. If you have any more questions, please feel 
free to contact our Investor Relations Team – CDR India and we will address them. 
Wishing all the participants festival greetings, Happy Diwali, stay safe. Thank you 
again and we look forward to connecting with you in the next quarter. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
The transcript has been edited for clarity and it may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has been 
made to ensure high level of accuracy, the Company takes no responsibility of such errors. 
 
