                                                                                      
 
 
 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
A Joint Venture with Standard Life Investments 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2021-22/73                                                                   Date – November 1, 2021  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call Q2 FY22 conducted on October 25, 2021 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Q2 FY22 Earnings Call conducted after the meeting of the Board of 
Directors on October 25, 2021 which can also be accessed on the website of the Company at:  
https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
SLYVIA 
GREGORY 
FURTADO
Digitally signed by SLYVIA GREGORY FURTADO 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0132, 
pseudonym=d888f2fb059bed0c8f40d135908f8
4db5b634a4f69c28f4186c28e1ea6b93c0b, 
postalCode=400103, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=c657741e7c20647b09c19a36b5
05d108588ea658a47cf934129cd9fc4d51aa71, 
cn=SLYVIA GREGORY FURTADO 
Date: 2021.11.01 14:22:05 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 45 
 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited Q2 FY-
22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT - MANAGING DIRECTOR (MD) 
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO) 
MR. PIYUSH SURANA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA - CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 45 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management team we have Mr. Navneet Munot – 
MD and CEO, Mr. Piyush Surana – Chief Financial Officer 
and Mr. Simal Kanuga – Chief Investor Relations Officer. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Simal Kanuga, who 
will give us a brief following which we will proceed with the 
Q&A session. Thank you and over to you Simal. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks Neerav. Good evening everyone and thank you very 
much for joining this call. As always, I’ll start off with a quick 
take on the quarter/year that has gone by. Industry AUM has 
crossed Rs.36 trillion with Rs.16.8 trillion in equity-oriented 
assets, Rs.10.7 trillion in debt and Rs.4.2 trillion in 
liquid/overnight funds. There is another Rs.5.1 trillion in what 
we kind of classify as “others”, that is ETF, arbitrage funds 
and fund of funds investing overseas. To put things in 
perspective, if you look at our presentation of say September 
2018, that is post our listing in August of 2018. AUM of the 
industry was Rs.22 trillion and equity-oriented assets were at 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 45 
Rs.9.8 trillion. We as an industry have seen material growth 
over these three years.  
In terms of equity flows, post losing approximately Rs.627 
billion in FY21. The first six months of the current financial 
year has seen net positive flows adding up to Rs.936 billion. 
The one thing that we need to point out in terms of equity 
flows is that Rs.459 billion or for that matter 49% of the net 
new flows have come in through new fund offers the NFOs. 
Majority of these NFOs have been offered at margins, which 
are materially lower from the AMC perspective as compared 
to existing schemes. We have seen this happen in the past too, 
especially when the overall market sentiment tends to be 
positive.  
In terms of debt and liquid schemes: 
Flows have been more or less flat this year. That is, debt has 
seen outflows of Rs.45 billion, while liquid funds have seen 
inflows of Rs.26 billion. The so called “others” category has 
seen healthy flows, adding up to Rs.778 billion, of which 345 
billion is in arbitrage funds and Rs.79 billion in international 
fund of funds, while balancing number of Rs.354 billion is in 
ETF, which includes both equity as well as debt ETFs. SIPs 
continue to scale up, the month of September saw SIP flows 
of Rs.104 billion as against Rs.92 billion for June of 2021.  
Now we are moving to us: 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 45 
We closed the quarter with an AUM of Rs.4,357 billion, of 
which 46% is in equity-oriented assets. Over and above this, 
we manage Rs.115 billion through our portfolio management 
services/ separately managed account business. 
In terms of overall market share, based on quarterly average 
AUM, we closed the quarter at 12.1%. And if one looks at the 
same excluding exchange traded funds, or ETFs, our market 
share is at 13.3%. Our market share is at 12.2% when it comes 
to actively managed equity-oriented assets, 14.6% in terms of 
debt, and 15.3% for liquid, all of these are based on quarterly 
average AUM. We continue to have a favorable asset mix as 
compared to that of the industry and at 12.8%, we have the 
highest market share in terms of individual AUM. 
Furthermore, we continue to be second highest in terms of 
B30 market share. 58.8% of our total AUM is contributed to 
by individual investors; comparable number for the industry 
is 54.5%. We processed over 3.22 million systematic 
transactions in month of September 21, resulting in flows of 
Rs.10.8 billion. We have successfully built a top of the line 
digital infrastructure. We continue to invest further and 
enhance our digital capabilities.  
Over the past few quarterly calls, we’ve been mentioning that 
we’re working on filling up product gaps across categories. 
During the financial year, we launched a hybrid fund that is 
an asset allocation fund of fund, a thematic fund that is a 
banking and financial services fund, a passive/smart beta fund 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 45 
called HDFC NIFTY50 Equal Weight Index Fund. We 
recently concluded our first international fund, which is the 
HDFC Developed World Indexes Fund of Funds and are 
currently as we speak, in midst of an NFO of another passive 
fund viz. the NIFTY Next 50 fund. We filed a few more 
documents with the regulator, and will launch those products 
once approvals are in place. Our team is also working on some 
products on fixed income side.  
We have launched an aggressive investor awareness program, 
where medium to long term endeavor is to nudge people to 
change their old age habits and evaluate mutual funds as an 
option. I’m sure most of you would have seen this campaign 
with a tagline “Barni Se Azadi”. We are also running a parallel 
investor awareness program showcasing benefits of hybrid 
and asset allocation funds. We ran an aggressive marketing 
campaign for our Developed World Fund of Fund which did 
see a very healthy response.  
Now to financials: 
The Company has shown improved performance during the 
quarter ended September 21, as compared to the 
corresponding quarter in year 2020. Revenue from operations 
increased due to an increase in AUM, as well as a more 
remunerative mix with higher percentage of equity AUM, 
however, this increase was tempered by a dilution in margins 
in some of the schemes. Other income for the quarter ending 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 45 
September 21 is lower than quarter ended September 20. 
Since the comparative quarter had some amount of MTM gain 
on the Essel group NCDs. During the quarter, there has been 
an increase in business promotion expense as business moves 
towards normalization, other expenses like travel, printing 
and stationery, et cetera also have ticked upwards. As 
mentioned earlier, we are also in the process of expanding our 
product bouquet, and consequently there is an increase in 
expense on new fund offers.  
In February of 2021, a grant of ESOPs was made to certain 
employees, and the expense head ‘Employee Benefit 
Expenses’ includes a pro-rata amortization of the fair value of 
these ESOPs as required under the INDAS accounting 
framework applicable to the Company. This is a non-cash 
charge which is not tax deductible and is book value neutral. 
In Q2 FY22, this non-cash charge amounted to Rs.167 
million.  
As communicated last quarter, employee benefit expenses 
have increased as the Company resumed its practice of annual 
increments in employee remuneration this year after taking a 
break from the practice last year due to the COVID-19 
pandemic.  
Financial highlights for the quarter ended September 2021: 
Operating profit for the quarter ended September 21 was 
Rs.3,954 million as compared to Rs.3,491 million for 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 45 
September 2020, an increase of 13%. Profit before tax for the 
quarter ended September 21, was down by 0.3% to Rs.4,615 
million as compared to Rs.4,628 million for September 20. 
Profit after tax for the quarter ended September 21, was 
Rs.3,445 million as compared to Rs.3,379 million for the 
quarter ended September 20, resulting in an increase of 2%.  
Financial highlights for the half year ended September 30, 
2021: 
The operating profit for the half year ended September 21 was 
Rs.7,606 million as compared to Rs.6,497 million for 
September 2020 an increase of 17%. Profit before tax for the 
half year ended September 21 was Rs.9,276 million as 
compared to Rs.8,432 million for September 20 an increase of 
10%. Profit after tax for the half year ended September 30, 21 
was up by 8% to Rs.6,899 million as compared to Rs.6,403 
million for September 2020.  
Our operating profit margin now stands at 36 basis points 
(bps) for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, as compared 
to 35 bps for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and 36 bps for 
the year ended March 31, 2021. 
Thank you very much for a patient hearing, we will now open 
for questions. We have both Navneet and Piyush with us.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 45 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Amit 
Nanavati from Nomura Securities. Please go ahead.  
Amit Nanavati: 
Just a question on market share at least if I look at FY21 
versus first half this year, the market share loss that we are 
seeing is at a faster pace, at least in this first half especially 
where the industry flows have turned positive versus last year 
and this is coming despite performance improving. So, if you 
can give some qualitative comments around last year versus 
this year, how has the flow market share for you, I understand 
you don’t give out numbers there, but at least from a trend 
perspective, how are you seeing things? 
Navneet Munot: Hi, Amit. Thanks for the question, overall market share has 
fallen from 13.6% to 12.1% over the last one year. And to get 
a better perspective, let’s talk of numbers asset class wise, that 
is actively managed equity, passive equity, debt and liquid. 
So, firstly, we have discussed reasons on actively managed 
equity over the past couple of quarters, we would like to 
mention a couple of more things here. One that our 
redemption share has been more or less constant over the last 
say three years or so, the impact that you see in market share 
is due to lower share in gross inflows. And the lower share in 
gross inflows may be attributed to a couple of reasons one is 
that, a large part of inflows in recent past has been through as 
you would know NFOs. To put it in perspective, during the 
quarter net new flows were 68,497 crores of which 42,591 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 45 
crores came in through NFOs. So, I’m sure you all have, heard 
the margin at which this business is flowing in. There are 
times when one has to be more prudent rather than just be part 
of what is happening in the market. We’ve been selective in 
terms of launching NFOs in diversified active equity space. 
The couple of product gaps that we had in the category like 
dividend yield fund which we launched in last quarter of 
calendar 2020. The other one is multi-cap we have filed for 
the same with the regulator and will progress with the launch 
post getting necessary approvals.  
Further if you look at total flows during the last one year 
23,000 odd crores have flown into thematic/sectoral funds as 
against total equity net flows of 41,000 crores so well over 
50% and the feedback that we are getting from our partners, 
RIAs or for that matter, even the direct investors is that, 
investors, MFDs, advisors they want to take an active call on 
sector or a theme for a part of their portfolio. Till recent past 
we have abstained from launching sectoral or thematic funds, 
but based on the feedback received from our partners and also 
based on our belief in the theme. We launched a 
sector/thematic fund during the quarter, that fund was BFSI, 
which saw a very healthy response, we added very large 
number of new investors, it was very well participated by a 
large number of our distributor partners. And currently, as we 
speak our investment and product teams are working on 
creating couple of other themes and you will hear more from 
us in this space. So, having said, we are going to be selective 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 45 
and we’ll be launching only those themes that we believe will 
create value for our investors over medium to longer term. We 
have mentioned this in past and would like to reiterate that the 
decision of launching a new product at HDFC AMC is 
investment team’s prerogative and they work together with 
the product team to ensure that we don’t launch products for 
the sake of it unless we strongly believe that, there is a 
segment of investors who would have a need for that product 
from a long-term perspective. So, unless we see a 
sustainability and longevity of the theme, we wouldn’t be 
launching a product just for the sake of it. 
Another thing I would mention that it would be interesting for 
you to note that almost all the top five players excluding SBI 
MF would have lost market share over the last year or two. 
And also the interesting thing that’s happening in the market 
is that, the allocations are much broader based and of course 
there is some extra bit of performance chasing. If you analyze 
sales data AMC wise I’m sure you will get it what I’m trying 
to say. When we are on the topic of equity-oriented strategies, 
there is a market which is emerging which is international 
funds, investing internationally, a lot of domestic investors are 
now allocating money towards international funds. The size 
of the market is almost 35,000 crores and growing, industry 
have lined up number of new launches in this space. We didn’t 
have a product in that space earlier we just did our first 
international fund recently, a passive fund of fund which 
endeavors to track the MSCI World Index. So, we will look at 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 45 
couple of other strategies in this space over the next few 
quarters.  
The one other reason for falling, when you look at overall 
market share and I’m responding to that so another reason for 
fall in overall market share is, mark to market increase in the 
ETF AUM and as you know equity ETF business in India is 
dominated by one investor and ETF AUM overall has moved 
up from little over 2 lakh crores to close to 4 lakh crores now, 
and I’m sure many of you have caught up on the recent news 
article which talked about HDFC AMC filing for nine ETFs. 
We have also filed for a couple of index funds. The idea is to 
offer a full bouquet of products and as mentioned over the last 
couple of quarters, we’re looking at filling up product gaps 
across asset classes. So, at the same time, I must mention this, 
we are very mindful of the risk associated on passive side and 
hence have selected indices which pass our risk muster. 
So, that was on the equity side, when it comes to the debt side 
our market share has been constant quarter-on-quarter. In fact, 
it has actually moved up on Y-o-Y basis so when we look at 
our market share on the debt side 14.6% it’s reasonably high, 
especially in space, which is dominated by corporate and 
institutional investors. We are also evaluating debt index fund 
and will update you once we progress on that front.  
The third component, the liquid fund, it’s been more or less 
constant Q-o-Q but has fallen by Y-o-Y last September the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 45 
share was at 18.7% and even at that time we communicated 
that this was very high. In fact, it had actually moved up 
sharply over the previous one year so it has got I would say 
more normalized and we wouldn’t expect a significant 
increase in market share in that space from where we are 
currently. I hope that answers your question. 
Amit Nanavati:  No, basically it almost seems like last year’s market share loss 
was more underperformance led market share loss right, 
where say our performance would have been set at say for 
example, just hypothetically been one percentage point lower 
than the industry average and which is basically the market 
share loss which was visible. But this half, at least this year it 
seems more like a flow market share loss, especially because 
now flows have comeback for the industry. Now even if I look 
at unique investors we have not been growing in unique 
investor pool and should one look at SIP market share as a 
lead indicator for where our equity market share would trend 
towards. 
Navneet Munot: No, so you have summarized it well, when it comes to the 
market share moment over the last one year. Your point is 
right, when you look at the unique investor addition and the 
folio addition over the last couple of quarters, the way folios 
have got added in the industry, particularly driven by the 
FinTechs. And we have our work cut out on that front and we 
believe that over the next couple of quarters with increased 
engagement, with some of the other initiatives that Simal 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 45 
talked about earlier whether it was on the marketing side, 
whether it was on the digital offering side, hopefully over a 
period of time you will see us gaining market share in SIPs as 
well as on the new folio addition. You would appreciate that 
historically, HDFC AMC has always been a leader in SIPs, 
it’s been a leader in B 30 markets, that’s where the higher 
growth is there and we don’t see any reason given our 
performance, the long-term track record and all the other 
initiatives that the team has taken. We would continue to 
remain a leader on that front. 
Amit Nanavati:  Got it. Last thing if you, I am not too sure but if you can share 
your market share in the FinTech space, what percentage of 
distribution comes to you? 
Navneet Munot: So, we won’t give you that granular data on distributor 
segment wise but as I said that, there is a lot of scope for us to 
grow in that segment more than what we have been so far. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, Amit one thing I can add, if you look at industry as a 
whole. So, can FinTech really distort the market share? not 
beyond a point because the equity mutual fund industry is 
close to 15, 16 lakh crores. All FinTechs put together, the size 
of the market is somewhere around when we talk about 
equity-oriented funds it adds up to close to around 35,000, 
36,000 crores. So, it is 2% of the of the size of the industry as 
we speak. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 45 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Kunal Thanvi 
from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
I had two questions, one was on the passive side, as you had 
mentioned in your opening remarks that we have launched, 
we have a long pipeline for ETFs and index funds. And, 
wanted to understand the thought process in a bit detail, from 
where the aggression in terms of launching significant number 
of NFOs come from. And as you have also mentioned that the 
pricing for the NFOs has been very aggressive, what’s our 
strength in the NFO that we are launching and given the fact 
that we will be launching so many NFOs, does it make sense 
to look at the historical margins, will it lead to softening of 
our overall premiums and margins over the next three to five 
years. You can answer this and then I can ask the second 
question. 
Navneet Munot: Piyush and team have been highlighting over a period of time 
that over a period of time margins will see some level of 
dilution. This of course depends on various factors, the assets 
which are going out, the assets which are coming in, mark to 
market component and variety of things so difficult to 
quantify. Also, as you rightly mentioned, that there is 
competitive pressure currently, the kind of NFO pricing which 
is happening and as we mentioned earlier that a large part of 
the flows are driven by the NFOs by the competition. We’ve 
seen this in past to, in our history of the Company, but our 
experience says that it settles down over a period of time, at 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 45 
HDFC AMC, as we have always been saying, the three most 
important aspects for us building scale, building with a quality 
and profitability of business, not one at the cost of the other. 
We would always be very, very mindful of that market share 
of course is important, but profitability is also equally 
important for us over a period of time. So, we will navigate 
through this period and we are hoping that this will settle 
down, investors would appreciate the long-term performance 
track record of our funds, money would come into the existing 
products which have much longer-term performance track 
record. We would surely be filling the product gaps wherever 
we have, we have mentioned in the past, on the passive side, 
both in equity and fixed income, both the core products as well 
as the smart beta product, we had our first smart beta product 
NIFTY50 Equal Weight Index Fund, in this quarter. We had 
the product gap on the international side, and we had a highly 
successful NFO on the sector and thematic side, which we 
talked about earlier. We had a BFSI fund again, this was a 
very highly successful NFO and fund of fund the NFO that we 
did in April and it’s been getting positive flow since then. 
So, these are some of the categories where we had lesser 
presence, which we are filling the product bouquet. In our 
core categories, more or less, we have been there in all the 
categories given our long term history. The one category, 
which has opened up is the multi-cap and maybe over the next 
couple of months we would be launching that product, apart 
from the categories that I just mentioned.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 45 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, thanks. And the second question was related to the 
adoption in technology, so what we understand is, one or two 
quarters back we had appointed a Chief Technology Officer, 
which is ex-HDFC Life, can you help us understand on a 
qualitative basis what are the initiatives that are being taken 
in the last few months in terms of bettering the entire 
ecosystem? 
Navneet Munot: So, it’s a journey we always had best in class digital assets 
which need cost and upgrade which we have been upgrading. 
As the world is changing of course, the focus on technology 
has been increasing for every industry and asset management 
business is no different. With a new CTO and an excellent 
digital team that we have in place we are working on various 
initiatives. In case you have not noticed, I would urge you to 
download our mobile app, HDFC Investor app, we have 
refreshed our mobile app, it’s simpler and more powerful. 
And the feedback we are getting on the same is truly 
encouraging. We continue our journey in creating a state of 
the art digital infrastructure and leveraging on the same for 
enhancing the customer experience. We enabled the voice 
search on our corporate website. We enabled API gateway for 
third party integration with some of the tech savvy 
distributors, we’ve got an RM tool to build access on mobile 
solution to partners. And I can go on this topic, but overall 
what we are trying to do is have this culture of automation, 
and a culture of customer centricity which is like the hallmark 
of the HDFC group. And removing every possible friction in 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 45 
their journey moving from we would say, KYC to UYC, know 
your customer to understand your customer, enabling our 
partners to scale up their business. So, how do we use data and 
analytics in every part of our business, how can we automate 
our processes. So, digital is like going to be the backbone of 
everything, we do, our entire ecosystem. And so it’s about 
variety of things and all of this will help making the 
organization future ready. So, we have good digital assets. 
Over the years, we have been investing in all of them. We’ll 
be investing a lot more in that as we speak. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the of Shubhranshu 
Mishra from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: I’ve got two questions here. The first one is on the 
‘Other income’, given the fact that most of the investment 
book is in debt. And there hasn’t been much of hardening, 
there have been hardening of G-SEC, but not much. The drop 
in the other income has been a significant, if I look at it on 
DuPont model. And the other part is, if I look at the market 
share, especially in the hybrid fund. We dropped off 
significant market share in the hybrid funds, versus maybe 
two years ago where we were around 21-22% to versus where 
we are, we would be around 18% or 19%. So, it’s a drop of 
almost 200, 250 bps. So, if you could dwell upon these two 
questions, that would be very helpful. Thank you. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 45 
Piyush Surana: 
Okay, I’ll take the one on the other income. And then Navneet 
can talk about the second question. So, on the other income 
see, Shubhranshu because of these Essel NCDs. We had this 
fluctuation in the other income over the last two years, every 
once in a while. So, for example, September 30th, 2020, the 
other income had a component of around 56 crores of MTM 
gain in the Essel NCDs. That was why the other income in 
that quarter was so high and similarly, this year in June as we 
talked about the disposal of the Dish shares, which were the 
collateral for the NCDs, we had booked a gain of around 14 
crores on that. So, that’s essentially the reason why there’s 
been this up and down in other income and now that, it’s out 
of the system, we would probably see a more normalized 
number. If you go back to the transcript to the last quarter, I 
had actually mentioned this, that please don’t take this number 
as a normalized number going forward. 
Navneet Munot: The question was on the market share in the hybrid funds? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Multiple reasons, one is obviously the recent NFO has been 
very, very large. SBI did an NFO which as you are aware, 
collected close to around 15,000 crores Shubhranshu, and 
Navneet kind of gave a perspective earlier on loss on market 
shares. So, the same set of things apply for what has happened 
in the hybrid category. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek 
Saraf from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 45 
Abhishek Saraf: So, I have two questions, one on the diversification strategy. 
So, just wanted to know, is how are we now proceeding on the 
diversification of styles in terms of new fund managers, 
managing how much of our equity fund and if you can share 
some numbers on that, that will be helpful and is it proceeding 
as your expectation. Secondly, on the cost to income side, I 
see that obviously we have seen a lot of NFOs are pushing up 
the cost, but on a more steady state basis, what should one 
expect cost to income to be like this quarter it was around 
24%. Going forward, what would you kind of indicate one 
should be thinking about cost to income ratio, these are the 
questions thanks. 
Piyush Surana: 
So, the cost to income ratio more or less will be the same as 
this, the cost might be a little bit higher, because we are 
looking at some additional investments in technology. Also, 
this quarter, has some part of increase in travel and the other 
normal costs that go along with normalization of business. So, 
that will intensify a little bit so it will go up a little bit from 
here. But, the ballpark that you’re taking is fine, probably add 
4-5% to that, that should be it. 
Navneet Munot: And your question on diversity, certainly in terms of the core 
products, but also as you mentioned about launching newer 
products. So, Anand has been there with us for a long time 
now managing 2000 crores in the BFSI fund, another analyst 
who manages the infrastructure and the housing fund and then 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 45 
of course, the other two fund managers, if we look at overall 
would be around 15% or so, of the overall equity AUM. 
Abhishek Saraf: Would they have increased now because now that a lot of 
NFOs have happened under newer fund managers or those 
who were earlier analysts have now become fund managers. 
Would this have gone up because if I recall like last quarter 
also we were almost in the similar ballpark? 
Navneet Munot: Yes, over the last couple of quarters the trajectory would have 
been from around 10% to now 15% or so. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, Abhishek if you look at the data as of say March of 2020, 
the number between Prashant Jain and Chirag Setalvad was 
closer to around 87%. And that number is now sub-85%. And 
you would appreciate, that what has also happened is the mark 
to market increase in the AUM has been very, very sharp over 
March 2020 and we are talking about a base on nearly like 
1,80,000, 1,90,000 or for that matter even 2 lakh crores. So, 
1%, 2% is a fair bit of delta. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik 
Agarwal from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Agarwal: 
I have two sets of questions. So, firstly on the AUM 
mix for the Company. So, as highlighted during the call also 
we have filed for nine ETFs. So, is there anything from the 
more on the strategy level like is there any cap on which we 
are going to see the AUM mix for the Company in the medium 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 45 
to longer term, that is my first question. And second question 
is more on the OPEX part for the Company. So, as we are 
seeing a lot of ETFs we are increasing basically the 
component of ETF in our overall AUM mix. So, how are the 
operating expenses for the Company going to move around 
over the period of time? 
Navneet Munot: So, first of all, let me clarify and say this very, very clearly 
while we have filed large number of passive products. There 
is no change in strategy we are big believers of active fund 
management. In terms of active fund management if it comes 
to it, we strongly believe we will be the last man standing. Our 
funds have created huge wealth over the past many years. In 
fact, very recently, we celebrated HDFC Flexi Care Fund 
NAV crossing Rs.1000. So, the capital has grown by 100 
times over the last 25 years and that’s an alpha of like over 
6% CAGR for 25 years. HDFC top 100 fund has delivered 
CAGR of over 19% for 25 years and that’s also an alpha of 
over 5%. Our balance advantage fund or for that matter hybrid 
equity aggressive they’ve delivered +18% CAGR over 26, 27 
years and the hybrid equity aggressive has delivered 15.9% 
for over 21 years. So, definitely we are a strong believer in 
active fund management and we believe as I mentioned 
earlier, we’ll be the last man standing.  
But in our dialogue with the MFDs, with RIAs, with investors 
looking at the world, what’s happening in the asset 
management industry, we see in India also that part of the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 22 of 45 
equity allocation is now being allocated to passive strategies. 
So, an advisor who is allocating equity assets does allocate 
both, both to active as well as passive. And we want to be a 
full stop shop when it comes to offering investment 
management solutions or products. Keeping that in 
perspective, we have identified suitable set of indices, and 
we’ll be launching products based on these indices. In fact, I 
mentioned earlier that we do understand risk surrounding 
certain set of indices, in terms of liquidity, et cetera. And 
hence have chosen those indexes where the risk is well 
contained. So, again, I’m going to reiterate there is no change 
in strategy, we will leave no stone unturned in terms of 
resources, time, energy, when it comes to active fund 
management, there is enough and more these days being 
spoken about passives, in fact, not long back, if I remember, 
the year 2017 or so, alpha was considered to be a given, and 
nowadays assume that there is no alpha, but truth lies 
somewhere in between look at returns of some of our funds 
over the last one year and the amount of alpha that has got 
generated. And in our opinion, an active manager will be able 
to add value over a period of time. And the only way for one 
to add value is to go away from the benchmark. And when 
you do so you do risk some level of underperformance. At 
times, it is worth taking that risk if you believe in 
fundamentals of businesses one has invested in. So, in our 
opinion, Indian markets do offer a reasonable opportunity to 
add value one at a time by their side. So, there’s a lot, if you 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 23 of 45 
exploit the time arbitrage and search arbitrage optimally, there 
is a lot of alpha to be captured for the next several years. And, 
I mentioned earlier that, look at our HDFC Flexi cap fund 
which has outperformed the benchmark by a significant 
amount in last one year, and there is opportunity to generate 
alpha if one has time by their side. So as I mentioned that we 
have been a leading asset manager, scale is important for us. 
And that’s why we want to provide all possible solutions to 
each segment of our partners as well as investors. 
Kaushik Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir around the second question of operating 
expenses. Are we going to see, whatever would be the 
proportion of ETFs, how are we going to see the operating 
expenses part for the Company over the period of time? 
Piyush Surana: 
So, the ETFs won’t really change the OPEX much. There 
would be probably some degree of expenditure on business 
promotion in terms of advertising but we don’t really think 
it’s going to be a material number from here. 
Kaushik Agarwal: 
Okay, so sir can we expect the cost to income ratio 
which you were highlighting to the previous question, so that 
would mostly be remaining in these line only? 
Piyush Surana: 
More or less here, I can’t give you exact numbers, but 
probably go up a few percentage points from here, given the 
factors that I mentioned earlier. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 24 of 45 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain 
from Fairview Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Jain: 
So, I’ll start with a little bit of historical perspective. So, I’ve 
been investor in the Company since the IPO and I remember 
calls where the management would rule out the threat from 
passive investing, stating that it is a very small part of the 
industry. And fast forward to now HDFC AMC has filed for 
nine new ETFs. So, what kind of growth are we expecting 
from the new launches given that even our existing ETF 
products, they have lagged significantly in AUM, with respect 
to the competition. And my second question is, our dividend 
yield is significantly lower than our listed peers so do we have 
any plans to increase that in the future. If you can elaborate on 
that. And last question is, if you can provide the amount raised 
in the recently concluded NFO for the international index 
fund. Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: So, the first question was active versus passives, markets 
evolve over the last 21 years, HDFC AMC has been pioneer 
in various segments. The concept of SIP I would say didn’t 
exist or hardly existed 20 years back, but HDFC AMC took 
lead and became a large player in that segment, and that’s why 
our equity AUM is where it is. Over the years we would have 
launched products, which were necessary to provide the right 
kind of solution to our partners and the investor. And in line 
with that, as markets evolve and Indian markets have also 
been maturing, if there are needs for products which are 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 25 of 45 
suitable for a set of investors, we believe we have the right 
kind of investment management capability, risk management 
capability and product capability to manufacture those 
products and distribute it. So, the decision on whether it’s 
passive, whether in some of the other categories that we talked 
about, has to be seen in that light. So, till few years back, if 
you asked like whether you would be launching an 
international product, the answer would have been from our 
side that there is very little market in India, Indian investors 
are not looking at the global diversification, but at the 
beginning of the call as I mentioned that now there are a lot of 
investors who are looking at global diversification and we 
have the capability to provide that solution as well. So, as the 
passives have started finding their space in some of the 
portfolios, we believe that we would also be an active player 
in that segment. But again, I repeat what I mentioned earlier 
that we want to remain a dominant player when it comes to 
active equity, active fixed income, active money market, also 
to be a relevant player in the ETF space, we would never 
change I would say scale or market share at the cost of 
profitability. And as I said, we will never compromise that for 
just scaling the market share.  
The second question was on the dividend yield. So, of course 
this year we have enhanced our payout ratio, that’s something 
that the Board keep discussing and in terms of the ideal payout 
ratio that we should be having, they look at everything 
including the cash on the balance sheet, the incremental flows 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 26 of 45 
and of course what kind of ideal payout ratio we should be 
having, so course, fully ceased off of that.  
Nitin Jain: 
And the last question on the amount raised in the international 
fund NFO? 
Navneet Munot: Over 1100 crores. 
Moderator:  
Due to no response we move on to the next participant. The 
next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just two questions, firstly when we talk about market share, 
when we mentioned that we had relatively lower market share 
on the inflow side because of the kind of NFOs that the market 
had seen. But could you also throw some light with regards to 
outflows, how have HDFC AMC seen trends vis-à-vis the 
industry, have we seen a higher outflow compared to the 
industry. That is my first question. Second is, what ex of 
ESOP, what kind of employ cost trends we can expect going 
ahead and lastly, with the kind of ETF launches that we are 
planning, what kind of next yield through the AMC, that we 
can expect from these ETFs, those are my three questions sir. 
Navneet Munot: So, the first question was on the inflow share versus the 
outflow share. The outflow share hasn’t really gone up in last 
two three years, it is the lower share on the inflow side which 
has impacted the market share which we hope to correct over 
a period of time. On the employee cost, it has gone up this 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 27 of 45 
year, last year given the challenging time there was a bit of a 
cut on that front, part of it has been restored and you would 
see that maybe slightly going up as we have ambition to grow 
and market is expanding. On the ETF strategy, we have been 
clear that we want to have all the products and solutions that 
our partners and investors need, we want to be a one stop 
solution shop and for that whatever is needed, we would be 
ensuring that we have that full product bouquet on the ETF 
side both in equity as well as on the fixed income. Again, I 
reiterate that, we would keep in mind the liquidity risk which 
some of the indices may have, we will be very mindful of that 
and would look at the products where we believe we can 
match investors need with our capability and our risk 
management view. And of course more themes that our 
investment team believes in. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And one thing more on the yield that we’re targeting, 
the ones on the ETFs which will be like possibly in the range 
of 20 bps or around what level you can expect the yields for 
these? 
Navneet Munot: Core products in India has become highly competitive, in fact 
in some of the strategies the TER in India, is much lower than 
what you find even globally, you might have read this news 
item couple of weeks back, which is the expectation that 
globally, the fee on the passive side has bottomed and there 
are some signs of that inching up from a very low base, when 
we compare some of the index funds in India with the similar 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 28 of 45 
products outside India, we find that fee actually in India is on 
the lower side. Of course, if the question is active versus 
passive, passive would be substantially lower. But we believe 
that there would be certain products where right kind of 
innovation would lead one to have slightly higher TER than 
the products which are quite commodity kind of ETF 
products. 
Piyush Surana: 
On the employee cost you had a question. So, currently, we’re 
running at around 7.5 bps of AUM on the employee costs. I 
guess it will be roughly around there maybe inch up a little bit 
from there, but not very different from that. That also includes 
the non-cash bit which we keep talking about which is the cost 
on the ESOPs. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jain 
from Equity Group. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jain: 
Hi, this is Aditya from Citi. Could you clarify the impact of 
the NFO in the two areas? So, one is on the OPEX for the 
AMC and the second is on the yield and secondly, the yield 
impact whatever impact is there is it logged in for life or will 
there be a tapering of the yield impact in future years? 
Navneet Munot: So, there would be tapering over a period of time, but on the 
cost, it would be every NFO depending on how you market it, 
some of the NFOs may need more marketing expenses, some 
of the index products, et cetera may not need that much of 
expense, that would differ from product to product and the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 29 of 45 
kind of size that one is expecting, the kind of market segment 
that one is targeting. So, it would depend couple of factors, 
there is no standard I would say an amount that we target to 
spend on every NFO. But you would have seen, you would 
have noticed in this quarter the overall expenses have gone up 
and part of that can be attributed to the NFOs that we had in 
last few months. 
Aditya Jain: 
So, on the yield side, the commission agreement with 
distributors during the NFO so that has some built in declines 
in subsequent years. So, there is certain commission payout 
when it is issued and it becomes slower in subsequent years? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Actually, Aditya there are all sorts of structures. So, different 
structures and then there are different levers that gets used so 
without getting into the specifics, both yes and no. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hiral Desai from 
Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Hiral Desai: 
Hi, Navneet just had one question, if I look at the operating 
profit growth for quarter two in the PPT that is at about 13%. 
And if I look at the quarterly average AUM growth, we are at 
about 17% right now. So, what will it take for sort of both of 
them to be in sync, and how long before that is possible given 
the noise that we are currently having on the NFO side, plus 
the competitive intensity in general with so many new players 
coming in? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 30 of 45 
Navneet Munot: So, variety of things as you mentioned earlier that, there 
would be dilution because incremental money, particularly in 
the NFOs if you raise, that’s coming at a higher cost than the 
book that we have today. So, over a period of time, margins 
will see some level of dilution. And it of course also depends 
as I mentioned earlier in terms of mix of assets, even within 
the equity, what kind of products are getting more flows, 
versus others. So, it’s difficult to quantify but as Piyush has 
been mentioning for some time, that over a period of time 
margins will see some bit of dilution. And the current 
competitive intensity that we have discussed, as part of like, 
couple of questions before the competitive pressure which has 
got intensified because of the money which is being raised in 
NFOs. As a house we have seen these periods before and our 
experience has been that it settles down over a period of time. 
So, we hope that over a period of time it settles down, and the 
competitive intensity kind of reduces when it comes to the 
money raising through the NFOs. 
Hiral Desai: 
Okay. Lastly on this Standard Life or stake sale, have you had 
a conversation after this 5% stake sale on their sort of road 
ahead? 
Navneet Munot: So, we have no information on Standard Life’s plans when it 
comes to diluting stake in the Company or selling any stake 
in the Company. As you would know they sold 5% odd stake 
recently and currently own approximately 16% of the 
Company. We will keep you posted if we get to hear anything 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 31 of 45 
further. The good news that I must share is that, we got some 
high quality shareholders who acquired the stake and we 
really appreciate their faith and trust and their confidence in 
us.  
Hiral Desai: 
And Navneet just on the website and the mobile app, I am an 
investor with HDFC AMC. The website and app has come out 
really well. Especially the smart statement bit is very good. 
So, cheers to the team for that. 
Navneet Munot: Thank you so much Hiral. The team is working very hard and 
hopefully we will keep improving your experience as an 
investor with HDFC AMC 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand 
Shankar an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anand Shankar: I have a question for Mr. Navneet. I attended the Trinity Go 
Passive investor forum last Friday. And it was very useful for 
retail investors like me. And, I also understand that the 
company is planning lots of ETFs now. So, basically, my 
question is like, what is your strategy for growing big in the 
passive funds market because it’s a low margin product for 
one. So, the AUM size matters a lot and then second, there is 
a lot of competition. Unlike active funds, it is quite difficult 
to differentiate ourselves with our competitors, and especially 
the new age FinTech firms, who have a lot of funding coming 
in, and they are not listed, so they don’t have too much of 
pressure on the profitability aspects. So, they can introduce 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 32 of 45 
new funds and offer at a much lower cost. Whereas, it is really 
difficult for us to do the same because we need to balance 
growth and profitability. So, I just want to know what would 
be our strategy way forward, just in the passive side to grow 
big, like Blackrock or Vanguard Investments, there the market 
share is absolutely key because it’s a low margin product? 
Navneet Munot: First of all, because we file a large number of passive products 
on one single day and it created a buzz but one should keep in 
mind that HDFC AMC has actually been a pioneer even in the 
passive space. We launched our first index fund way back in 
2003 and that like 18 years back when there was very little 
discussion around passive products in India, we were doing 
extremely well on the active side, we had probably one of the 
best bouquets of active products but, also launched the index 
fund and it has one of the longest track record. And over the 
years of course in last couple of years the growth that industry 
has witnessed, we believe that there is a distributor segment, 
there is an RIA segment, there is an investor segment which 
is looking at more allocation to passives. And in line with our 
strategy of being a one stop shop for anything related to asset 
management, we need to fill their product bouquet as well.  
In terms of strategy as you know, passively managed is more 
about having the right kind of execution skill set, right kind of 
technology, the right kind of operational ecosystem and of 
course the marketing and sales infrastructure is slightly 
different than what you have on the active side given the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 33 of 45 
margins that are there on the passive side, we’ve taken a 
couple of steps over the last few months without elaborating 
much on that, you’ll hear a lot of things from us even on the 
passive side given that our ambition has always been and will 
always be to remain a one stop shop for everything related to 
asset management needs of any kind of investors. 
Anand Shankar: Okay. Second and last question is, are we seriously looking 
into any acquisitions for inorganic growth opportunity? 
Navneet Munot: No, we have done it in the past and always open for any 
opportunity if it is adding value to all stakeholders but, can’t 
say more than that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manjeet from 
Solidarity Investments. Please go ahead. 
Manjeet Buaria: My first question was, as you’ve seen some of the large 
distributors whether offline or online are starting their own 
mutual funds. Just wanted to get longer term implications of 
things like, big distributors kind of start giving the product out 
themselves. 
Navneet Munot: Our industry has always been very competitive and in past I 
remember the question that was asked of us was how will 
domestic player withstand the global majors, because a lot of 
global majors were setting up AMCs, now we have seen some 
of the people who started with the distribution franchise and 
now building a manufacturing franchise. Given the growth in 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 34 of 45 
the industry over the next several years where the penetration 
of mutual fund is abysmally low. The industry has grown so 
much in last few years. But still, if we look at the unique 
investors, they are just 2.5 crore, so we have a long way to go. 
And I’m sure the industry will attract all kinds of players. And 
some of the people who have a large distribution franchise if 
they are able to build a good investment capability and 
infrastructure, I’m sure they will also bring interesting, I 
would say dimension to the industry so more the merrier. 
Given the growth potential in the industry. 
Manjeet Buaria: Okay. The other question I had was, crystal gazing a bit, but 
from your vantage point if some someone takes a very long 
term view of this industry, 10 years, 15 years view, would it 
be fair to have a hypothesis that the operating margins which 
the industry enjoys today, would actually not sustain and 
compress, one because of more competition, probably the 
newer brands build trust over the next decade, who are not as 
well-known as someone like us, SBI or ICICI. And also, the 
fact that, as the industry growth probably at some point starts 
having base effect and competition is further incentivized to 
go down the lower price route. So, that’s some broad thoughts, 
very long term operating margins of this industry, how 
defensible they are not just for you, industry as well? 
Navneet Munot: So, passive becomes a much larger part of the overall pie, then 
of course margins as you see, they will get diluted. Having 
said that, if we’re talking about the recent competitive 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 35 of 45 
intensity, because of the NFOs, and the pricing in the NFOs 
as we mentioned earlier, we have seen these kinds of times 
earlier. And then of course, it settles down over time. Whether 
it is fair to say that operating margins would not sustain 
because of more competition, but as I said this industry has 
always been very competitive, I’m going to go back and India 
has a history of let’s say 30 years or so. And if you see the last 
three decades in any point in time you had a good mix of large, 
domestic financial services behemoths who had their asset 
management Company, a lot of global majors who have 
entered or exited this industry, a lot of other players who 
entered and exited this industry, competitive intensity has 
always been there. Now that, everybody strongly believes that 
the penetration is likely to increase very substantially, some 
more players are entering the industry, but it will evolve over 
a period of time, everybody has to work on their own 
competitive advantage. We believe we have an outstanding 
franchise when it comes to our investment management 
capability, and risk management capability, our product 
capability, the presence that we have, both the physical 
presence across the country and the digital presence or the 
digital assets that we have created. The pedigree of our brand, 
the pedigree of our people, with all of those the advantages 
that we have, we believe we will continue to grow for a very 
long period of time and continue to grow very profitably. 
Manjeet Buaria: Last two questions sir, just clubbed them. One was, I 
understand the necessity to maintain a strong balance sheet 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 36 of 45 
and certain amount of cash on balance sheet for volatile 
periods like last year, but just where we are in terms of our 
cost structures and the balance sheet already on cash. What’s 
stopping 
the 
Board 
from 
considering, 
paying 
out 
incrementally almost all of the profits as dividends, or 
dividends buyback, whatever it is, but what’s really stopping 
the Board over there. Because we throw out so much cash 
every year is one and the final question was in terms of these 
new regulations with SEBI for mutual fund employees in 
terms of their investments, is there any risk of good talent not 
wanting to come into the industry or nothing on those lines as 
per you. Thank you those are my questions. 
Navneet Munot: So, on the first, the ideal level of cash. As I said that Board is 
ceased of that, that’s one of the specific discussions we have 
in almost every Board meeting and they increased the payout 
ratio this year. And I’m sure that debate in terms of what is 
the ideal level of cash versus the payout ratio that we should 
have, goes on. On the second question was on new regulations 
for MF employees, any risk of good talent not coming to the 
industry, the regulators idea is that there should be more skin 
in the game, whether it comes to the investment team or the 
other leadership team and a similar regulation has also come 
on the higher skin in the game by the asset management 
companies into their own funds. Over the years, several of 
these things have enhanced the trust and confidence of the 
investors in the asset management. And we believe that given 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 37 of 45 
our franchise and given our brand, we shouldn’t have 
challenge in attracting the right kind of talent. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise 
from JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
Sameer Bhise: 
Just a quick question, where are these new age platforms 
classified as, as distributors or the direct route? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sameer, they are both. So, some of them have taken the MFD 
route, some of them have taken RIA route, but if you look at 
the big names like your Zerodha, Paytm, ETmoney, all of 
them have taken the direct route. So, they basically invest in 
the direct plan that falls under the RIA. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Okay. So, it’s their license based classification? 
Simal Kanuga: 
That’s right. So, people who want to do distribution, they opt 
for the MFD and thereby they take the ARN and they take that 
route. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek 
Saraf from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Saraf: Just one follow up on the NFO side. So, if you can just help 
us explain that obviously, we have also participated in NFOs, 
but it has been largely in lower yielding kind of NFO schemes. 
So, if I can just understand what are the product gaps in terms 
of those NFO product gaps on a higher yielding scheme. So, 
what will be those gaps will be and secondly, it’s difficult to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 38 of 45 
say but in your view, how long can this NFO frenzy continue 
and what kind of would make it a more moderate trend to us? 
Navneet Munot: So, as I mentioned earlier, that one of the product category 
which we would be launching is the Multi Cap and of course, 
some of the thematic and sector funds over a period of time. 
The other products where we need to fill our product gap or 
there could be more innovation could be on the passive side, 
on the international investing side and of course on the fund 
on fund side. But otherwise from the core categories as per the 
SEBI classification we are present across all categories, be it 
in equity, be it in hybrid and fixed income, money market, et 
cetera. So, that was your question, right? 
Abhishek Saraf: Yes, Navneet. So, just on multi cap side is fine, on the 
thematic and sectoral side probably is there more scope for 
doing, kind of coming out with more schemes. So ultimately, 
we end up getting more TERs for the margins, the multi cap 
will be just one category and once we do that then, it’s over 
and done with. But in thematic and sectoral probably, we can 
have much more scope to innovate and then come up with 
newer schemes? 
Navneet Munot: So, there the intention would be to launch products where our 
investment team believes in the longevity of the theme, where 
we believe in sustainability of that product, both from the 
advisor distributor or from the investor’s portfolio 
perspective. If there is a need for a product we would be 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 39 of 45 
launching again as I want to reiterate, we wouldn’t be doing a 
product for the sake of it, because it’s selling currently, that 
has never been the case with HDFC AMC and we would never 
deviate from that. Would there be more scope in thematic 
sectors, as I mentioned, we did BFSI fund, our team strongly 
believed in it. I’m talking about our investment team, strongly 
believed in it in terms of the sheer investment universe which 
is available to invest in that category and given the high 
growth potential of that, over a long period of time in India, 
we are looking at another theme, which is like MNCs and of 
course over a period of time, there could be other 
opportunities as well. 
Abhishek Saraf: Yes, that’s quite clear. Secondly, just your sense in how much 
less do you see this NFO inflow that we have seen, how long 
is the line of sight to that? 
Navneet Munot: So, we have seen these kind of periods, one needs to keep in 
mind the distribution dynamics, one has to keep in mind, some 
of the AMCs which have kind of started recently they need to 
fill their product bouquet, of course the newer AMCs will 
come in and they will be launching products. Having said that, 
we strongly believe that the products which have been around 
for a very long time I talked about our Flexi Cap Fund where 
we celebrated crossing the NAV of 1000, the money has got 
multiplied 100 times in last 25 years. When we look at our 
Balance Advantage Fund, our Top 100 Fund, our Hybrid 
Equity Fund, all of them have long term track records. We 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 40 of 45 
strongly believe over a period of time investors would 
recognize that, they’ve always been recognizing it. And that’s 
why their size is where it is. And I’m sure over a period of 
time investors would have faith in those funds, which have 
displayed good amount of alpha over a long period of time. 
And we have been putting a lot of efforts on that. So, while, 
you hear about the NFOs or even the NFOs that we have done. 
We have done like four of them in last five, six months and 
another one is underway to fill the product gap, but at the same 
time a larger campaign at our end has been Value creation 
equal to STP and that is the sound investment plus time plus 
patience, that’s the formula for wealth creation, and not really 
buying the fad of the season.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from line of Nikhil 
from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Just one question, it’s a continuation of some earlier question 
a participant had asked, over the next 5,10 years and you 
mentioned that there was competition from MNCs and the 
larger guys continue to grow. But sir, if we look at last 10 
years from 2011 to 2020-21, the guys who have cracked the 
model has taken incremental market share from the 
incumbents. And this also goes with the theory that we have 
that generally as the funds become larger outperformance 
becomes a lot more difficult. Now, if we look at over the next 
10 years, what changes or what could be the learning’s which 
you see can be brought in so that over the next 10 years if the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 41 of 45 
industry grows at 10%, 12% maybe we being one of the 
largest incumbents can sustain that 10%, 12% and not grow 
lesser than the industry to what has been, what’s happened 
over the last 10 years? 
Navneet Munot: So, Nikhil around seven or eight years back when this bull 
market started, the overall equity assets that industry was 
managing was close to 2 lakh crores. Today we manage more 
than 2 lakh crores of equity. Even in those days I remember 
the question used to be that, your funds are very large would 
you be able to deliver but funds have delivered. Still, if you 
look at the overall size of the industry versus the market cap 
in India, and of course over the next several years, as large 
number of newer segments get listed, newer businesses get 
listed. We have a very, very long way to go, within that the 
overall assets which are managed by the mutual funds in India 
is not as large as some of the other markets and I’m sure there 
would be opportunity to generate alpha.  
Was that the question, as you said that the newer players have 
gained market share, but that’s been the case, every few years 
you would see some other players growing faster than the 
other players. Maybe based on the performance and couple of 
other initiatives they would have taken. But over a long 
period, for those who are like us has grown reasonably well, 
in the year 1999 -2000, when HDFC AMC got set up, this was 
exactly 21 years back, September 2000. We were the newer 
player. There was the industry with more than 30 players, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 42 of 45 
consisting of some of the largest global asset managers, 
consisting of some of the largest public sector banks, private 
sector banks, AMCs promoted by different players. But over 
the next several years HDFC AMC continued to grow and 
became a market leader. And even at the current size, as I 
mentioned, that it looks like in absolute terms, a large amount 
of money that we have been managing. But if we look at the 
size of the market cap versus the mutual fund AUM, or you 
look at the size of the GDP and the growth that the country 
can have, there is a long way to go. 
Nikhil: 
Sure, where I’m coming from is sir the benchmark which we 
have set in terms of market share, and what most of the 
discussion revolves around market share loss and all, 
considering we being a much larger player and the industry 
growth path being there. And the smaller players having some 
edge over us in terms of growing faster, would the benchmark 
shift to the differential to the industry growth, which we have, 
or would you say, even with this size we can continue to grow 
at the market rate or even grow faster than the market rate. So, 
is it like, our growth over the next 5, 10 years should be more 
in terms of what the market can grow, or the lag will always 
remain, that’s what I’m trying to understand that because of 
our size, and because of a new player being more agile and 
having a much smaller size, maybe he can address more fund, 
versus a larger fund so that 1% or 2%, incremental growth 
may go to him rather than coming to us. So, that’s where I’m 
trying to understand? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 43 of 45 
Navneet Munot: Actually, if you look globally and look at the growth of some 
of the largest players, they have been growing faster than the 
overall industry. And there has been a consolidation. Of 
course, there’s a long tail of players with niche categories. But 
the larger players have been growing pretty well, those who 
have the right kind of product suite, and of course all the other 
capabilities to build the business. And in India also we have 
seen that, our belief is that, we have all the necessary 
ingredients in place, which are required for growth of an asset 
management business. But at the same time do we have a 
particular number in mind in terms of what should be the ideal 
market share, that has to take a lot of boxes. So, scale is 
important for us. But quality of that scale or quality of that 
market share is also important for us for profitability of that is 
also important for us and quality we define in terms of the 
money that we manage on the active equity, active fixed 
income side, the AUM that we gather from individuals, the 
AUM that we gather from B30, the AUM that we that we 
gather from these segments, and that’s very, very important 
for us. As I said that we won’t chase a certain level of market 
share at any cost. That has not been the philosophy at HDFC 
AMC. 
Nikhil: 
Sure. Just, if I am permitted just one question I had. Globally 
if we look at it, I am not very clear but the construct which I 
understand is it’s a much more institutionalized business 
versus a larger retail business which is in India. Would you 
agree with that, because if it’s more institutionalized, as we 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 44 of 45 
had seen during COVID, the institutions or the larger 
corporate will always move towards a safer name or would 
the construct of the global market is different or would be 
similar to what it is in India just to understand how the concept 
differs. 
Navneet Munot: So, in India when you look at the equity funds, the larger 
participation is from individuals in fact, almost the entire 
market is from individuals when it comes to active equity, of 
course on the passive side, you have couple of institutions 
who have started investing into ETFs from 2015 onwards. On 
the fixed income side, a large part of the market is 
institutional, which is like corporate treasuries and some of 
the other institutions, we have a long way to go in terms of 
penetrating the individual market, the fixed income market on 
the individual side. And if you look at the overall size of the 
bank deposits, all the other investments that individuals would 
have versus their holdings of fixed income mutual fund, there 
is a lot of growth potential on that side. On the equity, it is 
largely as I mentioned and is more on the individuals than 
institutions, India doesn’t have those kind of endowment 
funds, the pension and the provident funds who allocate huge 
amount of money to the equities and alternatives, etc. It’s just 
evolving and I’m sure over a period of time, that will also 
happen in India. 
Normally the insurance companies, the annuity providers, the 
pension funds, endowment funds, all of them give money to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 45 of 45 
the asset managers to manage that. In India, some of these are 
regulated by separate regulators and asset managers in India 
like us, have not been able to tap into that market.  
Piyush Surana:  Even retail investors in most foreign jurisdictions come 
through omnibus accounts, they don’t directly come to the 
fund house. In India, actually the regulations require the 
investor to come to the fund house to do the whole KYC of 
each investor and deal directly with the investor. They may 
come through the distributor, but the transaction is with the 
fund house. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that was our last 
question for today. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Navneet Munot for closing comments. 
Navneet Munot: Thank you so much once again and wish you all a very Happy 
Diwali and season’s greetings. And then wish you a very, very 
prosperous New Year. Please take good care of yourself. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset 
Management Company Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
