 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
Corporate Office: Wockhardt Towers, Level — 3, West Wing, C-2, G-Block, Bandra — Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051. Tel: +91 22 4095 9595 I Fax: +91 22 4095 9597. 
Registered Office: 14A, South Phase, Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai – 600 032, Tamil Nadu, India. Tel: +91 44 4852 4666 I Fax: +91 44 4852 5666. 
Website: www.stfc.in I Corporate Identity Number (CIN) — L65191TN1979PLC007874 
 
 
  SEC/FILING/BSE-NSE/21-22/68A-B 
                                           November 03, 2021 
 
 
 
BSE Limited     
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 511218 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/1, G- Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: SRTRANSFIN 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub.: Transcript of investors earnings call for the second quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2021 
Further to our letter dated 30th October 2021, regarding the audio link of the investors earnings call for 
the second quarter and half year ended September 30 2021, we enclose herewith the transcript of the 
said call. The Transcript is also been uploaded on the Company website www.stfc.in 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
VIVEK ACHWAL 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.:a/a. 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited Q2 
FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMESH REVANKAR – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, SHRIRAM TRANSPORT 
FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. SUDARSHAN HOLLA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY 
LIMITED 
MR. P. SRIDHARAN, JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. NILESH ODEDARA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY 
LIMITED 
MR. S. SUNDER - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. PARAG SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY K MUNDRA – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE 
COMPANY LIMITED 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Shriram Transport Finance Limited Q2 
FY22 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Umesh Revankar – Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Thank you. Good morning, friends and good evening to those who have joined from the 
western part of the world. A warm welcome to all of you who have joined this call. I hope all 
of you are healthy and safe.  
Today we have our JMDs, Joint Managing Directors, Mr. Sudarshan, Sridharan, Nilesh, 
Sunder and Parag along with me and Mr. Sanjay who is our IR Head.  
Friends, let me first go through the economic updates, then let me come to the results: 
Most of the states started unlocking almost fully, in the second quarter on the back of 
aggressive vaccination. As stated in the previous quarter goods transportation continues to 
have a good run and not hindered by any kind of lockdowns and with the good freight rates, 
they were able to run their business quite comfortably. There is also a pickup in passenger 
transportation which helped taxi and bus operators to repay their installments regularly. All 
this has helped in improved collections overall. The government has announced several 
policies to support the Indian economy in regaining the momentum. The most important is the 
MSP on various crops which was increased by 2% to 8% and that really helped the rural 
economy. RBI is continuing to come with a lot of positive statements and initiatives. RBI 
issued securitization of Standard Asset Directions, 2021 which will enable greater risk 
distribution and a greater liquidity to the originating lenders. Bank lending to NBFC for 
providing on lending to MSME which was permitted to be classified as priority sector was 
extended till March 31st, 2022. Aa result of all the above factors, we continue to expect Indian 
GDP growth to clock 9.5% for fiscal 2022 in line with the RBI estimates. In line with the same 
several economic indicators were positive in the past quarter. Manufacturing PMI rose from 
contraction in Q1 FY22 to expansion level to 55.3 in July 2021 and remained above crucial 50 
mark being 52.3 and 53.7 in August and September respectively reflecting a pent-up demand. 
Reflecting this index IIP rose 11.5, 11.9 in July and August 2021 respectively. The GST 
collections which were low in June rose about Rs 1 lakh crores mark being at Rs 1.16 lakh 
crores, Rs 1.12 lakh crores and Rs 1.17 lakh crores respectively in the month of July, August 
and September. 
Now coming to the auto industry: 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Commercial vehicles sales was 166,251 unites in Q2 2022 against 133,524 units in Q2 2021, 
an increase of 24% and almost close to the 167,173 in Q2 FY20. The Medium and Heavy 
CV’s grew much faster with 51,740 units against 23,921 units in Q2 FY21 and 40,158 units in 
Q2 FY20. The higher fleet utilization level were visible, greater amount of infrastructure, road 
construction and adding to that cement steel consumption, they were all positive indicators. In 
the new vehicle sales one particular differentiating item what we have witnessed this time is 
the demand for CNG vehicles. The CNG vehicle sales which were 25,729, 26,250 and 23,269 
units for the last three years, being almost constant for around 25,000 units which rose to 
31,529 units in 6 months in this year. That means significantly the new vehicle sales is moving 
towards CNG, and especially in the corridor where CNG is available that is in and around 
Delhi and now Mumbai-Delhi corridor where CNG availability is reasonably good. Majority 
of our staff have been vaccinated and we continue to operate with full strength across India. 
Now, coming to quarter performance: 
  
We clocked a disbursement of Rs 14,869 crores including Rs 493 crores towards new vehicle 
and Rs 14,317 crores towards used vehicle compared to the total disbursement of Rs 6,463 
crores in the previous year. AUM was Rs 121,647 crores compared to Rs 113,346 crores in the 
previous year. Net interest income was Rs 2,193 crores in Q2 against Rs 2025 crores in Q2 last 
year. The net interest margin was 6.44% against 6.38% in the previous quarter and 6.66% in 
the previous year. The profit after tax was Rs 771 crores in Q2 compared to Rs 685 crores in 
the Q2 previous year and Rs 170 crores in the Q1 FY22. The earning per share stood at Rs 
28.71 against Rs 27.79 in the previous year. The collections were consistently good in the 
month of July, August, September. It was 98.05%, 99.56% and 99.49% against the demand 
respectively. The gross stage three NPA stood at 7.82% compared to 6.5% in the previous year 
and 8.18% in Q1 FY22. Previous year we had the advantages of moratorium therefore the 
comparable would-be previous quarter where we have improved. The net stage NPA stood at 
4.18% compared to the 3.69% of previous year and 4.74% in Q1 2022. The Board has decided 
on the dividend of Rs 8 per share. Our liquidity position now stands at Rs 17,228 crores 
against Rs 17,051 crores in the previous quarter. And Board has suggested to continue with 
higher liquidity. 
On growth outlook: 
We still are confident of double-digit growth for the full year. The cost to income ratio was 
20.73% in this quarter and we are likely to maintain our long-term average of 22-23% for the 
full year. The asset quality, we have been very selective in restructuring and have done Rs 
239.62 crores restructuring in this quarter and Rs 369.05 crores was done in the previous 
quarter. We added four branches which now stands at 1,825 and in terms of employee strength, 
we continue to add more number of employees through a business associate method so that we 
can onboard the new employees by giving them fresh training. During the quarter company has 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
not considered any additional credit loss for the COVID. And so far, we have done Rs 2,852 
crores of old provisioning. The long-term strategic initiative like digital roadmap, green 
financing, and creating deeper reach mentioned in the previous quarter by the JMDs, it is in 
good progress and any specific question would be answered by them. 
Now I request that our CFO, Parag Sharma to take the call. Subsequently, Sundar also would 
join the call with the numbers. Thank you. 
Parag Sharma: 
Hello everyone. On the liabilities front, we have focused more on bank borrowing and 
securitization during the quarter. Compared to last quarter the bank loans have gone up 
substantially which is Rs 5,400 crores for the quarter versus Rs 1,300 crores for the previous 
quarter. Securitization which was hampered last year around because of moratorium concerns, 
and all has picked up. This quarter we did Rs 4,200 crores versus Rs 1,600 crores in the 
previous quarter. The volumes we feel will continue to be at around Rs 4,000 to 5,000 crores 
every quarter for the next part of the year. When it comes to the cost of fund, it has come down 
by around 25 basis points for the quarter, that is on the overall liability the cost is down. We do 
have scope to reduce it further by around 15-20 basis points in the next quarter. 
Liquidity as mentioned is high which is good enough for six months of liability repayment. We 
had a policy of three months liabilities to be in liquid cash, but it was enhanced last year 
around. We will look at diluting it by around December to March quarter. We will continue 
with slightly more liquidity for maybe one or two months and then gradually reduce it. The 
incremental cost of fund is at around 7.25%, so that also should have further improvement, we 
should be able to see in next quarter. On the ALM front we continue to have all buckets 
positive, cumulative also is positive and that has been the case in past. I think retail is still 
doing well and we should see further increase in our retail portion of the liabilities. 
Broad breakup of liabilities: 
The bank loans is close to around Rs 42,000 crores, Rs 41,967 crores, to be precise. The 
offshore borrowing including masala and ECB loans is around Rs 22,900 crores. Domestic 
capital market is Rs 23,000 crores and deposit is close to around Rs 20,000 crores. That is the 
broad list of liabilities. 
I think that is it for my side. I will pass it on to Sundar now. 
S. Sundar: 
The cost of income ratio for the quarter was 20.73% as against 19.11% in June quarter. 
Primarily the increase has been on account of royalty in the current quarter which was minimal 
at the previous quarter on account of the lower profits in the previous quarter. The employee 
count has been stable in the current quarter, and we have vaccinated more than 92% of the 
employees at least with one dose of COVID-19 vaccination. And we have done OTR-2 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
totaling to Rs 608 crores and in the OTR-1 we had done Rs 551 crores. The total OTR stands 
at Rs 1,159 crores as on 30th September which is less than 1% of the total AUM. And we are 
holding adequate provisioning in respect of these assets. The stage three was at 7.82% and the 
next stage three was 4.18% as on 30th September as against the gross stage three of 8.18% in 
June and next stage three of 4.74 in June. And the coverage ratio has been increased to 48.57% 
as against 44.16% in the previous quarter. And the stage one in the current quarter was 79.39% 
as against 77.29% in the previous quarter. There has been an improvement in the stage two 
also which is now at 12.79% as against 14.53% in the previous quarter. We have maintained a 
coverage rate of 3.28% in stage one assets and 9.66% in the stage two assets. On the PD for 
stage one was at 7.34% as against previous quarter of 7.35%. And for stage two the PD was 
22.06% as against 22.17% in the previous quarter. The LGD remained at 45.10% as against 
45.2% in the previous quarter. The COVID related provisioning was maintained at 2853 crores 
and no addition was there in the current quarter. And we are holding more than the RBI 
required provisioning which as per the Ind-AS we are holding Rs 9,258 crores as against IRAC 
norm of Rs 3,008 crores which translates into Rs 6,249 crores of excess portioning that we are 
carrying on the books. And the capital adequacy has been healthy. Thanks to the EQIS and the 
provisional offer to the promoters. Now it's stands at 21.06% in the Tier-1 and 2.15% in the 
Tier-2 totaling to 23.21%. 
With this we hand it over for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Rikin Shah from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Rikin Shah: 
I have four questions. First, I just wanted to get a sense of how the vehicle capacity utilization 
of trucks for our customers is moving in this quarter versus last and versus the March quarter? 
The reason why I ask is that the new AUM is still down 8% sequentially and has been 
declining quarter after quarter. Just want to get a sense on when do we expect the new truck 
sales to kind of start picking up over AUM? 
 Second question was on the freight rates and the fuel cost. Of course, the gap has been 
narrowing between the two, but we do hear that the freight rates despite of increase since the 
COVID second wave has not kept up pace with the fuel. So, wanted to get a sense of what kind 
of freight rate movements you are seeing in your customer segment, and should we expect 
more freight rate increase in the coming months? 
The third question is on the asset quality part. The provision coverage has been consistently 
increasing on the stage three. Just wanted to get a sense that given our stage three ratio has not 
really moved much. Is there a particular kind of target coverage level that you intend to kind of 
operate it and subsequently bring down? 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
And lastly, it's just a clarification question for Parag sir. Did I hear correctly that the 
incremental cost of funds was 7.25%? That's it. Thank you. 
Parag Sharma: 
The incremental cost is right, 7.25%. 
Umesh Revankar: 
On the utilization level, see the rate utilizations have improved from the previous quarter. If 
you are comparing with January to March quarter, the utilization level came down in the 
month of April and May because of the sudden increase in COVID and this time the COVID 
travelled to the rural area. So, there were challenges because many of the drivers they hail from 
the rural belt and from backward areas and because of that the driver availability was a 
challenge for large fleet operators. For individual operators there was no challenge at all. The 
utilization level for individual operators was quite good. So therefore, we had a consistently 
good collection. And as far as the vehicle sales are concerned, we believe the vehicle demand 
will go up significantly in the next couple of quarters. But our estimation is that the overall 
vehicle sales would be around 20% more than the previous year. It may reach the FY20 level 
but not go beyond FY20 level. But still there is a scope for that kind of a growth. And as I was 
telling you that many of the customers are shifting to CNG. Not only new CNG, they are also 
fitting the CNG kit for their existing vehicle. CNG cost is Rs. 50, that is around 50% of diesel 
cost and thereby they bring down the operational cost by nearly 50%. It all depends upon the 
CNG availability. Right now, the CNG availability is good in the corridor of Ahmedabad to 
Delhi. But now last couple of months, there has been new CNG availability in Baroda to 
Mumbai. Therefore, Mumbai to Delhi corridor almost CNG is available at shorter distance. 
Similarly, it is now available till Kanpur in UP and likely that they are completing the Delhi-
Kolkata corridor. Then from Mumbai they are extending towards Bangalore now up to Pune 
and beyond Pune CNG is available. It's  only the availability that will create the demand for 
CNG vehicle. So, I feel ultimately people would move towards CNG or even the LNG because 
the LNG is more efficient than CNG as far as the carrying is concerned. Because LNG, they 
can carry double the size. In the same tank double the quantity can be carried. So, LNG 
availability is a challenge in India especially LNG stations. I think maybe next two to three 
years many new vehicles would move towards CNG and LNG. And even the existing vehicles 
people would try to replace it. So, you will have a solution apart from 20% ethanol mix which 
government is trying. Now already 10% mix has been tried. So, environment friendly fuel 
would be used for the vehicles and also it will be cheaper. So, the diesel cost going up is also 
another way of moving people towards the alternative fuels. So, I feel the overall demand for 
the vehicle would go up as infrastructure projects are going on steam very fast. The other most 
important thing is coal. Last three years you would have noticed that coal production in India 
was almost stalled. And with the government taking new initiatives and allowing privatization 
of coal, a lot of coal producing areas are getting demand. This time because of the extended 
monsoon most of the coal producing areas were inundated with water they could not really 
produce. And now there is an urgency especially in the Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orissa, there 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
is a big push for coal production. So, I expect that will lead to more utilization or more demand 
for vehicles. So overall, I feel the vehicle demand will go up significantly in the next one year. 
As far as the asset quality is concerned, the Board and the management, we have decided to 
bring it down, the state three to below 7% by March, stage three. Not gross. Net we want to 
bring it below 4%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sudhanshu Mishra from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Sudhanshu Mishra: 
I just want to understand how many vehicles have we enhanced in this particular quarter, and 
new vehicles and used vehicles? And if I look at the disbursements run rate, they are pretty 
much at 2018 run rate right now which was a stellar year for us. So, is that the normalized run 
rate that we should model for the balance of FY22 as well as FY23? And also, the approximate 
number of vehicle contracts put up every quarter? If you can throw some light on these fronts? 
Umesh Revankar: 
The quantum of disbursement we have given you. Numbers we don't have immediately. You 
can reach Sanjay for the number of contracts, but you can take an average used vehicle ticket 
size is around 4 to 5 lakhs and new vehicle is around 7 to 8 lakhs, so that is a rough estimation 
I can give you. 
Sudhanshu Mishra: 
And run rate you said is it going to be similar? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Disbursement run rate will be almost similar for the next two quarters. Normally second half 
we, 60%, 40:60, so in that ratio the second half should be higher disbursement. 
Sudhanshu Mishra: 
And FY23? 
Umesh Revankar: 
FY23 we expect much bigger disbursement mainly because all the economic indicators project 
that FY23 is going to be large. And back on a 9.5% growth this year, if we are able to grow at 
around 8% to 9% next year, then the demand for the vehicles will be good. See here, I would 
like to mention the Pratishakti Yojana which PM has announced, that is going to have a huge 
impact on the demand for the vehicles. One, they are trying to bring various transport corridors 
in various locations nearer to the manufacturing area, so that the manufacturing and the 
transportation goes seamlessly for export and import. So that is one big plan. So, with that the 
impetus for logistics growth in India will be high. And the second part is if you look at last 
quarter there was Rs 100 billion export by India and Indian agricultural export grew by 21.8%. 
So that is a very big thing. I feel from hinterland agricultural produce goes to international 
level through export, that is going to create a large movement of goods. And we feel that FY23 
can be a good growth momentum for the goods movement. 
Sudhanshu Mishra: 
If I can just squeeze in one last question, what would be the percentage of repeat customers for 
our new vehicles and percentage of repeat customers for our old vehicles? 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, repeat customers for new vehicle, most of the new vehicles are our existing used vehicle 
customers. We normally don't go to any counter, or we don't have arrangement with any 
manufacturing company for a new vehicle financing. So, you can say that almost 100% of our 
new vehicle customers, when I say 100%, near to 100% will be our existing used vehicle 
customer. And used vehicle customers, the repeat customers would be around 60%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashanth Sridhar from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Prashanth Sridhar: 
In terms of capacity utilization how far you would say we are from FY18 or FY17 levels 
before the cycle turned and when do you expect the cycle to turn positive again going forward? 
Umesh Revankar: 
The base here FY18 is a good indicator because that's the time when we increased the carrying 
capacity by 15%. That means all the existing vehicles could carry 15% more weight. And 
therefore, there was an excess carrying capacity built and the economic slowdown also added 
to the challenge. We are still continuing with some kind of an excess capacity in certain 
pockets, not all pockets, in certain segments. But overall, I feel the growth is coming back and 
where people need to change to new vehicle because of some of the contracts insist that more 
than three years old cannot be used for transportation, there people are going for a newer 
vehicle. But rest everywhere the carrying capacity is adequate right now. So, if the economic 
growth continues to do well, like RBI estimation of 9.5, I believe next year there will be a huge 
demand for new vehicles. At present, I feel the carrying capacity is adequate and the utilization 
levels are good. It is not underutilized now. They are able to use most of the existing capacity. 
Prashanth Sridhar: 
That's helpful. If you could just give us some idea on the reposition trends in this and last 
quarter versus what used to be done before? And just one other question, on the new RBI 
securitization guidelines, the profit from direct assignment is not included now in the network 
calculation. Does that affect the capital adequacy product and to what extent? That’s it from 
my side. 
S. Sundar: 
As far as the assignment guidelines are concerned, anyway it will not have any material impact 
on the capital adequacy. So, our assigned portfolio is hardly anything compared to the overall 
securitization that we do. It should not have any impact on the capital adequacy. 
Umesh Revankar: 
On the reposition, surprisingly reposition is low. Maybe because the utilization are high. See, 
reposition happens only when the utilization levels are low. And we did not see any increase in 
reposition. You will recall last year at the same time, there was an anticipation that moment the 
moratorium is lifted over, lot of vehicles would be repossessed and sold by the financial 
entities including banks, that was the assessment made. In fact, reposition has come down in 
the last four quarters. I don't really see a big jump in reposition anyway for that matter. 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Because we have Shriram Automall where they have an arrangement for parking of 
repossessed vehicles. We do not see any increase in any repossessed vehicles at all. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
The first question was regarding an earlier question, something about freight rates and diesel 
cost and the movement. That wasn't answered, so you could answer that it will be helpful. 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, freight rates have been moving up on par with diesel price. What happens in the freight 
rate is, all the perishable goods, vegetables, etc., the increase in fuel price gets passed on to the 
end consumer immediately. That's why you see that the vegetables price increasing 
immediately when the fuel price increases. Because even if 2% of the vehicles do not ply, the 
perishable goods remain where it is and therefore people end up paying. Either a farmer or a 
producer will end up paying or the consumer ends up paying. It has no impact on the 
transporters per se. On the manufacturing goods typically, the contract will include escalation 
clause for every increase in the diesel price. It can be weekly, or it can be monthly. But 
nowadays escalation clause are mostly weekly. Therefore, there will be a temporary challenge 
for the transporter but over the period it gets adjusted. So, transporter per se do not take the 
burden of the increase. It is either consumer or manufacturer producer who takes the burden of 
the increase in the fuel price. However, there are smart operators who would like to use this 
opportunity. When the freight rate is fixed at diesel price, a cleverer person can use CNG 
vehicles and make more profit. That is the clever businessman. And there are people who are 
fitting CNG kits. So, the people who are clever and businesspeople, they make use of this to 
make higher profits. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
I will ask my questions; they are both interlinked. You had said that you are going to reduce 
GNPA significantly, stage three assets. Do you expect cumulative collection efficiency to go 
over 100% over the next few quarters to enable you to do that? That's question number one. 
And linked to that is your liquidity policy but any chance tied to the collection efficiency 
numbers, or how do you calibrate it? That's it for my side 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, normally collections in the second half is better than the first half mainly because the agri 
output comes festive period agri output all will help people to earn more. So, even if there are 
some small outstanding earlier that gets paid in the second half. And last year also, if you 
remember our number January to March our collection was more than 100%. So, normally we 
tend to have more than 100% collection in the second half of the year. So, we expect the 
collection to really improve. 
S. Sundar: 
The second question is liquidity. I think it’s more correlation to collection though that can have 
some bearing but more to do with the overall liquidity in the system and any concerns on the 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
sector, nothing directly linked. It was a tough scenario last year around when we decided to 
increase the liquidity buffers from three months to six months. We are continuing with that. 
Though things have eased out a lot, we will look at diluting it, as I mentioned in the earlier 
comment but maybe towards the Q4. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just one question which I had. If I heard you right, during your opening remarks you suggested 
that we are looking at a double-digit kind of a growth in AUM in this year. Let's say if I were 
to try to juxtapose that with the comment that you just made, that collections are indeed better 
in the second half of the fiscal year, which is to suggest that the runoff that you typically see, 
which I must admit has been largely very-very stable for you, would we hire in the second 
half? So, to that extent, would it be fair to assume that disbursements in the second half of the 
fiscal year will be materially higher? Because I was just looking up, typically our 
disbursements in the first half and the second half of the fiscal year have in the past been in 
that range of, let's say either 50-50 or 45-50. Can this year be what you suggested sometime 
back 40-60 kind of a split between H1 and H2 disbursements? And maybe a related question 
here, 15000 crores of disbursement is what we have been seeing in Q4, in Q2 of this fiscal year 
and probably the highest ever level of disbursements that we have been clocking. In the past 
year you have always suggested that this growth in disbursement can be achieved through 
deeper penetration and increase in number of branches. So, where is it going to come from? Is 
it volumes or is it actually price increases that you are looking for which will help sustain 
better disbursement momentum in the second half of the fiscal year? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Mostly what happens is, collections in the second half are better and whatever the small 
outstanding remains in the first half that gets paid in the second half, therefore, the collection 
goes up. So, it will not increasingly reduce your AUM because there may not be a big link 
between reduction and AUM because of the collection. But having said that, disbursement as 
you rightly put it, the ticket size have gone up, the vehicle prices have increased significantly 
because of the BS6. The average increase in the price is around 15%. One is BS6. And second, 
steel prices also has increased by around 50% over the previous year. And therefore, the 
component size gone up and vehicle prices are going up. So, we expect the increased vehicle 
price also will have a bearing on the used vehicle prices. So, on an average, used vehicle prices 
have gone up by around 15% to 20% because of the weight. And the increase in price has been 
especially used vehicle in LCDs. The prices have steeply increased by around 25% to 30%. In 
heavy vehicle the increase has been a little less 10% to 15%. So, that will help us because even 
though we will be very conservative in our lending up to only 70% of the LTV because of the 
vehicle price going up the ticket size also will go up to that extent. So, additional around 3% to 
4% AUM will grow because of the ticket size going up. And as we have seen in the last year, 
the fourth quarter our disbursement was almost Rs 16,000 crores last year. So, we should be 
able to reach to that level in the third quarter itself if the environment is very positive and if the 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
COVID wave three doesn't disturb the economic activity. So, we feel that disbursement would 
be, of course I can’t take first quarter into consideration, but we had a good first quarter. So, it 
should be 40:60 is what I believe. But as you right put it, normally it is 45:55 for us. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
A last question, do we have any updates that we can share on the merger? And the reason I ask 
is, from time to time we keep hearing that at least from a thought process we are clear that we 
want to do this merger and then maybe we are kind of trying to work on the modalities which 
will be involved in the merger. If you could maybe share some updates if you have any? 
Umesh Revankar: 
As you have rightly put it, we have been debating on the merger. See, both the entities are 
doing well. They have a good growth opportunity. They have a niche presence. So, we 
continue to run business the way we had been running, but there are opportunities. Like, if one 
plus one it is above two or if it is three or four, then that synergy should help all the 
stakeholders. That is the argument. So, we are only looking at what are the synergies we have 
if we come together. Whether we can give a better deal to all the stakeholders, employees, 
customers. If yes, then we will look for the merger. So, that's how the discussion is going on. 
And maybe we will try to come to some conclusion at the earliest on the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Yes. First question is on the asset quality, so clearly our performance is probably far superior 
in what we have seen from there in the past few years despite the COVID impact and the 
outlook also remains fairly benign. So, in that case, should we see a material drop in our credit 
cost in the second half? 
Umesh Revankar: 
The credit cost should only improve. If you observe the number for the quarter the credit cost 
was 1.91 and for the first quarter, it was around 4%. So, it is around 3% for half year. We 
expect the credit cost to below last year’s level. Last year it was 2.48% by the year end. So, we 
expect it to be below that by the year end. 
Umang Shah: 
Second thing was, I just want it to reconcile the restructured loan number. Did I hear correctly 
when Sundar sir mentioned that OTR-2 number was Rs 608 crores and OTR-1 was Rs 550 
crores, so total is about Rs 1000 crores, is that correct? 
Umesh Revankar: 
You are right. 
Umang Shah: 
But our presentation mentions outstanding total restructured was Rs 608 crores. 
S. Sundar: 
That is only for the OTR-2. We have not mentioned OTR-1 in the presentation. OTR-1 is Rs 
551 crores, both together is Rs 1,000 crores odd. 
Umang Shah: 
And would this be classified under stage two or stage one? 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
S. Sundar: 
It has been classified as stage two and the necessary provisions pertaining to stage two has 
been applied. 
Umang Shah: 
Last data keeping question, if you could just share the disbursements breakup, sorry I missed it 
in the opening remarks? 
Sanjay Mundra: 
The new vehicle is Rs 4,933.9 million. Used vehicle is Rs 143,170.6 million and other is Rs 
584 million. The total is 148,688.5 million. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piyush from Serendip. Please go ahead. 
Piyush: 
The credit outcomes over the last 12 months have been really exceptional for Shriram. Just like 
to understand a little bit as to how this has happened because ever since the NPA norms went 
from 180 to 90 days, we had a tough time adjusting. But the last 12 months have been pretty 
exceptional. So, just wanted some understanding of what's actually happened on the ground 
that these outcomes have been so much better. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Let us understand the business model. Our customers are individual operators and owner 
operators. They are not dependent on driver or outside labor. One of the family member drives 
the vehicle, So, during the COVID period they were able to operate without depending on any 
outside labor or driver. That was the biggest positive for our customer base. And most of them 
are in last mile reach or essentially transportation. The demand for essentials remained 
throughout strong and therefore their business model did not get hampered. So, they were able 
to operate. And the third, we did not allow our staff to remain at home and make the call from 
home for collection. Immediately after the initial lockdown was over, we opened all the offices 
and asked our staff to join for their duty. Even though we maintained the COVID protocol, 
social distancing, masking, etc., we did try to reach out to the customer depending upon their 
convenience. We did not try to barge into their homes, but we always are in touch with 
customers and customers also responded by doing the business in this opportune time. And 
they were able to earn well, and our executives were able to reach them and collect wherever 
required. And also, the digital initiatives which we had taken four years back after the 
demonetization that also has helped. More than 50% of our customers today they are 
comfortable doing a digital transaction. So, all these factors have really helped us. And we 
have been very consistent in our collections. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Bhavnani from White Oak. Please go ahead. 
Anand Bhavnani: 
Just wanted to understand our securitization quantum in the context of high liquidity that we 
are maintaining. So, on one hand we have very high liquidity, on the other hand we have done 
securitization this quarter and then you are projecting it for the next two quarters. So, if you 
can reconcile these two contradicting things and how do you think about the balance? 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Parag Sharma: 
I think we will not link only securitization to liquidity overall fund mobilization. I think we 
mentioned that we will bring down liquidity. Securitization is a fast run off portfolio also. 
Though we have done around Rs 4,200 crores of securitization but securitization outstanding 
per se has not gone up. So, it’s a fast run off tool. So, we should not link that to liquidity. It’s 
bank borrowing also which has contributed to larger liquidity. We will look at rationalizing 
overall liquidity as I mentioned from December onwards. So, irrespective of Rs 4,000 to Rs 
5000 crores of securitization this liquidity buffers will not go up because it runs off very fast. 
Anand Bhavnani: 
And given that currency system wide credit growth, are you seeing a better chance for yourself 
when you do securitization because lot of banks would be keen to increase their exposure, loan 
growth? Are you seeing terms and rates being better than let’s say pre COVID for you when it 
comes to securitization? 
S. Sundar: 
Securitization what we do is largely for priority sector shortfall of banks. So, the rates will 
definitely be far better than any other borrowing what we do. So as long as there is a priority 
sector demand, I think rates will continue to be the cheapest when it comes to this particular 
source of fund. 
Anand Bhavnani: 
My question was slightly different, vis-à-vis pre-COVID are you getting better rates? 
S. Sundar: 
I think it will be similar rates, not substantially different. Last year around we were not able to 
get better rates. It is I think back to the pre-COVID levels now. 
Anand Bhavnani: 
Can you contrast, if you were to fund through securitization, how is the cost of funding, 
approximately how much it is lower as compared to direct bank funding? 
S. Sundar: 
It will be around 100 basis points lower. 
Anand Bhavnani: 
Lastly overall when it comes the merge, the thought process is there but in terms of timeline, is 
there an actual time like whether by next year this has to happen. Is there that kind of a thought 
process, can you give some color on that? 
Umesh Revankar: 
We are yet to draw our plan. We have not finalized any scheme so far. Once we finalize the 
scheme then we need to take with respect to Board approval. Then the process will start. So, 
nothing is in finalization at this stage now. 
Anand Bhavnani: 
But there's no thinking that this has to happen by let's say 2023, 2024 or 2025. Is there a 
thought process around the timeline? 
Umesh Revankar: 
We need to decide on the advantages and benefits to all the stakeholders, then only we will 
draw the scheme. That is still in the process. 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Could you just give some details on the vintage of the book on the used side? And if any 
perceptible change you have seen in last couple of years or three years? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Vintage-wise it is actually becoming younger and younger. The fleet started becoming young. 
Our portfolio are also becoming young. Because after the initial NJT recommendation of 10-
year that this green tribunal in Delhi, we started lending up to only 10 years old vehicle. Earlier 
we used to lend up to 12 years. So, the fleet have become younger, so on an average now the 
fleet average age should be around six to seven years versus eight to nine years in the previous 
year. So that should be the average vintage. 
Sameer Bhise: 
And any material gap between the PV and the CV side? 
Umesh Revankar: 
There will be. PV will be much younger because normally the personal vehicle passenger 
vehicles would be much younger and also, we have more new vehicle components. So, on an 
average the passenger vehicle will be definitely four to five years whereas the goods would be 
little older.  
Sameer Bhise: 
And secondly, any sense on operating costs as we go ahead given that growth is expected to be 
strong. So, that's my last question. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Operating costs will remain almost same. Last two quarters, it was actually better than the 
average. Now our average cost to income is say around 22-23. And it has been around 20 now. 
But I think we will be on the long-term average. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishnendu Saha from Quantum AMC. Please go ahead. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Just a couple of understandings, for the first time I see the rural book has more than 50% of the 
AUM. How does it apply for the age of the spreads of the business going ahead we should be 
able to maintain? And how is the ECLGS book of Rs 7.2 billion which we had given how is 
that behaving? These are the first two questions, then I have another question later. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Rural portfolio have been consistently doing well and increasingly most of our new branches, 
if you observe in the last three years most of the branches have come into rural area, which is, 
we had the rural center, that got converted into rural branches. Typically, we merge two or 
three rural centers into one branch and increase our branch network. So, the portfolio in the 
rural is consistently going up. And since the agri output has been strong in the last three years, 
there is a bigger demand. And also because of this road network. The road network into rural 
areas, Pradhan Mantri Road plan that has made the road reach to most of the villages. That is 
creating a demand in the deep rural pockets, and we continue to grow there. We feel that 
growth opportunity is much-much bigger there and we will continue to grow, and we have 809 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
rural branches, rural centers now. That will, over the period get converted and we will have 
better network in the rural. And we will keep adding more rural centers going forward. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
How does it compare to the yields or the spreads? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yield would be better in rural. It gives us 1%-2% more yield in the rural, even though ticket 
size is small. And the operating cost could be a little higher because of that. So, on an average 
it amounts to almost the same. But there is a scope for us to further increase the yield if 
required. So, that is the advantage. As far as the ECLGS is concerned, it has been stable. We 
did not see much adverse challenges there. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
One observation also, I am just trying to understand, at the end of Q4 we had 2.12 million 
customers. Today we have 2.1 million customers. Our disbursement has grown, our AUM has 
grown. Sir, how do I understand these numbers? How should I reconcile these numbers, can 
you help me please? 
Umesh Revankar: 
The ticket size have gone up. The number of customers have not gone up, but the ticket size 
has gone up. And the recent prices of the vehicles and also new vehicle prices as I was 
explaining you, around 75% increase in the price of the new vehicles because of the BS-6 and 
the steel price, that contributed to the higher tickets. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
But wouldn't our number of customers, if the economy picks up, with the number of customers 
who would be there, which will be again in the next presentation, will that number increase 
drastically, or you see it at the same level? 
Umesh Revankar: 
It will increase now because as we are adding more the new branches automatically number of 
customers will improve. And maybe next six months, you will see, we also have other plans to 
add more number of customers. We are trying to bring over some new products to add more 
customers. So, you will see that number of customers will increase in the next six months. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Last question from my side, the gearing, which is at still 4.3-4.4x, how do we look at that 
going ahead? 
S. Sundar: 
We always want to keep it below 5. So, I don't think there would be substantial increase in 
gearing. As of now liquidity will be utilized for increase in business volume, so gearing may 
not go up. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
One more if I can squeeze in. Working capital loan would it come back to that 2%-2.5%, low 
right now. So, will that again inch up or we will still below 2 for the coming years ahead? 
Umesh Revankar: 
As the economy opens up, opportunities there will definitely the working capital requirement 
will go up. As of now, we are controlling it because one of the reasons is we wanted to see 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
how the COVID impact is panning out. And once we are able to overcome that, we should be 
able to fulfill our requirement of working capital be made. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanket Chheda from B&K. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Chheda: 
My first question was just reconfirming the exit GNPA guidance that you gave. We are 
currently at 7.8%, you are saying we will exit at 7%. Is that right? 
Umesh Revankar: 
We are targeting at below 7% by March. 
Sanket Chheda: 
The other thing was again on liquidity. Now it's pretty counter intuitive that had reached (+) 
100% collection, I believe in the last month of last quarter, and then this quarter all the three 
months were relatively closer to 100% only and going ahead also we are guiding that 
collections are likely to be above 100%. Then what is making us keep the liquidity buffer so 
higher. Its alarmingly higher around 16% to 18% as our peers have already started reducing on 
it meaningfully per se from 1% one-quarter that level. So, that is second. And third, again on 
the merger and related things that you said, So, that one plus one will be equal to two or three, 
that seems pretty, or maybe somewhat not convincing as much. Can you just highlight 2-3 very 
good reasons which can be achieved by way of this merger? 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, as far as the liquidity is concerned, if you look at the expectation of the international 
rating agencies, we have raised money in the international market. In fact, Moody’s were 
expecting to keep the NBFCs around 12 months maturity in hand. That was their expectation 
in the COVID. Now it has come down. So, slowly Board also wanted us to keep six months 
maturity as a liquid buffer, and that's the reason that we have been keeping liquidity. And as 
Parag rightly put it, by Q4 we will try to reduce it to some extent and put it into business. That 
will give us a little more gearing into our activity. And as far as the merger is concerned, see 
this is something which we are discussing, debating and trying to figure out and give a most 
advantageous situation to all the stakeholders. So that's how we are working out. So, the 
customers and employees and all the other investor shareholders should benefit out of it. When 
I say that that means that what advantages we have now, what further advantages we will get 
in the merged entity is something which we are envisaging so that we come out with a concrete 
plan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Umesh Revankar for closing comments. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Thank you for joining the call this time. And as I was alluding to you, next two quarters are 
likely to be much bigger because we see a very good environment. COVID wave three is not 
being there, and more than 100 crores vaccinated is extremely positive and government is also 
proactive to the business, and we believe with one large privatization of Air India, there will be 

 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
October 30, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
more private capital coming into India for investment and further economic activity which will 
lead into bigger scope and opportunity for the growth. And we will be definitely participating 
in the growth journey, and we are very confident and bullish on our growth. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Shriram Transport Finance, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
