GREENPANEf
The Manager
Nationalstock Exchange of lndia Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E),
Mumbai- 400051
Symbol- GREENpANEL
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Conference call transcript
Please find enclosed conference call Transcript in respect of conference call for lnvestors and
Analysts held on october 27, 2o2L, on the unaudited financial results of Greenpanel
lndustries Limited for the quarter and harf year ended september 30,2021..
The same is arso being made avairabre on the website of the company at
www.green pa nel.com/i nvestor_conference-call_tra nscript/.
Thanking You,
GPtL/202L-2022
October 29,2021.
The Manager
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalalstreet
Mumbai-400001
Scrip Code:..542851
Encl.: As above
Yours faithfully,
For GREENpANEL TNDUSTRTES LtMITED
I
lAnur,l-fa"q
(Lawkush praAad)
www.greenponel.com
Connectwithuson f , 
O
Greenponel lndustries Limited
Corporote Off ce: Thopor House,
2nd Floor, 163, S.P. Mukherjee Rood
Kolkoto, West Bengol - 700026
Tel No : +91 33 4Oa4 0600
F : +9I 33 2464 5525
ACS:18675
BuslnessOffice: 3rd Floor, Plot No. 68, I ReglsteredOffce:
Sector-44, Gurugrom-122O03, Horyono, I wotum Rood, Tinsukio 786125, Assom
Tel No.: +91 l?4 4784600 
| CIN L20IOOAS2OI7PLC0I8272
F, +91 124 4744699 
|
Emoil: info@greenponel.com 
I

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
Greenpanel Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 27, 2021 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY 
’22 earnings conference call of Greenpanel Industries Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir. 
Rishab Barar: 
Good Day everyone and thank you for joining us on the Greenpanel 
Industries’ Q2 and H1 FY ’22 conference call. We have with us today 
Mr. Shobhan Mittal, Managing Director, and Mr. V. Venkatramani, 
CFO. Before we begin, I would like to state that some statements made 
in today’s discussion maybe forward looking in nature and may involve 
risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available 
in the result presentation that was sent to you earlier. I would now like 
to invite Mr. Shobhan Mittal to begin the proceedings of the call. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you Rishab. A very warm Welcome to everyone present and 
thank you very much for joining us today to discuss Greenpanel’s 
operating and financial performance for Quarter-2 for the Financial 
Year 2022. I take this opportunity to wish all a very Happy Diwali in 
advance. I do hope that all of you and your families are safe and well. 
Business momentum accelerated in Quarter-2 with the pace of 
vaccinations picking up. Net sales were up 87% year-on-year at Rs. 
408.5 crore. Gross margins were up 30 basis points year-on-year at 
56.5% as we took price increases to compensate for increase in raw 
material costs. EBITDA margins were up by 697 basis points at 28.2% 
due to operational leverage, continuous focus on superior product mix, 
and cost optimization. PAT is up by 265% year-on-year to Rs. 67.06 
crore. Net working capital days at 14 days has shown a reduction of 
21 days compared to the year-on-year quarter. Net debt has reduced 
by 129 crores during the quarter and stands at Rs. 229 crores as on 
September 30, 2021. We have prepaid four installments of the German 

 
Page 2 of 19 
 
bank, LBBW loan, amounting to € 8.91 million, that equates to Rs 78 
crores during October 2021 and are targeting to be net debt free for 
the existing business during Financial Year 2023. I will now request 
Mr. Venkatramani to run you through the financials in greater detail. 
V. Venkatramani: Good Afternoon everyone. I thank you all for joining us to discuss the 
Q2 FY ’22 financial performance of Greenpanel Industries. I wish all of 
you and your families a very Happy and Safe Diwali. 
In Q2, our top line increased by 87% at Rs. 408.51 crores. MDF sales 
grew by 102.4% at Rs. 335.34 crores and contributed 82% of the top 
line. MDF sales volumes grew by 66.9% at 1,37,044 cubic meters. 
MDF domestic revenues were 250.32 crore while exports contributed 
84.70 crore. MDF domestic volumes were 92,144 cubic meters while 
export volumes were 44,900 cubic meters. 
Domestic realizations were up by 19% at Rs. 27,167 per cubic meter 
and export realizations were up by 31% at Rs. 18,863 a cubic meter. 
Blended MDF realizations were up by 22% at Rs. 24,446 per cubic 
meter. Uttarakhand MDF unit operated at 94%, AP plant operated at 
96% with blended capacity utilization of 95% for both plants. Plywood 
sales grew by 38.4% at Rs. 73.17 crore. Plywood sales volumes 
increased by 22.4% at 2.62 million square meter and the unit operated 
at 92% during the quarter. Plywood sales realizations were up by 
13.41% at Rs. 279 per square meter. 
In Q2, gross margin increased by 30 basis points year-on-year at 
56.5%. Gross profit value increased by 88% at Rs. 230.90 crores as 
compared to 122.85 crores in the year-on-year quarter. EBITDA 
margins were up 697 basis points at 28.2% compared to 21.3% during 
the corresponding quarter. EBITDA in value terms grew by 148.3% at 
Rs. 115.29 crores compared to Rs. 46.43 crores during the 
corresponding quarter.  
Profit after tax increased by 265% at Rs. 67.06 crore versus Rs. 18.40 
crore in the corresponding quarter. 
I will now move onto the performance details for H1 2022. During H1, 
net sales grew by 132.3% at Rs. 708.04 crores compared to Rs. 
304.76 crores in H1 FY ’21. MDF sales increased by 153.7% at Rs. 
589.59 crores while plywood sales grew by 63.7% at Rs. 118.45 
crores. Gross margins were up by 353 basis points at 56.4% compared 
to 52.8% in H1 ’21. Gross margin value was up 147.9% at Rs. 399.19 
crores against at 161.05 crores in the corresponding period. EBITDA 
margins were up by 1326 basis points at 26.1% compared to 12.8% in 
H1 FY ’21. EBITDA in value terms increased by 373% at Rs. 184.52 
crores as against Rs. 39.01 crores in the corresponding period. Post 
tax profits were up by 635% at Rs. 96.80 crore. 

 
Page 3 of 19 
 
MDF sales volumes were up by 113.1% at 2,49,779 cubic meters with 
blended capacity utilization of the two plants at 93% compared to 40% 
in H1 FY ’21. Dispatches for plywood increased by 50.2% at 4.37 
million square meters as compared to 2.91 million square meters with 
capacity utilization at 77% compared to 50% in the corresponding 
period.  
Our gross debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.42 as on September 30, 
2021, compared to 0.79 as on September 30, 2020. Net debt reduced 
by Rs. 147 crores during the half year to Rs. 229 crores as on 
September 30, 2021. That concludes my presentation. 
I would now request you to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Chirag Lodaya from 
ValueQuest Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on great set of 
numbers. Sir, my first question was on can you help us break up of 
North as well as South plants volume realization as well as margins? 
V. Venkatramani: For the North plant, domestic volumes 41,579 cubic meters with 
realizations at 29,258. For the South plant, domestic volumes were 
50,565 with realizations at 25,448. On the export front, North plant had 
510 cubic meters at Rs. 33,630 per cubic meter and South plant had 
44,389 cubic meters at Rs. 18,693. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Sir, in terms of margins, North as well as South? 
V. Venkatramani: The Uttarakhand plant had an EBITDA margin of 27.84% and the 
Andhra plant had an EBITDA margin of 33.49%, but this included 
currency gains of 1.05%, so excluding that EBITDA margin for the 
South plant was 32.44%. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Sir, second question was looking at the current supply chain disruption 
overall what we are seeing in raw material inflation, what is your 
outlook on overall volume as well margin for H2? 
V. Venkatramani: We expect to operate at full capacity utilization during the balance six 
months, and for a part of the period, we will also have the benefit of 
enhanced capacity, which is expected to be completed during Q3, so 
on existing capacity I think we will be above 100% capacity utilization 
in the second half of the year and on the enhanced capacity, we will 
probably be somewhere between 90% to 95%. 

 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Since you will be adding 1,20,000 cubic meter in Q3 and you are 
saying that for H2 you will be able to utilize that capacity also at 90%-
95%? 
V. Venkatramani: No, that capacity will probably be available only for on a quarterly basis 
only for Q4, so probably in Q4 we should do somewhere between 90% 
to 95% of the expanded capacity. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Sir, on overall margins, how to look for H2? 
V. Venkatramani: It will depend upon raw material prices. Till date, we have been able to 
take price increases to compensate for raw material increases, so it 
will depend up on how strong demand is in the future whether that will 
enable us to take further price hikes for further cost hikes. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
But looking at current scenario, current margins are sustainable, is that 
understanding correct? 
V. Venkatramani: Yes, that is right. 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Just lastly Sir, bookkeeping question, what is the Forex element in the 
interest cost for this quarter as well as H1? 
V. Venkatramani: For this quarter, we had currency gains of about 5.2 crore and for H1, 
we had currency loss of about 2.5 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from 
Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Sir, thank you for taking up my question and congratulations on great 
set of numbers, Sir could you explain that how has been the imports 
for the quarter of course and how do you see the competitive intensity 
panning out in coming years? 
V. Venkatramani: Imports have taken a hit during the current year because of logistics 
issues, steep increase in ocean freight rates, and logistics cost, and 
also steep increase in international prices of MDF, so we have not 
seen much of imports into India during the half year ending September 
30th and the short-term view is that the imports will continue to remain 
subdued for the balance period of the current year, but on a long-term 
basis we are expecting that imports could come back into the country 
whenever the logistics issues get resolved, so we are working with the 
Government for imposition of countervailing duty on imports. On the 
competition intensity, I think current MDF capacities in the country are 
about 2.3 million cubic meters and we expect that this will grow up to 
close to 3 million cubic meters by the end of FY ’25. 

 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Sir, our price realizations that have been high, so of course for the 
balance year, the price might be, we will be able to maintain that 
following FY ’20 to ’23, where do you see realizations stabilizing for 
domestic and exports? 
V. Venkatramani: I think if raw material costs remain similar, we will be able to maintain 
the realization and if raw material cost increase or reduce, we might 
take price increases or price reductions depending upon competition 
activity and future price hikes on account of raw material cost 
increases also depend on demand remaining strong in the domestic 
market. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Sir, last question, our existing capacity can operate to what kind of 
peak utilization level and the new capacity will be fully utilized by what 
period? 
V. Venkatramani: Our existing capacity is 540,000 and we are going for a capacity 
increase, so post that our capacity will be 660,000 cubic meters, but 
again this is on a particular mix of products having different densities, 
so if there is any significant change in the density of the product 
manufactured, which would depend upon market demand, then 
capacity utilization could change. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Poddar from 
Systematix Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Poddar: 
Many congratulations on strong set of performance in the current 
challenging environment, so my question is again very general in 
terms of demand outlook, so you mentioned that the current 
momentum will continue and it will even become more stronger as you 
are expecting capacity utilization to increase from hereon also and the 
margins which was the highest I think for you in the MDF segment, so 
my question is that over next two-three years’ time frame, do you think 
that this 31% kind of EBITDA margin in MDF is sustainable or there 
are some favorable things because of that is little elevated currently 
and it should normalize to 28% kind of, so your comments on that? 
V. Venkatramani: I think the current margins are sustainable subject of course to the 
condition that there are no major hikes in raw material cost, because 
any increase in selling prices will depend upon the demand 
environment, so if raw material costs go up steeply and demand 
environment is not strong, we might not be able to pass on the full 
extent of the cost increases, so to some extent it would be dependent 
upon demand conditions remaining strong, but we are hopeful in the 
current environment that we will be able to maintain the margins during 
the current financial year. 

 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Ashish Poddar: 
In the plywood segment, was there any benefit of the cost inventory 
during the quarter or even in the plywood, this 15% margin is 
sustainable? 
V. Venkatramani: In fact, our plywood margins in this quarter were about 13.6% and we 
will probably have to take some price increases to compensate for raw 
material cost hikes which we are not able to pass on in the second 
quarter, so we will probably look at some price hikes in Q3 depending 
upon demand conditions. 
Ashish Poddar: 
So you are saying that there is a scope for improvement in the plywood 
margin, right? 
V. Venkatramani: Yes, I think our sustainable margin should be around 14% to 14.5% 
for the plywood segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kutty from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir and congrats on a very good set of 
numbers, just one clarification, in the last call you had indicated that 
the demand trends were not kind of picking up well around the July 
month or so, when you are talking about obviously we ended with a 
much better number also driven by better realizations as well, when 
you are looking at the current demand scenario, we seeing a month 
on month improvement right now, are we back to our old levels what 
we were when you are looking at September numbers or are we now 
surpassing that, so could we actually say that maybe Q3 could be like 
a peak quarter for us? 
V. Venkatramani: I would say that demand conditions have improved month on month, 
so we saw improvement in August as compared to July and further 
improvement in September as compared to August, but there will be 
some impact of the festivals in Q3, I think the Durga puja festivals in 
October and Diwali in November, so perhaps we could not see any 
growth QOQ in Quarter-3, so I think a best case would be to maintain 
similar numbers as Q2 in Q3, so probably if there is any improvement 
that could happen in Quarter-4 where the increased capacity will also 
be available to us. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Sir, typically like you have mentioned I think your MDF utilization levels 
are about 95%, I presume that because the July month was probably 
not that great, so when we looking at obviously September and all, 
should not we be actually looking a slightly better number going into 
because utilization will obviously kind of can get back to 100% levels 
as well because that is where we used to operate it around the Q4 
levels, so I was just asking from that standpoint? 

 
Page 7 of 19 
 
V. Venkatramani: I think probably you know Q3 again I think we should be around the 
95% levels because of the impact of the festival season, but Q4 I think 
we should definitely operate at 100% of the existing capacity, but since 
we will be having the increased capacity available to us in Q4, I think 
capacity utilization will probably be somewhere between 90% to 95% 
of the expanded capacity. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Okay, so Q4 our new capacity will actually come? 
V. Venkatramani: That is right. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Sir, one last question from my end, from the last quarter we have 
obviously seen realization improvement as well, are we also seeing a 
further improvement in realizations from here on, let us say for 
example the export market and all, may be looking at month on month 
numbers? 
V. Venkatramani: I think we will see a small improvement in export realizations in Q3 as 
compared to Q2 because the full impact of the increased realizations 
was not there in Q2 as we had some old orders which were fulfilled in 
Q2. I think yes, we should see a small improvement in export 
realization and domestic realizations of course will depend upon raw 
material cost. 
Prashant Kutty: 
Just one thing, because like you said that raw material pressure 
depend upon raw material pressure is obviously this quarter also you 
would have felt some raw material pressure, but obviously we have 
kind of made up for that the most to realization, are we seeing 
incremental in pressure on raw material, if we talk about let us say in 
the month of October and all because, we have actually seen across 
the Board energy prices and have all kind of gone up, so are we even 
seeing in our materials as well increase happening in the raw material 
front let us say in the month of October? 
V. Venkatramani: Yes, we have seen increase in the chemical prices in the month of 
October also, so we have gone for another round of price increases in 
October, so October we will probably not get the benefit of that 
increased price, so that should be available to us from November. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkat Samala from 
TATA AMC. Please go ahead. 
Venkat Samala: 
Sir, my first question is with respect to you know how are we planning 
further expanding our capacities beyond the Brownfield expansion that 
you have spoken about because the way that I am thinking about this 
Q4 you are expecting 90% to 95% capacity utilization of the enhanced 
capacity and this is about 120,000 CBN which essentially means that 
H2, so basically quarterly run rate in Q4 would be above 20% higher 

 
Page 8 of 19 
 
than what we are seeing in Q2 and will largely be running at full 
capacity utilization levels, exit Q4 or start of Q1 next year, so how are 
we planning to sort of cater to the higher demand that we are seeing? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Sorry can you please repeat that question slowly? 
V. Venkatramani: He was saying capacity addition beyond this mat expansion that we 
are doing in Q3, new capacities? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
This capacity enhancement that we are doing now, we will expect this 
to sort of come into full play by probably the second half of the next 
financial year and with regard to the new expansion or the new sort of 
substantial expansion that we are considering and made discussions 
with, we will only be able to give any concrete information towards the 
end of this financial year, I think in the Q4 call perhaps, we will be able 
to give you something concrete on that because it is still too premature 
and at a concept stage at this point of time, we are exploring locations, 
we are exploring the required capacity. We are assessing the markets, 
so any concrete information about that would only be available towards 
the end of this financial year. 
Venkat Samala: 
Sir, just a follow up to that we are going to be zeroing on something for 
expansion say by Q4 exit, at the same time we are also expecting the 
enhanced capacity to run close to full capacity utilization level right by 
the end of this fiscal, so will it not be a little too late? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Not by the end of this fiscal, because I said towards the second half of 
the next financial year. 
Venkat Samala: 
Sorry, my bad, maybe I thought that you know that enhanced capacity 
would be running close to full capacity utilization by Q4 of this year 
itself? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I am assuming your concern is that there will be sort of a lag between 
growth and availability of capacity, but I think we are okay because 
from the existing plant with the right product mix and fully optimized, 
we are still able to push out close to 110-112 odd percent, plus we will 
get this additional 20 odd percent, so there is still a growth margin 
available from our existing plans of up to 20%-25% which would 
comfortably take care of our growth requirements for the next year-
and-a-half or so at least for the next financial year, and by that time, I 
am pretty sure we will be quite in advanced stage with a new 
expansion that we have in minds, so I think we should be okay. 
Venkat Samala: 
Understood, so maybe it is just that I got it bad, when I heard it that 
enhanced capacity would be operating to full capacity utilization of Q4 
of this year, so you are basically saying that will be running at full 
capacity utilization for the next year, right? 

 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I think safe to say like the combined capacity including the new sort of 
enhancement that we are doing, that will be at full utilization levels 
towards the second half of the next financial year. 
Venkat Samala: 
If I just look at the exports volume mix, we are between 25% to 30% 
for Q2, right so just trying to understand how is it trending at this point 
in time? 
V. Venkatramani: The domestic market was impacted in Q1 and Q2 because of COVID, 
the dealer segment took time to recover, so to cover the gap we have 
pushed exports and the export volumes were almost 33% of the total 
MDF volumes in this quarter, so going forward I expect export volumes 
will be lower as compared to Q2 in Q3 and Q4 and if we look at the 
next financial year, I think probably export volumes on an yearly basis 
would be somewhere between 1,00,000 to 1,20,000 that would 
probably be our target for the next financial year. Our preference will 
always be the domestic market where realizations and margins are 
higher and exports will always be used as a balancing factor. 
Venkat Samala: 
Sir, my last question is if I heard it right, you did mention that the South 
plant margins were ex of the foreign currency impact was also 31% 
versus North was around 27-28, so just trying to understand South 
where we have higher number of exports especially in the current 
quarter, how did we manage to have better margins than North? 
V. Venkatramani: Our South plant capacity utilization was also marginally higher than 
North and because of the larger capacity that gives us benefit of scale 
which is now becoming visible and also the export realizations have 
improved significantly in this quarter as compared to Quarter-1, I think 
we have seen a growth of about 20% in export realization and 
domestic realizations have also been strong, so that has contributed 
to a higher operating margin for the Southern plant. 
Venkat Samala: 
What kind of margins do we make on exports now versus the domestic 
with the higher realizations? 
V. Venkatramani: About 16% to 18%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from 
VT Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Sir, I wanted to understand like you source your major raw material for 
MDF is eucalyptus right, do you source it from plantations that are near 
your factory and I wanted to understand what is exactly the raw 
material cost because in an earlier con call you had mentioned that 
these farmers they have some tie up with you, so is the raw material 
cost very much in your control? 

 
Page 10 of 19 
 
V. Venkatramani: We do not have any specific tie up with farmers directly because large 
part of the raw material comes from small farmers, so if we were to 
directly interact with all those farmers, it would mean that we would be 
interacting with anywhere between 1000 to 1500 farmers, so instead 
of that we have a system of contractors. We have about six to eight 
contractors across each plant who procure the raw material from the 
farmers and then supply to us, so we do not have any direct tie ups 
with the farmers, so basically we give targets to these contractors, 
either monthly or quarterly targets, and they also have incentives 
depending up on how they perform vis-à-vis the target. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
What are the raw material price hikes have been taken and the raw 
material cost they have increased quarter sales?  
V. Venkatramani: So, if we look at wood cost, wood cost has seen a significant increase 
in the northern belt about 8% to 10% whereas in southern part raw 
material cost wood cost have remained relatively stable in an increase 
of about 2% to 3%, but the major increase has happened in chemical 
prices. So, wood comprises about 65% of the total raw materials, 
chemical resin the balance 35% and we have seen very sharp 
increases in the chemical prices depending upon the different 
chemicals. There have been price increases ranging between 25 you 
know if you look at a year or so there have been increases in the range 
of 25% to 100%.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Just one last question what markets do you cater to the export market? 
V. Venkatramani: Our export market primarily the Middle East then the neighboring 
countries in South East Asia then we are also supplying to UK, Korea, 
etc., and recently we have also received inquiries from Germany. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Madrecha from 
Augmenta Research Pvt. Ltd.. Please go ahead. 
Aman Madrecha: I just wanted to ask like we have already expanded the capacity for 
MDF, so what is the expected CAPEX over the next two years like any 
numbers of that? 
V. Venkatramani: Like Shobhan Ji mentioned in an earlier question we have not finalized 
our CAPEX plan. So, those will probably get finalized during Q3 or Q4 
and then we will be able to share the details with you. 
Aman Madrecha: What was the amount of CAPEX incurred for expanding the capacity 
from 5,40,000 to 6,60,000? 
V. Venkatramani: So, this CAPEX will primarily be incurred in this quarter for just the 
capacity expansion the cost will be around 20 to 23 crore and we are 
also adding some new machinery to reduce the wax consumption 

 
Page 11 of 19 
 
where there will be another CAPEX of around 20 odd crore. So, total 
CAPEX will be in the range of about 40 crore to 45 crore. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Sorry one caveat here please do not assume this cost of expansion of 
this 15%, 20% in proportion to the new plant I mean it is not linked at 
all this is a very small sort of expense to get this debottleneck our 
existing client. 
V. Venkatramani: It is not really an expansion; it is more like debottlenecking. We will be 
adding some new machinery to reduce the processing time.  
Shobhan Mittal: 
The investment to output ratio is very different when we install a new 
plant compared to this. So, this has got no relation. 
Aman Madrecha: Sir, just one more question since the imports are struggling so like you 
have any outlook for the imports in MDF coming back since we had 
already expanded the capacity that you see in foreseeable future the 
imports again comeback then what would be the impact like on that? 
V. Venkatramani: Considering the logistical issues in the current quarter, we are 
reasonably optimistic that there will not be any significant increase in 
import volumes during the second half of the current year, but if logistic 
issues get sorted out we could see increased import in the next 
financial year.  
Shobhan Mittal: 
Do keep in mind that worldwide there is a substantial shortage of MDF 
across the world that is why even we are seeing inquiries coming from 
countries that we were never expecting to export to and for the primary 
importing countries into India South East Asia India is the least 
favorable markets. So, the silver lining is that because of the shortage 
across the world they would also be first looking at satisfying the 
requirements of the other markets the more lucrative markets before 
they start allocating capacities to India. So, I think in immediate future, 
immediate term we do not see any substantial threat from imports into 
India.  
Aman Madrecha: So, sir why is India the least favorable market like it is because of the 
quality or what is the differentiator? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Well, it is primarily a pricing matter India acts as like a dumping sort of 
market for them because where in Europe prices are growing at €300, 
€350 a cubic meter. In India I mean people are buying imports at much 
lower cost less than $200. So, it is really like a market where they want 
to supply to fill capacity they do not really make any substantial money 
by supplying to India. So, always India has acted like a balancing 
market for them where if they have surplus capacity they allocate 
capacity to India.  

 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Aman Madrecha: So, currently you are saying everyone in the world is struggling with 
the capacity on the MDF front? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Well, there is a shortage there is a substantial MDF shortage across 
the world and even in Europe mills have a backlog of order the order 
book is full till like for two years also. So, definitely there is a shortage 
of MDF across. 
Aman Madrecha: And for us the domestic market is more lucrative than the export 
markets right? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agarwal from 
VT Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
I list you on the price increase in the wood cost quarter-on-quarter so 
can you just repeat back? 
V. Venkatramani: What I mentioned was we are seeing an increase of 8% to 10% in the 
first half of the current financial year for the northern plant whereas in 
South India wood prices have been relatively stable helps in a small 
increase of between 2% to 3%. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Can you just give me like the breakup for the demand that is that you 
cater to across India, do you cater only to the North and South or do 
you supply to the West and Eastern market as well? 
V. Venkatramani: We supply pan India, but I would say approximately 40% of our volume 
come from South India about 37%, 38% from North India about 16% 
to 18% from Western parts and about 7% to 8% from Eastern India. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
And sir like this Greenply in the last quarter so they have announced 
a new capacity like they have announced that they are foraying into 
MDF business, so is there any threat to you? 
V. Venkatramani: In fact, it is not a threat because if not Greenply possibly some other 
companies would have setup facility in Western India. So, we figured 
that it was better to give the permission to Greenply which is an 
organized and will not get into destructive practices rather than have 
an unorganized company coming up as a competitor. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Choudhary from 
Spark Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Girish Choudhary: Firstly, if you can talk a bit on the volume mix in terms of the customers 
and also in terms of the product and as a follow up how much is the 

 
Page 13 of 19 
 
potential to improve or increase the mix which can add to your overall 
growth? 
V. Venkatramani: So, if you look at the mix the mix has been quite good. We have a 
bouquet of value-added products in MDF which are basically the club 
grade, exterior grade, pre laminated MDF, wood floors and Veneered 
MDF and then we have the industrial grid MDF. So, in volume terms 
the industrial grid MDF contributed about 52% and 41% in value terms 
whereas the value-added products contributed 48% in volume terms 
and about 59% in value terms.  
Girish Choudhary: And the mix in terms of customers so when I mean customers between 
retail versus OEMs? 
V. Venkatramani: The mix remain more or less what we saw in Quarter 1. So, the retail 
contributed about 68% and OEM the balance 32% this is of the 
domestic volumes.  
Girish Choudhary: And secondly on the working capital we have seen a mutual reduction 
and especially if I look at the receivable days it has come down to 11 
days, so what would you attribute just to earn how much it is 
sustainable? 
V. Venkatramani: I think the continuous focus on working capital has brought about 
improvement. Green Panel since its very inception and right from the 
time we entered the MDF segment, we have been focused on working 
capital performance. So, this is a work which has come across over a 
decade of concentrated focus on working capital.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Chadha from 
Canara Robeco. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Chadha: 
So, one is on this margin improvement so what are the factors that 
have contributed to this margin improvement I understand that one of 
them would be the operating leverage and second would be the better 
realization in the international market exports happen to be the 20%, 
30%, so what are the other reason that have caused improvement in 
the margin and secondly sir did mention that internationally there is a 
shortage of MDF, so sir any reasons what has caused this shortage 
these two things? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
So, I will do the second part first. The shortage is basically what has 
resulted during in the pandemic of course most of the mills have shut 
down. So, there is obviously like some pentup demand that is across 
in the markets across the world, but also new expansions were not 
taking place. So, the plan in MDF plans takes close to two years from 
a point of conception to come online. So, during this period obviously 
there was no expansion stake taking place and with the markets 

 
Page 14 of 19 
 
opening up and with the increased focus of people especially on 
spending at home renovations and building and this created a sort of 
sudden sort of surge in demand for which means you are not ready for 
and now new plants are not yet coming on line. So, now you are seeing 
the cycle where new orders for new plants are being placed by people 
and I think it is a process of two odd years before that sort of 
neutralizes the additional demand.  
V. Venkatramani: Coming to the first question on the margin front so like you mentioned 
operational leverage, improvement in export realization, improvement 
in domestic realization, improvement in the mix of value added 
products and impact of price increases you know apart from the 
regular price increases we have also done some price corrections in 
the OEM segment, so earlier OEM prices used to be at a discount of 
about 8% to 10% compared to retail prices so we had reduced that to 
between 4% to 5% which also has helped to improve the realizations 
and the margins. 
Akshay Chadha: 
So, sir is it fair to assume that the prices hike that we have taken are 
little higher than the raw material inflation and hence some element of 
margin improvement is coming from there also? 
V. Venkatramani: No, if you look at the direct price increases they have just about 
covered raw material cost because our gross margins have gone up 
by only 30 basis points. So, it is primarily the operational leverage and 
focus on wastage reduction which has helped to improve the margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from 
NAFA AMC. Please go ahead. 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, given the international price increase and domestic price are we 
seeing given the supply demand scenario, are you seeing the 
reduction in gap between the domestic prices and international prices 
and the second question is like what is our current OEM mix in terms 
of revenue and how many dealers we have added this quarter? 
V. Venkatramani: So, if we look at OEM dealer mix, retail is about 68% of the domestic 
volume and OEM balance 32%. If we look at improvement in 
realizations, year-on-year domestic realizations have gone up by from 
22,400 to about 27,170 and export realizations have gone up from 
14,300 to 18,800. So, yes it is a mix of the price increases we have 
taken to cover raw material cost, improvement in international prices 
and also improvement in the mix of value-added product.  
Devang Patel: 
Also the average realization numbers for the domestic market are not 
directly comparable with the ones for the export market because the 
domestic market is an average of a little bit of floor range and all the 
different grades that we produce the club grade, the high grade and 

 
Page 15 of 19 
 
the low grade whereas the export segment it is primarily the standard 
grade product that goes. So, it is not a very fair comparison to take if 
you are comparing I mean the right comparison would be to take the 
standard grade of export versus the standard grade of domestic? 
V. Venkatramani: Then in that case I think the fair comparison would be that domestic 
prices for the industrial grade would be between 21,500 to 22,000 
whereas international prices are now close to 20,000 per cubic meter. 
Devang Patel: 
And how many dealers we have added this quarter? 
V. Venkatramani: Overall in the first half of this year we have added about 250 dealers.  
Devang Patel: 
Sir, just wanted to understand also one macro question is in terms of 
MDF given that it is widely used for furniture, given the versatility and 
durability of the product beyond furniture are you seeing any other 
scope for which MDF can generally be used for example there is now 
a lot of wood based solar panels which are coming up across the world 
in various parts, so can MDF be used for things apart from furniture 
and so what are they? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
MDF it is already a fairly versatile product it is not only used for 
furniture I mean especially in India there are multiple uses of MDF, 
people are using it for photo framing, people using it for handicrafts 
and for packaging etcetera. However, the specific requirement that you 
are saying solar panels I mean MDF will not be suitable for that product 
because I am assuming that would be like a WPC based product or 
waterproof product like a solid timber. MDF would not be suitable for 
solar panel kind of a product because that is susceptible to the natural 
elements and the MDF would not be suitable for that particular thing, 
but otherwise MDF is already being used for, at least in India, for many, 
many other products and the usage continues to grow avenue where 
MDF was not previously being used, people are adapting that and 
obviously replacement of plywood is also happening at the same time 
people were not comfortable using MDF initially in wet areas like 
kitchens now products are available that are far more superior 
resistant to water. So, expansion of usage within India is happening as 
well a lot of it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jashith Jain from 
Sincere Syndication. Please go ahead. 
Jashith Jain: 
As have been earlier pointed out so in the couple of months back in an 
entry there is a potential scope or growth and the MDF can replace the 
segment called low quality plywood it is said to be the 2500 crore of 
markets. Currently the MDF it is about 2,500 crore so potential market 
is down line about next two to three years is about 5,000 crore, 
currently even we have been considering that new capacities is 

 
Page 16 of 19 
 
coming in next one quarter, say to be in this quarter so our conservated 
capacity in MDF it should be about 6,60,000 cubic meter so what is 
the potential market size for MDF in terms of volumes today we are 
obtaining a good more than 40 we are having market share of about 
in between 35% to 40%, how are we going to retain this in next two 
years so what kind of volume growth that we can expect in this 
particular segment that is my first question in order to meet that 
demand what is the capacity of planning I hope that have stated the 
CAPEX announcements will be there in about two to three months if 
you can provide some rationale in terms of market what we are going 
to maintain that can make sense that is my first question. Second thing 
is that the first two quarters in between 122 and 134 cubic meters so 
they have done in terms of MDF as you stated earlier we have been 
maintaining the same level of Q2 in between 130 in Q4 planning to add 
about 85% to 90% capacities so about 225 so can consider that we 
can end up with in between 585 to 610 cubic meters of volumes by this 
financial year along with the realization between 22,000 to 23,000 if 
my understanding is correct please correct me if I am wrong anywhere. 
Third question should be what will be the sustainable margins that we 
can expect, non-CAPEX what is the dividend payout ratio that we are 
going to incrementally going to reward to the shareholders? 
V. Venkatramani: Your first question regarding capacity utilization so like I mentioned we 
will probably be close to 100% of the existing capacity in Q3 and 
between 90% to 95% of the expanded capacity in Q4 so that is our 
estimates for the second half of the current financial year. Margins as 
already replied we feel that the current margins are sustainable 
provided we are able to take further price hike to compensate for any 
future increase in raw material. We have already taken a price hike in 
October to compensate for raw material cost increase in September 
and October and future price hikes would depend on whether demand 
conditions continue to remain favorable and on the capacity front 
regarding substantial expansion like Shobhan Ji already mentioned we 
will probably be taking a decision on that during Q3 or Q4. 
Jashith Jain: 
MDF is replacing that lower grade plywood it is said to be about 2,500 
crore of markets what is the volume size? 
V. Venkatramani: Our estimates are that cheap segment plywood is about 4,500 to 5,000 
crores not 2,500 crores and volume estimates not available because it 
is completely unorganized market and they have a lot of invoicing 
practices due to which this is not possible to estimate volumes or the 
realizations from that grade of plywood, but the market size is 
somewhere between 4,500 to 5,000 crores. I think a large part of that 
could be converted into MDF for the next four to five years.  

 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Jashith Jain: 
Down the line we can expect that Green Panels can sustain about in 
between 35% to 40% of the markets are including the replacement of 
cheap grade plywood? 
V. Venkatramani: No, that of course would depend upon capacity expansions decisions 
we take in the future. So, I would not like to comment on that at this 
point of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kedar Kailaje from 
Fortress Group. Please go ahead. 
Kedar Kailaje: 
So, first is regarding your you gave your OEM retail mix so in terms of 
OEMs are you seeing increased orders on the likes of IKEA and 
companies these because they are also expanding very rapidly and 
within OEMs what is the percentage of top 10 customers for you that 
will be my first question and secondly Green Ply has mentioned that 
they see MDF as a regional market, so do you also foresee the same 
over the long-term so those would be my two questions? 
V. Venkatramani: We are not supplying directly to IKEA so they maybe procuring finished 
goods from some of the venders who are procuring MDF from us. So, 
we are not aware of whether that is happening but we estimate that 
should be happening, but we do not really have any concrete 
information on that account and yes MDF will be a regional product 
because it is a bulky product with low value realizations, approximately 
45% to 50% of premium plywood and freight costs form an important 
cost element in MDF. So, yes MDF will be a regional product and yes, 
I would like to look at a future where we have plants across all the four 
geographical regions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Lodha from 
ValueQuest Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Lodha: 
Sir, what kind of export volumes we were looking for this financial year 
FY22? 
V. Venkatramani: We have achieved export volume of about 80,000 in the first half and 
I think we will probably be looking at something around 60,000 in the 
second half of the financial year. 
Chirag Lodha: 
And in terms of domestic volumes will we be able to cross last year H2 
domestic volumes? 
V. Venkatramani: At this point of time, I think we will be able to cross last year domestic 
volumes. 
Chirag Lodha: 
Is there further scope to improve North plant margins or these are the 
optimum margin we can get in North plant? 

 
Page 18 of 19 
 
V. Venkatramani: I think we are reasonably close to the optimum margins in the Northern 
plant. So, possibly we could see some improvement after the capacity 
increase. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aksh Vora from Praj 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
Aksh Vora: 
Sir just wanted to know what is the growth rate over the last two years 
for MDF like in CAGR terms? 
V. Venkatramani: Last two years we do not have much data on how fast MDF has been 
growing specifically, but over the past three years I think MDF has 
been growing at a CAGR of around 15%. 
Aksh Vora: 
Also, we have currently 35%, 40% of market share do we envisage 
many competitors coming in near future or what is the feel on that 
factor? 
V. Venkatramani: Current capacities of MDF in the country around 2.3 million cubic 
meters and we estimate that will reach 3 million cubic meters over the 
next 3 years. 
Aksh Vora: 
Sir, what would be a Greenfield capacity to put up a 100 1 lakh metric 
ton cubic meter? 
V. Venkatramani: Are you saying the cost. 
Aksh Vora: 
Generally, if a Greenfield plant has put up for 1 lakh cubic meter, what 
would be the cost for that? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Continuous press plant of 1 lakh would be very small actually to be 
honest with you it would not make economic sense. I think the smallest 
one would probably be around 2 lakh cubic meters with a continues 
press and I think at the current scenario could be looking at a 350 to 
400 crore investment number.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Bhatelia from 
AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Sir all the MDF players now have a very robust portfolio with respect 
to water resistant or water proof MDF, but still if you see the 
penetration level in East market is not very encouraging, so how can 
we look at East as a market? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I think East is still immature in terms of MDF comparatively, but at the 
same time focus on a market has given good results. If you look at the 
North East at least for us it has become a very lucrative market 
because market penetration and basically education of users has 

 
Page 19 of 19 
 
resulted in a very positive sort of outcome for us. So, I think in the long 
run it very eventually happen of course you are right it is the slowest 
in terms of acceptance of MDF compared to the other parts of the 
country, but I think it is a more like a psychology thing and in the long 
run we do not foresee that to be a problem because the trends follow 
the same kind of architects working across the country and carpenters 
also pick up trends from other markets. So in long run we do not 
foresee that to be a challenge that the East will not accept or it will be 
needed to remain out of the market.  
Karan Bhatelia: 
And just one bit of confusion so the expanded capacities of 6.6 lakh 
will it be commissioned by the third quarter of this year or the second 
half of next year some confusion on that? 
V. Venkatramani: The commissioning will happen this year, but we are expecting optimal 
utilization by the second half of next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you everyone for joining this call. We hope call has been useful 
for everyone if anyone has any further questions feel free to reach out 
to us and we will be happy to answer them and we look forward to 
speaking with you again at the next call at the end of next quarter. 
Thank you very much. 
V. Venkatramani: Thank you everyone and wish you all a very Happy and safe Diwali in 
advance.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Greenpanel Industries Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines.  
