 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/66/2021-22 
 
03rd November, 2021 
 
To  
To  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID     : OAL 
Symbol: OAL 
Scrip Code: 500078 
Series   : EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 21.10.2021, intimating about the conference call with the 
Institutional Investors/Analysts on Wednesday, October 27, 2021 at 01.00 p.m to discuss the 
Financial performance of the Company  for  the quarter  and half year ended  September 30, 
2021, please find attached herewith transcript of  the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, 
the 
copy 
of 
the 
same is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information  on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
Kiranpreet Gill 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
KIRANPREET 
KAUR GILL
Digitally signed by KIRANPREET 
KAUR GILL 
Date: 2021.11.03 11:54:24 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
October 27, 2021 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Oriental Aromatics Limited Q2 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal 
from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Sonpal.  
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Oriental Aromatics 
Limited. On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
Company’s earnings conference call for the second quarter of financial year 2022.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today’s earnings conference call maybe forward looking in nature. Such 
forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings conference 
call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the Company’s fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review.  
 
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s 
Earnings Conference Call and give it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. 
Dharmil Bodani – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Shyamal Bodani – Executive Director, 
Mr. Parag Satoskar – Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Girish Khandelwal – Chief Financial Officer 
and Ms. Kiranpreet Gill – Company Secretary. 
Now without any further delay I request Mr. Dharmil Bodani to give his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, Dharmil.. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you Anuj. Good afternoon everybody. It is our pleasure to welcome you to the Quarter 
2 Earnings Conference Call of Oriental Aromatics Limited. I hope everyone of you are safe and 
healthy during these difficult times. 

 
Page 2 of 16 
Talking about the performance during the quarter. As you can see from the financials, the 
Company witnessed flattish demand across all product categories on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis and subsequently the sales volumes and revenues were flat against Q1 FY-2022. 
Additionally, there were substantial disruptions in raw material availability due to the 
ongoing continual crisis, which also resulted insignificant increases in price for some of the 
major raw materials. And due to certain contractual obligations, the Company was not able to 
pass on the raw material price increase during the quarter, which impacted the margin profile 
and profitability. 
Now I request Mr. Girish Khandelwal – our CFO to give the financial and operational 
highlights after which we would be happy to answer any questions you may have. Thank you. 
Over to you Girish. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you Dharmil. Good afternoon everyone. 
On a consolidated basis in Q2 FY22, the operating income for the quarter was Rs. 230.5 crore, 
which was an increase of approximately 25.4% on a year-on-year basis and 0.3% on a quarter-
on-quarter. 
Operating EBITDA reported was Rs. 19.8 , which was a decrease of about 59.6% on a year-on-
year basis and 42.6% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Operating EBITDA margins stood at 
8.59%, net profit after tax reported Rs. 12.1 crores, which was a decrease of about 63.6% on a 
year-on-year basis and decrease of 46.7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis while PAT margins 
was 5.25%. 
On a consolidated basis in H1 FY22 the operating income for the quarter was rupees Rs. 460 
crore, which was an increase of approximately 54.9% on a year-on-year basis. Operating 
EBITDA reported was Rs. 54.2 crore, which was a decrease of about 20.1% on a year-on-year 
basis. Operating EBITDA margins stood at 11.78%. Net profit after tax was Rs. 34.9 crore, 
which was a decrease of about 19.2% on a year-on-year basis while PAT margins stood 7.59%. 
Thank you with this. We can now open the floor to the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is on the raw material side. So we have seen a 
significant inflation on a QoQ basis. So what are the steps that we have taken to alleviate this 
and how has been the pricing environment and any understanding of how the pricing 
environment will behave for the next, maybe couple of quarters? 

 
Page 3 of 16 
Parag Satoskar: 
So in terms of the pricing environment, are you talking about the raw materials or are you 
talking about the finished good? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Raw material. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, so primarily I think like Dharmil is mentioned in his initial opening remarks that this has 
been a very unprecedented quarter where a combination of the supply chain or the shipping 
line issues along with that minor fear which was caused by China and the electricity issues 
created a situation globally where most of the raw materials suppliers actually hold back the 
materials and hence there has been increase in a) the basic raw material prices across the 
board in respective of the category and there has also been an impact because of the 
substantial increase in the freight costs and the availability of containers. And since, there has 
been distances the material has been present with the suppliers, but they could not ship it 
because of non-availability of containers. So I think if you add all these things these 
combination of these factors have resulted in the last 60 to 75 days, creating a very uncertain 
environment about raw material pricing. As a Company we are always extremely micro in 
terms of managing these challenges. So you know, we have taken multiple steps in terms of 
mitigating this problem of identifying new raw material source, identifying dedicated shipping 
lines who can work with us on a regular basis. So, some of these factors are going to ensure 
that the challenges that cropped up suddenly in the last quarter would somehow even out, 
but it's currently a wait and watch situation. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The second question is in terms of our utilization. So, I then understand that we are currently 
are painting for utilization. So can you just give us a timeline of the ongoing CAPEXes, and 
when will they be commissioned? Just to understand how FY23 and FY24 will pan out in 
terms of growth for the Company. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, primarily as we have been mentioning in our earlier investor call the single product 
project in Baroda was supposed to be commissioned in the second week of October. but we 
will start. So it's already in the pre-commissioning stage and we will start commercial 
production from 1st of November. So, that's completely operational with an investment of 20 
crores and a 1.7x returns on it. It will start contributing because we also have a marketing 
plan for the product that we are going to make there. I think the second Greenfield project is 
the multi-product hydrogenation facilities which is again coming up in Baroda and the facility, 
the work is going on as per the schedule. However, we are seeing a slight delay because of 
the, a) extremely high costs of all the inputs like steel like electronic components so we have 
given a guidance of H1 2022. I think it is our endeavor to complete it within that guidance say 
by June, 2022, and that is an investment of between Rs. 120 crores to 140 crores, depending 
on which final list of products will make it in those, in those plants and that will give us a kind 
of a top line of say around 1.7x over a period of one and a half to two years. And the third 
CAPEX is the Greenfield project that Mahad where like you had mentioned in the earlier call, 
the environmental clearance application has already been done. I think on that front as well 

 
Page 4 of 16 
things are going as per plan. And we will commission the prerequisite plan in Mahad in the 
due course which we will communicate to you. So if you look at these three investments, the 
Mahad investment is between 200 crores to 250 crores. the hydrogenation investment is 
between 150 to 140 crores. And the green free single product plant is 20 crores. So Girish can 
add up and we multiply it with a 1.7x number that is the top line that we hope to achieve in 
the next one…. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So, so just a follow up on Mahad. So when will we have the first phase commission and 
probably the CAPEX for that. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So I told you the CAPEX figure, the CAPEX figure is between 200 crores to 250 crores we have 
kept a very ambitious target for ourselves to really complete it in a calendar year, 2022 or Q4 
2022, 2023. Having said that, I think we'll have probably a more clear understanding about 
the timelines when we get our environmental clearance in hand. So that is how we are 
working. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Poladia from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir this quarter we have all sequentially flat volume even in Q1 it was sequentially flat 
volume. But if you see the FMCG industry has a different volume growth so what would be 
the challenge for the sales volume growth also YOY there is a 25% growth so if you can 
bifurcate in volume and realization growth in YoY basis. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, Ritesh to answer your question. I think the YoY growth is what is very, very interesting and 
exciting for us because that kind of justifies our overall strategy that our new product 
introduction strategy, our new product acceptance strategy with the customer seems to be 
going in place. If you look at YoY we had close to 20% of volume growth which for us is very, 
very important because we, we value it's something which are related to a lot of external 
factors, but the volume growth is a very, very critical element for us. And as we move on and 
as we as we have this Greenfield single product plant coming in, which is a high value product 
and, and low volume, I'm sure this will just keep adding to the volume as well as the, the 
value growth. So also, I mean talking about purely FMCG, if you look at Oriental and if you 
look at the group wise breakup, I think only the F&M space has a direct linkage to the FMCG 
space. I think the other two are, are linked, but indirectly. So I'm sure that as the FMCG 
demand in India and globally picks up, we will be part of that growth strategy. And when we 
have the capacities to really sell to our customers and on the fragrance and flavor side, we 
are trying our best to really get as much new members, new customers, a new market 
because that plant is still not running at a hundred percent. So when we have the 
opportunities, we will grow in that segment. 

 
Page 5 of 16 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir with these three CAPEX plans can you expect 15% volume growth for next two years every 
year. With Baroda will start in a month hydrogenation next year then Mahad maybe after a 
couple of. So can we have a 15% volume growth over the next three, four years? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Ritesh that's the plan when we are investing, I mean, that's the whole strategy that when we 
are investing close to say 400 crores in in new plants, he always say this, that our internal 
guidance is it will contribute to 1.78x in terms of the top line. When I say top line, it indirectly 
also mean that there's going to be a volume growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of from Ankit from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankit: 
We normally have taken that our contracts are usually for on short term basis three to six 
months. So given this in the opening remarks you had stated that we had faced issues in 
passing on the raw material cost increase in this quarter. Can we expect some price increases 
with our customers in Q3 or Q3 also looks to be a difficult quarter in terms of margins. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So primarily you know like I said, that the moment we realized that there is a situation we 
have immediately course corrected and wherever we had the opportunities of really 
increasing the prices and going to the market at the newer prices, we have done that. I think I 
in order to ensure that because of contracts is something which we signed for a six-month 
period, if there is a challenge in terms of those contracts we have the ability to really talk to 
the buyer and course correct and recover those losses in our future contracts. So we are 
going to use that as a secondary tool when we are going to renegotiate the contract for 
H12022. And, if you look at broadly speaking if you look at a large part of our portfolio, like 
for example, Camphor that is something that is completely non-contacted except for a few 
institutional businesses. So there we have the opportunity to kind of course correct 
whichever way possible and where the market has accepted. So we are taking all possible 
steps to ensure that realization wherever achievable will be achieved so that we get the 
benefits in Q3. Wherever we are forced to kind of maintain the prices to ensure that our 
reputation in the long term remains a very, very safe and intact with the customer, we are 
going to go ahead and sit down with them. And when we renegotiate the contract for H12022 
we are going to kind of renegotiate them at a higher price to recover these losses. And I think 
customers are more than happy. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
And also I'd like to add to what Parag said I would like to also add besides the Camphor I think 
we are taking flavor vertical is not largely on the contractual arrangements with our 
customers. So we are hoping also in the third quarter, that we will be able to continue to try 
and work with our customers with regards to not only trying to increase prices, because I 
think the customers are also very reasonable they do understand what is going on in the 
FMCG space, or they are currently many of our customers working with us on cost optimized 
versions of the taking series of flavors that we sell where we are being given the opportunity 
to make the necessary modifications if the final FMCG product is not able to bear the cost 

 
Page 6 of 16 
increase of the flavors and fragrances that we supply. So we believe Q3 we'll see some 
improvement in the fragrance and flavor vertical also in terms of EBITDA margins. 
Ankit: 
The second question was on the Mahad CAPEX, the target for starting at least the phase one 
in December 22 and even March 23 looks to be too ambitious because we are yet to get the 
EC approval as well so can you share some timeline, or some views on why you guys are so 
ambitious in terms of completing this project and setting a timeline of let us say one year or 
15 months, it looks too ambitious to me. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So when you say we are what was your comment on the ECR? I'd like to understand that 
again? 
Ankit: 
No, I thought EC approval is yet to receive for the project, so that might also take some time 
or it can come tomorrow we don’t know about it. Normally EC approvals take some time and 
even if we get approval in this quarter it will just give us one year to complete the max, that 
15 months to complete the process. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
The EC permissions, we have made all the necessity submissions to the necessary authorities, 
and I believe that our internal target to break ground in Mahad on the 15th of January. Just 
after Makar Sankrat. We are hopeful we will meet that date. And in Q3, if we are to get the 
EC approval, we will definitely announce it on the necessary platforms. Having said that the 
reason Parag has said we are ambitious because even in Mahad, it's not necessarily going to 
be straight multi-purpose plan, or it's not going to be plants that that we are going to have to 
wait two years to build. So that's going to also be a product wise phase out. So, we are hoping 
that if all goes well and we do get our 15 January breaking ground date we will commission 
our first plant next Diwali in Mahad. Because we've already taken care of the technology, the 
ordering of the treatments all the background work has already been done so the fabrication, 
etc., everything is on as we speak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of from Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi Oriental Team good afternoon. So two questions first is with respect to the gross margin. 
And when I say gross margin, I'm looking at our Company gross margin for the last 5, 6, 7 
years barring few quarters we have been in the range of 62% to 65% as a raw material. And 
now we have putting up hydrogenation plant which I agree with the high margin thing and 
we are putting low volume, high value products. So going forward, how should we look at our 
gross margin from two, three years down the line perspective if you can throw some light on 
that 
Parag Satoskar: 
So primarily like you have rightly said that most of our expansions are expansions which are 
coming in the range of specialty aroma ingredient, where we feel that there is available 
market space outside the inventor for us to sell the materials so I think we probably have a 

 
Page 7 of 16 
well thought out marketing strategy on most of the products that we have. We have always 
been mentioning and speaking to that point that we will target an EBITDA margin of between 
15% to 17% for all our current projects, as well as future products. When you say very 
specifically about hydrogenation one correction is that it's not necessarily all products that 
we will make in that particular plant we will be extremely profitable, but it will be a nice 
basket, which we will be offering to our customers as well as to our internal fragrance 
division, which will help us add value across our groups. So I would probably not ponder a lot 
into what is going to happen. two to three years. I can only tell you what is the general 
philosophy when we build or when we expand or when we build a facility when we build a 
new facility we always target that eventually this particular facility after validation and 
stabilization should give us a sustainable 15% to 17% EBITDA margins and add value to my 
internal fragrances division. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
I think one of our peers they recently got into JV with our MNC. So I'm sure such opportunity 
maybe are available to us also. So how do we think about those things? Are we open to that 
or we don't want to go into Jamie Moore, the only one to operate on our own. Can you share 
your broad thoughts around the same. 
Parag Satoskar: 
I think from our side I think Oriental Aromatics has a very clear philosophy that we are 
amongst probably very few completely nonaligned manufacturers or specialty aroma 
ingredients company who are able to offer such a wide range of materials in a very 
sustainable way of an excellent quality to all the customers. So I think we wish to stay non-
aligned as much as possible because that gives me market access to the whole world rather 
than really aligning me with one set of customers or one set of suppliers. So that is something 
which is very dear to us and which we continue and we wish to say that way. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Nippon India AIA. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Just one clarity. Can you explain what is really impacted the gross margin let us say if you 
could probably break contraction, which you've seen sequentially that's across the two, three 
larger heads. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think the primary driver Manish for the impact on gross margins is the raw material cost. 
If you look at that raw material costs, which also includes the freight cost as a very critical 
element of the cost. And plus, we had certain minor extra costs this quarter because we had 
our annual routine maintenance shutdown in the Baroda facility so we had certain repairs 
and maintenance costs which also got added to the numbers and there is also an increase in 
the electricity, in spite of, in spite of having 10 days shutdown my electricity bill for Baroda is 
more than what it was in the last quarter. The biggest impact has been the raw material. I 
think and we decided to bite the bullet there because we have to ensure business continuity 
for our customers. It has been primarily across all heads driven by the raw material impact, 

 
Page 8 of 16 
plus coal pricing, less electricity splicing, plus the OPEX, which we incur because of the 
routine maintenance shutdown. 
Manish Poddar: 
So roughly two-thirds of your inflation would have been raw material. Is that a fair 
understanding? 
Parag Satoskar: 
True. 
Manish Poddar: 
So, the second part then let's say this quarter what would have been our pricing and let us 
volume growth? 
Management: 
Volume stays the same as compared to the previous partner. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. So, so let's say if our sequential sales have been flat, so would it be a fair understanding 
that in the coming quarter, whatever inflation you've seen in the raw material, which would 
have passed with the lag given that you are at a fairly high utilization levels next quarter sales 
growth should be a function of what pricing go to take in that quarter. Is that a fair 
understanding? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Broadly I think it's a fair understanding that what you're saying is that we are going to have a 
growth in terms of the top line, which probably is going to be achieved by the increase in the 
finished goods prices that we are able to get from our customers. Is that what you're saying? 
Manish Poddar: 
Right. Assuming volumes remains at similar level. 
Parag Satoskar: 
I think we'll have a new plant and we also have a lot of continuous process reengineering 
projects, which are happening where we have certain capacity expansion in our Bareilly site 
coming in November or December, but all those will impact the volume growth only in Q4 
and no in Q3. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. And one last one. So probably, could you give us an idea how raw material prices now 
behaving let us say come October and of November compared to let us say what the quarter 
average. 
Parag Satoskar: 
The raw material prices are still high. I think the current negativity that was caused in the 
middle because of the Chinese electricity issue, and then China going on a holiday, I think 
those have kind of subsided a little bit after they came back from the holiday and they said 
that the quotas have increased and things are slowly becoming normal, but it will have a lag 
of between three to four months for all those positivity to really come into the pricing. 
Manish Poddar: 
let say you had index say like 150.  Q2 FY22 what is that number now in Q2 FY 22. And what is 
the exact number at October end? 

 
Page 9 of 16 
Management: 
And Manish very difficult because I have such a diverse range of, but my basket is so complex 
that it's 3000 materials on the FNF side. It has more than 500 materials So for me, it's like 
right now, my purchasing teams are working overtime to ensure two possibilities. were to 
ensure two objectives. One is to ensure that we get the materials in time so that my plants 
have a production going on. Point number one, because we have orders to fulfil. The second 
is this material that comes in, comes at the lowest cost possible You know, so I don't have, 
honestly speaking, you know, we are monitoring, and we are seeing that everything slowly is 
kind of in control, but there are still a lot of uncertainties which are lying around, you know, 
because of what's happening, going to happen with oil demand. So I don't have an exact 
number of what is that index. 
Manish Poddar: 
Just one last one, if I can, your permission just wanted to understand in  in terms of inquiry 
during such time have inquires increased, given that I understand that you don't have 
capacity, but have inquiries increase materially in the interim when you are seeing such sort 
of inflation, so I think this  
Management: 
I'll take this on the F&F side, and then you can talk on the chemical side. Yes, on F&F side we 
are absolutely seeing an extremely robust, projects flowing in from across all our customers, 
especially in the Middle East we have expanded our reach in the Middle East, which normally 
was between two to four countries to now close to 14. We also cover parts of Africa. And, 
you know, with the inflation and with the price increases that are, you know, are happening 
across the board, in the flavor and fragrance vertical from competition. We are seeing a lot of 
opportunities there for us to get into projects where we wouldn't normally not had an 
opportunity to. So I have, I have for the first time after the COVID situation coming. Seeing a 
very robust and healthy in flow of projects across the board across categories. And I believe 
starting April 20, 22, even a lot of the local FMCG companies where we've had a lot of 
approved fragrances  during the COVID time waiting to be launched will finally see the light of 
day. So on the flavor and fragrance side, to answer your question. Yes, the inquiries are 
definitely increasing. The opportunities are also definitely increasing, and this is extremely 
encouraging for us going forward and Parag on the chemicals. I leave it to you 
Parag Satoskar: 
Yeah, I think Manish it's the same, you know, I think more and more as we get to hear, the 
get to your one bad news after the second from China, I think the whole world realizes, 
especially on the F&F side where the buyer has to source 3000 different materials, they need 
a reliable, sustainable partner. And so the inquiries are tremendous. We just have to kind of 
calibrate them, build capacities and slowly and steadily take one on board so that we can 
satisfy them or sustainable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the Chirag Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Mehta: 
Hello, sir., most of my questions have been answered, my question, just asking the question 
in terms of new product introduction. in last four calls, you'll give him some flavor or some 

 
Page 10 of 16 
color on the new products that are seeing the light of the day. if I were to think about your 
company in terms of innovative Index and say that what we be a number of percentage of 
revenue, which would have come from products that you have launched Serviced in last 
three years, can you give a ballpark number of that of those products? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, you know, I can probably, I don't have the exact numbers with me. I mean, although I 
have it, but, you know, rather than sharing the exact, the, the, the interesting part is if you 
look at, if you look at a quarter to quarter over last year and this year, you know, the 20% 
volume growth that we have seen, I think probably half of it, if not more has come from all 
the new products which have been commercially launched and sold either from the multi-
product plants or from the other plants that we have built in Baroda or the additional 
projects that we have done in Bareilly. So I think our, our, our new product introduction 
pipeline, our new product promotion pipeline, and I think our new product acceptance 
strategy with the customer all seems to be bang on, in place. And we continue working on it 
every day. And, and you know, if, if you look at every single customer that we have in the 
ingredient side of the business, I think if they were buying X products from us two years back 
today, they are buying at least 10 to 12 in terms of numbers, new products. And this in terms 
of volumes, in some cases is, is either a hundred percent growth in terms of value. Sometimes 
it's a hundred percent growth, but those are anomaly, but I can very safely say that between 
30 to 40%. Girish correct me if I'm wrong, but these are, these are the kinds of broadly 
numbers, which are now being delivered by the new products. And this one last thing, sorry, 
and also on the I'm sure also on the on the fragrance piece, I think this whole new product 
development strategy is helping the fragrance division to incorporate these in-house 
products and really create value fragrances which will, which will eventually lead to the 
increase in that business.  
Chirag Mehta: 
so much that, just one last question for you and Dharmil both when I look at historically last 
two to four years, even before the merger of our company into uh, into the existing company 
you bought our gross margins, were in the range of 40% plus, or minus 2%-3%. Obviously this 
quarter on the last quarter probably may be an anomaly. If I look at three years down all the 
three new projects that you are talking about and they being commissioned, do you think this 
14% sustainably can move up 2, 3, 4, 5% higher than what it is today in terms of gross 
margin? And so implying that your new products are the higher gross margins or they're 
roughly in the same range. So you want to take this. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Probably answered this question in the past. You know, what, what I would say is that, you 
know, the philosophy behind creating or developing a new product is, is two-pronged. A) It 
should minimum treat our internal benchmark of creating a 15 to 17% EBITDA margin after 
the final commercialization and global scale manufacturing of that product. That's the first 
element of the philosophy. The second element of the philosophy is that it should have a 
good amount of available market outside of the inventor for us to be able to sell it globally. 
So, you know when we make these products, these products are a combination of some 

 
Page 11 of 16 
products where we will have higher margins There will be some products which will be fillers, 
but together it will ensure that we look at these margins. And if given a chance, I would 
definitely like to increase it. Absolutely. But, but, but you know, this is what we kind of stay 
focused on in terms of when we decide to create a product and launch them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chitan Modi from Hitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chitan Modi: 
So thank you very much for the opportunity, can you name, what are your top two or three 
raw materials  
Parag Satoskar: 
Across which verticals across 
Chitan Modi: 
all verticals I mean, in the overall basket, which would be your top two or three, 
Parag Satoskar: 
I would say alpha pinene, which is a known fact. And then there are a lot of petrochemical 
based products.  
Management: 
Chintan big list. So a little confused, but you know yeah, we have, we have complex materials. 
Like I just want to Isoamylene , propylene oxide, like Dharmil said alpha pinene. I mean, we 
have commodities like acetic acid, phosphoric acid. So I think because we've make wide range 
of products in our ingredients division. We have, many raw materials and on the fragrance 
side, I mean, the list is huge. Yeah. I think the last two materials, which Parag has mentioned, 
which is as a big phosphoric acid, I think, you know, these are the commodity materials, 
which is, which is really, you know, seeing a spike in pricing in the last quarter. And we are 
hopefully things will stabilize  
Management: 
 It's not a spike. It's a generic. Nobody has ever seen phosphoric acid at 500. 
Chitan Modi: 
And for making alpha pinene, are you backward integrated or you directly buy alpha pinene 
from the market? 
Moderator: 
So, you know, we have this we have had this completely de-risk strategy where you know 
alpha pinene we buy from all the available, sources, which are available in the world. And you 
know, since we buy it, not from one supplier, although we have you know close to 8,000 tons 
of requirement annually, but there's not one single supplier who contributes more than 10% 
of the supply. So, you know, this shows that we have a completely de-risk strategy and this is 
how we want to play.  
Chitan Modi: 
Sure. And if you don't mind, if you can just quantify how is the price moved in case of GTO 
and alpha pinene last three or four months?  
Management: 
So I wouldn't get into the exact number, but I think surprisingly contrary to all the other raw 
materials that have gone up and down, I think we basic prices for alpha pinene and GTO have 

 
Page 12 of 16 
remained more or less stable, you know, and, and but there has been a substantial increase 
in freight costs. I mean I used to pay $1,200 per container from China. Now I pay 8 thousand 
bucks. Got it, got it.  
Chitan Modi: 
And on the revenue side, are your contracts CIF based or it's FOB based 
Management: 
So historically many of them have been CIF based, you know, when we saw this challenge 
happening in India over the last, in the last six months, you know, we have converted a lot of 
them to Fob. but what happens is that, you know, even in India, local freight costs of the 
price, price hikes in diesel. So that's a big challenge again. Right, right. Sure.  
Chitan Modi: 
And just one last thing, if you can tell us what are the average realizations in camphor for 
right now and how we would have changed and probably how are you expecting it to change 
in terms of the absolute numbers absolute, or if we can just quantify in terms of percentage 
growth how its moved,  
Management: 
So again, the camphor pricing has been more or less stable in the last one, quarter. it's 
because most of it is linked to the alpha pinene pricing and stable so camphor is stayed in a 
narrow brand band of between 720 to 767. 
Moderator: 
The next is from the line of the Deepan Shankar from Pressline PMs. Please go ahead.  
Deepan Shankar: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity and good afternoon, everyone. So firstly, we wanted to 
understand so when, when are we expecting normalcy in EBITDA margin backwards back to 
17, 18%. 
Management: 
so our guidance has always been 16 to 17 and parag you can answer the second part of it. 
Yeah. So you know like I've mentioned earlier in the call that it is our endeavour to kind of go 
extremely micro during these testing times and see how we can kind of probably extract any 
savings to, to really achieve those guidance numbers at the transactional level, I would. 
Definitely tell you that it is work in progress. I would definitely tell you that as a company, it is 
our top most priority, which is being handled by me and Girish: 
on an individual basis to 
ensure that, you know, we have this along with our teams. So yeah, it's an objective. I think 
we'll probably have a little bit more clarity on this by end of this current quarter, but steps are 
being taken. We should see that we should see some improvements in Q3 how much that is. 
I'm not very sure I'll be in a position to quantify it now, because honestly speaking it's all on a 
day-to-day basis. 
Deepan Shankar: 
And also as economic they're opening up across the world. So are we seeing very strong 
growth coming back in our, fragrances division? 

 
Page 13 of 16 
Management: 
Yes, absolutely.  Like I mentioned, you know, we are seeing growth. We're seeing better, 
better profitable growth. Let me put it that way. And we're seeing a lot of opportunities, a lot 
of inquiries and largely coming in from the Middle East, far, east Africa and India, I think India 
is also reviving.  
Deepan Shankar: 
Okay. So that have we crossed the pre COVID levels kind of a sales volume or a still, it is a way 
behind the, the pre COVID levels volume. 
Moderator: 
No, it's on the sequence. Ideas for volume group is important, but I think it's also the value 
growth, which is more important because fragrances, that we are looking at the various 
markets that I just mentioned. Definitely higher value, low volume products we're very 
hopeful with the, the robust inquiries and the robust R&D, that is going on right now that we 
will see the impacts of this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Chetan Ohri from Progressive Shares. Please go ahead, 
 Chetan Ohri : 
one question there's been some sort of a shuffling in terms of the borrowings. So have you 
seen any arbitrage benefits in terms of the interest costs? 
Girish: 
Actually arbitrage benefit in the sense that yes. And there is a benefit, but actually we have 
taken the borrowing for the long-term borrowing for our Baroda project. So, we have drawn 
down 30 crores in H1 and we have reduced our short-term borrowing. 
Chetan Ohri: 
 So the average interest cost for us would be how much then going forward.  anticipated 
numbers  
Girish: 
five, five and half percent.  
Chetan Ohri : 
Okay. And so what would be the debt equity ratio that you should be comfortable with going 
forward? 
Girish: 
Actually, we are doing Capex at large so max we are expecting our debt to equity ratio should 
not cross 0.4. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Goti, an induvial investor, please. Go ahead. 
Ashish Goti: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I would want to understand we are an 
expansion at MAHAD, I think my MAHAD has been facing flooding issues, if I'm it is on regular 
basis on every monsoon. So how are we taking care of that? And apart from that, overall 
climate conditions change, which climate changes flooding is becoming part of a regular 
feature, even in Gujarat.  

 
Page 14 of 16 
Management: 
Yeah, it is a very good question. And I can safely tell you that, you know we had not one drop 
of water logging in our plant in March, in spite of the unfortunate incident that happened in 
MAHAD because of the overflowing of that river. So I think it's you know we had done this 
evaluation topographical evaluation and this plot of land that we had acquired sits in a 
position where it is kind of way above water logging capabilities and this got proved with this 
year flood you know we also did the study with that same intention that what happens if 
there's flooding, Yeah, and this was something we really took into consideration also when 
we acquired this land. So we are fully aware of the issues that, you know, this climate change, 
the unusual extension of the monsoon, and this is now happening year after year, or it's not 
an event that's just happened this year. So like Parag said, we were actually very, very happy 
to see that, you know, we had absolutely no water clogging in, in, in this property And that, 
that really, you know, has, has been a big relief for us.  
Ashish Goti: 
And we already zero affluent or moving towards it. What, what is that scenario?  
Management: 
So MAHAD will be zero liquid discharge from day one. Baroda and Bareli, as per the 
provisions of the current PCs and the contents that we have, we have the facility to really 
discharge, some level of affluent after treatment, man  we continue to do that, but we are 
aggressively pursuing a program which probably in the next 365 days, we ensure that even 
our Baroda facility and our Bareli facility will be direct.  
Ashish Goti: 
So whatever amount spent are being spent or will be spent on that, how do we and that will 
add value in in terms of recoveries. 
Management: 
So it will add tremendous amount of value in terms of projecting the importance of a 
sustainable supplier to a customer. You know, I think the whole world today is talking of 
green chemistry, green engineering and industry 4.0. So in this, in all these new concepts, 
which customer value and customers are ready to pay you a premium for that, you know, all 
these factors that become a very critical element of the piece. I mean, just to give you a 
perspective, we are now going to install a boiler in one of our plants. We are not going to use 
coal, but we are going to use rice husk because that is available. It's a waste in that region 
and we are going to accumulate, collect that waste and use it as a fuel for our boiler. So all 
these things matter, all these things might be a cost at the beginning, but if you look at the 
cumulative benefit that it offers to us as a supplier and to our customers who buy from us 
sustainable green manufacturer, over a period of 25 years, which is the life of the plant. I 
mean, there's no comparison, between the expense and the benefits point number two and 
point number three is, I mean, at the end of the day, you and me and our kids have to live in 
this world. You know, we are making chemicals, we need to do it in a responsible,  
Moderator: 
thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of the Saket Saurabh an individual 
investor, please. 

 
Page 15 of 16 
Saket Saurabh: 
I thank for the opportunity. So I have two questions. One, what could be the room that we 
have just from a volume growth standpoint, because it seems, last couple of quarters 
volumes have stagnated and we are talking work high utilization. That is one part, second 
question would be coming to cashflow. So I've been holding as well as tracking this company 
since camphor allied days this so free cash flows generation remains volatiles or sometimes 
to be on the negative side. Now, given that we are still not focusing on a long-term contract 
you talked about this non-alignment approach. Do you think that without those long-term 
contracts, we will be able to improve up on the cash flows because then we'll have better 
predictability of inventory or even no receivables payables on that front. So just thoughts on 
couple of these points 
Management: 
Sure. So I think on the technical side of the cash flows, Girish can answer the question on, in 
terms of, in terms of,, the advantage of staying on aligned is that if we, as a company, since 
we are in the business of fragrances and flavors, since 1955, have a decent understanding of 
the market and also the available market for the products that we manufacture we feel that 
it is in our interest to really be non-aligned and try to capture value rather than just kind of 
you know, going after some alignment and then getting some control of the inventory. So in 
terms of becoming a tool manufacturer at the end of the day, but, but  every company has his 
own. So this is, this is our in terms of absolute cash flows. I think you can, GK do you want to 
answer that part? 
Girish: 
So the absolute cash flows you are seeing since last two, three years, it is somewhere 
sometimes it is negative or sometimes it is positive. So I can say now we are putting these 
additional cash flows for the either in the CapEx side or in the working capital side. And as 
you know that in the next two years, we are going to do the CapEx of around 350-400 crores. 
So that additional cash flows we are putting into the CapEx majorly.  
Management: 
So, to answer your first part of the question, I mean, I think it's a good thing that as a 
company, we have been continuously investing in new plants or product expansions, right? 
From the 2018 multiproduct plant the expansion of that plant to increase capacity. And now 
this new plant in and plus some process re-engineering happening in Baroda plants 
happening in Bareli plant  given us additional volumes, all those volumes are taken up. So, 
you know, I, I think for us volume growth is the key. And that is why, we ensure that and we 
don't want to put everything in one day. So we build a plant, we validate the plant. Then we 
move on to the next one. And that is how we kind of are there globally offering new and 
newer products to the customers? 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Pushkar Jain from sequent 
investment. Please go ahead.  

 
Page 16 of 16 
Pushkar Jain: 
So this is a bit segment specific question what’s your demand or what's your look on the 
camphor segment of what's the margin contraction we have seen and how do you see it in 
the next few quarter? Thank you. 
Management: 
So, you know, broadly speaking camphor is you know, camphor is a seasonal product. And I 
think we kind of go to the off season for a few months in the next month or so point number 
one, point number two, I think we feel that the demand for camphor is stronger than ever. I 
mean, I don't see any drop in demand. pricing is a function for camphor where it is 
dependent on alpha pinene prices and B the prices that the other suppliers of camphor feel 
right. So, you know I think what is under our control is to ensure that we continuously 
manufacture the max capacity, that we, we try to sell it at the best realization possible that 
we do. And see, we continuously expand the capacity so that we are able to offer more and 
more products to the market. And, like I said, with our new facility MAHAD, when it comes 
up, you know, we probably will be the only one who will have a completely de-risked strategy 
on camphor. So we have multiple, multiple top points when it comes to camphor and we are 
addressing each one of them in terms of, in terms of realization. I think it's dependent on 
alpha pinene pricing, which currently is stable. So I think it should stay stable, the price, 
unless there is some aberration happening in the next few months.  
Pushkar Jain: 
So in the last we are not seeing any major margin contraction in the camphor segment, that 
is, is that a fair understanding? 
Management: 
So if you look at Oriental and have a camphor strategy going last few quarters, you know, if 
some quarters we had that advantage the pricing of camphor in the market was very high, 
whereas Oriental had that low cost inventory. So, you know, in those quarters we could 
actually gain more than the other gain. Now that everybody is on more or less a level playing 
field, I think if there's no contraction, but we will try to get the best possible value that we 
can get for them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I know, hand the conference 
over to Mr. Dharmil Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for closing comments. Thank 
you. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings call. I hope you've been able to answer your 
questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know about more 
about your company, we will be happy to be of assistance. We are sincerely very thankful to 
all our investors who stood by us and also had confidence in the company's growth plan and 
focus. And with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf Oriental Aromatics Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
