 
 
 
Date: 28th December 2021  
 
SEC/DEC/SE/N&B/2021  
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Scrip Code - PRECAM  
To 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001  
 
BSE Scrip Code - 539636 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Earnings Call with Investors/Analysts scheduled on Thursday, 18th 
November 2021 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Clause 15(a) of Schedule III, Part A, Para A read with Regulation 30 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015. Please 
find enclosed transcript of earrings call with analyst/investors held on Thursday, 18th November 2021. 
 
You are kindly requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours Faithfully 
For Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
__________________ 
Mayuri I. Kulkarni 
Company Secretary 
 
Disclaimer 
Transcript may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as of the date of this call. These statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
 
 
MAYURI ISHAN 
KULKARNI
Digitally signed by 
MAYURI ISHAN 
KULKARNI 
Date: 2021.12.28 
17:20:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Earnings Call to Discuss Operational & Financial Performance for Q2 FY2022 of Precision 
Camshafts Limited” 
 
November 18, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KARAN SHAH - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR - BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT - 
PRECISION CAMSHAFTS LIMITED 
MR. RAVINDRA R JOSHI - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - PRECISION CAMSHAFTS LIMITED 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Earnings Conference Call to 
discuss operational and financial performance for Q2 FY2022 of Precision 
Camshafts Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Today we have with us on 
the call Mr. Karan Shah – Whole-Time Director (Business Development) and 
Mr. Ravindra R Joshi - Whole-time Director & CFO. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Karan Shah. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I would like to 
thank you for being a part of the Precision Camshafts’ Q2 FY2021-2022 
Earnings Concall. I will start with an overview of the automotive industry and 
then get to the Company’s performance. 
 
The automotive industry has been going through some very difficult times 
starting with the COVID pandemic and more recently the supply shortages on 
semiconductors and higher commodity prices, which has put pressure on the 
global automotive OEMs and all ancillary businesses including ours. While 
experts predict that the constraints in the supply chain should ease by the end of 
next year it will be difficult to predict when things would actually get back to 
normal. Throughout these difficult times we continue to take care of our 
employees and our facilities around the world to ensure the highest levels of 
safety and also ensure readiness for customer demand.  
 
I am happy to share that despite these challenging times your company has 
delivered a 17.8% growth in revenues at a standalone basis and a 16% growth 
in revenues at a consolidated level compared to Q2 of the previous financial 
year. Beyond the growth in topline your company has delivered a 16% PAT at 
a standalone level and a 9.33% PAT at a consolidated level despite all the 
above-mentioned challenges. Just to give you an absolute numbers the 
Company has delivered profit after tax on a consolidated basis of Rs.20.38 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Crores in just this quarter compared to a consolidated PAT of -0.78Crores in 
the entire 2021. The management of the company has taken major steps to cost 
control in these times were also focusing on the growth of the business. The 
parent business PCL India has stabilized over the last year posting consistent 
results and growth in topline as well. PCL has been awarded several new 
businesses over the last two years which will help in better utilization. 
 
As informed in the 29th annual general meeting of the company PCL has won 
new business from Ford of USA, Renault Nissan India, Kia Motors India, Tata 
Motors, Fiat Europe, Jaguar Land Rover and Royal Enfield over the last two 
years. These businesses will fructify to max volumes in the coming two years. 
The Company has also started work on setting up a 15-megawatt captive solar 
plant which will further insulate the company from growing power cost in the 
future. In summary PCL India as a parent company continues to enjoy healthy 
margins and is poised for growth in the coming years. 
 
Coming to MEMCO the Company has seen consistent demand in the last four 
to five months owing to the pent-up demand in the CV market in India. This 
along with some new business development from customers has helped the 
company achieved circa 20% EBITDA margin in this quarter. Our objective at 
MEMCO is to diversify our product portfolio as well as customer base going 
forward. Significant measures to reduce cost have also been taken place at 
MEMCO including the commencement of a rooftop solar plant installation. 
 
Now coming to our Group Company MFT which is based in Germany. The 
Company has seen stabilization of business during these difficult times. 
However we still see challenges ahead due to the increasing COVID situation 
in Europe as well as the long-lasting impact of the semiconductor shortages. 
The new management team at MFT will steer the Company to better times in 
the coming years. In summary the groups ‘automotive component business is 
now well diversified in terms of product as well as customer base wherein no 
single customer contributes to more than 23% of revenues and the automotive 
component business is showing consistent growth in topline and in margins. 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Now coming to our e-mobility subsidiary EMOSS based in the Netherlands, the 
Company has registered significant growth in business over the last two years. 
Since we have completed the 100% acquisition of the Company in July 2020, 
we have focused the business on addition of new customers and technologies to 
the Company. While the traditional business of retrofitting, medium and heavy 
commercial vehicles continues, we now look forward to an exciting new 
journey as we partnered with several niche OEMs across Europe to provide 
them with ready to assemble electric driveline kits. The Company EMOSS has 
posted a topline of circa  ₹ 45 Crores in Q2 of FY2022 compared to revenues of 
circa ₹ 36 Crores in Q2 of 2021. The Company, ladies and gentlemen for the 
very first time has posted a positive EBITDA margin of 10% and a PAT margin 
of 7.5% for Q2 of FY2022. All the exceptional hits taken on the balance sheet 
pertaining to the previous financial year were completed in Q1 of FY2022 and 
all this is behind us now. We now look forward to a very exciting and a 
promising journey ahead at EMOSS.  
 
To tell you a little bit about the e-mobility drive in India, over the last one year 
the Company has retrofitted a mid-size passenger bus into a 100% electric bus 
in India, this vehicle is a major milestone for the PCL group as the electric 
driveline was designed and developed in the Netherlands but build ground up in 
India. The Company has already localized 60% of the electric driveline in the 
very first  attempt further indigenize in the upcoming vehicles. The team in 
India has also grown from just 2 to a size of 8 full time personnel working on 
electrification now. On October 18, 2021, the management of the company had 
the opportunity to present its e-bus and other electrical vehicles to the 
Government of Maharashtra, Shri. Sharad Pawar, President of NCP, Shri. 
Uddhav Thackeray, Honorable Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Shri. Ajit Pawar 
Honorable Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Shri. Aditya Thackeray, 
Shri. Sanjay Pandey, Shri. Ashish Kumar Singh, Shri. Avinash Dhakane and 
other officials were present at this meeting and gave the management a very 
patient hearing. The honorable audience appreciated all the work done by PCL 
and EMOSS and would further engage in discussions once more vehicle data is 
available from our side. The Company also signed an MoU with the Solapur 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Municipal Corporation on 3rd November 2021, to  provide SMC with three 
fully homologated electric light commercial vehicles on a “free of cost” 
returnable basis. The vehicles will be provided to SMC by the end of 2022. 
Based on a successful outcome and final validation of these trial vehicles SMC 
would float an e-tender on GeM as per the pilot vehicle specifications for 
additional vehicles. These vehicles will be used for waste collection application 
within the city. Solapur Municipal Corporation itself has 250 such vehicles and 
the numbers would be multifold across Maharashtra and India. The various 
meetings with the officials give the Company great confidence in the future of 
its e-mobility offerings in India. While the Company hopes to grow the India 
business in the coming three to four years our focus very much remains on the 
European market where the demand is consistently growing and we see great 
visibility in the order position till 2023 and beyond. I thank you now for joining 
this call and I will handover to Mr. Ravindra Joshi, our Director & CFO for 
providing financial updates. Thank you. 
Ravindra Joshi: 
Thank you very much Karan for giving brief detail about our company, future, 
and everything. Now I will go to the financials. 
 
First I will brief about the PCL: PCL sales for the first half year is ₹ 213.58 
Crores in which export is ₹ 114.48 Crores and domestic 99.27 Crores, EBITDA 
is 21%, PAT is 14.3%, and loan component is 37.31 Crores these are only of 
working capital and we have bank deposit of 40.58 Crores, the banks and 
mutual funds  ₹ 207.08 Crores, so totally approximately ₹ 250 Crores worth of 
bank, investments and deposit and we have given a corporate guarantee of 55 
Crores to Bank of Baroda UK and 20 Crores to Citi Bank for the loans taken.  
 
Now next Company is MEMCO, MEMCO sales is 23.93 Crores this is I am 
talking about first half year; EBITDA is 21.8%, PAT 11.8%, working capital 
loan is 3 Crores, term loan is 4.11 Crores and worth of mutual fund out of the 
generations to the tune of ₹ 9 Crores. 
 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Now we are coming back to the MFT: MFT the sale is 87.05 Crores, EBITDA 
10.7%, PAT -1.84%, working capital 21.64 Crores taken from the bank and 
term loan 46.28 Crores taken from the bank and  
 
EMOSS 94.23 Crores, EBITDA 3.22 %, PAT 0.35%, working capital NIL and 
bank loan NIL. 
 
Now coming back to the total loan components: PCL India has got 37.31 Cr , I 
am talking about the group, PCL NL  that is taken for the acquisition of the 
company it is 29.9 Crores, and MFT 67.92 Crores total 139 Crores including 
working capital.  
 
Now future investment: As Karan has already briefed about it. Solar power 
project PCL India has initiated installing its own solar power plant with a 
capacity of 15 megawatt for captive consumption considering the continuous 
increase in the power cost of the entity, the total cost of project would be 
around 56 Crores wherein the PCL will be saving approximately 9 Crores per 
annum on power cost and also there is a benefit of income tax. Now we are 
going to set up a greensand plant in Solapur up to the investment of 22 Crores 
wherein the resin coated sand cost will be reduced substantially. Induction 
Hardening: The  Company has proposed to invest into induction hardening 
equipment to support the requirement of induction hardening for camshafts for 
Maruti Suzuki. The said investment would be about 20 Crores.  
 
MEMCO the company has initiated installing the rooftop project. The cost of 
the project would be around 1.6 Crores and the company would be saving 
around 48 lakhs per annum.  
 
At MFT,  no investment is proposed as we are expecting a full utilization of - 
the expanded capacity in machine shop and 
 
EMOSS, there is no capital investment is required. Only additional space is 
required which is available on rent for additional business. 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Now I will tell you about the reason for EBITDA. There is an impact on 
EBITDA on PCL financials due to abnormal expenses like foreign exchange 
loss incurred in Q2 and exchange loss during the first quarter there is  
restatement on loan has been given to PCLNL  and the cost of major raw 
materials is also one of the one of the reasons for a decrease in EBITDA 
margin. MEMCO: Due to increase in raw material cost, the EBITDA margin 
for Q2 has decreased from 23% to 20%. For MFT there is abnormal income of 
3.32 Crores has been received against tooling for development of balancer shaft 
for PCL India hence the EBITDA shows increased to 12.26% from 9.25% as 
compared to Q1.  
 
EMOSS the EBITDA for Q2 stood at 9.97% when compared to 11% the major 
reason for decrease in EBITDA because of semiconductor issue.  
 
One more thing I want to highlight here is that PCL has recognized the 
intangible assets while in three subsidiaries. These intangible assets are 
amortized over a period of 7 years, the amount of such amortization is around 
16 to 17 Crores per annum in the consolidated financials of PCL India. This is 
just a notional entry and no cash outflows is involved. Right now we have 
already taken a hit of 56 Cr over the period of three to four years now only 30 
to 40 Crores remaining there which is up to 2022-2023. This is from my side 
and now anybody can ask questions on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Yash Agarwal from JM Financial Service. 
Please go ahead. 
Yash Agarwal: 
Hi and congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is on the 
standalone business so what was the utilization of the standalone business in 
the second quarter and how do we see it going ahead we have been hearing that 
from December onwards Toyota and all these global PV majors have guided 
for record production so how is the order book looking and how do we see our 
utilization panning out in the third and the fourth quarter? 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Ravindra Joshi: 
Presently our capacity utilization in second quarter machining is 56% and ass 
cast is  64%, in future machining will increase to 65% and ass cast may go up 
to 70%. This underutilization is mainly because of the semiconductor issues. 
Yash Agarwal: 
So the increased utilization will be in third quarter itself? 
Ravindra Joshi: 
No it again depends on the semiconductor issue. 
Karan Shah: 
It is very difficult to answer that question because we have no clarity at this 
point of time based on how the COVID and semiconductor situation continues 
to play out. So I think it is we have to be patient and watch. In terms of 
readiness we are ready to cope with additional demand whenever there is but at 
this point of time very difficult to say what the utilization would be in the next 
quarters. 
Yash Agarwal: 
But it would be better from what it was in the second quarter right is that 
something which it is getting better day by day? 
Karan Shah: 
We hope so. 
Yash Agarwal: 
In Emoss was there any supply side challenges which impacted the revenue or 
this was normalized quarter revenue for EMOSS? 
Karan Shah: 
Fairly normal quarter but I think there is a slight perhaps a very small different 
topline compared to Q1 and that is purely because in the month of August most 
of Europe is on summer vacations and lot of the production as well as demand 
is reduced in August which is why you see a slight dip perhaps but I think this 
is very normal at this time of the year. Other than that I think we have some 
supply chain constraints due to the semiconductor shortages but I think we are 
trying to manage this in the best way we can. 
Yash Agarwal: 
Have we got any orders from the Indian market for EMOSS? 
Karan Shah: 
No order so far. We are still in the process of development so it is we are not 
looking at saying that we are pushing for orders right now but we want to make 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 19 
sure that the product that we get to the market is of the highest quality it is the 
most reliable one and one that actually works. 
Yash Agarwal: 
We are operating on an annualized revenue run rate of 180 Crores or something 
in Emoss at the moment so what do you feel or what is conservatively your 
guidance for FY2023 or maybe two years down the line how much could 
EMOSS scale up to in your assessment? 
Karan Shah: 
Yash, as of now I cannot answer that so I am sorry but I cannot provide you 
with forward looking numbers. 
Yash Agarwal: 
My last question is what was the total component of one-off expenses in the 
EBITDA in the first quarter on a consolidated basis just the one-off 
components that we spoke about? 
Karan Shah: 
Joshi sir if you can answer this. 
Ravindra Joshi: 
I am not able to understand his question Karan. 
Karan Shah: 
Was there any one-off expenses in Q2 at a consolidated level and if there were 
any can you please let him know. 
Ravindra Joshi: 
I told you know because of the foreign exchange loss the EBITDA has come 
down. 
Yash Agarwal: 
I just want to know the total amount. 
Ravindra Joshi: 
Abnormal total amount is 3.5 Crores. 
Yash Agarwal: 
About 3.5 Crores, right? 
Ravindra Joshi: 
3.5 Crores yeah 
Yash Agarwal: 
Okay thank you, that is all from my side. 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from HG Hawa 
& Co. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Since our capacity utilization is down due to the semiconductor shortage have 
we tried at all in the export markets if some material could be sold and steel is 
still cheaper in India so that difference also could probably work in our favor? 
Karan Shah: 
Almost 60% of our business is exports anyway we are supplying to all major 
OEMs around the world and it is not a product that we do camshaft is not 
something that we can start supplies of development at short notice like this it 
typically takes two-and-a-half years to develop a camshaft that goes into a 
vehicle so I think at this point of time just as all other ancillary and automotive 
companies are facing some heat due to the semiconductor shortages I think we 
have to be patient in getting through this because I think one thing is there that 
there will be pent-up demand because of the shortages right now and we hope 
that in the coming year that there will be an increase across the globe not just 
India. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Do you feel that any cost cutting measures could be taken and have we taken 
any such measures? 
Karan Shah: 
Absolutely a lot of cost cutting measures have been taken place which is why 
we see the increased margins despite the flat revenue so if you look at the 
additional solar power plant that we are putting up to reduce expenses. Mr. 
Joshi explained regarding the greensand plant that we would intent to put up to 
reduce sand cost, there are some certain cost cutting initiatives taken place 
across all the companies so for sure this is being done to protect margins. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Jain, individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Shubham Jain: 
Congratulations for a fantastic set of numbers in Q2. I had a couple of 
questions one is last time I had asked you we were trying to shift away from the 
camshaft business into other precision compotent business which will be non-
automotive. It has been a quarter and some work has started on that and I 
wanted to just check with you on this because we wanted to see what 
percentage of revenue start flowing from the nonautomotive business which we 
are planning to start, second is on Emoss you had also said that there will be 
some amount of component for the Emoss vertical which you will be now 
starting to get exported out of India even we are basically developing those 
components here in India and then exporting out to Netherlands to reduce the 
cost further and increase the margins in the European markets for Emoss 
business so I wanted to know if there are any updates in these two points? 
Karan Shah: 
Yeah, I think on both fronts there is a lot of work going on and I cannot explain 
all the details on this call because we are working with a lot of customers to 
develop this, obviously we only spoke about this last quarter so I cannot give it 
in three months but I think as we said we have a plan at PCL to have at least 
20%, 25% of revenues coming from non-camshaft business by 2025 and we are 
very much on track to look at such a target, we are working with several 
customers to develop products that are in fact non-engine related so I think 
good progress going on there. As far as Emoss is concerned lot of trial 
validation process is going on in terms of localization and seeing how gross 
margins at Emoss can be improved but regardless I think at Emoss as the 
company grows we have better leverage to negotiate with our suppliers, we 
have better cost improvement opportunities in Emoss itself at this point of time 
which is why you see the company has posted a positive profit after tax for the 
very first time since we have acquired it and I think this speaks great volume is 
about the business development side and the cost side of thing and I think we 
are very proud to have the results that we have posted this time and I think we 
can only improve from here on. 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Shubham Jain: 
As a follow-on question do we envisage the semiconductor issue having impact 
on the Emoss revenues in the months to come or we are relatively well 
insulated from the semiconductor issue at Emoss at least? 
Karan Shah: 
I would not say it is fully insulated there are certain challenges in the supply 
chain, as of now we are managing them as best as we can and we do not see 
any immediate effects on revenues in the coming months or quarters but if the 
situation gets worse of course it will start affecting us but the only hope that it 
is getting eased out from here on. 
Shubham Jain: 
Thank you Karan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sudheer Padiyar 
from Consultant Capital Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
Hi Karan many thanks for taking my query. I had a couple of questions focused 
on Emoss so one is are there any sort of laws or regulatory provisions which 
actually prohibit sort of easy launch of retrofit electrical kits in the passenger 
vehicle segment? 
Karan Shah: 
You mean in India? 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
Yes, in India or can anyone actually launch a retrofit kit electric kit? 
Karan Shah: 
Sorry I did not get your question if you can please repeat it are you saying that 
are there any regulatory provisions to restrict the retrofitting is that what you 
are asking? 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
Yes, so what I am saying is can anyone actually launch an electric retrofit kit in 
India or are the regulatory approvals which are required for anyone to launch a 
retrofit kit? 
Karan Shah: 
No, of course there are regulatory approvals required as in the case of our first 
bus that we have retrofitted here in India we did this in close cooperation with 
the Automotive Research Association of India which is a regulatory body 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 19 
comes under the Ministry of Heavy Industries as well as Rail and Transport so 
there is a lot of regulatory process, there is a lot of component level testing, 
vehicle level testing, safety testing, lot of bench testing that has to happen 
before our kit can be approved by ARAI to be fitted into a vehicle so I think 
one of the good things is a lot of these steps has been done by us already for a 
specific type of vehicle so we know the process fairly well so going forward 
when we are doing new types of vehicles new type of kits we know exactly 
what the expectation is from the regulatory body but it is not that somebody can 
come in tomorrow and buy the same components that we do and supply a kit 
that is not possible. 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
Alright and just pardon my ignorance Karan but are these regulations also 
applicable to all other automotive segments for example three-wheelers, two-
wheelers, passenger car? 
Karan Shah: 
Every car or let us put it every vehicle that is driven on Indian roads has to go 
through this process which is basically called homologation and the 
homologation process is done at ARAI or similar institutes across India. 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
Because a general surf on online actually shows a couple of retrofit companies 
actually in two-wheelers, three-wheelers, and other things so I was just 
wondering so what kind of competitive intensity do we envisage for our 
company for Emoss in particular? 
Karan Shah: 
I think this is a very nascent industry there are very few people in India doing 
this some are doing it well some are starting up I think what we bring to the 
table or what we bring differently is the tremendous experience that Emoss has 
over the last 10 years working on electrification of commercial vehicle. So in 
one of the presentation mentioned that we have about 600 vehicles that we have 
developed electrified till now and these 600 vehicles have driven more than 100 
million miles total that is the amount of data that we have to basically say how 
do we quickly deploy that data and that experience in the India context make 
sure that the supply chain is from India to be cost competitive in India and 
bring a high-quality product to the market. So I think we do have let us put it 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 19 
like this a head start and I think that industry is very small right now and I think 
there is room for everybody to grow right now. 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
One last question so obviously I hear you that 60% of your production is 
already kind of indigenized and you plan to indigenize the balance also in the 
next couple of quarters but at what price point in your assessment would Indian 
consumers be ready to kind of take the retrofit case actually? 
Karan Shah: 
I think it is not the price point it is about the ROI right so if you think about a 
vehicle which you convert into electric and if you can recover that additional 
investment whatever it might be right it might be 10 lakhs or 50 lakhs or 90 
lakhs depending on the type of vehicle and the type of range that you are 
looking for. As long as the customer has the opportunity to recover this money 
in two, three, four years then it becomes a very, very attractive option for a 
customer because at the end of that recovery period we are saving tremendous 
amount of money for the rest of the life of this vehicle. I cannot tell you a 
number right now to convert this type of vehicle it will cost so much and 
convert this type of vehicle it will cost so much because we are  have done one 
retrofitting so it is very hard to say how the next 100 or the next 1000 will look 
like but of course we are very much aware of the cost competitiveness that is 
required for the Indian market which is why on further vehicles that we are 
developing especially on the LCV side which is used for last mile transport we 
are being extremely conscious about this ROI matrx which will become the 
setting point for the customer. 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
I am saying that you do not feel that the price point is not the determinant in 
that sense of it the price point that a better ROI will not discourage anyone 
from actually just buying. 
Karan Shah: 
No. 
Sudheer Padiyar: 
Thanks a lot Karan. 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Shah from Sumangal 
Investment Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Shah: 
We have booked some income by way of cancelation of orders so will this 
income be repeated in the coming quarters? 
Ravindra R. Joshi: No, this is only one time this is a compensation for the loss of the business and 
this is only one time. 
Vipul Shah: 
Previously you have given the data of number of machined camshaft and un-
machined camshaft so why we have stopped sharing those details? 
Ravindra R. Joshi : You mean to say on the presentation? 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes. 
Ravindra R. Joshi: We have not stopped but we did not add it.We will add it. 
Vipul Shah: 
So if I want means should I drop you a mail Sir? 
Ravindra R. Joshi: You can drop the mail or we will update that in the presentation. 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes, so if you can add that part it will be better. 
Ravindra R. Joshi: Okay. 
Vipul Shah: 
Lastly what is the R&D run rate per annum at Emoss and the expenditure? 
Karan Shah: 
I will get back to you with an exact number on this. 
Vipul Shah: 
If you can say any ballpark figure it will be fine. 
Karan Shah: 
It should be approximately 2% to 3% at this point of time. 
Vipul Shah: 
2% to 3% of the revenue? 
Karan Shah: 
Yeah. 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Vipul Shah: 
Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Jain, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Jain: 
Karan one more question I had at my end. Are we seriously looking at the two-
business side one is the retrofitting of vehicles and the second is supplying the 
entire drive line to OEMs what is the strategy forward in terms of become a 
full-fledged OEM supplier or moving deeper into this retrofitting segment I 
means what gives us more margins as a company and where do we see 
ourselves because once if you tie up with an OEM it becomes a long-lasting 
relationship in terms of supplying drive line kits? 
Karan Shah: 
Yeah I think we will continue to do this because there is demand for both but 
since the time of acquisition we have pushed the business more towards the 
partnerships with OEMs and the kit supplies to OEMs because that is the real 
business where we can scale get to big volumes get to real revenues and have 
this healthy margins so the retrofits will still continue to happen these are one 
off, three off, ten off kind of vehicles which require a lot of engineering work, 
lot of development cost, etc., that goes into each vehicle because everyone is 
different when we can start consolidating and saying that we can provide kits to 
a specific chassis or a specific body kind it becomes more efficient for us. 
Shubham Jain: 
Thanks Karan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
Thank you for this opportunity Sir. My question again relate to more of a EV 
business what we are trying to do in India so you said that ROE will drive the 
purchase of the customer so considering whatever experience you have and the 
percentage of 60% you had done indigenization in India so at current point of 
time whether the ROE is better than the people who are already there in the 
market or how it is at current point of time? 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you for the question Sir. I really cannot give you a clear answer on this 
because we have only built one vehicle, the cost related to purchasing 
components for one vehicle is very different from when we do it as scale so the 
ROI will never work when we are doing one vehicle because all costs are 
attached to that we are only buying one off components although they are 
localized we are buying one off or two off at the most so this will only start I 
will only be able to give you a more valid or a more fair answer once we start 
talking about larger numbers and I think that when we start we are focusing on 
a few type of applications and not doing everything that comes to our table and 
when we start looking the LCVs in a more bigger way I think we would have a 
much clearer picture as to what ROIs look like, what is the selling price of a kit, 
how much time will it take to recover the cost, etc., so hard to answer that right 
now. 
Sunil Jain: 
Great Sir thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Desai from Excel 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Desai: 
Good afternoon, I joined this call late so I am not sure this question has been 
answered. Regarding your India plant in your last call you said that you are 
maybe five years away any change to that or is it likely to happen much sooner 
I am talking about EV and Emoss? 
Karan Shah: 
I think if you want to look at the significant chunk of revenue coming from EV 
in India I think we are still looking at four to five years away. 
Amit Desai: 
Okay, that was the only question I had. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Jain, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Jain: 
Karan one more question I have with respect to India. So we have already EV 
buses coming in India where JBM Auto launching some buses and even BYD 
in partnership with Olectra has been something in India. Is  there any talks with 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 19 
the bus manufacturers and shaft manufacturers like Ashok Leyland or probably 
Eicher and Tata Motors and all these guys because we are anyway supplying to 
most of them from the camshaft side of business in terms of starting 
engagements with them on supplying EV driveline kits to LCV and MCVs 
which these guys are producing in India? 
Karan Shah: 
For sure we are in talk with OEMs but I cannot disclose to you with whom and 
what at this point of time. 
Shubham Jain: 
Is there a possibility that if something gets fructified the plans are launching in 
India can get accelerated and move ahead of time? 
Karan Shah: 
Yeah. 
Shubham Jain: 
Fine Sir. Thank you Karan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Shah from Sumangal 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Shah: 
Can you breakup your Emoss revenue into retrofitting and supply to original 
OEMs? 
Ravindra Joshi: 
That figure we don’t have if you requires then you can send a mail and we will 
give the information. 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, you can please write to us we will get back to you. 
Vipul Shah: 
That is fine but I just want to know how scalable that business is particularly 
supplying driveline to OEMs means can you give any ballpark figure of what 
will be the content per vehicle in euro or dollar? 
Karan Shah: 
It is very hard to define content per vehicle because every vehicle is different if 
you are talking about a 50 ton vehicle the content per vehicle is €300000, if you 
are talking about a small LCV it is €10000 it is very, very different so hard to 
define but I think what I can tell you for sure is that because of the additional 

 
 
 
        Precision Camshafts Limited 
November 18, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 19 
businesses that we have got from OEMs let us say the yearly revenue has 
increased from near 40 Crores just three years ago touching 150, 160 Crores 
this year so based on the current run rate so you can see that there is a lot of 
traction based on these new customers that we have. 
Vipul Shah: 
So bulk of the growth is coming from OEM segment only right? 
Karan Shah: 
Majority, Yeah. 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Karan Shah for closing comments. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you very much for joining this earnings call for Q2 FY2022. I hope we 
have been able to answer most of your queries and we do look forward to your 
participation in the next quarter and we thank you again for your continuous 
support in your Company. 
 
Ravindra R. Joshi:       Thank You  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Precision Camshafts Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may disconnect your 
lines. 
