 
 
 
11/13 Botawala Building 1st Floor Office No 2-6 Horniman Circle Fort Mumbai 400 001 India 
Tel: 91-22-6121-8400 | Fax: 91-22-61218499 
Registered Office: 1, Bishop Lefroy Road, Kolkata – 700 020 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L15491WB1962PLC031425 
Email: investor.relations@tataconsumer.com 
Website: www.tataconsumer.com 
October 28, 2021 
 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code – TATACONSUM 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing 
Rotunda Building, PJ Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code - 500800 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Ltd.  
7 Lyons Range 
Kolkata 700 001 
 
Scrip 
Code 
– 
10000027 
(Demat) 
27 (Physical) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of the Transcripts of Conference Call held on Monday, October 25, 2021, in 
respect of the Financial results for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2021.  
 
The same can also be viewed at: https://www.tataconsumer.com/investors/financial-information/call-
transcripts  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consumer Products Limited 
                        
 
 
Neelabja Chakrabarty 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Tata Consumer Products Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. MANOJ MENON - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL D'SOUZA - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - TATA CONSUMER PRODUCTS 
LIMITED 
MR. L KRISHNAKUMAR - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - TATA CONSUMER 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
MR. AJIT KRISHNAKUMAR - CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER - TATA CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 
MS. NIDHI VERMA - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS & 
COMMUNICATION - TATA CONSUMER PRODUCTS 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
of Tata Consumer Products Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Manoj Menon, Head of Research, ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Manoj Menon: 
A very good morning, good afternoon, good evening depending on the part of the world 
you are joining from and also a warm seasons greetings to all of you given the festive 
season just about in going through in India at this point. As I said it is our absolute pleasure 
to host Tata Consumer Products Limited management for the Q2 FY2022 results earnings 
call. The company is represented today by Mr. Sunil D'Souza, Managing Director and CEO, 
Mr. L Krishnakumar, Executive Director and Group CFO, Mr. Ajit Krishnakumar, Chief 
Operating Officer and Ms. Nidhi Verma, Head Investor Relations and Communication. 
Now over to Nidhi for the further proceedings. Thank you. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thanks Manoj. Good morning everyone and hope you had a good weekend and had the 
time to go through our presentation and some of the investor materials. So for today’s 
presentation, we will spend about 20 minutes going through some of the key highlights and 
performance updates which Sunil will do and then we will straight away dive into question 
and answers. I will just quickly draw your attention to the disclaimer statement if you can 
just look through this and I would now hand it over to Sunil. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Thanks Nidhi. I will quickly jump on straight to the executive summary for the quarter, give 
you a highlight of where we are on our strategic priorities and a broad snapshot of our 
businesses and the outlook as we see it going forward. In the interest of keeping it crisp I 
am presuming that quite a lot of you would have had the time to go through this deck on the 
weekend, I will try and hit the big points. So if I go to slide #6 during the quarter 
consolidated revenue grew 11%. Just to put in perspective last year same quarter we had 
two businesses which we had divested which is Empirical Food Service business in the US 
and map out of home coffee business in Australia and that is why we are saying ex-
international food service business. Bringing the two year CAGR to 14%, India was very 
strong growth, we had 14% growth on the India beverage business with 2% volume growth, 
but this 2% came on the back of strong volume growth in the same quarter last year. India 
foods business going from strength to strength with 16% volume, 23% revenue. 
International business grew 3% it was almost flat, i.e. 0.5% actually in constant currency 
terms cycling a elevated base driven by pantry loading that we had seen last year same 
quarter. Just to put it in perspective Q1 last year was the peak of the pantry loading, Q2 was 
the bit of tapering, Q3, Q4 had come back to normalcy, so more or less the international 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 20 
business in terms of the macro outlook is now back to normal. Tea cost inflation which was 
impacting our margins has tapered off and we have seen sequential improvement in gross 
margin for the second consecutive quarter and you could expect margins improving quarter-
on-quarter at least for the next two or three quarters as we go forward. 
 
EBITDA margin for the quarter was up by 50-basis points versus last quarter, but down 60-
basis points year-on-year and primarily driven by ATL investments in India business behind 
brand building being up by 75% year-on-year. We continue to drive efficiencies in working 
capital, we have had reduction of 16 days in working capital versus last year and about 
1700-basis points improvement in free cash flow to EBITDA conversion versus the same 
quarter last year. In terms of results exactly what I have talked about 2% volume, 14% 
revenue in India beverages, 16% volume, 23% in India foods, U.S. coffee volume was flat, 
constant currency growth was 1%. International tea volume growth of 1% flat in revenue 
terms constant currency, overall therefore 11% revenue growth translating to Rs.3033 
Crores of topline. Quickly H1 I will not go through all the detailed numbers, but overall 
even for H1 it is 11% consolidated revenue growth at Rs.6042 Crores. 
 
In terms of margins overall and growth percentages, EBITDA was up by 5%, margin down 
60-basis points that flowed through into group net profit. Again 5% growth on group net 
profit, margin 9.4 negative 40-basis points, EPS growth year-on-year is 4% now, group net 
profit Rs.302 Crores and we are sitting with Rs.2250 Crores of cash. Quick highlight on 
strategic priorities. Just to highlight and recap- we have defined six strategic priorities -  
strengthen and accelerating our core businesses, driving digital and innovation, unlocking 
synergies and focus on cost, creating capabilities and talent and future ready organization, 
exploring new opportunities both organic and inorganic and embedding sustainability. 
 
Now in terms of brands, we talked about 75% increased in ATL spends this quarter, high 
focus across the country, we have invested in the south behind Chakra and Kanan Devan. 
Tetley, as the economy has opened up and more on premise and premium outlets get 
opened up, we have focused behind that. Soulfull which we had focused on integrating in 
the first 40, 45 days or so of the quarter, we have now started ramping up with A&P and 
you should see a product pipeline starting to come out in line with our plans. Salt ,same 
thing we have focused on building out salt ATL, all in you would see increase on 
distribution and ATL starting to play out in our share gains, tea up by 170-basis points 
nearly and salt, a very good 440-basis points growth versus same quarter last year. 
 
We had committed to getting to one million outlets in 12 months, the good news is we are 
ahead of that number. 1.1m is the number that we hit in September, so time to raise the bar. 
We are moving the target to 1.3 million outlets by FY2022. We had also committed saying 
we will increase total reach to 2x of where we were, which was two million outlets in 
September 2020. In 36 months, we have already moved it by 30% so we are exiting at 2.6 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 20 
million outlets in September and continuing to add every quarter. Other thing apart from 
expanding distribution is to make sure that our team focuses on beyond tea and base salt, so 
we have started a premium DSR program, we now cover about 17000 outlets with 
additional sales people only focusing on the premium part of the portfolio and the new 
brands that we are launching. Sampann, Tetley, Coffee and Soulfull is an example here. 
 
E-commerce just to recap, we had started with 2.5% when we started our journey as Tata 
Consumer Products, it is now up to 7% of sales continuing to show robust growth up 39% 
this quarter, institutional channel which we had started off is now delivering strong results 
up 117%. The NourishCo business, which we are quite bullish on and we had bought this 
and we were clear that we are going to expand geographically and portfolio.Portfolio work 
has started you will see that in a bit, but outlets up by 49% year-on-year. Rural, which is 
where we have opportunity more than urban I would say and we had started appointing 
rural distributors, we are now up to 4000 plus distributors aiming to exit 5000 by March. 
 
Innovation- continuing the focus expanding the range of Sonnets, Tata Gluco Plus jelly 
which we expect to be a blockbuster started off on a very strong wicket in the NourishCo 
portfolio, partnered with Tesco and the Loop system to get reusable tins into the UK 
business and as I mentioned Soulfull now that we have finished integration, we are at 4x the 
number of outlets that we used to or they used to service.We now starting our new product 
pipelines, this is one of the first Soulfull 0% added sugar Muesli and we have now launched 
Rs.10 Soulfull Ragi Bites into the market. Sustainability remains a focus. I already talked 
about Loop.We are one of the founder signatories on the India plastics pact. We have 
focused on better communities, we started this program in Jharkhand.Apart from that we 
have an MoU with the Indian Institute of Millets Research, millets is a more sustainable 
crop and it is a strategic portfolio product -helps us and helps the environment. 
 
Our sustainability efforts have got recognized, we have been rated A by MSCI ESG ratings, 
Sustainalytics has moved us up from severe to medium in their last update and CRISIL 
released their first India’s ESG report in which we are in the top set of FMCG companies. 
Quickly, GDP- all key markets in which we operate starting to recover. Commodities, tea 
prices starting to come off their highs, they are in the middle if I may, but now sort of range 
bound. That said it is  significantly below where they were in September, October of 2020, 
but they are still above where they started in September October 2019, so somewhere in 
between. But our pricing actions have already happened to a large extent and therefore we 
would expect margins to be moving up from here on. A slight bit of an uptick on Kenyan 
teas with the new Kenyan tea act which has got passed, it is a wait and watch for that for 
now. Coffee I am sure all of you are aware it has moved up significantly from where it was, 
it has both positives and negative for us. We have got to deal with increased coffee buying 
prices in the US, but Tata Coffee which is our listed subsidiary gets the benefit in terms of 
plantations and little bit in terms of its extraction business. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Moving straight to business performance. I’ll start with India Packaged Beverages, 2% 
volume, 10% revenue, 168-basis points of market share gain. Now just to clarify that  
market share gain, Nielsen has not released its September report, we have taken a rolling 
three months, so this is June, July, August number, but we would expect September to be 
coming in slightly better than this, but we are keeping fingers crossed on that piece. EBIT 
margin has been on an upward trajectory as the inflation has tapered off and we continued 
to be market leaders in the e-commerce channel. 
 
On India foods, 16% volume, 23% revenue very strong performance. Premium salt grew by 
42%, Tata Sampann grew nearly 30% on a base which was close to 30% in the same quarter 
last year as well. The EBIT margin for the quarter however was impacted by the portfolio 
mix, the mix between Sampann and salt, the investment behind Soulfull, increased A&P 
behind the India foods business and other expenses including logistics and freight.  
 
NourishCo I talked about 121% revenue growth. Year-to-date they will be up by 107%. 
Strong performance and now with out of home opening we do expect them to accelerate. I 
talked about new product innovation- Fruski which we had done a pilot on successfully and 
therefore starting expansion and Tata Gluco Plus, the jelly introduction has got off to a very 
strong launch. 
 
Tata Coffee, plantations was negative 24%, but extractions was positive, but very strong 
delivery on the EBIT line, but topline was a bit muted because of tea and lower realization 
even in pepper.  
 
Tata Starbucks as the out of home has opened up, very strong recovery in the quarter and 
we continue our journey of opening stores. In the quarter, they opened 14 stores. Now they 
are up to 233, now they are present in 19 cities which includes Jaipur, 88% of stores are 
reopened. The good news is September 2020 same store sales is now 94% index to 
September 2019, so that shows consumer is coming back in the stores where expanded 
footprint will start paying dividends quickly. 
 
In terms of international, the UK 1% revenue. The good news is our three brand strategy 
which is primarily to deal with the fact that we need to move from being just a black tea 
company into the fruit and herbals, speciality andin premium spaces is starting to pay 
results. Very strong growth on teapigs as well as, if you include Good Earth as well, we are 
starting to see traction in our overall tea share in the UK. US coffee revenue growth of 1%, 
tea which  had gone through strong bump last year in the pantry loading is now starting to 
normalize. Coffee bag share flat. to slight bit of a pressure, but we are confident we can get 
it back very quickly. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Canada ,again they bore the brunt of the lockdown, because the Canada lockdown 
continued for quite sometime and pantry loading also given by the fact that we are the 
number one tea brand there was very high base last year, but now coming back to normalcy. 
Market share continues to be a very strong story out here.Tetley gained share led by regular 
tea outpacing the category and specialty tea growing in line with the category. Now I hand 
over to L.K. for the financial performance. L.K. over to you. 
L Krishnakumar: 
Thanks Sunil and good morning everyone. I will take you through a few slides of the 
financial performance starting with highlights for the quarter ended September. On a 
standalone basis revenue increased by 14% from 1736 to 1988 reflecting the growth in 
India beverages and foods business, EBITDA grew by 6% and in the later slides we will 
talk through some of the reasons why EBITDA growth has been lower. Consolidated 
performance revenue up by 9%, 11% on like to like basis adjusting for exit. We had the 
food service business last year which we exited, so adjusting for that we grew 11% but out 
of that the growth in the India branded business was 17% with beverages growing by 14% 
and India foods growing by 23%. Vietnam and Tata Coffee including-Vietnam was flat, so 
was the international business, adjusting for exits. EBITDA growth was 5%, we saw gross 
margin improvement in India Beverages as tea cost came down, there was improved 
performance in the extraction business of Tata Coffee and there was higher investment 
behind brands in India. 
 
So if we move on to the next slide which is the financials on a standalone basis. Revenue 
14%, we have talked about that earlier with beverages 14% and foods by 23%. EBITDA 
growth lower at 6%. Just, we need to look at an EBITDA margin of 13.5% compared to 
14.6%. Now if you compare the EBITDA movement versus the same period last year, we 
will see that gross margin is improving with commodity cost coming off, but increases have 
been in the A&P line as well as in other expenses. There is higher investment behind A&P 
in this quarter, it is not a reflection of all quarters to come. On the other expenses, which is 
again some  part is to do with Soulfullinvestment .With increase in freight and inflation cost 
and some amount of fixed cost investment for building a platform for future growth. So all 
these are contributors and we expect EBITDA margin to show an increasing trend. 
 
PAT 9.5% compared to 9.8% in the same period in the previous year. If you move on, H1 
revenue up by 18%, strong growth by India businesses, EBIT down by 9%. Again it is 
reflection of tea cost in the earlier parts which is now leveling up, PAT higher by 22%. 
Overall we have also had the benefit of final dividend from overseas companies in the 
earlier quarter which is why on a standalone basis we are seeing an improvement in 
profitability. Moving on to the consolidated performance. For the quarter, revenue from 
operations up by 11% adjusting for exit, EBITDA again 13.9% lower than 14.4%. Reasons 
I explained earlier primarily to do with higher investment and A&P, a little bit of margin 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 20 
erosion on the foods business which we will talk about in a moment and some inflationary  
cost increases as well as some fixed cost investment. 
 
PBT before exceptional items 364 up from 345 with 5% increase, PAT 261 at 12% increase 
and group net profit increase is lower, if you look at the share of net profit from JVs and 
Associates, you will see that it is lower from the same period in the previous year, Two 
main movements- loss of Starbucks is lower than in the previous year. Profit of APPL and 
north India plantation is slightly lower than the previous year, so these two are reflected in 
the share of profit from JVs and Associates. Starbucks has got very strong growth trajectory 
especially in the last two months, so we are very confident about the rest of the year, it will 
be a phenomenal story for Starbucks. Six months performance, again we have talked 
through the trends and underlying trends, revenue growth of 10% and the profits is lower 
because of impact of tea cost and some amount of investment. 
 
Moving on to the segment performance, India Beverages higher by 14% and we talked 
through the reason earlier and Sunil went it in detail. Segment results  higher by 17% reflect 
impact with improved gross margin due to lower tea cost. Notwithstanding higher 
investment there is an improvement in profitability compared to revenue growth. India 
Foods saw growth of 23% and a decline in EBIT margin and as Sunil mentioned small 
impact on gross margin as Sampann continues to grow. There is also investment behind 
Soulfull, there is higher tA&P investment, there is inflation in freight and logistic cost and 
there is some fixed cost investment for infrastructure. So all these are contributors, we do 
not expect this trend to be there forever, we would certainly see the margins improvement 
from where we are today. 
 
International business adjusting for exits, flat topline growth, some improvement in margins 
because of better management of commodity cost. Non branded business- its a good period 
for extraction with improved profitability, we are seeing a 19% growth in profits. The 
segment wise contribution India beverages 46% of revenues and 48% of EBIT, India Foods 
26% of revenue and 21% of EBIT, international 28% and 31%.  So these are the highlights 
for the quarter and I handoverto Sunil for the outlook. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Thanks L.K. Overall in terms of the macros I think we are seeing the second wave is 
receding ,vaccination progressing and therefore leading to a fast recovery, we have already 
seen the impact in the Starbucks and Nourishco business of the opening up of the economy. 
Our international markets are seeing a return to pre-COVID demand trends and I think we 
are now entering a period of stable demand unless …your guess as good as mine on 
whether there is a third wave, right now we do not see that as a very high risk out here. We 
continue to stay focused on driving growth in the core business while adding new levers 
across different functions. India Package Beverages as I mentioned to you has seen a 
moderation in tea cost. That said, right now pricing is range bound, but we will be dynamic 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 20 
in pricing to make sure we are driving competitive volume and value growth. Just as a 
perspective, whether you take MAT last 12 weeks, last four weeks, we have had constant 
uptick in market share and we intend to continue driving that as we build margin into the 
business. Momentum on the India Foods business topline should continue with focus on 
distribution and investment behind brand and innovation. You have seen in the jump on salt 
share, you have seen  the Sampann growth coming back, we intend to keep pressing the 
accelerator on these. The out of home business is fast moving towards normalization, 
Starbucks is recovering and Nourishco growth momentum should continue/accelerate from 
here on. Inflationary trends especially in the India business ,more in the foods business than 
in the beverage business especially the cost of coal and energy. Apart from that packaging, 
freight also starting to emerge which we will be addressing via cost optimization, 
productivity, focus on revenue management to try and mitigate this impact. And we will 
continue to streamline operations and we are working on simplification of the international 
business. So that is the broad outlook, with that  back to you Nidhi. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thanks Sunil. Moderator, we can just go to the Q&A queue now for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Aditya Soman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Good morning. Just two questions, firstly on tea prices you indicated that obviously we 
should expect steady improvement in gross margin and potentially lower tea prices, but 
there have been some articles on the impact of higher coal prices so may be can you give us 
some perspective on how relevant that is and how much of an impact that  will have. And 
secondly in terms of higher advertising and promotion spends, you did indicate some brands 
in your commentary but can you again give us more color on which segments are the 
spends and the trajectory for those may be over the next year? Thanks. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
On the tea prices actually if I just provide some color around it, I think the initial bump last 
year was supply demand mismatch and that is why we have seen this rapid inflation. It has 
started coming down apart from a brief uptick at the end of Q1 where two things happened. 
There was a bit of drought conditions in Assam and then with the second lockdown I think 
there was a bit of fear thing that will it be the same impact as Q1 of last year, that did not 
happen. That said there has been a bit of issues on rainfall etc., and that is why you have not 
seen it taper down more than what it has. While we do think there is a little bit of impact on 
fuel, coal etc., happening out there, we do not expect to be as severe as what we had seen 
last year. That said, like I mentioned I think we have been dynamic on pricing to make sure 
a) we are competitive, b) we are making sure that we are building in consumer elasticity 
into the equation and most importantly maintaining volume and market share trajectory. So 
we will stay close to this. Yes, your guess is as good as mine as to how much up or down 
the whole piece moves because remember supply will go up, but there might be a pressure 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 20 
on cost so that equation has to bear out, so keeping fingers crossed and we will continue to 
make movements as we see these prices move up or down, so that is number one. Number 
two- on the ATL spends I would like to highlight that I think we have made this statement 
earlier that we were not spending as much as we would have liked or as much as we needed 
to spend to build competitive strengths for our brands because ultimately building brands 
gives you more pricing power and builds margins in the portfolio and therefore you will see 
the spends going up. It is not that we are spending across all different brands, we have got a 
very clear target brand architecture that we are targeting towards and those are the brands 
we are spending behind, so you would have seen big money going behind the premium end 
of the portfolio in tea, for example Tetley, Gold, Premium, Agni is one where we are 
starting to build the brand apart from just distribution. In the foods business, salt, premium 
salt is the focus, Sampann which is a new brand for us to build is the focus. So coming from 
behind, coming on to par, so while you are seeing percentages versus last year going up, if 
you look at it as a percentage of sales from TCPL and compare it to our peers I think we are 
just about catching up now. 
Aditya Soman: 
I understand I think I am very clear on second bit, I think on the tea price again, can you 
give us a sense of what component or what proportion of total tea cost or food cost would 
be fuel and coal? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I do not think it will be significant enough, but that said I think Nidhi can get back to you 
separately on that exact piece. 
L Krishnakumar: 
That impact is more significant in the food business, not very significant as far as beverages 
goes. 
Aditya Soman: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. First pertains to margin 
expansion or at least positive guidance that you have given on beverage business side. So 
just wanted to get some insights on competitive intensity here, because we are fighting or 
we are competing at a lot of unorganized/regional players who are very price sensitive, so 
when the benefit comes how much confident are we to retain the benefit to see it seeping 
down to March level so that is first question. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Over the last I think 12 to 18 months you would have seen very clearly, the large organized 
branded players gaining share and we have probably been in the top of the pack in terms of 
share gain. As prices normalize so to speak, given increased distribution, given innovation, 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 20 
given brand building, we do expect to continue to drive for share momentum. We have 
brands straddling across the whole price range if I may and if you actually look at our 
portfolio, I think we have got more of an opportunity to drive share in the mass premium to 
premium ends and that is where we have focused on building our brands. Butthat said, we 
even have opportunity on converting from loose to branded, that trend will continue. So 
there will be growth on both ends of the spectrum, one is from the unbranded to branded 
and the other one is I think we will continue to gain share from regional/locals, we remain 
quite confident about that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move to the next question which is from the line of Arnab Mitra from 
Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
I had actually one question on volume growth in tea, so I wanted to understand would we be 
in a period of bit of sluggish volume growth for few quarters now mainly because of two 
reasons. One is as the commodity prices correct, do we see some of the local players or 
loose tea becoming more competitive versus a bigger branded player like Tata because they 
would adjust prices down possibly more on spot basis and generally the trade also does not 
like to stock up when prices are doing down. And second you mentioned the high base, I 
think the second half base is also quite high for the tea business, so given these two, do you 
expect some bit of sluggishness in the near term in terms of tea volumes? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Referring specifically to the volume sluggishness in this quarter I would just say that I think 
in the last 12, 18 months it is hard to read quarter-on-quarter or cycling versus last year 
because of all the multiple things that have happened in the market. I just like to point out 
that we are cycling a very high growth number of last year and despite that, grown in this 
quarter, that is number one. Number two, losing shares to locals, remember this downward 
trend has started sometime around beginning of this calender year or it is trending 
downwards albeit in bits and spurts and despite trending downwards, the organized players 
have gained share, so the local A and local B as we call them have actually lost share and 
there is no reason for us to say that trend will turn dramatically. You are right about the fact 
that there might have been a downstocking when the first round of price stabilization 
happened, but I think given the fact that we are, at least in the Indian context ,we count in 
consumer staples I do not think there is that much of a inventory ups or downs especially in 
the branded players portfolio. The locals and loose will obviously  be playing that game, but 
for us I do not think inventory movements at retail is such a big segment. We do think if 
you look at past trends, the tea business has been showing high single digit volume growth 
and there is no reason for us to believe that as we enter a normal phase, that trend should 
not continue going forward. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Arnab Mitra: 
Thanks Sunil for that. Second and last question was on working capital. So this reduction 
you have seen, is there any fundamental change in how much inventory you hold in terms 
of your business, is there any fundamental change in the business thinking on that? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
The working capital movement which has happened are primarily on account of two things. 
One is receivables and the credit that we give out into the market. If you remember, in 
September last year we started reworking our entire distribution system, we trimmed from 
4500 odd distributors to 1500 distributors of scale, we also moved into a cash business or 
significantly cash business in general trade, so receivable in our books are primarily to do 
with the e-commerce and modern trade which is in line with industry. In general trade, these 
were not inline with the industry and we used to give credit which we pulled back 
significantly, so that is one piece. Second on tea is we are making sure that while we are 
booking inventory, it is not necessarily we are paying for them today, we are taking 
advantage of our market strength to make sure that we look not to carry inventory on our 
books and this is the model that we will continue to adopt going forward. 
Arnab Mitra: 
That is very clear. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Thanks a lot for opportunity. I have two questions. The first one is on food margin- if I look 
at 23% growth and yet 18%, 19% decline at EBIT level, what percentage of this if you can 
give some color could be attributable to Tata Sampann and when do you expect the margins 
to come back to 15%, 16% for foods, so are you planning any price increases in salt to 
offset the impact of higher freight? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
There is an impact of mix, but it is not significant, because gross margins are broadly flat to 
slight bit of a movement. So while the Sampann, Salt and Soulfull portfolio is playing out, 
it is not as much of an impact on the gross margin, the impact is actually more below the 
gross margin line, inline with increased A&P spends behind the food business, we do need 
to build Sampann into a stronger brand, we do have opportunities to drive premiumness in 
salt and you have seen that playing out in the share gain that we are seeing in salt. Apart 
from that, we have investment behind Soulfull which was budgeted for. eEpecially now that 
we have built distribution which is 4x of where it was when we acquired Soulfull, we will 
continue to power Soulfull brand strength to make sure that we build the business there. 
Apart from that, there has been a small bit of reallocation of corporate cost as the food 
business becomes bigger and apart from that as I mentioned we have seen a bit of inflation 
creeping into freight, logistics, warehousing etc. So that said, I think L.K. talked about it, 
going forward you should start seeing the margins on the business go forward. We will 
make sure that we are balancing topline and margin growth because we do believe that the 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 20 
big opportunity for Tata Consumer Products is to build a far larger foods business than what 
we have today. 
L Krishnakumar: 
We do not want to place too much importance on this quarter. We have to look at it in the 
context of wanting to build a larger foods business right and probably this is not the margin 
aspiration for us. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
That is very helpful. One quick, there is an article Tata Industries is looking at moving Tata 
Q brand to Tata Consumer Products, any comments you can offer on overall ready to eat 
opportunity and what are your thoughts? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I would just not to want to comment on media speculation right, you will always find a lot 
of things written about Tata Consumer going after 10 different things. We do see a large 
opportunity in the food business and we remain committed to growing both organically and 
inorganically. 
L Krishnakumar: 
And ready to eat is an area of interest for us and we are evaluating it among other 
opportunities. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My first question is on the salt business, so just wanted to understand what has led to such a 
robust growth in the salt business something which is such a penetrated category. Now I 
understand obviously that the market structure is such that there is a significant unorganized 
business which will lose share to the organized, but the kind of growth that you have done, 
does it suggest that the pace of shift from unorganized to organized, it has accelerated above 
normal in this quarter for whatever reason or should we take this as a normal pace of shift? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
You are right about the growth in the salt business, I think it is driven by two or three 
different factors playing out. Number one is the distribution increase. When I mentioned 
that we moved from a two million outlet reach to 2.6 million, that holds to almost similar 
numbers both for beverages and foods that we have expanded distribution, that is number 
one. But the more important piece is we have moved from about 400,000 or 500,000 outlets 
that we would touch in both the businesses directly, up to 1.1 million, the execution in 
stores has become a lot better, that is the first piece. Second piece, we are playing the 
portfolio, as I said we have an opportunity in both.  Number one is Tata Salt in terms of 
market share is probably 5 to 6x if not more of the next largest competitor and all the next 
four put together do not total up to the share that we have in Tata Salt, so we have got a 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 20 
very strong brand. So as long as we drive distribution, build the brand and expand the 
portfolio, we do believe we have got significant opportunity for growth and that is what we 
are seeing playing out. Yes, this quarter was a good topline to achieve, we are keeping 
fingers crossed that we will continue to deliver good volume and revenue growth as we go 
forward. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right Sir. My second question is on the Sampann business and I will restrict myself only to 
the spices and pulses part of it. Between these two, over the next four to five years, where 
would you put the greater percentage of your marketing budget between the pulses and the 
spices business? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Let me say I do not think we have got to that level of detail in terms of the split of the 
marketing this thing. Albeit to say that whether it is in salt or in beverages or in Sampann I 
think we have got an opportunity to build distribution and power our brands to drive topline 
growth. Sampann has a huge runway to play with and as we expand our portfolio we need 
to build it into a stronger brand. We have just started the journey and we will continue to 
tweak our strategy as we go forward. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But do we see material aggression on the spices business side. I asked because this is first of 
all a large industry and proven business model with many players and we know that this 
business can make 20% EBITDA margin once there is enough scale. So do you like really 
plan to push this much more aggressively than the pulses business where the business 
model itself is a little sort of undiscovered and the margins in any case will be very low. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I would say it is not an ‘or’ game, it is an ‘and’ game and that is why we are building 
Sampann as an overall brand. But you are absolutely right. The margins in the spices 
segment are very good, we have been doing lot of work behind the scenes on making sure 
that we are getting the product formulation right. As you rightly mentioned spices in, India 
it is not a one size fits all. Especially when you go the blended categories, even in the pures, 
the way coriander for example, is perceived in the north, versus the south, it is different… 
the color, the flavor is different, similarly the chilli- both the heat and the color percentages, 
so we are right now in the middle of or just about finished an entire exercise on figuring out 
how we go, laser focused on building one national brand, but making sure it has got 
different variants to appeal to different people in different markets, the margins are 
attractive and you will see acceleration behind spices as we go forward. 
Percy Panthaki: 
That is all thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Shah from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Alok Shah: 
Thank you Sir for giving us an opportunity. I just wanted to know one thing on the ad spend 
I think initially you mentioned that this level of ad spend may not sustain, but on an 
absolute basis if I were to look at Q3, Q4 which was a more normal quarter like the current 
quarter, our spend on a standalone basis has been the range of about Rs.125 Crores odd and 
currently it was Rs.133 Crores, so should we build moderation from the current level or you 
think this current run rate of about Rs.130 Crores odd should sustain the brands that we 
aspire to build? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I am not sure I got the details, but just to give you a perspective, we are coming from 
behind in terms of spends behind our brands. On a ATL basis if you look at percentage to 
sales compared to high single digits, lower double digit that most big branded players in the 
FMCG spaces would spend, we are significantly lower down and therefore you will see this 
upping. The idea was, in the synergies we have taken out significant amount of cost and a 
large part of that has been redeployed into building brands and building distribution. So I do 
not think we intend to reduce ATL as a percentage of sales, if anything we would 
maintain/make sure that we have got enough firepower for our brands going forward 
especially as we build the premium ends of our portfolio. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it and just one followup on that is that when you look at lot of other consumer goods 
companies, it is also because of the share of the personal care, home care etc where the 
margins are more than 50 to 55% odd, but in our portfolio the margins would not be that 
high, so as you said highest focus would be on the ad spendt towards the premium brands, 
is that understanding correct Sir? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
That is one piece. The other piece is- in the FMCG business, we normally follow ratio of 
share of voice toshare of market.  You want to make sure that you are competitive in 
distribution as well as competitive in reaching the minds of the consumer, so SOV to SOM 
benchmark that we follow makes sure that in the category that we are playing in, we are up 
there .SOV has to be slightly higher than the share of market ,that is the way it is indexed, 
so while I do understand that in other parts of the FMCG business, there are higher margins 
and therefore it affords higher A&P, but in the categories that we are playing in, we will be 
highly competitive. 
Alok Shah: 
That is it from my side. Thank you very much. Good luck. 
Nidhi Verma: 
We can go to the webcast, now to take a couple of question. Sunil, there is a question from 
Aditya at JST Investment, he is asking what is the vision for the foods business and after 
Soulfull are we looking at more healthy brands under our fold? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Absolutely, like I said I think we see the biggest runway for growth in the foods business. 
We are looking at opportunity growth from an organic as well as inorganic perspective. Just 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 20 
to highlight , we are sitting with Rs.2250 Crores of cash, so we have enough firepower if 
and when we see opportunities but like I  earlier mentioned just because we have got money 
in the pocket and we enter a supermarket we do not have to buy anything. What we are 
very, very conscious about is we have got to create value for shareholders and therefore we 
take hard looks at both the strategic and financial fits, we probably passed significantly 
more opportunities than we have ever done in the past, but yes we are constantly scanning 
the horizon on any and every opportunity. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Okay, thank you. Next question is from Saurabh Shah, he is asking if we have any plans to 
review the international business especially given higher investments that may be needed in 
the domestic business? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I would treat this as two separate pieces per se. I do not think we will shy away from higher 
investments in the India business and you have seen us up our A&P, increase our 
distribution, strengthen our entire digital, innovation pipelines, so we are making the 
investments that are needed in the India business. That does not mean we have got to move 
away from the international. International is a separate piece which we have always 
mentioned saying that it is a stable business with decent market shares, we right now focus 
on three big markets, it is a good cash flow business and the focus there is to make sure that 
we get our strategy right. I think we have got a few pieces right, for example in the UK 
which I pointed out with the three brands strategy, we are looking at cost and optimization 
in those businesses to make sure that they are fueling their own growth from simplification 
etc., that we are looking at. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Okay, thanks Sunil. Moderator, we can go back to the Q&A queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thank you for the presentation and thanks for the opportunity. I just had one question, this 
is on inflation on the packaging side for both paper and plastics, is there something which is 
worrying you in terms of being long term as compared to the inflation and other raw 
materials and if yes, is the company thinking about doing something around it , that is my 
question. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Sheela, you are absolutely right. I think basically for us it is a tale of two cities. We have 
seen tea price inflation coming down strongly and benefitting the India packaged beverages 
business, but on the other side, there is I would say oil and liquidity led inflation which we 
have seen starting to nudge up in the foods business per se. So yes it is having an impact on 
packaging, freight, logistics, etc., it is starting to creep up and like I mentioned in my 
outlook we are looking at various different levers that we have which includes revenue 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 20 
management, which includes packaging sizes, pricing as part of that, various discretionary 
spends, A&P, the right level to make sure we are trying to balance it, but I do see the oil led 
inflation probably lasting out longer than all the other pieces put together. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Where I was coming from is less to do with oil, but more to do with supply constraint 
which could build up in the medium term especially on supply of paper and plastic due to 
concerns on ESG, so that is where I was looking at, that is this inflation here to stay because 
the supply could be an issue in the medium to long term? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Let me say we do not see supply constraints as being an issue. Right now, for example a 
significant portion of our salt packaging is already recyclable, we are moving to recyclable 
packaging in beverages as well in line with our commitments on ESG etc., but we do not 
see supply constraints as being the issue out there. We do see cost creeping up because of 
fuel and oil led inflation out there. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thank you. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Moderator, I will just take another question from the webcast. Sunil, Chanchal is asking in 
NourishCo, you got water business right, so between water business and food business 
which will ramp up faster, given both have huge opportunity. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I would say it is again not ‘or’ ,it is ‘and.’We have got opportunities in both the businesses, 
but like I said NourishCo I think is on a real roll 107% growth year to date despite the fact 
that we saw lockdown, the great news is I think we have got the business models right. Just 
I did not mention it on the call, Himalayan business has broken even in the last quarter. 
After so many years of having the business, we have actually turned the business on the 
profitability front, you have seen the increase in number of outlets, you have seen the new 
product pipeline starting to come out, Fruski which we started as a pilot in Hyderabad and 
Vizag, very quickly we ran out of capacity, now we have added capacity and we start 
ramping that up, innovation in the cups which is a very, very unique package and we are the 
leaders in that, the jelly has started off, I normally do not use this term, but gone up like a 
rocket and I hope to continue that momentum.  So it is accepting both of them have 
different priorities and we will continue to stay focused to make sure we leverage both of 
them to get our growth aspirations right. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Moderator, we can go back to the Q&A queue now please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Manoj Menon: 
I just had one question, this is pretty much a top down. Based on what you are seeing in 
different parts of the portfolio in India given that you have recently leveraged that portfolio 
now versus what it has five years back, when I said diversified it could be region, it could 
be products, it could be SKUs, given the sort of inflation what we have seen in general in 
the economy which is probably happening after a decade and also in consumption with 
some commentary which we heard from companies like Unilever etc., that it seems to be 
hurting demand at least that is what their problems with these, so just wanting to understand 
based on what you are seeing and not-necessarily what Nielsen number says on market 
growth etc., if you can give us examples on what the consumer is actually saying or 
behaving currently in terms of SKUs and where the opportunity lies for you within that 
parameter. Second, does this have any sort of an impact for you in your business plans for 
let us say innovation over the next 12 to 18 months? Thank you. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I am not a forecaster, all I can say is I have been hearing bits and snippets of what various 
people are saying. So you would have heard this chatter about rural being slower than urban 
and lot of this is coming out of various different categories which Nielsen is tracking. I 
would say for us actually it is not as much of a concern as it would be for many other 
companies because like I said, our urban footprint is far stronger than rural, so rural is more 
of a share opportunity for us, that is number one. Number two, in terms of outlook I am not 
sure it is a sustained long term problem simply because, we have had a good monsoon, 
MSPs are good, we are coming out of the COVID wave which this time around actually 
impacted the rural heartland and I think consumers were not very sure, so I do see 
improvement from here on, now again do not take my word for it, because like I said I am 
not a forecaster, I just try and distill what I am hearing around. You would have also hear 
different companies talk of stress in different parts of the country, again I would not be too 
worried about that because for us very simply put in the categories that we play, if I take tea 
and salt I do think we have got share opportunities in branded and we have got the 
opportunity move from unbranded to branded.Similarly in salt, we have got opportunity 
both on the premium space as well as below out there and Sampann is literally white space 
which we have got to go out and Sampann, Soulfull, NourishCo, we have got to go out and 
chart out our own trajectory. So while we would keep a close eye on trends as they happen, 
I would be more keen on making sure that our share aspirations and our topline aspirations 
remain in the right place. 
Manoj Menon: 
Thank you Sunil. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devika Jain from Ratnabali Investment 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Devika Jain: 
Good morning Sir. I just had one question. I wanted to understand how do you plan to 
capitalize group company advantages, so basically what is your strategy to go about it and 
the less group dependent at the same time? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
If I got your question right, we work very closely with different group companies albeit in 
the right legal and governance framework to make sure we are leveraging all the advantage 
that the Tata Group brings to the table. So for example in the whole Tata digital sphere 
which is actually owned by Tata Sons, we are making sure that we are staying close and 
collaborating with companies to derive maximum amount of synergies. 
Devika Jain: 
Okay, that is about it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Can you talk about the other expense trajectory from here, we have seen overall Y-o-Y and 
Q-o-Q increase, so what will be the trajectory from here, the expense is going to stabilize or 
going to moderate from here? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
L.K. can I request you to take that? 
L Krishnakumar: 
I will take it. I think we expect that as business grows, the proportion as a percentage to 
sales will improve, so I am not commenting on quarter-on-quarter. I said this element of 
sales and investment in building capability- if you get more sales, the percentage to sales we 
expect to come down from where it is today, there is also some element of inflation which 
is there, we do not think that will be there for long that also will come down. And as we 
have some initiatives on restructuring and all that which is now complete which also could 
give some benefit. So overall in the medium term we would expect an improvement in the 
percentage than what we are today. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And the second question is the food margin, can you discuss about we have seen significant 
decline in food margin, so what will be the normal trajectory for food margin in the annual 
basis, I am not talking about quarterly numbers, number one. Number two, the tea side we 
have seen 2% kind of growth may be because of high base, but with the expansion in the 
reach we are not expecting a lower single digit kind of growth in the tea? 
L Krishnakumar: 
Question is not clear. 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Let me try and answer the tea, like I said I think I answered it earlier on the call, longer term 
we do expect it to hit high single digit growth that was prevalent in the tea business, there is 
no reason for us to change our views on that. I would urge you not to draw too much into 
the quarter-on-quarter moves up and down out here simply because it has been a very, very 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 20 
volatile environment. On the foods business again L.K. mentioned this is not the long term 
numbers that we are seeing, we want to continue to move it upwards and I think you will 
see that coming forward. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Good afternoon Sunil and L.K. Thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. If I look at 
the food part of the business towards total branded business, it has already moved from 23% 
to the higher of 25%, could you help me to understand where do you see this business to 
settle may be medium to long term may be another two to three years? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
In the food space again to reiterate, TCPL aspires to be a large FMCG company and as a 
first step in that we want to build a large F&B company and in that space we see food as the 
bigger growth driver, so you see focus on growing salt of course, you see the focus on 
expanding the Sampann portfolio and you would also see us make organic, inorganic moves 
like we made in Soulfull. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Moderator, we will take one last question now please? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayant Mamania from Care PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Jayant Mamania: 
Good afternoon. I have couple of questions. One is regarding the single-origin coffee 
Sonnet that we have launched and we have launched more variants also recently, so can you 
tell us how big it can be in a period of two years and is there any plan to launch offline? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
Let me say it is not only Tata Coffee Sonnets. We have started our D2C play, because we 
do think this was the long term trend which would have come about any ways and the 
COVID environment has probably accelerated that, we do see a place for D2C brand 
because a), it helps us play in premium categories at a very low cost b), it helps us to reach 
target consumers and communicate with them directly and c), more importantly we get 
feedback realtime on how consumer trends are moving, so we have launched Tata Tea 
1868, we have launched Eight o’clock coffee and we have launched Sonnets. Now we are 
seeing a decent response I do think we can accelerate this. I would not hazard a guess on 
how big it can be because we have got to get several pieces right both in terms of the 
communication and the logistics as we roll this out. That said , the focus on D2C brands 
will continue to be there and if we see that they are decent enough to necessitate or there is 

 
 
 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 20 
an opportunity to move them into premium retail outlets ,we will take a call at the right 
time. 
Jayant Mamania: 
Okay, in case of tea, what is our average domestic price realization in this quarter and in the 
corresponding quarter? 
Sunil D'Souza: 
I think Nidhi will revert to you separately on that very specific question and she will get 
back to you. 
Jayant Mamania: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Nidhi Verma for closing comments. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thank you so much everyone for your time today. I recognize we have run out of time, so if 
you have any further questions, please feel free to get in touch with me and have a very 
happy festive season ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
