 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Acrysil Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Disclaimer:  
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included/ 
omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be 
verified with the company by the reader. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 16 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. CHIRAG PAREKH - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ACRYSIL LIMITED 
MR. ANAND SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ACRYSIL LIMITED 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Acrysil Limited Q2 and H1 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involved 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Chirag Parekh, Promoter and 
Managing Director from Acrysil Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Parekh! 
Chirag Parekh: 
Good evening everyone. A very warm welcome to the H1 FY2022 earnings call of Acrysil 
Limited. Along with me on this call I have Mr. Anand Sharma, CFO and SGA, our Investor 
Relation Advisor. I hope everyone got an opportunity to go through our financial results and 
investor presentation which has been uploaded on the stock exchange as well as on our 
company’s website. I hope that all of you and your loved ones are safe. 
 
Post the second wave of COVID-19, we have witnessed pickup in economic activities and 
businesses across industries are coming back to normalcy. With large scale vaccinations across 
the country and also in other countries abroad and significant drop in COVID cases we see 
increase in confidence of masses and this allow almost stable  and conducive operational 
environment for businesses. We are witnessing strong demand traction for products in domestic 
as well as international markets. International demand is driven by changes in the preferences of 
the people and feeling greater importance of especially the Quartz Kitchen Sinks. Demand in 
domestic market is driven by lower interest rates on home loan, government incentives, 
consumer preferences, larger spaces preference towards home renovation, and work from home 
has changed the mindset of people. Home improvement sector has seen considerable growth as 
people are working from homes and it brought new approach in lifestyle at home. There has been 
behavioral shift in consumer preferences for both home improvement products with focus on 
health and hygiene. Perception of spending on home improvement and home solutions has 
changed with the pandemic as homes have become a hub of people’s lives and one finds a new 
need to improvise and upgrade. 
 
Coming to the company’s performance, company reported a stellar performance with total 
income growth of 79% Y-o-Y and PAT growth of 123% Y-o-Y for the first half of FY2022. 
Company has achieved EBITDA margin of 23.3% despite high freight rates and cost situation 
prevailing across industries. Raw material prices continue to remain stable. Company has been 
reviewing costs regularly and taken measures to control cost. Export revenues grew by 79% to 
Rs.172 Crores in H1 FY2022, this was on the back of robust demand from international market 
and shift of consumer preference from stainless steel to quartz sinks in the major global markets. 
In domestic market also the quartz sinks are witnessing a sharp uptick post the reopening of 
economy, domestic revenues grew by 77% to Rs.45 Crores in H1 FY2022. With the pickup in 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 16 
real estate segment in India along consumer preference for both aesthetic kitchen products, we 
expect the sales are going to sustain moving forward. The capacity utilization of manufacturing 
plant was impacted during Q1 FY2022 due to the second wave of COVID-19 pandemic, cyclone 
Tauktae and subsequent restrictions imposed by the government; however, the plant capacity 
utilization has increased optimally during Q2 FY2022. 
 
Coming to our capacity expansion we have been consistently expanding our production 
capacities in response to spurt in demand. I am delighted to inform the company has successfully 
completed the expansion of 140,000 units of quartz sink announced in June 2021 within a short 
span of time. The manufacturing capacity of quartz kitchen sinks now increased from 700,000 
units to 840,000 units per annum. The commercial production for this capacity has started in 
October 25, 2021, onwards. Our company is currently undertaking two capex plans of 160,000 
and 200,000 units of quartz kitchen sink which is expected to be completed by Q1 FY2023 and 
Q2 FY2023 respectively. The proposed capacity expansion will increase manufacturing capacity 
from 840,000 units to 1.2 million sinks per annum. The company will be approximately spending 
Rs.58 Crores for the proposed expansion. Expansion will be funded through mix of debt and 
internal accruals. On the stainless-steel segment side our company is undertaking capacity 
expansion of stainless-steel sinks by doubling the production capacity from 90,000 to 180,000 
sinks per annum with a small capital outlay of Rs.10 Crores. The new capacity is expected to 
come on the stream by Q4 FY2022. 
 
Our strategic partnership with IKEA is progressing well and our company is supplying quartz 
kitchen sinks for their global requirement. This partnership is a perfect testament of our 
commitment to offer global standard of products we expect this to further strengthen going 
forward. Our association with GROHE has further strengthened last year we entered a tie-up with 
them to supply stainless steel kitchen sinks also. International tie-ups will help us to reach deeper 
into the core markets like UK, US, and Europe. Our company has been continuously focused on 
branding activities. Our innovative and marketing initiatives significantly drive our brand recall. 
We continue to timely refresh our initiatives keeping them in line with evolving market trends in 
view with the belief our company recently signed the Bollywood celebrity Miss. Vaani Kapoor 
for new marketing campaign of ‘Carysil’ brand which will start by November 15, 2021. The 
association with Vani Kapoor will help the company to strengthen its brand position and create a 
brand recall for lifestyle products among the youth. Our company strives to offer exceptional 
service and our brands ‘Carysil’ and ‘Sternhagen’ with strong brand recall stand proof to be 
unparalleled trust and confidence we have gained from our end-users over the years. For Carysil 
we have received a huge response from omni channel sales. For ‘Sternhagen’ brand we have 
partnered with Sussanne Khan to launch premium line of products. At Acrysil we are now driven 
by a passion to constantly innovative and consistently expanding, a drive for innovative perfectly 
reflects the commitment to excel with time for offering the best-in-class product. We are focused 
on scaling operations, increasing in-house product development, and increased consumer 
awareness. Just one last point which is not there I want to add that the company is planning to 
focus on the online e-commerce platform which is a smaller part of the company. The Company 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 16 
feels at this point and on the last board meeting we have taken resolution to form a separate 
subsidiary and we would like to boost this segment of online sales for the kitchen and bathroom 
products. Now I would like to hand over the line to Mr. Anand Sharma, CFO to update you on 
the financial performance of the company. 
Anand Sharma: 
Thank you Sir. Good evening everyone let me take you through the financial performance of the 
company.  
 
Q2 FY2022 performance 
 
The consolidated total income including foreign exchange gain stood at Rs.121.9 Crores for Q2 
FY2022 as compared to 77.1 Crores in Q2 FY2021  Y-on-Y growth of 58%, this was on the back 
of growing demand from both domestic and international market.  
 
EBITDA of the company stood at Rs.28.5 Crores for Q2 FY2022 as compared to 17.1 Crores of 
Q2 FY2021 recording a growth of 67%. EBITDA margin for Q2 FY2022 stood at 23.4% as 
compared to 22.1% in Q2 FY2021 recording an improvement of 130 basis points.  
 
Profit after tax and minority interest stood at Rs.17.7 Crores in Q2 FY2022 as compared to 
Rs.9.4 Crores in Q2 FY2021 recording a growth of 88%.  
 
Coming to H1 FY2022 performance  
 
The consolidated total income including foreign exchange gain stood at Rs. 221.2 Crores for H1 
FY2022 as compared to Rs.123.7 Crores in H1 FY2021 recording a growth of 79% YoY.  
 
EBITDA for H1 FY2022 stood at Rs.51.4 Crores as against Rs.27.4 Crores for H1 FY2021 a 
YoY growth of 88%. EBITDA margin for H1 FY2022 improved by 120 basis points to 23.3% 
from 22.1% in  H1 FY2021.  
 
Profit after tax and minority interest for H1 FY2022 stood at Rs.31.1 Crores as compared to 
Rs.14 Crores for H1 FY2021 recording a growth of 123% YoY.  
 
Our net debt to equity stood at 0.4 times as on September 30, 2021. On annualized basis our 
return on capital employed stood at 27.8% whereas return on equity stands at 28.1%. Now we 
will open the call for question. Over to operator! 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from Pritesh Chedda from Lucky Investments Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Sir Congratulations on good set of numbers and season greetings. First question on quartz sink 
side, the pace at which we are adding capacities is really phenomenal and we continue to surprise 
on the capacity expansion. One if you could touch a bit on is there any back-to-back arrangement 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 16 
that you think is there for a sales possibility for these type of capacity expansions? If you could 
tell us a little bit on the market? and now on board we are talking about 1.2 million sink, do you 
think that by Q4 of next year you should actually be fully utilizing that capacity of 1.2 million 
sink? . My second question is on the domestic market where we have both stainless steel and 
appliances, there is a big tailwind in the market we are seeing it across building material 
products, how are you looking at this market and what kind of growth rates do you foresee on the 
domestic side of the business and your preparedness for it? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So these are two questions right? 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Yes Sir. 
Chirag Parekh: 
On the quartz sink there is definitely preference shift from consumer point of view and we have 
been seeing that quarter-on-quarter the demand of the quartz sink is going higher. These 
preference shifts which I have been always talking since last I think many years that if this 
preference shifts from steel sinks to quartz sinks, there is a massive opportunity for our company 
and this is what exactly is happening now. While the company is doing everything to get new 
customers like IKEA, GROHE, etc., some large customers in the US like Menards. Domestic 
market is opening so yes as we are penetrating across the world but along with this, combination 
of new customers and this growing demand for the quartz sink that is I think mainly because of 
consumer preferences. We have to understand that the quartz sink market share still is only 10% 
of the total kitchen sinks in the world so I believe that as we assume it is a sustainable growth. 
The demand of the quartz sink I think will increase year-on-year and the company I think will 
have to increase the capacity based on the market demand. On the capacity utilization, so this 1.2 
million is what is the current order book position plus the forecast we see we feel that this 1.2 
million should minimum be the capacity expansion the company should do. We should not be in 
a situation that we start having a bad delivery track record. So looking at the demand, looking at 
the current order book position and the new customer tie-ups I believe that the company needs to 
at least do 1.2 million sinks. We should be finishing the 1 million sinks by April-May 2022 and 
then we should finish another 200,000 sinks, which will total to 1.2 million sinks, should be done 
by end of Q2 2022. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Just one clarification here, so from utilization perspective as soon as your capacity comes 
onboard will you hit a full utilization of whatever capacity comes on board in a very quick way 
considering the order book visibility that you have? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. Domestic front I think we have been pretty much surprised with the government efforts and 
how this one crore vaccinations a day s has completely changed the life. I am right now in United 
States and people are appreciating what India is doing right now and I think we should be very 
stable in terms of the economy and we could see the big demand coming up. Yes we had the 
Diwali season, but we see a sudden spurt in the demand of the sinks and appliances. We had 
some probably record sales in domestic market and we = experienced  in terms of quartz sinks, 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 16 
steel sinks and the built-in appliances. We expect that 2022 is to even be a more robust growth 
for domestic market for sinks and appliances. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
We should not limit our vision to 1.2 million right in the quartz, considering that just 10% of the 
sinks market which is let us say 5 million on a  50 million For a company of our size you think 
that you can actually reach a couple of million also over the next 3-4 years? 
Chirag Parekh: 
This is a good question. I just go back turn back the clock and about just 10 years back we were 
not even making 100,000 sinks. So from 100,000 we are looking at million sinks now trying to 
be the world’s maybe third or fourth largest manufacturer and this growth has been consistently 
coming in. So even if we go by this growth of CAGR 20% to 30% what we have been doing and 
this is the demand for quartz sink, is going to be there and I think we are 100% not limiting our 
sales to 1.2 million and we will able to see a probably large increase in the demand of the quartz 
sink. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. In your initial remarks you pointed out that despite of the logistic 
cost, we were able to manage the margins so whether we took a price hike to manage the margin, 
can you explain this statement? 
Chirag Parekh: 
90% of our sales are approximately on  FOB basis and the price increase borne by the customer. 
Also 10%-12% what we have, the sales prices that we have taken a price increase from a 
customer. 
Manish Ostwal: 
One data point what is the total of quartz H1 FY2022 volumes? 
Anand Sharma: 
First half quartz sink is 3,01,273 units. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Okay Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Agrawal from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Agrawal: 
Hi good set of numbers. One question which one is cheaper stainless steel or quartz because I 
was in your showroom and the quartz was like Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 12000 whereas stainless steel was 
much, much more expensive. Could you highlight on that point  
Chirag Parekh: 
I think we should understand that we have a full set of range of stainless steel sinks. So we have 
press sinks and we have the hand fabricated sinks. The press sinks are more conventional sinks 
which are costing about Rs.4,000 to Rs.5,000 and then we have this Quadro sink which actually 
are more squarish and modern in shape this is about Rs.10,000 to Rs.12,000. So that is the price 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 16 
difference because different technology and different manufacturing method and from the 
consumer perception it has been viewed as a more premium product yes and we have seen that 
comparatively the quartz sinks are cheaper than some of our high end stainless steel sinks. 
Prateek Agrawal: 
Yes exactly so if they are better as they claim and if they are cheaper or similar then obviously 
demand should be strong as people discover the product. I think people are simply not aware of 
the product? 
Chirag Parekh: 
You also have the rise in the stainless-steel prices so that is also now making the gap between the 
quartz sink and stainless steel sink narrower. 
Prateek Agrawal: 
Sure. The other question was on the other businesses while quartz sink is the major component of 
total, what is really happening to the other businesses like stainless steel plus the kitchen 
appliances that you sell? What is the QIP plans in terms of the use of QIP money if you could 
elaborate a bit? 
Chirag Parekh: 
If you have seen my statement and the announcement we are already expanding the stainless 
steel. We are doubling the capacity from 90,000 units to 1,80,000 units, also there is a big surge 
in demand on the stainless steel kitchen sink side and then maybe you can expand if the demand 
continues to increase and India starts with a robust growth. Plus if there is a shortage of products 
coming from China, there is a big supply chain disruption from China because of factories are 
not working at full capacity and, there are lots of issues so people are looking towards better 
factories in India and if we are able to deliver better quality sinks and I think that there will be a 
big surge in stainless steel demand too. As far as the appliances are concerned I said that we have 
been recording some great sales. Record high  sales in built-in appliances and we expect this 
category to continuously grow quarter-on-quarter. As far as the QIP is concerned our progress is 
on and we will let you know the right time when it is done. 
Prateek Agrawal: 
Okay but the amount was large in the context of the capex you could actually increase capacity 
by 60% if you raise Rs.150 Crores could you give some insight into plan or that is for later time? 
Chirag Parekh: 
We have many projects under our belt so at the right time we will announce that the capex plan 
and the reason we are doing this QIP. So apart from what the current products we manufacture, 
some very interesting opportunities which may come adjacent to our business and we can 
substantially add value to our business in terms of growth. 
Prateek Agrawal: 
Understood. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Arora from GE Shipping Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Arora: 
Sir thanks for the opportunity and congrats on very good numbers. Sir my question is related to 
the capacity expansion, the rate at which we are expanding it is quite phenomenal so wanted to 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 16 
understand previously we have mentioned that we were kind of constrained for capacity for 
domestic market. Now with this capacity expansion do you think that we can meet both the 
exports as well as domestic market demand. If you can give some color as to how the domestic 
market is shaping up this capacity expansion that we are doing. Is it based on the order book that 
we are purely getting from the new customers and existing customers on the export side or is it 
also like you are building in some increase on the demand side for the domestic market? 
Chirag Parekh: 
I think the capacity expansion the last 200,000 units is definitely keeping in mind the Indian 
market. There is a definite surge in demand in India and again from the preference point of view 
it is said that the stainless-steel prices are increasing so people are preferring more quartz sink 
that is what it seems like. I think this demand is expected to rise quite high and that is why the 
main reason where we had to additionally expand another 200,000 units of quartz sinks. So the 
main increase of this expansion is looking at the current order book position, the forecast we 
have been receiving and the expected surge in demand we expect in the domestic market based 
on what the current order booking is. 
Varun Arora: 
Sir my second question is related to you mentioned that you reckon that growth appears 
sustainable so here the question is basically at the industry level, previously historically have we 
seen some sort of cyclicality as far as the demand for quartz sink is concerned the reason I ask 
this I believe the demand is also a function of new home construction so clearly right now with 
where the global interest rates are it is on an upswing but previously like have we seen that the 
demand for quartz sink is it linked to new home construction and hence any sort of cyclicality in 
the demand that we have seen historically? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, historically the export market is where mainly where the demand was and the growth is 
driven by the renovation. because every five years Kitchen is changed every four or five years 
and in India largely demand is by the new construction level. What I see is  the pandemic has 
changed this, now what has happened is people are moving out from, they are having kind of 
second homes. I am in US right now for business trip and I have been speaking to my clients here 
and they have been saying the surge is still there and surge is quite huge here if you go to home 
depot stores and lowe’s  and all the large retail stores there is still queues and queues of people. 
People are mainly having renovation of the homes and like I said in my last week in India also 
the renovation trend was never there in India but now because of the pandemic situation people 
have instead of buying new homes as the real estate sector is not the best right now so people are 
starting renovating and I would say upgrading their homes and the kitchen sink is probably one 
of the more integral part of the kitchen which needs to be changed so I believe largely this 
demand has been driven now by largely by renovation market. 
Varun Arora: 
Right thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Udit: 
Hi Sir Congratulations for a great set of numbers. One thing that when we plan for any capacity 
addition is it based on the pre-orders that we have in hand and if so then which are the pockets or 
geographies that we are seeing this kind of robust demand that we are doing a huge capacity 
expansion? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Like I said earlier the capacity increase is taking place based out of the current order booking 
position and then what we expect speaking to our customers that the likely increase is going to 
happen. and We also to take it into consideration that the surge which we have been seeing in the 
domestic market and preference shift to quartz sinks, higher price of stainless steel sinks, I think 
all these factors put together I would say that it is at least I think our company should start 
looking now to make in roads to build up capacity in order not to lose customers because demand 
can also even further surge. In terms of the geographies I think it is across the world. Our main 
markets are India, America, UK, Europe so mostly demand has been driven by that and you have 
a lot of customers like GROHE, IKEA and all which apparently sell your products across the 
world. 
Udit: 
Lastly, on the client side, are we in a process of getting newer clients or are we deepening our 
pockets with the existing ones, like what kind of demand? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Our efforts are continue, our efforts will continue to tap more and more customers, our exports 
are to more than 50 countries around the world. We have a plan for the next five years to do at 
least 75 to 80 countries and in the next eight to ten years we need to go on to cross 100 countries 
so we have export development cell and I think that continuously will tap the export market to 
grow in the domestic side. We are now focusing more on uplifting the current dealers to two 
large showrooms in order to increase the revenue and to enhance our brand equity in the 
domestic market. 
Udit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suhrid Deorah from Paladin Capital 
Management LLP. Please go ahead. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Just wanted to point out that you have done a phenomenal job with the expansion and it is really 
commendable the pace at which you guys are expanding so consistently and so quickly I think it 
is a great job and I really would like to congratulate the team for that. I have just a one question 
on one sort of clarification, my presumption earlier was that the QIP money has been used for the 
Greenfield site because the existing site could only support one million sink but it seems like you 
are able to expand with internal accruals beyond one million so I am just trying to understand is 
the 200000 expansion we have announced is it in the same location or is it already at a new 
location and therefore the QIP money is for something completely different which you have just 
alluded to earlier in this call? 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Chirag Parekh: 
Last two expansion are more on the Greenfield product site fortunately the company is able to 
sustain the EBITDA margins and we have good internal accruals so I think to a large extent this 
has helped us as a company to grow with internal cash accruals at the debt levels like my CFO 
said the banks are quite eager to fund us so sometimes the margins could have gone the other 
way but we are happy that we are able to sustain the margins, we are able to get good internal 
cash accruals and with the help of debt we are able to fund these new projects by ourselves. As 
far as QIP is concerned as we are saying we are continuously growing in all the various 
categories to quartz, steel sinks, built-in appliances I think our endeavor is to start manufacturing 
as much as we can by putting up new manufacturing facilities across our categories and we also 
see some very interesting opportunities adjacent to our current businesses which could be very 
exciting for our company in terms of revenue growth for future. So we should be using money 
whenever QIP is done. I think we have a lot of opportunities and we should be able to use this 
money for this growth for the quartz sink and the other interesting opportunities around. 
Anand Sharma 
Adding to this, I think the question is this 200,000 capacity is coming at the existing or at the 
new facility. So it is combination of both. So we are optimally utilizing the space. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Location is adjacent to the current accessible facility. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus Asset 
Manager LLP. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir my first question is 
regarding our German partner Schock, whose is planning to set up capacity in US, just came to 
know through some media articles about this. So can you help us understand how this would 
shape up the US market for us? Whether it will increase the competitive intensity or do you think 
it will overall expand the price for the quartz sink? 
Chirag Parekh: 
We also came across this article and this is over the period of four to five years that they are 
planning to invest this money. See honestly I think from the price competitiveness that is their 
problem. I do not think so as far as we have seen the other competitors manufacturing units 
which they are put in Europe and North America I just honestly do not know how the CBF for 
them is going to work. that is on terms of so we are not quite worried as far as the cost 
competitiveness are concerned. I think our volumes are growing in this part of India and we 
should be more and more price competent so I think that is one. As far as on the overall basis, I 
do not think so that the competitiveness is going to increase. But I think the overall demand of 
the quartz sinks itself this is a one of the important signs that what the companies are looking in 
future as far as the demand of the quartz sink are concerned. Schock has probably put the unit 
just for the US market and selling in the US market. So what we see is that only the demand of 
the quartz sink and the markets of the quartz sink is going to be  very exciting over years to 
come. 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Nikhil Gada: 
Second question is that post this 2 lakhs expansion adjacent to our plant in Bhavnagar do we still 
have further room to add more capacity over here or will we have to just completely look at a 
different location to add for the capacity? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Last expansion has been done by doing Greenfield. The company  is now planning to acquire 
some large pieces of land around Acrysil, so we are  trying to create a land bank if we want 
tohave further capacity expansion. 
Nikhil Gada: 
On the A&P side, now that we are expanding in the domestic market how do we see our A&P 
spend shaping up over the next couple of years? Are we going to go full blown into the 
advertising part of it or we will still try to do more  branding activities? 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, I think you will see a lot of activities  as far as A&P is concerned. Vaani Kapoor is one of the 
signal that  the company is now looking to focus on the Indian market and now from year-on-
year we would be increasing our budgets on the A&P side. As far as India is concerned so you 
will see a lot of activation from our side, from the perspective of the brand building. We recently 
added a brand manager also to handle all the branding activities in India. So yes we would be 
looking more and more activities around A&P to build a ‘Carysil’ brand in India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity Sir and congratulations for the superb result. So I have a question 
regarding the industry growth, so I think whatsoever our numbers are growing so is it in line with 
industry growth or are we capturing market share from the other players also? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Whatever the news we have, all the quartz manufacturer across the world are quite busy because 
there has been surge in growth and demand on quartz sink across the world. All the factories are 
full right now which are manufacturing quartz sinks and there is still ample growth what do we 
see. So by and large yes there could be a little bit of cannibalization of we taking over some 
market share also but largely I think it is driven by new demand for quartz sink. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Secondly I just wanted to understand about the input cost inflation so based on the gross margin I 
think it seems that we have taken price growth also against the input price realization. So I 
wanted to understand because I think our contracts are mainly revised on the calendar year basis, 
so how much price revision are we going to take from the next year because based on the volume 
numbers given by Anand Sir for the quartz sink for first half our net realization for quartz comes 
to around Rs.5,600 a sink as compared to around Rs.5,800 a sink last year. So maybe there 
should be some size based differentiation may be there. That is why I think realization might 
come down but I think if you can share what price inflation have we taken for this year and 
maybe what can be there next year? 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Chirag Parekh: 
Technically our export prices have gone higher so maybe there were more CIF sales and less ex-
factory. We have moved to ex factory sales because of this large variation of the freight. So per 
sink price value direction has increased and not gone down that is point number one. The point 
number two is we have increased the price with our customers three times during the calendar 
year, we do not have annual price increase. Maybe if we have with one or two customers but 
even that we have been able to manage to break through it and we have got a price increase for it. 
Largely you see the improvement in the margins EBITDA numbers is because the company even 
with this volatile situation as far as the input costs are concerned, freight charges are concerned, 
the company has been able to sustain the margins and so we have gone for a three times increase 
during the calendar year. So I think we should be fine honestly, but we will see anything which 
comes over the next calendar year. But right now I think we have secured the margins of the 
company by passing on the price impact to our customers. 
Anand Sharma: 
Just to add here whenever there is an increase in domestic sales of the quartz sink the overall 
price realization will be lower and since we are in the second quarter the domestic sales have 
increased, so it there is some impact of domestic market. Number two we are focusing more on 
the FOB price so overall if CIF component  is lower FOB is higher then the per sink realization 
will also be lower but it has no impact on a margin. We have protected our margin and whatever 
increase required to pass on the cost we have already done, it is already explained by Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Vora from Edelweiss Financial Services 
Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Vora: 
Hi Sir congratulations on good set of numbers. Just wanted to check when we are talking about 
this existing product range and the interesting opportunities which you are looking at, broadly 
what do you think is really missing within the product basket which we are offering right now 
and what are we looking at in terms of growth opportunity? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Good question. So first of all we are trying to convert as much as the traded activities are 
concerned, all traded products we are going to start manufacturing. So Last time I said that we 
are planning to start to manufacture kitchen hoods, made in India because we are looking at a big 
demand coming from export and from India. When you are aligned with large customers like 
IKEA, GROHE, Menards and many large customers across the world so you have a huge basket 
of kitchen and bathroom products which you can put in the channels. Like I said that in China 
there is a lot of issues with supply chain and we have a large opportunity so I think first of all we 
try to convert into manufacturing and we want to gain our competitive edge on that in terms of 
technology also. Second thing is on the ceramic products side we have been receiving a lot of 
inquiries. But those are high technology ceramic products which I believe that kind of technology 
in India is not available, so these are all could be interesting projects which we can manufacture.  
The bathroom products can give a boost to the Sternhagen category. If at all we come, it would 
be a big boost to the Sternhagen category and we will be able to compete with the local 
manufacturers in India and we will gain a large market share. The other interesting business 
opportunity is like which we have been seeing a huge surge in faucets right now. The kitchen 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 16 
taps are going along with the kitchen sink and it is kind of integral part of the sink then if the 
company tries and look at opportunities to make kitchen faucets so you can pack it with the sinks 
and grow as many things you sell. One can sell faucets so there are opportunities around the 
company where we are constantly trying to see. We do not want to move our focus right now 
because the demand of the kitchen sinks is so high but as and when the time permits and when 
we see increasing opportunities we will be immediately jumping onto it. 
Ajay Vora: 
Sure very interesting perspective. So this ceramic thing I am assuming that if that happens it will 
be through inorganic route? 
Chirag Parekh: 
There are different possibilities but all I can say if we get into ceramic it will be a very different 
kind of high technology ceramic products where we will get a potential to sell to the large players 
across the world. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Akshay Chheda from Canara Robeco 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Chheda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir on the domestic side just I wanted your sense like now we will 
be focusing strongly on the domestic side, so how do you see the competitive intensity in the 
domestic market like I assume that it could be largely dominated by the steel sink and it would be 
more of the unorganized players so how do you see that? Secondly also how would you be 
tapping the domestic market like would we continue with our dealer distributor network or then 
we would be also looking to tie up with some large developers like say Godrej Properties or 
something more on the B2B side?  
Chirag Parekh: 
I will take the last sentence on the project because like we obviously tried to get a huge tie-up 
with Godrej Properties for stainless sink so largely our low priced sinks which we are trying to 
sell to the large builders and property developers. Yes we have some tie-ups with large property 
developers but that is our cheaper range of stainless steel sinks. But our company has been 
always very margin focused so we do not go below a level. So ‘Carysil’ as a brand has always 
been  a premium product and we are not a mass seller like other brands so I think that is one and 
number two is there is always a clear strategy between the quartz and the stainless steel sinks. So 
for quartz sinks, more of the preference is based on the market geographies we have been selling 
across the dealers and also into the builder segment. Many geographies in India they only like 
stainless steel sinks so we try  to offer them the new stainless steel Quadro sinks which one 
gentlemen was talking it is higher priced than quartz sink so I think there is a market 
differentiation strategy for us with which we want to penetrate the market. I do not know if I 
have answered your question. 
Akshay Chheda: 
I wanted to understand like if there is a possibility of a margin hit going ahead but that is fine. 
Thank you Sir. 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Kothari from Citrus Advisors Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead.  
Yash Kothari: 
Firstly amazing results congratulations on that. I just wanted to know in your last concall you had 
said that every additional one lakh units that the company brings in as capacity it adds to around 
Rs.45 Crores to Rs.50 Crores of revenue, so does that still hold true? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So our current price realization is about Rs.5,500. So I think every 100,000 units would add 
probably about Rs.50 Crores or Rs.55 Crores of revenues. 
Yash Kothari: 
So in that way I would assume that two lakh units that are coming that would obviously add to 
Rs.100 Crores of topline? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. 
Yash Kothari: 
So following up on that, you had given a target of Rs.500 Crores revenue to be achieved in I 
think five years in your last concall and in the one before that. Looking at the figures I think you 
have already reached Rs.400 Crores topline for the trailing 12 months. So do you think you can 
probably make an adjustment to this target and give a higher target to us probably since you are 
almost 90% there now and in less than obviously five years? 
Chirag Parekh: 
That was a good question. So I honestly feel that the long-term has become short term for us. I 
think this is a very good sign honestly from the company’s perspective. If you look at the last 
quarter Rs.122 Crores in terms of sales we have done so we already have an annual run rate of  
Rs.500 Crores and we have a lot of expansions and things in place so I think the times are quite 
interesting. You will probably see some statements coming from my new vision statements 
coming in soon that how we are going to now realign our growth strategies and what are the new 
targets we are going to set for the company. 
Yash Kothari: 
Alright looking forward to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Management 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Just one question from my side so if you can talk about currently how much does IKEA, 
Menards, and GROHE sell in terms of sinks globally and what kind of market share are we 
targeting in next two to three years? do you think we can cross Rs.100 Crores per customer? 
Chirag Parekh: 
We do not have data but all we know that in their presentation what they list that the granite sinks 
is at a phenomenal level and the buying power what these guys have along with the reach they 
have across the world it is very, very huge. As far as we are concerned all we can say is that 
unfortunately because of the contracts we cannot unveil what we are doing with them while the 
numbers are concerned all I can say they are substantial. They will be substantial and I would say 

 
                                                     Acrysil Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 16 
we have just last month got a e-mail from IKEA saying that you have complied 100% with the 
deliveries and we have got a five star on them. With more and more this kind of accolades we 
have, all I can say is that the business with them can only further increase. Yes I think there is 
Rs.100 Crores or more that company would obviously would like to maximize the share of 
business with these companies. The company is doing every bit. We are continuously expanding 
our sales with them by adding new models and by increasing the production and capacity. 
Aman Vij: 
In terms of quartz sink are we number one, number two, number three supplier  to these 
companies as of now? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So we have just a good relationship. As far as GROHE is concerned we are a single source for 
GROHE. As far as IKEA is concerned we are one of the sources. But like I said that they are 
very happy with our commitment and all we can see is, in future just our business share 
increasing year-on-year with them. 
Aman Vij: 
Can you talk about Menards? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Menards has been going very strong. I am in US right now as we are talking and I have concalls 
with my customers here so I think there is very strong surge that is there  and  there is a huge 
demand. It has been going quite well and we are adding more and more models in the United 
States. For example the kitchen and bath international shows is the largest American show which 
is taking place in February 2022 in Orlando, Florida. We decide with our strategic partners with a 
largest display of quartz sink in that show so that there would be probably the largest range of 
quartz sinks in North America which we will be able to exhibit there. So there is a lot of 
commitment from our side for the US market and with many partners like Karran, Menards, 
Kraus, all we can see is that we just basically want to support this demand which is coming up in 
the U.S market. 
Aman Vij: 
Thank you for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that will be the last question 
for today. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Parekh for closing comments. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Thank you. I would take the opportunity to thank everyone for joining on this call. I hope we 
have been able to address all your queries. For any further information please get in touch with 
our strategic growth advisors and our investor relations advisors. Thank you once again and stay 
safe. God bless. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Acrysil Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
