October 14, 2021 
The Manager- Listing 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 507685) 
The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: WIPRO) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting 
Please find attached herewith copy of the transcript of the Analyst / Institutional Investor 
Meeting held on October 13, 2021. 
The video recording of the above mentioned meeting is available at https://
www.wipro.com/newsroom/press-releases/2021/wipro-press-conference-q2-fy-2021-22/. 
Thanking you, 
For Wipro Limited 
M Sanaulla Khan 
Company Secretary 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Wipro Limited 
Q2 FY 2022 Earnings 
Conference Call 
October 13, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

wipro.com 
Management 
 
Thierry Delaporte 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Jatin Dalal 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Saurabh Govil 
President & CHRO (Human Resources) 
 
Stephanie Trautman  
Chief growth officer 
 
Aparna Iyer 
Vice President & Corporate Treasurer 
 
 

wipro.com 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Wipro Limited Q2 FY'22 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Aparna Iyer, Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. Thank you and over to you Ms. Iyer. 
Aparna Iyer: 
Thank you, Stanford. A very warm welcome to our Q2 FY'22 Earnings Call. We will begin the call 
with Business Highlights and Overview by Thierry -- our Chief Executive Officer and Managing 
Director, followed by Financial Overview by our CFO -- Jatin Dalal, afterwards, the operator will 
open the bridge for Q&A with our Management Team. 
 
Before Thierry starts, let me draw your attention to the fact that during this call, we may make 
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 
1995. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are associated 
with uncertainties and risks which may cause the actual results to differ materially from those 
expected. The uncertainties and risk factors are explained in our detailed filings with SEC. Wipro 
does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect events and 
circumstances after the date of filing. The conference call will be archived and the transcript will 
be made available on our web site. Over to you, Thierry. 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Aparna, thank you. Hello, everyone. It's really good to be able to speak to you again this quarter 
especially as you join us today during the festive time. I know that many parts of India are 
celebrating Navratri and Durga Puja. So, thank you for joining us. We will make sure not to keep 
you here for too long, okay. 
 
Journey us today on this announcement is my leadership team; our Chief Human Resources 
Officer -- Saurabh Govil; Chief Financial Officer -- Jatin Dalal and our Chief Growth Officer -- 
Stephanie Trautman. 
 
For me personally this is the special earnings call to be able to speak to you from Bangalore. This 
is my first official visit to the India offices since I took charge in July last year. In the last three days, 
I met with our senior leaders and teams in India. It's absolutely been incredibly energizing. Your 
penance and your specialty of expanse in India always been very welcoming. But you can imagine 
my eagerness and anticipation to meet our teams and see our campuses here. They did not 
disappoint. It's been great so far. Of course, I only just started to travel… essential travel of course. 
I was in the US last week, meeting with our regional CEOs and GBL leaders, our chief growth 
officer and a host of key leaders of our business. Each of them I must say has steered Wipro 
through a very difficult time during the pandemic. And I like to thank every one of our 220,000 
colleagues across the world for their commitment, their trust and their dedication to our customer 
success despite the challenges of the pandemic. 
It is very encouraging that over 85% of our employees globally are now vaccinated with the first of 
the COVID-19 vaccines and over 50% are fully vaccinated with the recommended two doses. In 

wipro.com 
many parts of the world, we are starting to return to our offices in a staggered manner, for example, 
in India are fully vaccinated senior colleagues can now come to office twice a week. The return to 
work will be a careful and gradual process as you can imagine. We are really keeping the safety 
of our employees and the needs of our customers in mind as we plan this. 
In the second quarter, I am happy to share with you that our annual revenue run rate surpassed 
the $10 billion mark. It will be interesting for you to note that $2.4 billion of this was added just in 
the last 12-months. This revenue milestone assumes greater significance because we see this 
while undergoing a largest ever internal transformation.  
Our revenue growth during the quarter was 8.1% in constant currency terms. You may recall 
this as being well ahead of the top end of our guidance range of 7%. And even if we exclude our 
two recent acquisitions, that are- Capco and Ampion, we grew over 4.6% in constant currency 
terms. This marked a second consecutive quarter of 4.5% plus growth. It signals the underlying 
demand and the execution momentum we have generated and majority of our growth was volume-
led. 
We have experienced secular growth across all markets, all sectors and global business lines. Our 
recent acquisitions too, I must say, have performed ahead of expectations. The demand 
environment continues to be very strong. Our pipeline is a clear reflection of that. In fact, our 
pipeline is among the highest in recent quarters. We have a good mix of large and medium size 
deals. In fact, many mid-size deals and slightly smaller size transformation deals in the market 
right now. This is good news for us. 
Our order book in terms of annual contract value has jumped 28% in H1 and in terms of TCV, 
Europe book is up 19% year-on-year. We have strengthened our large deal team and brought in 
specialized expertise there, so I am really confident, our participation and win rate of deals will 
accelerate. 
Let me come to the operating margins now. I am pleased to share that in Q2, we have sustained 
Q1 operating margins, adjusted for the one-time gains we had in the last quarter. And frankly, we 
have maintained our operating margin despite absorbing the full impact of our recent acquisitions 
of Capco and Ampion and in spite of investing heavily in our business across self-capabilities and 
talent. 
An additional point to note here is that we have also offered a salary increase covering 80% for 
our colleagues in September of 2021, marking a second salary hike in this calendar year.  
There is significant traction across all our markets as I said, leading to broad-based growth. 
Americas and Europe are our top two markets, grew at 15% and 29% year-on-year respectively, 
even without the recent acquisitions.  
In Americas 1, we grew 20% year-on-year with most of the sectors showing strong growth; 
Consumer, Tech, Communications, Health, all have grown at 5%+ sequentially.  

wipro.com 
In Americas 2, we grew 31% year-on-year, led by growth in organic business as well as benefit 
from our acquisition of Capco. Most sectors registered healthy growth of 4%+ sequentially.  
Our European business has delivered a year-on-year growth of 48% on the back of several large 
deals and thanks to the boost of our acquisition, Capco. UK, Benelux, Germany led organic growth, 
growing at 12%, 10% and 10% respectively in sequential terms.  
Our APMEA market grew moderately at 8% year-on-year. We are now seeing improved traction 
in Australia, New Zealand, India, Japan and the Southeast Asian markets. The pipeline addition in 
these markets has been very healthy. Middle East and Africa were weak in Q2 but we are 
encouraged by the pipeline that is shaping up.  
Our teams have redoubled their focus on our existing clients. And that is leading to strong growth 
in our top customers. Our top customer grew 29% year-on-year, our top five customers grew 33% 
year-on-year and our top 10 grew 32%. In the last 12-months, we have added four new customers 
in more than $100 million bracket and we have added five more customers in more than $50 million 
bracket. This we feel is the start of a significant shift. When I meet our customers, they actually tell 
me that they see a change in how our teams approach their business and the value we bring to 
them. This recognition reflects Wipro's changing mindset and our bold and confident approach to 
business. Customer satisfaction score as measured by an independent survey, has also risen 
considerably. 
From a service offering standpoint, our iDEAS global business line grew 11% sequentially and 
37% year-on-year. Most of the SAP practices showed a healthy growth. Our Engineering business 
grew of a 25% year-on-year in Q2 and at a compounded quarterly growth rate of over 5% in the 
last four quarters. 
Our iCORE, global business line grew by 5% sequentially and 18% year-on-year. All of the SAP 
practices grew in double digits on a year-on-year basis. 
We launched Wipro FullStride Cloud Services which integrates our consulting and technology 
capabilities along with our Cloud Studio-based assets. This integrated ecosystem positions us as 
an orchestrator that delivers transformational solution together with our partners to address our 
client business challenges. The Cloud Ecosystem which is about 30% of our revenue, grew 27% 
plus in the first half. And for the first time ever, our Cloud pipeline has crossed $8 billion. That 
reflected in the deals we are winning too. 
Let me give you a few examples. One, a global software products and cloud services company 
has awarded Wipro a multi-million dollar contract for product modernization, spanning AI, cloud 
and cognitive business products who will leverage our engineering next product solutions to rapidly 
scale and migrate the clients’ products to cloud. 
Second, a multinational oil and gas company has selected Wipro to build a cloud native subsurface 
data platform which enables consistent API standout for connecting with cloud and software 

wipro.com 
vendors, micro services and proprietary solutions. Working with Wipro FullStride Cloud Services, 
the solution significantly reduces subsurface data analytics timelines. 
A quick update of our recent acquisitions. With Capco, we continue to build good momentum on 
our joint go-to-market. The pipeline is building well and we started seeing some early wins. We 
have won 10 deals during first 100-days of transaction closure. Initial days yet. Sure. But I have 
congratulated the Capco team for leading this from the front. 
We are also pleased to have completed the acquisition of Ampion, an Australian based provider 
of cyber security, DevOps and quality engineering services. This will definitely help us expand our 
footprint in one of our priority markets. 
Let me now give you a quick glimpse of how we have transformed ourselves. Apart from moving 
to a simpler and more customer-centric operating model and an organizational restructuring, we 
have made substantial progress on leadership transformation. I have said that in our previous 
interaction that talent will be a critical success factor. So, we have worked on two key aspects of 
leadership overhaul- one, by building a contemporary and diverse in your leadership team 
including our client-facing global account executives and two, by moving the leadership closer to 
clients. Consequently, we have reconstructed our leadership with a good mix of internally 
promoted talent and lateral hires. 58% of our leadership are in the regional markets, with increased 
proximity to our customers. Naturally, we will continue to change and hold our momentum, but I 
am happy with the pace and the quality of change we have achieved so far. 
But one of the issues that we must cope with as we build talent scale is attrition. Our customers 
too are grappling with increased attrition. Wipro acknowledges this change of talent landscape and 
has adapted quickly to the new world of work. Hybrid work environment is definitely a part of this 
mix. We have doubled down our fresher intake with 8,150 young colleagues joining us from 
campus in Q2. We will continue to aggressively build on this. And I am happy to share that we are 
well positioned to add over 25,000 freshers in the next financial year. 
And finally on to our outlook for the next quarter. We are guiding for a revenue growth of 2% to 4% 
which will translate into a year-on-year growth of 27% to 30% in constant currency. 
To summarize, I would say that the demand environment continues to be strong and our growth 
chart over the last few quarters reflect this. It also reflects our improved execution engine. 
Together, with the investments we have made in capabilities and talent over the last nine months, 
I am confident we will be able to participate and win at a greater pace. 
On that note, let me hand over to Jatin for his comments on the financials. Jatin, over to you. 
Jatin Dalal: 
Thank you very much, Thierry and good evening, good morning to all participants. I will share 
some financial details now. As Thierry mentioned, for the first half, our TCV win has been quite 
healthy at 19% and our ACV wins have been 28%. We have signed in Q2 nine deals with a TCV 
of $580 million. Our Q2 revenue growth was 8.1% which as you know is significantly ahead of our 
guidance range of 5% to 7% and that reflected in constant currency 28.8%, healthy year-on-year 

wipro.com 
growth. Our operating margins for the quarter were 17.8%. And it was a good sustenance 
considering the 1% that we received as benefit one-timer in Q1 on sale of our Ensono business. 
Our tax rate improved compared to last year where we closed at 22% versus 22.5% of last year. 
Therefore, our net income increased by 18.9% in Q2 and our EPS increased at 23.8% year-on-
year. If you see our cash flow performance, operating cash flow was 81% of our net income. We 
had $2.7 billion of net cash on the balance sheet and $4.3 billion gross cash on the balance sheet. 
We had a good realization of Rs.75.11 at the end of the quarter and we had $3.3 billion of FOREX 
hedges. We have guided, as Thierry articulated, 2% to 4% sequentially and the constant currency 
exchange rates are mentioned in our press release, and we will be very happy to take your 
questions now. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Divya Nagarajan from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Divya Nagarajan: 
How much of the growth right now would you attribute to your bottom of strategic initiatives and 
the results that they are producing? And how much would you basically say the demand lift that 
you are getting because of what happened overall to digital? Second part of that question is from 
a strategy point of view, what is actually appropriate and in terms of the milestones that you have 
been tracking and what is left to be done? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Divya, I will try to respond to the two points. The first one is difficult one obviously, it's difficult to 
disconnect the impact of a market and what's more specific to Wipro itself. I think there is a real 
equation between good market and an organization that is very aligned to the priorities of our 
clients. So, the bottom line is that yes, we are benefiting from a good market. We are seeing that 
the market continues to be good if not continue to get better, but we also think that we are having 
a better impact with our clients and that we are actually performing better on the deals we are 
going after. So, I think at the end of the day, I cannot split scientifically but there is no question that 
this performance is the result of Wipro in a good market. The second point is around the impact of 
our strategy. Strategy that we have laid out, about 15-months ago now was one, a strategy of 
obsessive focus on growth. That's what we have done by allowing our team to focus on the time 
for the clients in the market, we have simplified the model, we have simplified organization, we 
have reinforced our internal processes so that people can have more time for the market, spend 
more time with the clients. We have adjusted our ambition and we redefine where we felt we 
wanted to play with our clients and really be their partner in the transformation and this is what we 
have been doing day after day. And then three more things; we have been very clear on the fact 
that we wanted to focus our investments around our top accounts. That's what we have done. And 
the result, what you are seeing today is that we have increased significantly the number of 
accounts over $100 million, we have increased the number of accounts over $75 million and over 
$50 million. So, we have increased the size of our large account. Those accounts have been 
growth engine for us. We have been clear on the fact that we wanted to further invest and bet big 
on the power of developing partnership with technological companies, like AWS, Microsoft, Google 
or SAP or ServiceNow. This is what we have been doing and you also have been hearing a 
remarkable growth over the last quarters and finally we have a strategy to go after a big deal as 
well. And with that in mind, we have organized our big deal team around our Chief Growth Officer, 

wipro.com 
Stephanie. So, I would say that when you look at the way we have produced this growth is the 
absolute result of the strategy we have been driving over the last 15-months. 
Divya Nagarajan: 
Just a follow up to that. You had earlier spoken about the chief growth officer driving the large deal 
engine and now it is nearly complete. Given that we have had a little bit of a slowdown in TCV in 
the last couple of quarters, I appreciate the ACV is one of that. In terms of total deal value, are you 
happy with where it is right now and what should we expect in terms of the deal trends going 
forward from investor perspective? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
I will take a little bit and then I will ask Stephanie to build on it. For sure, we are happy with the 
performance in bookings, I mean, the quality of the deals we have closed this quarter with our top 
clients, a good mix of large and mid-sized deals, there is a good volume of activity that is fueling 
this growth. We didn't have a mega deal this quarter. We knew it. So, it's not like you are turning 
an opportunity into a mega deal in a few months’ time. Those deals typically take more time. What 
we have done is gear up the engine, the big deal team to start to produce more opportunities in 
our pipeline for the next quarters and that's absolutely worth. Stephanie is bringing in a lot of top 
talent recently. 
Stephanie Trautman: 
From a large deal team perspective, in the first few months of building out that team, we have been 
focused on the current pipeline. So, everyone on the team is actively involved in deal. We have 
seen some clients were down a bit in their decision making and others who have perhaps broken 
the smaller opportunities but were still engaged. And then we have also pivoted towards more 
proactive origination of large opportunities, working closely with our existing client base and also 
our partners to create opportunities as well as respond to opportunities. So, I think that is what is 
informing our pipeline moving forward. 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Just to conclude on your point, just the fact, you mentioned ACV and TCV, Divya, so ACV has 
jumped 28% year-on-year in H1, TCV has jumped 19% year-on-year. So, from those two aspects, 
we are growing well as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thierry, I just wanted to focus a bit on the supply side of the equation. The demand environment 
definitely looks very-very favorable and US have been growing ahead of your own expectation. 
But at some point of time, the high attrition and the high addition of freshers would help some drag 
on the incremental growth opportunities which is there in the market. Do you think you have already 
started seeing some of that right now or is that something which can lead to delays in business to 
a quarter down the line if the attrition remains this elevated? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Mukul, I will start by answering the following, the guidance given for Q3 does not assume an 
improvement of attrition, okay. So, if any different terms if attrition would go down, we could 
potentially do a little better. Now I frankly don't believe that attrition will improve, if I can say so, 
reduce in the next quarters. I actually believe that given the environment we will continue to face, 
the high level of attrition at least in the next two three quarters, okay. 

wipro.com 
Yes, we have obviously reacted on it in many ways. You have heard I have mentioned the fact 
that we have initiated a new cycle of compensation increase for 80% of our people in September. 
But besides that, we have also ramped up our freshers strategy. And going for a lot more, we have 
revised frankly, the level of ambition of our freshers intake. To that I would like to ask you Saurabh 
to maybe jump in and tell us also from fresher standpoint, not only in terms of numbers, but also 
in terms of strategy, what we have decided to do. 
Saurabh Govil: 
Thanks Thierry. So, Mukul as you called out, the demand environment is very strong and supply 
side we have to work on. And the interventions which we are looking at is more long term and is 
more in-depth. So, it's not only adding numbers or adding more people, it's also making sure that 
how do we upskill them and also retain them for a longer period of time. So, for example, for 
freshers as we go on for the campuses this year, and we just concluded a National Hunt Test for 
India, where we had more than 200,000 people applying for it. 
We are having a communication plan that I think is unique, where we not only share with them 
what happens as a compensation when they join, but also a plan for them in terms of their career 
and compensation over the next five years. And that's built in their contract. So, it's very clearly 
driving a plan that we increase the retention of these people because we are seeing a high attrition 
in this three-to-six-year category. And if you are able to retain these freshers and build right culture 
in the organization, retain over long period of time is going to long term impact and help us move 
supply side. 
So, it's a very different shift. It's not only about adding numbers, it's a very strategic think through 
that we will be able to increase the retention of our freshers for a longer period of time. And look 
at both cost and attrition as a long-term play here. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thierry the second part of the question was on how should we look at the attrition and the pricing 
for both traditional or legacy part of the business as well as Cloud and new part of the business. 
Historically the legacy portion has obviously been more profitable, although growth is not there, 
but with more people getting trained on newer technologies where the wages are obviously higher, 
do you think higher attrition has started creeping up there as well? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Although definitely we are getting a significant growth from those areas that you are referring to, 
it's true today we are, significant part of our growth is coming from Cloud area, from data from 
digital transformation, from engineering services from cybersecurity. And again, this is based on 
this revenue mix that we have based our assumptions for the guidance for Q3. 
Saurabh Govil: 
But Mukul just to add to what Thierry is saying, yes, these are hot skills today. And there is a high 
attrition. So, if I see this is one area where we are working towards where the upskilling part will 
help, but it is an area where we have huge demand and there is a supply and skill deficit. So, it's 
not about, it’s just the demand is much more than what we require in the industry, this is an industry 
issue, which we have to look at. 
Jatin Dalal: 
This is Jatin, just to add, you know Mukul conceptually if the demand is high as Saurabh has 
mentioned, and there is constrained supply today, if more people get trained in that area, in fact, 

wipro.com 
it will overall reduce the pressure on attrition in that area over a period of time, though that specific 
individual may be more marketable with a new skill set. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Agarwal: 
Sir, one question Thierry that when you see your current client’s work, progress and execution, 
and the way technology is getting adopted across horizon, what is your sense, at what stage of 
implementation, we are, is it very early stage or you think that we are somewhere in the middle of 
it? So, that was one and second, I wanted to understand that while you say that attrition may not 
cool off in the next quarter, will it be fair to say that the peak of attrition is behind us? Thank you. 
Thierry Delaporte: 
So, on the first point, which is, you want to understand which stage of transformation, if you want 
to think about the potential that technology can represent for an organization, for a company in 
terms of, transformation of its ways of working, I think we are, the best of the transformation is 
ahead of us. I mean, the potential of if you look at the Cloud, so first of all, if you look at Cloud 
transformation, what I am reading and is quite consistent here, we probably have touched say 20% 
of the Cloud transformation wave. And so the biggest part of it, and the largest part of it is ahead 
of us. 
If you are looking at security there is no question that security will continue to represent budget 
increase for our clients, in the next years. If you look at data, the way we are leveraging data to 
drive inside for better decision making is it presents an immense potential for a lot of industries. 
And, here again, the best is ahead of us. 
Finally, if you look at engineering services, another area where we are investing significantly and 
getting nice growth, we know that this is an area where across many industries, companies will 
have to invest in their R&D and will need support from companies like us to support and augment 
their R&D investments. And so, across all these different areas, the bulk of the transformation is 
ahead of us. 
On the attrition, which is your second point, I actually don't believe that the worse of attrition is 
behind us. I think it will, as I said, it will continue to possibly increase in the next quarters before 
cooling down. Again, that's at least our assumptions as of today.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Thierry a couple from my side. So, how durable is the demand environment? And is the 
conversation around scope increased with your large customers giving you that confidence of 
durability of demand and the continuity of current growth momentum? And I ask this in context of 
higher ACV growth versus TCV growth? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
So, on the first point, I mean, I would answer a frank, yes. Yes, the demand is strong, and will 
remain strong, just based on the previous point I just covered, there's so much transformation 
ahead of us. Our clients are placing investment in technology as among their top priorities to a 

wipro.com 
point Apurva where it's not anymore a topic for the CIO only, it's a topic for every CXO in an 
organization, right. The CMO is investing more in technology, the Head of Supply Chain is investing 
more in technology. The business express strong demand for technology. And obviously, all the 
different functions, HR, finance, operations, all are pushing for programs to be developed. So, the 
demand will continue to remain strong. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Got that. And just on this point of yours of strong demand and in context of the current tight supply 
environment, what do you think is the propensity for getting rate card increase? And what part of 
the portfolio in your opinion is amenable to that increase? Or is it the case that this is more stable 
and the benefits are flowing through more by means of greater offshoring and volumes? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Well, Apurva, I think there's opportunity today. There is opportunities to have these discussions 
with our clients. In this current context, our clients feel the same they are also exposed to attrition. 
They have exactly the same phenomenon. And so, I think it's a reality that more important for them 
today is the ability to continue to drive those programs without slowing down. Now, from a portfolio 
standpoint, I would say, I would still talk about a certain level of stability of the pricing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Congratulations on great performance, first question for Thierry, where are we right now, in the 
whole organizational restructuring process. Have you seen any material change in the Top 100, 
Top 200 heads as far as the global account executives are concerned or is this something which 
is ahead of us and these changes are likely to happen in the coming quarters? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Gaurav excellent, question, thanks for that. One is in terms of operating model, organization 
changes we have implemented the new operating model new organization on January 1st. And we 
have given ourselves a quarter to stabilize this organization model. It's actually been incredibly 
efficient rapidly. And frankly, I don't want to be overly optimistic I mean, positive about it, every 
new model requires a certain amount of a progression, but frankly, very positively surprised by the 
level of maturity of the model after a few months. We have today a model that the organization 
and all our leaders consider is the model that is working and actually delivers the upside that we 
were expecting in terms of simplicity, in terms of reducing the number of silos inside the 
organization, the ability to create a one Wipro mindset and getting actually, freeing up time for our 
people to spend more time with customers. 
The second part of your question, which is about the rotation or if you like the evolution of our 
leadership organization, what I can tell you is we have upgraded if I can say about 25% of our 
account executives around the world, okay. And the second aspect is that, if you look at our Top 
200 leaders across the organization, two years ago, we had only 1% of them were account 
executives today, 8% of them are account executive. There is a significant change in the mix of 
leadership towards client facing people. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. Second question I will put it in two parts. One Thierry you mentioned couple of quarters 
back, one of the key jobs which you had to do was to build a pipeline, actually, and the last few 

wipro.com 
quarters have been good on the conversion. So, just I want to understand where are we in the 
journey in terms of broad basing of our participation in the dealing. And the second part of the 
question is for Jatin, with respect to understanding the levers to manage margins in the second 
half, is it fair to say given the supply environment being tied margins should be lower in the second 
half compared to first half? Thank you. 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Okay, so I will take the first one on the pipeline, we have seen the pipeline progression quarter 
after quarter, it's been a consistent progression, the trend has been positive. But more importantly, 
I would say two things, the quality of the pipeline has improved. We have a pipeline now that is 
more aligned to our strategy in terms of priorities, in terms of focusing on offerings where we want 
to invest, and also focused around our key accounts. So, the proportion of our pipeline coming 
from our top accounts is a lot bigger than what it was several quarters ago. So, from that standpoint, 
it’s all positive. Finally, I would say in terms of deal conversion, I think we are also yes seeing a 
positive trend. We have improved the way we are qualifying our deals; we have improved the way 
we are mobilizing the one Wipro organization to win new deals. And the laser focus, in line with 
our strategy, around accounts and specific offerings, as lured us to invest into talent, into top 
capabilities. And this is definitely helping us converting this pipeline into deals. On the second 
question, Jatin. 
Jatin Dalal: 
Yes. Thanks Thierry. So, the answer to the question is yes, there is tremendous, I would say, 
competition for great talent. And that means that we need to remain very invested in our talent, we 
need to make sure that our supply curve is properly supporting our growth curve and in fact, ahead 
of our growth curve. So, we are capturing every demand that comes in. For all of that in terms of 
impact or risk on margin yes, there is a risk on margin and I think that's not just Wipro, but that's 
the industry fact. 
Having said that we executed as you know, this quarter well, we were able to drive operational 
improvements in realizations, utilization and offshoring and that covered effectively the impact that 
we had to take for three months impact on salary. So, I think it's going to be a growth going forward 
and how do we balance the effort that we put on our operating levers to be able to cover for the 
margin that is going to be a balance that we will have to continue to fight on. But we have done 
well, which we are proud of in quarter two. But there are clear investment agenda on talent going 
forward which we have to remain cognizant and that's what we are baking in as we think about 
second half. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And I understand and acknowledge the growth of TCV which 29%. But if I look at the first half TCV 
and even if I assume close to 75% being a new business and assume a 4-year tenure, then the 
actual new business as a percentage to the first half sales comes to around 5% as a whole. So, 
does that worry you in terms of the growth profile going forward or you believe for the industry as 
a whole the growth profile is changing, where we have to look beyond the large deal signings 

wipro.com 
where larger deals are getting converted into smaller deals and there are enough number of less 
than $30 million deals which will keep your organic growth going forward robust. 
And second question to Jatin, Jatin this time, I think EBITDA margins decline is close to 75 EBIT 
bps right, depreciation savings has been higher than 50 to 70 bps. So, what is causing this and 
whether depreciation will normalize on a going forward basis? 
Jatin Dalal: 
Sure, so Sandeep, this is Jatin I will try and respond to both questions if you are okay. On the first 
one there is, the strength of the performance is reflected in Quarter 2 numbers. It is what we think 
we can do is reflected in the guidance which we have given. Of course, you can look at the likely 
performance in many ways and you have a point of view that we respect, but you must always see 
that our industry runs on two fuels one is the day-to-day volumes that we are able to add because 
we see demand and we fulfil quickly and that adds to our revenue and second is large deals. And 
as you can see the first engine has really been very, very productive in last nine months and it 
continues to fire very well. And we did not have a mega deal as Thierry spoke about it, but we 
have very strong first engine which is firing. So, we feel comfortable as we speak. We feel 
comfortable that we have pipeline for large deals and that will convert at some point. So, overall 
we are quite okay and well placed is the way we see Sandeep. 
And the second question on EBITDA versus EBIT, as you know, we do have certain cycles of 
amortization related with the specific costs for which that particular item is getting amortized on 
and as and when those cycles come to an end in their natural course, the amortization ceases to 
come in the P&L and that's reflective of that. And what you see now is something that can be the 
basis for your future modeling. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thierry I just had one question from my side. And my question was pertaining to our strategy and 
the growth that you see in the European geography. We know that the Indian companies have 
done really well in the UK, Scandinavia, and similar geographies, but the continental Europe had 
something, was a region which I think was of, the Indian companies were not able to make so 
much of inroads due to obvious reasons of language and cultural barriers. We have tried to 
overcome that over the past year with a lot of local hiring. How do you see pandemic changing 
that equation? Has it kind of, as it has over the entire world, has it kind of lowered those entry 
barriers for us as the Indian IT companies and Wipro specifically as well? Do you see more deals 
coming through geographies, like Germany, France? Are the local European companies like yours 
able to ramp up and give us good enough competition, which they have not been over the past 
decade. So, how is the growth trajectory in the European geography looking like, with all these 
factors at play? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Look, my response, Vibhor would have, there are two aspects to it. The first aspect is there is no 
doubt that companies have learned to work with teams that are working remotely. And when you 
are working remotely, whether you are working two miles away or 5000 miles away, doesn't 

wipro.com 
change anything. You are working with teams that are not on site. And from that standpoint, there's 
no doubt that a lot of companies across industries in the European market have learned and will 
be more comfortable leveraging global delivery models, if you like. But the subtle aspect for me is 
equally important in Europe more than anywhere else, there are major cultural specificities that 
requires deep understanding of the local markets. And the local market of Sweden is not the same 
that the local market in Finland or in Norway. And I think the companies that are doing well are the 
ones who understand that and who are able to leverage at the same time the power of global 
organizations and develop a strong local connect. And that's the reason why we have so 
significantly invested into local leadership in Europe and this has been paying off pretty much 
immediately. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Right. So, would you say that we are on track with our strategy of that, of what we have done. You 
happy with the outcome, could have been better or do you expect it to be even better in terms of 
growth rates and in terms of big wins going forward? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
You know my team would tell you that I have always considered that we could have done even 
better, but I think I am broadly satisfied with the progress we have made, the consistency, the 
alignment to the plan, the execution if you like of the strategy and the fact that we are doing what 
we had said we would do and that I like this consistency. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thierry I wanted to prick your brains on a couple of things. Number one thing is around the fact 
that while we have seen significant shift in terms of offshore mix of revenues over the last several 
quarters, that has also played along with significant increase in utilization, which is contrary to what 
one has seen in the past for the industry. Do you think at some point of time the normal tendency 
around utilization cooling off as more gets delivered offshore starts playing out? Or you are seeing 
some different engagement models emerge in industry because of which offshore utilization rates 
are holding up quite well? That's question number one. 
The second question was around the fact that typically second half is much stronger for us versus 
first half in terms of sequential growth rates. Do we expect something similar to repeat this year as 
well? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
So, I will start with the point number two and I will come back to the first one after. There is always 
going to be tough seasonality in our industry for sure. And that's why when we talk about sequential 
growth we need to take into account seasonality. The guidance of 2% to 4% growth sequentially 
in Q3 takes into account, this seasonality. It remains that if we look at our growth, 2% to 4% growth 
in Q3 would actually represent 27% to 30% growth year-on-year, which is quite healthy. 
On your first point, which is trying to identify trends, or evolution of onshore and offshore mix, I 
would be a little cautious with drawing conclusions. I think the reality Manik is that the mix is a 
factor of many things, the evolution of the mix depend on the type of deals that you are, selling. 
Depending the level of the cycle of where you stand in the transformation, you are going to need 
either more local presence or more offshore presence. And so I think it's not necessarily a trend 

wipro.com 
that is systematic, I think it's, you can see an evolution depending on the mix of deals in a particular 
sector in a particular geography. So, that's the point I would make. Yes, typically offshore utilization 
is lower than the utilization we have onshore, and that will certainly remain true. Even in a market 
of high-demand utilization tend to be higher that's pretty mechanical. 
Jatin Dalal: 
With the attrition going up that also impacted the utilization. 
Manik Taneja: 
So, I was saying, are there more innovative engagement models emerging around offshore 
delivery, as clients get much more acceptable or get much more, are more acceptable of offshore 
delivery? 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Yes, no doubt, again, that what we have learned over the last 15 months through the pandemic 
will change the ways of working there's no doubt. I would leave you with two views, one is, we 
know that a significant portion of our employees will spend some days per week working from 
home, so therefore, remotely wherever they live. And it's absolutely the same reality that applies 
for our client’s employees as well. You know in every, from my interactions with clients, we are 
talking about it, and I think it's an evolution of the workforce to last.  
And the second thing again, is that being more, being exposed, and having developed a technology 
that support remote working in a secure way opens new opportunities to clients to think about new 
operating model and new ways of working with companies like ours. So, yes, for those two 
reasons, there's no doubt that operating model will continue to trend towards more flexibility 
between physical and virtual. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Ms. Aparna Iyer for closing comments. 
Aparna Iyer: 
Thank you, Stanford. And thank you all for joining us. In case we couldn't take any of your 
questions. Please feel free to reach out to the investor relations team. Wish you all a very happy 
festive season ahead and have a nice day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Wipro Limited that concludes this 
conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, 
BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is 
a leading global information 
technology, consulting and 
business process services 
company. We harness the 
power of cognitive computing, 
hyper-automation, robotics, 
cloud, analytics and emerging 
technologies to help our clients 
adapt to the digital world and 
make them successful. A 
company recognized globally 
for its comprehensive portfolio 
of services, strong commitment 
to sustainability and good 
corporate citizenship, we have 
over 200,000 dedicated 
employees serving clients 
across six continents. Together, 
we discover ideas and connect 
the dots to build a better and a 
bold new future. 
For more information, please 
write to us at info@wipro.com  
 
 
 
 
 
Public 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
