9 November 2021 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
Subject: 
Submission of Transcripts of earnings conference call 
We hereby submitting a transcript of Earnings Conference Call held by the Management of the Company 
with investors on Thursday, 28 October 2021 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss the Standalone and 
Consolidated Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended 30 September 2021. 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Enclosure: As above 

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences 
Q2 & H1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
28 October 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. MITESH SHAH – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV GANDHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - HESTER BIOSCIENCES 
MRS. PRIYA GANDHI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES 
MR. NIKHIL JHANWAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hester Biosciences Q2 & H1 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mitesh Shah from 
ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Mitesh Shah: 
Thanks Kunal. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Hester Q2 results concall. We 
have the senior management Mr. Rajiv Gandhi, CEO & Managing Director, Mrs. Priya 
Gandhi, Executive Director and Mr. Nikhil Jhanwar, Chief Financial Officer participating 
in the call today. I thank the management who give ICICI Securities opportunity to host this 
call. Over to you Sir! 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Good afternoon everybody. This is Rajiv Gandhi here from Hester has always its nice 
reconnecting with you like the way we do every quarter. So today we have declared the Q2 
and H1 results and the press note has also been circulated and I presume that you have the 
details available with you as far as the press note is concerned. 
 
From my side to give you a little brief on the functioning of the company in the last quarter 
as well as first half year of this financial year. So far the year gone by in terms of first 
talking about quarter-to-quarter, in Q2 we have had marginal growth in terms of quarter-to-
quarter business while in terms of profit we have done relatively better, the growth is 16% 
in profit as against 6% in the revenues. 
 
I would like to just share one thing with you that this growth of revenues as mentioned also 
in our press note the 6% growth we have divided into the three which is poultry healthcare, 
animal healthcare and other operating income which include license fees and services. As 
the license fees and services, in the Q2 in FY2021 we had and we did not have any in this 
quarter, so if you minus that then our poultry healthcare has grown actually by 20% in this 
quarter and the animal health division has grown 8%. 
 
Talking about half yearly results overall our half yearly results we have grown on a half 
year same period comparison we have grown by 24% and similarly if we look at the poultry 
healthcare and the animal healthcare we have grown 34% and 22% respectively. Overall, 
the sales have been good and we further also have the sales bifurcation in terms of vaccines 
and health products. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
In terms of vaccines, our sale has grown 13% on a quarter-to-quarter comparison while our 
health products have gown 31% on a quarter-to-quarter comparison. In terms of half yearly 
vaccines grew at 26% while health product grew at 53%. 
 
Looking into the composition of sales as well as our objectives has reasonably well defined 
over the last period of one year to two years wherein in every press note as well as in our 
talks as well as in our annual report. We have been saying that we would want to focus on 
the health products because the health products today we are relatively at a smaller level 
and has already informed to you in the past. Any animal health company, their vaccine 
business is always less than their health product business while in our case it is the reverse, 
so in a way the potential to grow the health products is much, much higher and that is being 
addressed by us at the moment and trying to take the health products business as much as 
what we can do. 
 
In terms of domestic sales as well as export sales, the domestic sales on a quarter-to-quarter 
grew at 21% on a half yearly comparison it grew at 38%. On the export side, we have been 
facing a little bit of a challenge at this point of time mainly because the international issues 
have still not fully resolved and we have been selling mainly in the African continents as 
well as in the Middle East where the flight movements are less, the economies over there 
are also still coming up with all these trying to recover from the current COVID situation as 
well as the other internal economic situation etc. 
 
So keeping all these things in mind though our export have not been as per what we have 
actually planned or forecasted we are still confident that in this year by the end of the year, 
we would be able to recover because there have been many investments made as far as 
Africa is concerned, distribution network is currently being put in place, people have been 
higher marginal sales have been done not that it has not been done, so overall we feel that 
the export business will grow up more so our Hester Africa plant would soon be functional 
which I will come later on, so all that infrastructure creation would not only help for the 
local Hester Africa sales, but it would also actually in a way lead to higher sales as far as 
exports from here are concerned. 
 
Besides the routine business as what we have been doing in the animal health industry, the 
poultry health division, the animal health division, you all are also aware that Hester 
Biosciences has tied up with Bharat Biotech under a licensing agreement to do the 
manufacturing of the drug substance for Bharat Biotech at our Hester plant. The Greenfield 
project is currently under construction, we are constructing state of the art BSL-III facility 
and we have reasons to believe that this should turnout to be probably the best BSL-III 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 4 of 15 
facility that our country has out of all the labs that are there at this time and we hope to take 
and produce the drug substance from Covaxin to be supplied to Bharat Biotech. 
 
The capacity for the manufacturing of the drug substance for Bharat Biotech, we would be 
producing approximately 7 million doses equivalent of drug substance to be supplied to 
Bharat Biotech on a month-to-month basis. 
 
Coming back to our core business of animal health, animal vaccine, Hester has been 
working towards developing the classical swine fever vaccine, lumpy skin disease vaccine 
and sheep pox vaccine, these vaccines are under trial, we have completed the technology 
transfer process from the Government of India, out of the three lumpy skin and sheep pox 
Hester is the only company that has at the moment acquired the technology in India, so we 
have reasons to believe that we would be getting the 100% market share for these two 
vaccines. Lumpy skin disease is already an emerging disease in India and at the moment we 
have vaccine which is called the goat pox vaccine which uses the same strain as lumpy skin 
disease, so we are in a position to give the goat pox vaccine for the usage of lumpy skin 
disease in cattle and that is serving the purpose at this point of time, but hopefully by the 
first quarter of the next financial year, all the three vaccines would be registered and we 
would be able to sell all the three vaccines. 
 
On the health product side, as you are aware we introduced our herbal product range 
sometime ago this business is growing and we are very optimistic on the growth of this 
business as far as natural products is concerned. Looking at our need and looking at for the 
vaccine demand which is increasing day by day overall in India, we have embarked on two 
expansion programs. One is to manufacture additional bulk antigen and another facility for 
the fill finish facility, both these expansion plans compliment each other because the 
antigen would be manufactured in one facility and the final fill finish would be done in the 
other facility. Both these facilities once they are completed it would more or less double our 
capacity what it is at this point of time. The antigen production plan should be ready by the 
fourth quarter of this financial year and the fill finish should be ready by the third quarter of 
the next financial year. With this we would have a huge immense capacity not only for the 
Indian market, but also partly for the international market. Last but not the least we have 
ben working towards introducing a pet healthcare division. 
 
Today we are producing products for the production animals. All animals that are used by 
human being towards deriving an income whether it could be eggs, meat, wool, etc., now 
we also intend to get into the pet healthcare division which would make us complete have 
the full product range for all animal health activities that are possible across, so that hit as 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 5 of 15 
far as Hester India is concerned. In terms of our subsidiaries, Texas Life Science 
continuously support Hester India by supplying us the health products, we buy from Texas 
Life Science and then we sell it in Hester. There it has shown a steady growth as far as the 
sales is concerned, yes in terms of profitability there seems to be a little bit of marginal 
increase in the profitability not much, but it is in line with our objective towards ensuring 
that this is like a satellite unit of Hester and that Hester gets the product and Hester does the 
marketing and sales from all products manufactured at Texas Life Science. 
 
Hester Nepal which went through very bad time in the last financial year due to COVID 
where there was no scope of any vaccine movement from Nepal to anywhere in the world 
as you are aware we have setup the Hester Nepal plant to cater mainly for the PPR vaccine 
to be supplied under FAO tenders, things seem to be reviving. Q2 has been much more 
encouraging in fact the sale of Q2 has been much more than the financial year 2021, sales in 
itself thereby giving us an indication that things are now growing and then we will now take 
it further. 
 
Hester Tanzania is our trading and marketing activity things are slow at the moment in 
Tanzania, but I think with our plants coming up and with those even sales contributing 
which also all would be routed through Hester Tanzania, we believe that there will be a 
good pickup on Hester Tanzania and at the same time goods also we are looking at 
increasing the product range wherein we will export from here to Hester Tanzania, all this is 
happening but the current economies in Africa are little slow right now recovering from 
various issues one of them being COVID, but hopefully this all should kick up and 
everything should be back in order. Last but not the least Hester Africa, our star project in 
Africa wherein we are going to be manufacturing animal vaccine mainly for the African 
continent. 
 
I am very happy to inform all of you that we have taken the first three commercial batches 
over there which are under test at the moment and we should get the release of all these 
batches sometimes in the month of November wherein we are looking at inaugurating the 
plant over there. Once the plant is inaugurated we will start the sales also from Hester 
Africa because of this one year dealing that we have had at Hester Africa, we are at the 
moment working towards making sure that the pipeline over there is hastened up and that 
we start introducing more products in our pipeline. 
 
By December we have targeted to introduce three other vaccines at Hester Africa besides 
the current PPR vaccine for which we have already taken the three batches. So this is an 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 6 of 15 
overview of all the activities that have been happening at Hester and its subsidiaries. That is 
all from my side. Over to you all! 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. We have the first question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Solidarity 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gupta: 
Mr. Gandhi, there are so much happening in the company, so many products that we are 
seeding, new geographies that we are entering, we are expanding distribution in India at the 
same time, so many exciting things are happening, can you give us a sense of what this will 
translate into in terms of some broad numbers three to five years down the line? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Giving you a broad indication in terms one is that I agree there is a lot happening and a lot 
is happening in different areas, increasing the capacity push on the distribution network and 
trying to increase the sales notwithstanding the Covaxin project etc. I do agree with you and 
we all are reasonable we are excited and at the same time working day and night towards 
making sure that all these things are achieved. In terms of quantification etc., in nowhere in 
our forecast etc., we are giving any figures as far as Hester Africa sales are concerned 
because we would want to leave it that to Hester Africa as we establish it is the first time 
anybody would be producing a few types of vaccines over there and selling them, yes but of 
course we have our forecast and everything in place in Hester Africa at 100% capacity 
utilization we should be able to do $25 million to $30 million which translates into around 
Rs.250 Crores as far as Hester Africa is concerned which should take approximately four to 
five years time for us to work towards getting up to that level. Talking about Hester India, 
we have projected that we would want to touch Rs.500 Crores in the next three to four years 
time, so that is what our indication as far as Hester India is concerned and Hester Africa is 
concerned. 
Manish Gupta: 
Can you also provide some color on additions we have in the best round, you talked about 
additions made to the senior management team, can you also provide some color of other 
team members you have added to help you manage this growth? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
One is as today’s announcement shows that we have inducted Priya Gandhi as an Executive 
Director to try to steer a few things at that level, besides that we are expanding, we have 
taken people on all sides, on the marketing side, on the finance side, on the technical side, 
in Africa in fact we have taken a local CEO over there, we have 17, 18 other employees that 
we have taken local from there, we have sent a few from here seven to eight or I think less 
than 10 people have gone from here, it is difficult to exactly quantify and sit and give you a 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 7 of 15 
sheet that 10 people here, 13 people, 20 there it is difficult, but I do understand the growth 
and the people there has to be in some proportion and we are very conscious of that 
proportion and we are making sure that all these things happen side by side so all that I can 
say I am not able to exactly quantify in terms of people etc. 
Manish Gupta: 
My last question Mr. Gandhi is that as far as Africa is concerned, how much of our growth 
in Africa will be linked to how economic growth is in Africa vis-à-vis development 
spending or development funding? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Africa is the continent for everything whether it is vaccine, whether it is for infrastructure, 
whether it is for anything, there is lot of dependency on grants, external funding, etc., quite 
a few. At the same time if you really go to see the animal population in Africa is very large, 
Tanzania, Ethiopia, Nigeria even Chad for this matter, all these countries have a huge 
animal population. The current productivity of any animals in the African continent in any 
country would be very much more lesser than what it is in India and even much more lesser 
than what it is in developed countries, so this scientific approach by giving vaccines health 
products is definitely going to be a big assistance to them. We will have to do marketing 
and try to teach right up to the down level wherein people start using them. We believe that 
there are two types of market. One is the tender market which could be either funded by 
each government or by introduced like United Nations or may be other international 
funding agencies and now also there is a market that is emerging that is a private sector 
wherein there are more and more distributors coming up who supply up to the end level for 
the farmers, cattle farmers, poultry farmers, sheep, goat farmers, so this is an emerging 
market. A lot of ground work will have to be done by us, but the scope is huge as far as this 
is concerned. All of our calculations are at this point of time 70% on private market and 
30% on the tender market. 
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from GormalOne. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
I want to understand we have been developing recombinant vaccines along with other 
products that we have under our development plan. If you can just give some insight as to 
when do you plan to launch these vaccines and then I had followup question? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We are working on certain poultry recombinant vaccines as well as cattle mainly Brucella is 
also a vaccine on which we are working on. Brucella vaccine we hope that it should be 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 8 of 15 
ready sometime in the next year, I am not able to give you the exact date. Our work on the 
recombinant poultry vaccine, there are two products, trials are ongoing at this point of time 
and I do not have that data neither have I any of those people sitting with me, who could 
have guided me and I could have answered you at this point of time, but I feel that our 
Brucella vaccine should be the first recombinant vaccine which we should be able to release 
and later on it would be the other vaccine, I am unable to give you the date at this time. 
Manish Jain: 
My second question was on the capex plan, now that Tanzania is more or less complete and 
your expansion plans you highlighted at the start of your talk, if can you just give some 
insight on the capex plan? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Everything that has been for Africa all that has been already completed and there are some 
minor which is inconsequential. As far as our capex plan for India is concerned for these 
two products, it is about Rs.50 Crores that has been all we have tied up with the loans etc 
for this expansion plan and that is what it is going to be. 
Manish Jain: 
My last question was on pet care division when we are talking about are we likely to 
introduce vaccines as well for pet care? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
That is in pets we would first go in for the healthcare products and then for the vaccine. 
Priya Gandhi: 
For the time being we are going to be concentrating on introducing some therapeutic 
supplement and dermatology products for the pet and of course in the long run we would be 
looking at opportunities in the rabies vaccines etc., in the dogs. 
Manish Jain: 
Perfect. I had some more questions, but I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Prashant Shah from Serum 
Institute. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Shah: 
I had a question regarding your Africa efforts. It is a new continent for us and I know you 
have done lot of work on it, but do you have any concerns regarding the acceptability of the 
product because it is something new, they may not have used or they may not be aware of 
such kind of things, so there will definitely be resistance initially from the enduser, so how 
are we going about overcoming this particular issue and observed anything as such? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In Africa, the situation is like whatever is selling is currently being sold in relatively lesser 
quantities but at extremely high prices while there are some products and vaccines which 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 9 of 15 
are needed have not been sold at all till today, because there is nobody who has been 
producing them. We have taken it up as a challenge, yes, it is going to be a challenge, but 
we have taken up that challenge to introduce these products first vaccine as well as health 
products and try to take the business forward. Challenges are going to be there. They will be 
quite big, we will have to overcome those challenges, but we have been talking to various 
governments in the African continent we have given presentation at governmental level sent 
information on what we will be producing, when we will be producing, so there has been 
many communications, correspondences directly with the veterinary, their National Vet 
Division or whatever they call it the Veterinary Department etc., and we have reasons to 
believe that all this at some point of time will translate into actual business into demand by 
way of which we will sell the products over there. Yes, but I must say there is a challenge 
but after all business we have decided to take on that challenge. 
Prashant Shah: 
After that do you have any plans for the next level in terms of your markets because US and 
Europe are two big markets, so do you have any plans for those? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
At the moment, we would want to first stabilize all that we have currently been involved 
with and then we will take up those next steps as and when at the moment there is no plan 
that we directly have for the American or the European market. 
Prashant Shah: 
Coming back to Africa, so you said that your Africa plant had 100% capacity should be 
able to give Rs.250 Crores turnover in the next four to five years? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Prashant Shah: 
What is the plan after that because that capacity is the product acceptance is there like we 
are hoping then four to five years may not be very short timeframe and when we do further 
additional? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Africa is a market where we are not very sure and there are lots of challenges. I think we 
would want to take this without planning after that we want to take this for two years like 
this and then once as we see the trend for two years then we will want to talk about what 
will we do after four or five years because to be honest our current focus is get this thing up 
running generate money, generate sales, generate profits so that is whatever objective is, we 
have yet to focus on what we will do after this reaches full capacity. 
Prashant Shah: 
Thank you very much that is my question. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Thank you for taking my question. I had three questions from my end. You had mentioned 
about the capex plan that is we are incurring of Rs.50 Crores so what was the revenue 
potential be for that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The expansion for the animal vaccine that we are doing over here we are looking at near to 
doubling the current capacity of our plant at this point of time, it could generate an 
additional turnover up to anything depending upon the product mix from Rs.80 Crores to 
Rs.120 Crores. It could be more than Rs.120 Crores that is what my CFO is indicating to 
me. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
This is clear. My next question is on the pet business that we will look into enter, so from 
our size perspective, the market size perspective and a growth perspective could you share 
some insight around that and also please some details around the approach that we are 
looking to take to grow this business with the customer different and supply chain might be 
different, so how are we planning to execute on that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
One is in the United States the pet market is the biggest market out of all the other animal 
market, so that gives you an idea on the size of the pet. On in terms of marketing how we 
want to do it, it should be completely different from what we are doing as I mentioned that 
currently we are producing vaccines health products for production animals wherein people 
have commercial objective in buying our vaccine. When they buy our Gumboro vaccine or 
the Brucella or sheep pox vaccine, there is a commercial angle involved because by giving 
the vaccine, the health of the host animal improve and what it is going to be getting and 
return out of that, so they are looking at the cost effectiveness of the vaccine in fact like in 
human being there is a high quotient or the quotient is 100% emotional, so therefore the 
whole marketing channel and everything has to be completely different from what it is as 
far as the current thing is concerned. I will just hand it over to Priya to talk. 
Priya Gandhi: 
While the pet market since already the multinationals are already existing over here, but 
what we are going to what Hester is going to focus on mainly some products what we know 
from vaccine once we search is that at the moment what many veterinarians do is that they 
give human supplements and human medicines in a different dosage, for example if we as 
humans are prescribed 5 mg for dog they give it 10, but they use the same supplements that 
are given to human, so what we want to do is, we want to make it specific to the dosage and 
in the presentation for example liquids, bolus whatever that is more preferred for a pet 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 11 of 15 
usage as opposed to what is given right now which is existing in the human that is one of 
the unique thing which we are working on at the moment. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Just one final question which was on the broader poultry and animal health business, so in 
your presentation you had mentioned you are introducing new products towards the 
business, so are the products kind of new to market wherein we are introducing something 
which is different from what are peers are doing and just broader understanding the growth 
of this business, so is this like our vaccine business today is quite underpenetrated, so from 
a penetration point of view what is the health business kind of the over penetrated and 
growth largely from this market share gains. This is my request to you this is what we can 
see? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Some of market penetration, we are actually per se more penetrated already on the poultry 
vaccine front. The large animal vaccine side etc., is, there is scattered market where more 
penetration is needed, but on the health product side, the whole thing is that it is a very huge 
market and we ourselves are very small in this at this point of time so that is something 
which we are focusing on and we would definitely be able to gain more in fact in all my 
press notes talks I have always told of a higher growth rate for these health products as 
compared to the vaccine. Priya would want to say something here. 
Priya Gandhi: 
In terms of penetration I would just like to draw your attention that Hester in collaboration 
with the Scottish NGO, GALVmed was one of the only organization in the world but more 
relevant to developing countries partnered with them to give supply vaccines to the 
smallholder farmers in the rural parts of eastern region of India and now we are trying to 
expand that so what our endeavor to that project is the project of course got over with 
GALVmed in 2018, but we are still continuing with the smaller division which catered 
specifically to the backyard farmers with smaller flock sizes, smaller animals in the 
backyard and what we do is the have the thermotolerant vaccines of the newcastle disease 
which can tolerate or which can higher degrees of temperature, so we do these things, we do 
experiment such that we can cater and penetrate more and more in the rural parts of India as 
well. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
What is we are trying to assume that is strategy of us that we are going deeper into the 
market is offer that the opportunity to sell not only vaccines, but also help products? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Your voice is muffing too much we are not able to hear it clearly, can you just repeat 
please? 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Just to clarify my understanding essentially there is a big market is under penetrated for that 
not only vaccines, but also there is a possibility of selling health products to those farmers 
and we are trying to getting a sense of that based on the collaborations and the project that 
we have done deep in the regions of India, so the market is quite large and the farmer can be 
sold here vaccine as well as health products? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Absolutely, the market is I would again breakup the market into the organized poultry 
sector and the backyard poultry sector, currently India in terms of organized, it covers up to 
around 90% of the market, so the penetration needed is very less over there. On the 
backyard poultry India, we are totally it is only 5% that is covered and that market is as big 
as the organized poultry in terms of population in cattle, sheep, goat it is a completely 
scattered market and a lot of penetration would be needed to be done which all companies 
are doing and the potential today of products to be sold in this market leave alone for 
ourselves this industry can grow more than two to three to four times if this market becomes 
as addressable as the market in the western world. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
It will be very clear. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Solidarity 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gupta: 
The question I wanted to ask was that we are growing our operation across India and the per 
dose value obviously of our products is very small, what percentage of our districts would 
we have sales people which at our current scale, would actually be a loss making territory, 
just because we are still in investment phase, would you track something like this? The 
question I am trying to understand essentially Sir, is that for the India market, our margins 
far below what the margins could be because we have still in investment phase? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Let me just mentally understand your question, your question is what areas are either under 
covered or covered at the moment, but wherein we are not able to make profit because that 
we are trying to make penetration, is that your question? 
Manish Gupta: 
What percentage of our revenue what actually be loss making right now? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I do not think so that there is any area where there is loss making area, yes, when we hire 
new people temporarily the average efficiency of the whole pool of sales people does go 
down because somebody starting with zero while somebody already has 100 credit to that 
person sale, so as we build up there is always increasing the efficiency but at the same time 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 13 of 15 
we go on adding people so this is a continuous ongoing situation but it is very difficult to 
pinpoint that Mr. A is incurring losses for Hester, while Mr. B is making good profit 
ultimately it is the territory and all the initial penetration and has already been done so today 
if you take territory wise there is no loss making, if we take individual wise I am sure at 
some point of time there would be people who would be sort of “actually making loss” for 
the company, but then that is a phase which anybody everybody in marketing sales would 
have to go through anywhere in the world. 
Manish Gupta: 
Absolutely totally get that Sir. The idea was just to understand the amount of operating 
leverage in the business, this is very clear. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Hersh an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Hersh: 
Do you have any plans for QIP you had mentioned few quarters ago, so have you firmed up 
any plans regarding that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Not at the moment. We have been able to raise finances through internal accruals, through 
banks, institutes, loans, etc., so at the moment still QIP has been proposed for an acquisition 
which we are all the time looking for, if we do get an opportunity to acquire something, yes, 
we will trigger that QIP method not till that time. 
Hersh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Arnav an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnav: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the great results. I had a couple of questions, 
mostly have been answered, so on the pet division I think Mr. Gandhi had outlined in some 
of our thinking, is there a revenue number that you are also looking at from a two to three 
year perspective? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, this division is in its formative stage, it would not be possible for us, we are yet firming 
all these things the revenue model etc., for the pet division. It is too early for us to give any 
indications on this. 
Arnav: 
Okay, that is very helpful. Is there any timeline to get it started or it is already you will put 
in place and the products are out in the market? 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No products are out in one year’s time, we will come at the moment, we are studying, we 
are looking, we are trying to look at various products choosing, short listing, packaging, 
designing, because this marketing is very different from the current product marketing that 
we are doing, so I think you can give us one year’s time by the time we launch products. 
Arnav: 
Last question for link the revenue, you mentioned Rs.200, Rs.250 Crores for Africa by three 
to four years, if it goes well and similarly in India we expect to hit Rs.500 Crores, 
something in 2024-2025, is it a fair assessment or if you add goes up and things go well and 
we will be at 10 Crores, 50 Crores at a consolidated level in between 2024-2025? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Your voice is muffing, but as I understand your question is that adding the two would that 
be right, because it is forecast over here are different from the forecast of Africa, so at any 
point of time, both would have to be and should be added. We are not talking of 
overlapping. 
Arnav: 
That is very helpful. Thanks so much and Festive Greeting. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from GormalOne. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Jain: 
This question is mostly for Nikhil where Nikhil we are looking at you have Rs.38 Crores of 
EBITDA in the first six months this year and on an annualized run rate of Rs.76 Crores of 
EBITDA and Rajiv just mentioned a Rs.50 Crores capex plan and current debt to equity of 
only 38%, because your net debt is only Rs.95 Crores, so what is the max debt to equity that 
you all will be comfortable with? 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Overall, debt equity that we are looking is may be 60% to 40% what is we are looking at the 
debt equity ratio with the new capex and all coming in. 
Manish Jain: 
60% of debt and 40% of equity? 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Yes. 
Manish Jain: 
That means you can actually technically do upwards the Rs.200 Crores of acquisition, 
should you want without diluting equity? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
What you have understood is absolutely right and that is the maximum that we could be 
wanting to go or we could go, but the path towards it would not be first the small thing that 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences 
28 October 2021 
 
Page 15 of 15 
we are doing over here, if we get anything that we can acquire based on the size of it, how 
much money we would raise and how much of debt we would take and that is the way we 
would want to go further taking debt, working hard, repaying it off is always better than any 
other way of financing, but this yes, he has given you an outer limit. 
Manish Jain: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you everybody for hearing us out as well as I hope I have been able to satisfy all of 
you with my answers. As I always say there are times when I am not able to give 
satisfactory answer up to you all, one is that I may be lacking information two that due to 
whatever statutory reasons I might not be able to say certain things, so besides that I hope 
you all had satisfying Q&A session. Looking forward to catch up with you all again in our 
next call which would be in the next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much participants. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
