 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Beta Drugs Limited Business Update Conference Call” 
 
December07, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL BATRA – CHAIRMAN &MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, BETA DRUGS LIMITED 
MR. NIPUN ARORA – CFO, BETA DRUGS LIMITED 
MR. ASHUTOSH SHUKLA – VICE PRESIDENT, BETA 
DRUGS LIMITED 
MR. GURVINDER BHULLAR – STRATEGIC ADVISOR, 
BETA DRUGS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. APURVA SHAH – PHILLIP CAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Business Update Conference Call of Beta 
Drugs Limited, hosted by Phillip Capital PCG Desk. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Apurva Shah from Phillip Capital India Private 
Limited. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Apurva Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Phillip Capital, I welcome all of you to the Business 
Update Conference Call of Beta Drug Limited. 
From management we have: 
Mr. Rahul Batra - Chairman and Managing Director 
Mr. Nipun Arora – CFO 
Mr. Ashutosh Shukla - Vice President 
Mr. Gurvinder Bhullar – Strategic Advisor 
I now hand over the line to Mr. Rahul Batra for his opening remarks, post it, we will open the 
floor for question and answer. So thank you very much Rahul ji for your time. And over to 
you, sir. 
Rahul Batra: 
Good evening, everyone. First of all, we would like to apologize for the delayed call. Actually, 
it was supposed to be done in November, but we had plans to go to Uzbekistan to establish our 
marketing setup as all the approvals regarding tablets and injectables have been received there. 
Since the visas couldn’t process, so we decided to organize it now before it gets further 
delayed. 
I will start with some numbers overview. BDL consolidated revenue for the first six months of 
FY22 grew by 71% to Rs. 88.1 crores from Rs. 51.4 crores, compared to the same period a 
year ago. The growth was mainly driven by our own branded sales, which has increased up to 
140%. The company has continued to expand its presence, almost all the corporate hospitals in 
India, and has also marked its presence in the remaining Tier-II and Tier-III city. 
The CMO business grew up by 66%.The total consolidated EBITDA grew by 87% to Rs. 20.5 
crores from Rs. 11 crores as compared to the last year. The EBITDA margin stood at 23.27% 
expanding up by 200 point basis. The margin expansion was mainly derived by the own 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
branded sales. The net profit too increased by 127% to Rs. 11.75, crores as compared to Rs. 
5.18 crores compared with the same period. 
As for the guidance, management expect that we will be doing the better second half in the 
financial performance as compared to the first half. While the old brand sales and the exports 
will continue to grow healthy, the main focus on the second half will be for the API and 
exports. 
Now, I will call up Ashutosh to take up the branded formulation sales for both domestic and 
exports. We will take you to the segment wise developments and we will start with our own 
branded formulations for both domestic and exports. Ashutoshji, to you now. 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Good evening everyone.I will be giving an overview of branded formulations business.I will 
start with domestic and then we will move to the international business. 
Domestic Market: 
We registered a healthy growth of 119% in H1 and expect a CAGR of 36% to 38% for the 
period 2019 to 2022.We are in a leadership position with couple of brands. And by the end of 
next financial year, we expect couple of more brands will come into the leadership position. 
This year, we have already introduced six new brands and expect to launch four more new 
brands by March 2022. 
We also have developed NDDS formulation of Azacitidine injection. And we are the third 
company who is getting the license from DCGI to market this molecule in India. Most 
important thing is that the API is also developed in-house which is surely going to give us the 
cost advantage. Our strength lies in new product launch and that is going to continue to drive 
future growth for us. 
International Market: 
Currently we are supplying our brands to around 16 countries globally. We have hired a couple 
of DGMs from world class company and both these guys have a rich experience of more than 
15 years in international market. 
In last four months, we have targeted 22 additional countries and signed CDA with them. Our 
major thrust will continue to be in Latin America, CIS countries, Southeast Asia and African 
countries. We have triggered audit of PIC/S, ANVISA, INVIMA and COFEPRIS. Not only 
that, we are also working for MA acquisition from a European company so that we can trigger 
audit for EU GMP as well. 
So, overall, we expect a very healthy growth coming in from 2023 onwards. However, till that 
time, we can still expect a growth of around 30% to 35%. Thank you very much. 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Rahul Batra: 
So now I will take up for API and the CRAM business. 
API: 
So, the main focus of the company was always API. So, once we went into the backward 
integration, the whole idea was whatever sourcing of raw material which we used to do earlier 
so, we have to increase with a significant number of percentage as a backwardly integrated. 
There earlier in the last few years, we have seen that the total procurement from the subsidiary 
company were 45% to 50%, this has gradually increased to 60% now. So only platins we are 
not able to produce. So we are just sourcing from outside. Rest all the products we are trying to 
source from Adley Lab only. 
So in Adley Lab since there was a constraint regarding the capacity, so we have added two 
more reactors, one is for 500 liter and the second is for 1600 liters. Since the number of 
products has been added to meet up the demand for both the subsidiary company and for 
domestic and exports, we have increased this capacity. And in addition to that, we have also 
upgraded our microbiology lab and QC so that we can easily trigger the EU audit. We are 
planning to file our first DMF by June 2022 as we said in the last call. 
In addition to this we are also adding two glass line assemblies, which the work will be over by 
January 2022, like in two months from now, with a capacity of 200 liter, two reactors and 100 
liter two reactors where this line will be totally focused only on the regulated markets. Already 
in this financial year, we have launched seven new APIs plus company is working very 
aggressively in launching another four APIs in the coming four months. 
BDL is proud to say and share with you all that company has recently got approval to 
manufacture 2 DG API which was approved for COVID treatment. So this is the first company 
in India who has got the approval without any DRDO support. So we did the development in-
house, filed the DCGI application, got the audits done from DCGI. And now we have recently 
got the approval to manufacture this. But we know we understand the situation now it's quite 
okay with India, but in case any further rise or spike in the cases, then we will be having an 
added advantage in this particular API. 
To meet the basic demand of this API, Beta has also taken a loan license in some facility to 
manufacture particularly this product. All the cytotoxics will be manufactured at our own 
facility and this particular 2DG will be manufactured in the own licensed facility. 
So the API sales stood at FY2021 Rs. 6.6 crores, this is the outside sales, not the internal sales, 
which is now in this first half we have done around Rs. 4 crores. We expect a significant 
growth in the coming six months. We have done well in the last two months and we expect the 
same growth to be coming in the remaining four months. 
 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
CRAM: 
The CRAM business the business has grown significantly by 68%. We have added new 
customers, new companies in our portfolios. We have started manufacturing for them. Plus in 
the CRAM business we have targeted mainly the indirect exporters. So the only reason of 
having a growth in this is again the new molecules which we have launched. So those seven 
products which we have recently developed and launched in Beta Drug, we have given to our 
CRAM partners as well. And we intend to give them all the new molecules which we research. 
Our core strength always lies in the R&D. The R&D Spend was 1% which will now increase 
up to 4% of the sales. This is only because we have a very, very strong pipeline till 2025.Our 
teams are working very aggressively in both the sectors like the ICR team and the development 
team. The ICR team just ensured that we are not infringing any patent so that we should be 
involved in any litigation with any MNC. And once we get a clearance from there, so the other 
team take up the product based on the requirements, based on the research of our side. So our 
main focus areas in this oncology new development products is always hematology. As 
Ashutosh ji just discussed that we have just made a novel drug of Azacitidine NDDS that is 
Azacitidine Oral. So now there are three more products which are pipelined through DCGI 
route only which the product approvals are expected by March. So we have made the 
pipelines, we have identified the products till 2025 and our team has started working on that. 
Now, to conclude this, we have almost shared all the business segments, we have discussed 
about the branded formulations, that exports, the branded formulations is the key driver growth 
for us now for the next three to four years. The exports we look forward and we are, as Mr. 
Ashutosh said, that we have filed the registrations, we have filed the inspection fees for 
ANVISA, COFEPRIS so we will be getting audits soon from these countries. In case we have 
given them an option to opt out, if they cannot come for the physical audits they can do for a 
desktop audit as well. So we are working on that. So if we talk about exports, export is on 
track, the domestic is on track and API is 100% on track, then CRAM is also showing a 
significant growth. 
So I will conclude now by just saying a few lines, since we have a robust pipeline for the next 
three to five years our intent is to launch all the new molecules, be the first one in the generics 
or it can be the FTL First to Launch or it can be the NDDS. This will be the major growth 
driver for the company. 
We are looking forward for 30% to 35% annual growth for next three to four years down the 
line, which we are very confident to achieve. Our team is very strong and very energetic. Now, 
I would like to invite all the queries from our dear shareholders. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Soham Das, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Soham Das: 
So, I had two quick questions. Basically, you mentioned about CRAMs as well as domestic 
strategy. So can you please explain to me basically how will the strategy look, whether you 
will be selling all the new molecules on the domestic basis by yourself? And so how basically 
it will look, I am not quite sure about. 
And the second point is how does your current TKI pipeline looks, because as far as the 2020 
annual report goes, you mentioned path of about eight TKIs to be released in the next three to 
four years. So how does that look? 
Rahul Batra: 
So I would like to tell you that whatever development we do in-house whatever products we 
intend to manufacture, the strategy is very clear that first month we tend to launch our own 
brand simultaneously we offer these brands to our CRAM partners as well. Since the capacity 
is not a constraint at all, and we are on a leverage of 50% to 60%, because majorly the 
developments are happening on the orals front so we have to exploit both the opportunities. 
And we intend to launch, in our own branding plus along with our CRAM partners. 
The second question you asked about the TKIs. So, last financial year, this financial year 
particularly, we have already launched seven new molecules on which four were the TKIs then 
another two to three TKIs are going to be launched by March ‘22. And we have made a 
pipeline as I discussed on my roadmap that we have made a pipeline till 2025 identified all the 
new molecules which are supposed to be launched. Our team has already started working on 
those molecules and our major focus will be towards hematology, lung and breast cancer. 
Soham: 
And one follow-up question on the CRAMs business. So, what is the nature of the financial 
arrangement? Is it on a revenue sharing or is it a basically pick up on the spot? What kind of 
revenue sharing, what kind of financial arrangement is it? 
Rahul Batra: 
See the CRAMs business is all about, we don't share the cost sheets with them,we just share 
the transfer price, along with our MoQ. So this is the Minimum order Quantity, and this is the 
transfer price. So, once they agree, we proceed for the agreement of trademark and then we 
start manufacturing and deliver the goods to them. 
Soham: 
How was the Uzbek operations looking? 
Rahul Batra: 
Uzbek operations, now, since March, everything was online, but we got the approval for all the 
orals we manufactured there. We got the approvals for all the injectables. Injectable we 
supplied made available at our Beta UBK Warehouse there. But since the COVID pandemic 
was there, we couldn't travel at all.The six months India didn't allow to go and after that we 
tried, but we are still in the process of getting visas. Once everything is online we will be there. 
We will set up our marketing base and then we will be kicking off the marketing process as 
well. 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gurjot Ahluwalia, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
Just a couple of questions,I want to understand the performance of the six new launches.What 
can be the expected growth of the domestic brand sales for H2? Because I understand inH2 of 
last year, we had done about Rs. 22 crores in the branded formulations.And in H1 we have 
done Rs. 24 crores. So incrementally only up I think Rs. 2 crores compared to last six months 
and first six months of this year. So, how is the new launches and what kind of growth we are 
looking for? 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
So, we are increasing our cover market size every year. So, the six novel molecules which we 
have introduced, the covered market, we have increased by over Rs. 250 crores. And the four 
more TKIs which we will be launching in next four months’ time again we will be increasing 
our covered market size by around Rs. 200 Cr. So, as of now, the market share which we have 
got for the existing molecules, for the recently new launched is around 2.5%, which we expect 
for the future new launches as well. 
And as far as sales are concerned, last financial year we did Rs. 33 Cr, which we have already 
crossed in November. And now lot of orders, institutional orders are also lined up so we expect 
a very healthy growth in this financial year. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
But what I see in the presentation it says April to September ‘24. 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Yes, right. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
And last year, I am calculating for H2. I think H2 was only 22. 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Right. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
So I am just saying it's a Rs. 2crore growth, between last six months and first six months of 
this year. 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Right, so this year also, see last year if you see the first half, COVID impact was very much 
high. Even in this year, the COVID impact was there for a couple of months. Now we have 
regained our market share. And now the current base which we are expecting, like for example 
Rs. 33 crores, if you see the average sales of last financial year was less than Rs. 3Cr,close to 
around Rs. 2.75 crore, and now we will be cropping the sales of Rs. 5 Cr for next four months. 
That is the kind of growth we will be getting for the future months. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
And just one more thing on this business. So you have also mentioned that you will be 
focusing on Railways, CGHS Army. Now, I am a little concerned if you will get the same 
EBITDA margins versus your private corporate hospitals. And if this business will be lumpy 
or like tender driven, so like, what kind of margins should we expect if we are going to go into 
that sort ofArmy, Railways institutional. 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
I will explain you the entire scenario. So if you see the overall Onco industry, the government 
institutions reimbursement patients that contributes to around 30%, remaining 70% comes 
from corporate and private hospitals, right. And as far as institutions are concerned, institutions 
we don't have much of a manpower. So we do have a one Institutional Head who is taking care 
of the entire institutional business. Plus we are taking the help of our trade team as well for the 
institutional business. So there is hardly any investment as far as institutional business is 
concerned. So as far as EBITDA is concerned, yes, definitely the prices will be low. But at the 
same time, the investment will also be very low. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
No, what I am trying to say is, right now, if you are getting 30% to33% EBITDA margin, if 
you start doing sales to Army, Railways, CGHS, then EBITDA margin will become lower on 
incremental sales, that is my point. 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Yes, you are correct to some extent. See, again, if you see the major thrust for us is the private 
hospitals. Now, the point which I wanted to bring in is like, if you see the overall Onco 
industry, one is the institution business which you are talking about. The second is a corporate 
business wherein there is a heavy price competition. Third is the private market. So we are 
focusing majorly into private market. So that this EBITDA margin should go up. Even though 
we are getting a lower EBITDA margin from the institutional sales, but overall EBITDA, if 
you see, it will be matching as it is, for the years to come. Because when the institutional sales 
is going up at the same time, the private business is also going up very, very significantly. So 
overall, EBITDA margin, if you see it will remain the same. Or it will be a little higher also, 
because, one thing I must tell you, if you see the manpower of Beta, as compared to the 
industry, our manpower like the per person productivity, it's like one of the highest in the 
industry. And that is a major focus for us as well. 
Rahul Batra: 
I will just add-on on this, since we have a leverage in terms of production, and we have an 
opportunity to sell the products in any of the institutions, will be definitely doing it. Our focus 
is although as Mr. Ashutosh ji, rightly said that our focus is towards the corporate and the 
private market. But since, if we have the leverage, if we have the benefit of getting into the 
institutions, so we will be addressing this market, and we will try to capture as much as 
possible. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
So just on the CRAM business. So we have seen again, great growth in this business also. So 
just wanted to understand I think you have talked about few customer additions here. I want to 
understand if this is a long term business like 5, 10 year contracts, you have. And secondly, 
again, this business I think, is the lowest EBITDA margin business, right about 15%, 16%. So 
what is the plan here, will the sales mix, will be the same percentage, what this business 
contributes, currently it will remain the same in the future or this will have much faster growth 
or lower growth? 
Rahul Batra: 
The CRAM business is already steady business for any pharmaceutical company. Companies 
like Hetero, companies like BDR, companies like Natco, companies like Panacea Biotec, they 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
also take the CRAM business. We have been doing this CRAM business since last 15 years 
now. And until now, we have not seen even a single customer backed off from our side. So 
every year we renew the agreements with them, and we get the same response as we used to 
get earlier. The only advantage the CRAM partners have with us is that we are intending to 
develop new products which everyone is looking forward to launch and add-on their product 
baskets. 
Coming on to the next part of the question that about the revenue mix, till the time we have 
leverage, and we still have a lot of leverage till the time we have leverage, we will continue 
serving our CRAM partners as well. So, even though the EBITDA is less, once the production 
is there, the capacity is there, we will be carrying on with this business mix. In future, once our 
exports are settled in coming two, three years down the line. But for that also, in case some 
expansion is required in terms of new facility, which we discussed in the last call also, 
expansion is required, we will be doing the expansions on that particular line. And we will not 
be leaving even single of our CRAM customers. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
So once we have the exports approvals in place, your different audits are cleared then slowly 
CRAMS business will come down a little bit. 
Rahul Batra: 
See, the thing is, we as a businessman, we don’t want to lose even a single business of us. 
Every business is very important every segment is very important. Although the focus is in the 
own branded formulation whether it's domestic or whether it's exports. But for us, our CRAM 
partners are equally important. So even if we have to do expansions, and we don't have a 
leverage in terms of the production capacity we will be going for the expansion and we will be 
serving them as long as we can. 
Gurjot Ahluwalia: 
But it will not overall impact the margin profile of the company. 
Rahul Batra: 
No, no the margin will substantially increased because one thing you have seen from this half 
year, the half year which went. So the margins have increased. So this is only because of the 
own branded formulation, which has increased. So the own branded formulation will continue 
to increase at 30% to 35% pace, simultaneously we are increasing our exports as well. So the 
margins will increase. And we will try to maintain the same margins with our CRAM partners. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.The next question is from the line of Rajesh Singla, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
So this is regarding the targets which you had shared in your last call. So you had set a target 
of Rs. 153 crore sales for FY22. And over which you were expecting the sales to grow at 30% 
to 35% every year, and EBITDA margin to grow by 100 to 150 basis point every year. So now 
we have done already Rs. 90 crore in the first half. And you are saying that the second half 
would be even better than this. So the base probably, your target seems to be maybe around 
200 crore this year. And then how much comfortable are we to grow at a 30% to 35% rate over 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Rs. 200 crore revenue this year. And do you still confirm that your EBITDA margin will 
continue to improve by 100 to 150 basis point every year? 
Rahul Batra: 
So the thing is that we have been doing pretty well in our own branded formulations. And in 
future also the base will be the same for own branded, since there is a lot of opportunity lies in 
the Indian market. On the second side, the exports will also be a dominant factor towards our 
margin growth. So once we are through with all these approvals, and since the registrations are 
already lined up, once we are through with the approval, so the EBITDA margin will gradually 
grow. 
The only thing is that the figure which we gave in our last year call was 154. And since we 
have the 90, 88 so we will be doing much better than this as compared to the first half. And 
gradually the same sort of growth is expected in the next two to three years down the line. We 
have already laid down our plans accordingly. And we have been discussing with our core 
team internally as well, with the finance team that how to grow, where to grow, which 
segments do we focus. And the plan has been laid down very nicely and neatly for next two, 
three years down the line. 
Rajesh: 
So you are confirming the EBITDA margin will also improve by 100 to 150 basis point every 
year. 
Rahul Batra: 
Yes, yes. 
Rajesh: 
In terms of the business profile, so we are primarily into Oncology. So are there any plans to 
tap other markets or we believe that Oncology is big enough for us to keep growing for next 
three, four, five years or maybe 10 years? So are you looking to expand your horizon beyond 
Oncology or maybe in chemicals side as well? 
Rahul Batra: 
Yes, so oncology is our key focus area. Oncology is in like it is a core thing for us.We intend 
to look forward for only Oncology as of now. But simultaneously we have the facility 
available where we can plan for some general injectablelyophilize is one, that to lyophilized 
one. And that is only for, like only focusing on the antifungals. But the plan is still on the 
books and we are still working on that one. Apart from this, we might look for one more 
division to be added in the coming years down the line. 
Rajesh: 
Maybe when one last question on your growth path, you I think seems to be extremely, I think 
one of the fastest growing company in the business, in the Oncology segment. And in terms of 
the margin expansion, you are also comfortable with the margin expansion theme for yourself. 
And in terms of the dividend part like are you planning to give any dividend in the future or 
you still want to invest your money in the business itself to grow even at a faster pace? 
Rahul Batra: 
See, these are two choices which we have to make. So we thought of giving dividend but 
simultaneously we have to think about the capacity expansions as well. So on the injectable 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
side, we need to expand on the lyophilizer part, since our lyophilized injectable were becoming 
stagnant and the capacity was becoming constrained. So, we just installed one lyophilizer. So 
that's already like on the root and it will be done by this month only. So, the expansion part has 
gone, the money part has gone there. 
Then the second is the expansion, we are doing in the terms of API, since we are going for the 
EU approval for that particular segment, already two reactors added then one more line will be 
added and one QC and microbiology, little bit has been done, the modification has been done. 
So the money part has gone there as well. Then we are actually looking forward for more and 
more registrations. So for more and more registrations, we need to trigger the inspections so 
inspection fees need to be paid. So right now dividend, of course is on books, but we will still 
evaluate till March, how much more expenditure is required in terms of growing the sales 
majorly for exports. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav from Ace Capital Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghav: 
My question is related to current capacity utilization and if our capacities are fungible. 
Rahul Batra: 
Right, so API business, let's talk about the API business first. So API, since we are adding 
more and more molecules, that's the reason we expanded our API reactors. The two reactors 
have already been added. Then for EU we are again adding four more reactors that is only the 
glasslines. Then if you come on to the, after this, we will be having the leverage will be 60% 
to70% utilization only. 
In API's, the major benefit which we get as an onco is, that the batch sizes are not huge. So the 
batch sizes are only kilo batch sizes, only 10 kgs, 20 kgs, it's not like one tonne or two tone 
batch sizes. So this is one advantage we have in Oncology. But apart from that, we have a 
number of reactors to take care of our own demand, to take care of our other domestic demand 
for the other Oncology player, plus for the exports as well. 
In terms of our formulation is concerned, the orals part, the oral facility, we still have a 
leverage of around 50% to60%. As this is a new plant, and we were serving it from the older 
plant earlier. In terms of injectable we do have, we had a constraint for lyophilized injectables, 
that constraint has also been addressed. And now the new lyois coming in place this will be 
installed by December. So, again that leverage will come to 60% to65%. And overall we can 
easily, with this investment and see pharma is a continuous investment process.Every time you 
need some new machineries, every time you need some new equipment, every time if 
something is there, you have a space you go for an addition of the line or addition of the 
machinery. So this will be a regular process, this will keep on adding. And with this particular 
investment which we have done and planned till January 2022 we will be having enough 
leverage and we can do a sales of Rs. 300crores odd. 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Raghav: 
And I appreciate your willingness to allocate capital to expansions rather than giving 
dividends. I think, for a smaller company, we would like that position in stock prices rather 
than getting some dividends, like, so I also appreciate that. 
My second question will be related with R&D capacity. So how many scientists we have, and 
since we are a research based organization, are we going to increase the scientific pool that we 
have currently. 
Rahul Batra: 
So the overall target is to develop around five to seven molecules in a year. And for that we 
have enough scientists in place.Apart from the scientists, we have the ICR team also, the law 
team also in place. So the total expenditure we were doing that was around 1%, but now it will 
gradually increase to 4% of the total sales value. So the number of scientists we have for this 
development is around 4 and we might increase up to 6 or 7 based on the requirement, in case 
we are capable enough to handle this development so we might not be adding, but future we 
will definitely be adding up some more scientists in the development path. 
Raghav: 
So this CAPEX that you are doing in terms of R&D spend 2% higher,is it more in terms of 
getting more manpower, maybe junior scientists or other staff or is it in terms of equipment 
buying? 
Rahul Batra: 
No, it is in terms of the particular product development. So product development, we need to 
have multiple batches for which we need multiple source of intermediates. So for one product 
development, in case of supposing we take up Azacitidine so we have to take three to four 
batches, we have to take in formulation, three batches in API. So, this is how the total if we see 
the developing NDDS is not an easy task, it's totally a technological driven thing. So, once we 
are into all this process, so one product gives us an immense pressure of the cost, but this 
pressure is nothing in terms of sales as whatever expenditure we do on development of one 
product can be met out in three or four months. So the major expenditure part in R&D, what 
we are doing is not towards coming up with a new scientist, this is towards getting the material 
developed at our sites. 
Raghav: 
I think Oncology products are, the developing markets are pretty underserved, in terms of 
Oncology market. So there is a huge potential to be tapped over there, challenge will be there 
are so many small markets that you need to do registration etc. So as a strategy we want to take 
the emerging markets or we want to take the developed markets like Europe, and take the big 
players there head on in terms of cost advantage, which we have. 
Rahul Batra: 
So these are three strategies, you will just --. So our major strategy is towards, is developing 
the first to take the PIC/S approval, we have already filed an application in Thailand, we have 
already filed an application in Brazil for ANVISA. So we might expect an audit very soon. So 
the major target is towards the semi-regulated market right now. And after this parallelly our 
team is working towards acquiring one MA from Europe. We are in talking with two countries 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
in Eastern Europe to have an MA acquisition where we can easily trigger the EU market as 
well. 
Simultaneously, if we get an opportunity to work with any good company for European or 
regulated markets, we are looking for that possibility and as we are in talking terms with one or 
two companies on that side also. But that will also be based on the non-exclusive basis.The 
exclusivity will all be given to those companies as simultaneous. Once they are marketing in 
those countries simultaneously, we will be marketing as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
I have three questions, actually. First is a question on your strategy. So one thing which I find 
slightly strange is that you have your own branded portfolio and yet you are also supplying 
your API to some of your, basically your competitors in the market right. So isn't there a 
conflict there? And why do that? I understand there are benefits of operating leverage. You 
have so much capacity, so you are doing it. But long term strategy wise, is it something that 
you will continue to do? Does it make sense? Does it not make in fact more sense to have 
every API under your own brand? So that's my first question. 
Rahul Batra: 
So, the thing is, in pharmaceuticals,in pharma one does manufacture one raw material and 
supply and manufacture it in-house for the formulations, and supply to other companies. If we 
are not doing it, someone else will come and play, and they will be supplying to those 
companies. So since we have the leverage, we have the price advantage, we have the profits to 
be inculcated in that facility. So if all those facilities, if all those opportunities are there, why 
not supply these APIs those companies as well. 
I am not comparing myself to any big company, we are not comparing that, but still, Sun 
Pharma do manufacture Carboplatin, which is today's right now short is the market. So Sun 
Pharma does the formulation and API both, but Sun Pharmaalso gives the Carboplatin to all 
the companies, like to us, to Nephron, to Hetero, to Zydus to all the companies. So, this is a 
business model, since you have the capacity, you can market that product, why not give it to 
each and every, this will increase the market also and this will increase the brand name also. 
Agastya Dave: 
Second question is you mentioned about your capacity utilizations and plenty of investment is 
already going in. But these are just additions right, when would you require a new block or 
when would you require a new site? How far away are you from reaching those requirements? 
Rahul Batra: 
As I discussed earlier that this particular addition is good enough to grow sales of Rs. 300 odd 
crores. So, before that, once we are at the verge of doing Rs. 260 crore, Rs. 270 crore. And 
coming up with the plant of a new line that will be only required, I think will be the only line 
which is required for further expansion will be the injectable one. We have already acquired a 
land there. We have already acquired the land near our facility. So we have made the 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
expansions, and the plans are ready. The only thing is the execution need to be done. But till 
the time we have leverage, the execution will not take place, once we are at Rs. 260 crore to 
Rs. 270 odd crore, will be going on for an additional line injectable. 
Agastya Dave: 
So just to clarify, once the current capacities are more or less like 80%, 85%, 90% utilized, you 
will acquire new addition, which would be a basically a different line. Right? 
Rahul Batra: 
That will be a different line, different, you can say different block altogether. 
Agastya Dave: 
And the current location that you have, how much land do you have? How many such blocks 
can you add? 
Rahul Batra: 
We can add up two more blocks there. And we have a land of around 3.5 acres, we have just 
added 0.8 acres more, and we are in talking terms with all the villagers nearby, who are like 
just adjoin to the plant. So they are ready to give us to 2 to 2.5 to 3 acres more towards. 
Agastya Dave: 
You said you can add two more blocks. 
Rahul Batra: 
Yes, we can add two more blocks in this project. 
Agastya Dave: 
My final question is, on the filings that you are doing in regulated market and you are not 
setting up some reactors dedicated for that purpose. So if I look at your, let's say, by 2025, how 
will your business mix change, in terms of exports versus domestic and regulated versus ROW. 
So what would be that split in your mind? 
And a sub-part to this question is that going forward once you go into the regulated markets, 
will we be seeing more FTFs, probably you becoming authorized generic for some molecule or 
you getting Para IV opportunities? How are you looking at it? And how are we preparing the 
backend for that, because those will be the like really massive opportunities, right. So first of 
all, is it something that we can handle? And what are we doing to prepare for that? 
Rahul Batra: 
So I will start with the last line, like we are capable of handling each and every situation. And 
we have got all the professionals in line. The scene is totally driven by the professionals from 
the Onco industry who are working in this line from last 15, 20 years, now, whether it's in the 
production line, whether it's in the finance line, whether it's in the marketing line, sales line 
exports line. So all put together, all of us are working in the Oncology since last 15, 20 years 
now. 
So now coming down to the strategic front on the export side and the revenue mix so once our 
exports will be fully syllable cycle, so the revenue we see as compared to the current scenario, 
is that 30% to35% of the export revenue will be there, same 30% to35%, our own branded 
formulation will be there. Then the revenue mix might, although the growth will be there in the 
CRAM, with the CRAM partners as well. But since the volume of exports will be high, so the 
percentage business of CRAMS will come down from 55%, 60% to 30%, 35%. 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Singla, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
Maybe if you can elaborate a bit about your M&A strategy in line with the CAPEX plan, 
which you earlier mentioned. So, you are saying that till the time you reach Rs. 260 crore kind 
of revenue, you might have to spend a bit more or you have to basically do a large CAPEX, so 
which I believe could be in FY24, coming in front of you. So basically a bit more on M&A 
strategy and the CAPEX timelines and the amount required to grow the business continuously 
at 30% to 35% rate? 
Nipun Arora: 
So, the CAPEX which we have spent, can you repeat the question again? 
Rajesh: 
So, earlier there was a comment that you might require a large CAPEX once you reach like Rs. 
260 crore kind of sales, which I believe you would be doing by maybe next year or maybe by 
FY24. So, probably you would have to spend the money, maybe from next year onwards. So, 
if you can elaborate a bit more on your CAPEX amount which you would need for large 
capacity or for basically a major expansion in the next year or maybe year after? 
Nipun Arora: 
See the expansion which we are already doing, we have already spent 50% to60% of the 
expansion without getting any further loan. I mean, the loan which we have got was very 
minimal. Say if we have in all the three companies that we have invested, somewhere around 
Rs. 78 Cr, we have got a loan only for Rs. 2 Cr, out of which we have utilized only Rs. 1 Cr till 
now. So, we have done it from the internal sources only. So by this capacity only which we 
have already incurred we could easily touch Rs 200 crore to Rs. 220 Cr. So, by I mean, you are 
talking about Rs. 240 Cr, so we are nearly, we can easily touch theRs. 220 crore to Rs. 240 Cr 
by this capacity only. 
Rajesh: 
So, that Rs. 240 crore, if I look at say Rs. 190 crore this year, and then 30% growth next year, 
so you would be doing around Rs. 240 crore probably next year. So, you would require major 
CAPEX, maybe next year to keep growing at that rate or that is already under plan --? 
Nipun Arora: 
See the CAPEX in terms of equipment we have already incurred and we are incurring. The 
CAPEX regarding the product registration, it will be incurred in the next phase. 
Rahul Batra: 
So, the thing is, as I told you already that with this expansion, we can do easily say about Rs. 
300 odd crores, right. So, after we get into like Rs. 260 crore to Rs. 270 crores of sales we will 
be looking for an expansion for the injectable line. For particular injectable lines we have the 
land available to construct that block, and the injectable line, the total amount required is not 
more than Rs. 35 crores. So, we have enough reserves with us. And we might not go for more 
loan from the banks so that the company should be in the same phase as it is today. So the total 
investment might be around Rs. 30 crore to Rs. 35 crores, it will not be more than that. 
Rajesh: 
And maybe a bit on your M&A strategy. 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Rahul Batra: 
M&A strategy, till now we have not like seen any of the company where we can do some 
M&A. But of course if we get an opportunity in any of the divisions like which is linked to 
Oncology only we will be definitely exploring that opportunity and we will be doing that as 
well. 
We are in talk and we have we have our concerns, we have our people everywhere in all the 
like segments. We are in talking terms with Deloitte. We have relations with the many of the 
persons who are mainly pharma specific. So in case any acquisitions, they are looking forward 
to diverse, so they will be offering to us and in case they are linked to Oncology, we will be 
exploring that possibility as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Dheeraj Shah from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dheeraj Shah: 
When you say that you are looking to increase the R&D expenditure as a percentage of sales to 
4%, from current 1%, so my question is that this will impact the overall EBITDA margin going 
ahead? 
Rahul Batra: 
No, there will not be any impact on the EBITDA margins, because the expansion mode will be 
for two, three months, but after that, the product will be launched and the same revenue will be 
generated for next nine months. And once these products are launched, these products will add 
up further more EBITDA as compared to the current portfolio. So the EBITDA will not be 
affected at all with the development part. 
Dheeraj Shah: 
As you said that you have plan to launch maybe 20, 25 molecules in coming years. So, how do 
you identify the molecule? So, is it totally depends upon how big is the market size of that 
molecule or is it a complex process? Or is it dependent on the competitive intensity? 
Rahul Batra: 
So the thing is, we have a good marketing pace in Oncology, the team who is working with us, 
they have a rich, vast experience in Oncology expertise. So, the main areas of our 
identification of a new product is always hematology, lung cancer, breast cancer. Plus we have 
started on the side, on the prostate as well. So, these are the main focus areas for the key 
developments for the key products which we intend to launch in the coming years. 
Secondly, the market size of those products, if they are the niche molecules, if they are the, see 
there are two processes now, one is that we are the FTL First to Launch for the generic version 
of research molecule. The market size is already there, but after the generic molecule is 
launched, so, the market size reduced substantially by 110. But if we are doing a novel 
formulation, like we have done for Azacitidine oral. So this product is not available in India 
with any of the research companies. 
So, these products are not available in terms of, it's not available with any of the MNCs. So, 
once we do this, these are the molecules which are novel molecules and certainly the market 

 
Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
December 7, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
size of these molecules need to be created. But since the indication is there, the doctors always 
look forward for something unique and something new from the company. So, once these are 
developed, so, we will have an opportunity to go and crack even those doctors which we are 
not covering at the current situation. So, this gives an edge in the market as well. 
Dheeraj Shah: 
What would be the over all market size of the new product that you are going to launch in 
coming years, any ballpark figure? 
Rahul Batra: 
See the one, Ashutosh ji just discussed that the four molecules which we are going to launch 
by 2022, March, the market size will be close to around Rs. 200 crores. So, we will be catering 
these. And now after that single molecules will have a single market size. So, that is still under 
consideration. And whatever market sizes, we will try to take the maximum market share from 
there onwards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Apurva Shah, for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Apurva Shah: 
So on behalf of Phillip Capital, we thank all the participants for your valuable time. And 
especially the entire team of Beta Drugs Limited, Rahulji, before we close would you like to 
make any closing remarks so that would be helpful for all the logged in participants. 
Rahul Batra: 
So thank you so much for sparing time. As I told earlier that it was supposed to be done in the 
month of November. But anyhow, we have done it now. And we will scale it up to the level 
where you all are looking towards. And we will continue give the performance of 30% to35% 
annually, and our own branded formulation will definitely make an impact in the market. So 
once everyone is aware of like the Oncology so you can always have a look arounds of the 
market from the data available online that where the company stands, where the branded 
formulation they are going, and what sort of turnover, what sort of development they are 
taking forward. On behalf of my team I thank you all and assure you best of our performance 
in the coming years as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited. That concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
