CH A LET 
November 3, 2021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 . 
Scrip Code: CHALET 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 . 
Scrip Code: 542399 
HOTELS 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2021 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ('Listing Regulations'), please find attached herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call 
held by the Company in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and six 
months ended September 30, 2021. 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript will also be disclosed on the website of the Company i.e. www.chalethotels.com. 
Request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking You . 
Yours faithfully, 
For Chalet Hotels Limited 
~ 
Christabelle Baptista 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
Regd. Off. : Raheja Tower, Plot No.C-30, Block 'G', Next to Bank of Baroda, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phone: +91-22-2656 4000 Fax: +91-22-2656 5451 Website: www.chalethotels.com 
CIN: L55101MH1986PLC038538 

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Chalet Hotels Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 29, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJAY SETHI - MD AND CEO 
MR. MILIND WADEKAR – CFO 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Chalet Hotels Limited Q2 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Sethi, Managing Director and CEO of Chalet 
Hotels. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. After six quarters of various levels of lockdown the 
hospitality industry has seen the momentum pick up led by a positive consumer sentiment 
and easing of restrictions and I guess the industry is quite excited about it. Globally over 
38% of the population has now been fully vaccinated and in key markets such as UK, U.S, 
Singapore and UAE have between 60% and 80% of the population fully vaccinated. 
 
India as you know we recently hit the one billion dose mark and over 32% of the eligible 
population is now fully vaccinated. At Chalet 99% of the team has got the first jab and 80% 
percent have received both jabs. The gaps only because there are a certain number of weeks 
before the second jab and another two or three weeks, we would actually have got almost 
everyone double jabbed. 
 
Major business cities have seen restrictions being eased and domestic corporates have 
restarted work from office, business travel is also on the rise. The air traffic passenger 
numbers in India were around 55% of pre-COVID levels in September with domestic 
airlines now committed to full capacity, India has seen some of the highest ever single day 
Air traffic numbers during the COVID period in the current month of October. 
 
Before I start with the overview of our business performance for the quarter gone by let me 
update you on a key development on one of our dormant projects. We have a residential 
project at Koramangala in Bengaluru which was stuck in litigation over cancellations of an 
earlier issued NOC for height by HAL. The project was under development with several 
towers at various stages of completion. We have worked out a revised development plan 
and have executed settlement terms with HAL. I am happy to share the Honorable High 
Court of Karnataka has passed the final orders and this marks the closure of the 
longstanding litigation on the project. We will recommence development shortly to unlock 
value for the asset. 
 
In addition, all 83 of the continuing flat owners are aligned with a new plan and will soon 
be submitting applications for requisite approvals for commencing the project. I would like 
to highlight here that this project is branded as a Vivarea product which is a luxury brand 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 17 
and those of you are familiar with the Mumbai Vivarea will know that it stands right at the 
top amongst residential buildings in Mumbai. In addition to that the location of 
Koramangala being the most premium in Bengaluru for residential, we do expect significant 
amount of value addition through reactivation of this project. The revised plans include 11 
residential towers and a commercial building for strata sale. Milind will take you through 
some of the key numbers on the project shortly. 
 
For the quarter ended September 2021 at the consolidated level we have clocked an 
adjusted revenue of Rs.1.16 billion against Rs.696 million in Q1 of the year which is a 
growth of 67%, adjusted EBITDA was at 253 million against 24 million in Q1 and 11x 
growth.  
 
As hospitality segment progresses on stabilizing operations we are witnessing quick ramp 
up in performances. For the division we reported 915 million of revenue against 462 million 
in Q1 higher by 98% and an EBITDA of 138 million against a loss of 99 million in Q1. 
 
Occupancies at our hotels have climbed to 56% for the quarter ending September up by 
20% points and RevPAR was at 2161 up from 1252 in Q1. October continues to follow the 
trend and the occupancy till date for the portfolio is 59% with an average room rate of 4330 
odd which is up 11% as compared to Q2. 
 
In mid-August hours for operations of F&B Maharashtra were increased till 10 pm from an 
earlier restriction up to 4 pm. The same has subsequently been revised to midnight from last 
week. This bodes well for the business given the commencement of the festive season. F&B 
revenues have seen a sharp uptick and were sequentially up by 167% for the last quarter, 
rooms in F&B respectively contribute 55% and 38% of the hospitality revenue for the 
company. 
 
We have been evaluating the performance of our non-hotel assets for best suited use. The 
Inorbit mall at Bengaluru has been underperforming for a while. The onset of the pandemic 
kept malls shut across the country for several months and impacted retailers. To optimize 
the asset we have started work on repurposing this space and will be converting the same 
for commercial office product adding another 0.3 million of square foot of commercial 
assets to our portfolio of 0.6 million square foot in Bengaluru. So, this will additionally be 
about 0.9 million of new office space at the Whitefield location. 
 
Work on conversion of retail space at Sahar has progressed well. We are in the process of 
leasing the space currently. In fact, lease and license agreements for 25% of space have 
already been executed and the tenants have started fit out works. One tenant actually 
expects to begin office on that location from late November. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
On the growth pipeline the two commercial development projects with an area of 1.4 
million square foot are progressing well and in line with the timelines shared on previous 
calls. The commercial tower in Bengaluru now has a revised area of 0.66 million as against 
0.45 million earlier because we have been able to add two more floors to the structure 
basically the cinema theater that is coming, multiplex that is coming in that tower to support 
the mall with the mall going out of action has now been converted to two additional office 
floors. 
 
The estimated cost of the Powai project; however, has gone up on account of steep increase 
in commodity prices especially steel. We continue to evaluate demand dynamics to assess 
the opening of the new hotel in Hyderabad, expansion of capacity in Pune and the 
rebranding of the Powai hotel. We are also evaluating demand metrics for Airoli to take a 
decision on the way forward for the 260 room Hyatt Regency in the Marriott space complex 
over there. The renovation work at Renaissance Mumbai is at its last leg. With this we are 
targeting the rebranding to Westin in Q4 of this year. 
 
The last year and a half have been challenging and unpredictable. We have streamlined our 
business over the past few quarters, remobilized dormant assets and repurposed 
underperforming months. In addition. Chalet has significant value yet to be unlocked from 
its existing balance sheet and I look forward to discussing the same in the near future with 
you. 
 
I now hand over to Milind, our CFO to take you through some of the financial details on the 
financial performance. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you Sanjay. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Reported revenue for the quarter 
was Rs.1376 million which includes Rs.161 million received from a commercial tenant on 
account of early termination of contract. Rs.50 million SEIS income which was written off 
in FY2021 and a rebate received from an operator of Rs. 4.6 million for past disputed 
liability. Adjusting for the same the revenue was at Rs.1161 million or Rs.116 Crores 
against adjusted revenue of Rs. 696 million in Q1 of this year a growth of 67%. 
 
Further, we accounted Rs.33.6 million for interest on cancellation of three flats at our 
residential project in Koramangala. Adjusting for this EBITDA was at Rs.253 million 
against adjusted EBITDA of Rs.24 million in Q1 of this year. PBT post charges on 
depreciation and interest for the company were negative of Rs.278 million as against 
negative of Rs.693 million in the sequential quarter of Q1. 
 
After taking credit for deferred tax assets of Rs.140 million loss after tax was at Rs.138 
million. The hospitality segment contributed to 79% of the total income of the company. On 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 17 
the cost front, we continue to maintain lower fixed and variable cost compared to our pre-
COVID performance. Fixed costs were lower by approximately 37% and variable costs 
were lower by 44% as compared to pre-COVID Q2 FY2020. The variable costs are 
expected to rationalize as operations scale up whereas our strategic initiatives on cost will 
keep the variable cost contribution lower than traditional levels. Revenue and EBITDA 
from retail and commercial segment was at Rs.377 million and Rs,326 million for the 
quarters respectively. 
 
Adjusting for compensation received from the tenant, the revenue was at Rs.206 million 
and EBITDA was at Rs.172 million. As mentioned by Sanjay we are repurposing Inorbit 
Mall at Bengaluru. The contributions from our malls were not significant during the quarter 
under review. With conversion of retail spaces into office spaces will be EBITDA and 
return accretive and stabilize earnings from rental assets. 
 
Debt for the company in the first six months has gone up by Rs.171 Crores which included 
Rs.135 Crores capex spend. The net debt of the company as of September 2021 stands at 
Rs. 2042 Crores. Our cash PBT that is EBITDA less finance cost for Q2 FY2021 has been 
Rs.42 million, which has turned positive for the first time since the pandemic hit us. This 
was led by prudent cash flow and working capital management along with other strategic 
initiatives. 
 
The average cost of rupee loan as of September 2021 stands at 7.57% an improvement of 47 
BPS since March 2021. We have cash and cash equivalent of around Rs.57 Crores as of 
September 2021 and Rs.710 Crores available lines of credit for general corporate purpose 
and planned capex.  
 
We have received a new subscription of Rs. 50 Crores from promoters on the 0% non-
convertible redeemable preferences for funding the outflows relating to residential project at 
Koramangala. The total subscription now stands at Rs. 175 Crores. 
 
As briefed by Sanjay, the project has seen a closure on litigation. With the new 
development plans the project will have 9 towers of 10 floors and 2 towers of 11 floors each 
totaling to 8.5 lakh square feet of residential area. There will be additional 1.5 lakh square 
feet of commercial space for strata sale. Out of these 2.8 lakh square feet of residential 
project is already sold and the balance sellable area is around 5.7 lakh square feet. The cost 
estimated to complete this project including commercial building will be in the range of 
Rs.425 Crores and the project is expected to be completed by FY2026. 
 
With this we now open the floor to questions. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Khanna: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, on your residential portfolio at Koramangala including 
the commercial park we mentioned about 425 Crores of required capex to finish the project. 
Can you give us some sense on the expected cash flows that you would be estimating 
internally along with the split between sold and unsold part including the commercial strata 
sale? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Certainly, I will let Milind address that but Karan as an overview from here onwards we 
largely expect the outflow to be supported by sales. We still have as Milind mentioned 
some money left over to be drawn up from the preference shares from the promoters that 
should be more than adequate to take us to the next level but Milind will come in with the 
details. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Karan we have around 5.68 lakh square feet residential area for sale and around 1.5 lakh 
square feet commercial area. Cost we already mentioned it is going to be in the range of 
Rs.425 Crores and on revenue side we do not want to give forward looking numbers but the 
expected selling price per square feet is expected to be much higher than our previous 
estimates. 
Karan Khanna: 
Are there any ballpark number that you can share? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Karan it is like this, we expect the base price to be comfortably north of Rs. 13000 square 
foot add to that floor rise, parking etc., and this is a base starting price as the project 
progresses, the price will increase, we are very confident that we see numbers northwards of 
Rs.15000. 
Karan Khanna: 
Secondly on your commercial portfolio, can you give us some sense on your negotiation 
with the tenants for the Inorbit Mall and as a follow-up you would now have a little more 
than one million square feet of commercial real estate in the Whitefield market over the 
next three quarters, what we understand is that the Whitefield market already has vacant 
office space now with significant supply hitting the market over next four to six quarters. In 
that context, can you help us with your thoughts on the same along with leasing timeline for 
all the three blocks separately that is the 1.1 million square feet of recently vacated area 0.3 
million square feet of In-Orbit conversion and 0.66 million square feet of the new 
construction along with expected revenues if you can share? 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Karan, we have got more than adequate queries and the list on our sales tracker is long. We 
obviously could not lease out the mall area until we had our tenants vacated and the 
Accenture Learning Center just recently got vacated so we could not mobilize those two but 
on the new office which is expected to be commissioned end of Q4 this year, there is 
significant interest. We have also got potential tenants now doing site visits for the current 
Inorbit Mall which is as we speak being dismantled to reconfigure it to an office space. The 
Accenture Learning Center is the way it is, we still have retained the 67 rooms that were 
there and we have added that to the hotel inventory in Whitefield Bengaluru. We do not 
have any concrete numbers to share with you before we actually close the deals, so that will 
be a little premature; however, keep in mind that whilst they may be vacant space within 
Whitefield, the quality of assets makes a lot of difference, the provision of the hotel 
connected to these office space and the metro station literally you get off the metro station 
and you are on the property is both a clear advantage for this particular complex and we 
expect to get to see a traction on it. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure, and lastly on your hospitality portfolio you have mentioned in your investor 
presentation that currently occupancy is around 59%, is it possible to get some sense on the 
city-wise occupancy and ARR trends in the month of October that would be my last 
question? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I can give you a flavor of it. So, the Marriott executive apartment I am starting off with 
Powai, is at 71% occupancy in October but this is we do not really share this publicly. Let 
me give to give you an overview that ones that are of concern one of only one of that is of 
concern that is the Whitefield Bengaluru Marriott which has lower occupancies than the rest 
of the portfolio and has dragged the average down but you must remember the 67 rooms 
just got vacated over there, which were giving 100% occupancy for the period so you might 
see a sharp drop there but that is going to be filled up very soon. In the recent weeks we 
have seen business travel come back there and the occupancies are climbing up so when we 
report occupancy of Whitefield Marriott we are reporting on the full inventory of 324 plus 
67 rooms which is 391 rooms and therefore the occupancy may look a little muted. But 
occupancy goes up 6.5% on the original inventory of 324 rooms. So that is the only hotel 
that we are concerned with because Whitefield has taken slightly longer than the rest of the 
country to pick up on account of the nature of business in that area. But as international 
travel and the IT companies start traveling and even domestic companies start travelling we 
see that picking up. We are not really so concerned about that hotel and it is a brilliant hotel, 
it has always been the best performing hotel in that market not just in Whitefield and has 
performed amongst the best in the whole city and we do know that when things comeback 
they will come back with a bang for that time. I mean our outperformers are clearly the JW 
Marriott, Sahar, Pune Hotel, Four Points by Sheraton and Marriott Executive Apartments. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Karan Khanna: 
Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on decent results and strong execution. My first 
question is our exposure is largely corporate so we are currently at a little disadvantage to 
peers with strong leisure presence but do we think with the trend of mostly all corporates 
now are looking to call people back to office. Even the tech companies which were 
claiming work from home and zoom meetings is a new normal almost planning to call more 
than 90% of their staff back next year. So any early indication we are getting if there is no 
third wave do we think maybe in FY2023, we will see a very strong pickup in leisure 
especially on the pricing side? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you Vikas for the question. I hope you are doing well. Yes, we do expect that things 
will come back and ramp up on business travel pretty soon and with that return of business 
travel and add to that the new revenue streams that we have developed over the last 18 
months, we do expect FY2023 to look a lot stronger. Our previous estimate was that we 
should be back to close to normal numbers from October of next year. I think we will retain 
that outlook and FY2024 as a whole year is likely to be a good year and we should be back 
to pre-COVID numbers. I must also add here that we have been looking at some lead 
indicators of what is happening in the market. Two lead indicators that we are looking at: 
one is the growth air passenger travel and we see now a significant percentage of the flights 
in key sectors of Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Chennai are now business 
travelers. Pune airport is closed for a bit but will open day after tomorrow. A clear indicator 
is that people have started traveling for work so that is one strong indication. The second 
indicator that we looked at is the hiring patterns of companies and the hiring patterns have 
been very, very strong. Just to give you an indication, one metric that we look at is what is a 
leasing trend for these increased hires within these companies and I was speaking to our 
leasing head within the group companies and he said for every five people that they are 
hiring, they are adding on four extra seats within the office spaces and this has not changed. 
This was the number that we had even pre-COVID so potential tenants, potential businesses 
who were our key accounts for our hotels all seem to be hiring well and they seem to be 
providing for four office spaces for every five hirers that they do, all good positive 
indicators. In addition to that the special corporate which is your contracted corporate travel 
accounts in our segmentation we see that 30% month on month increase between 
September and October, which again is a good strong trend and in addition to that we have 
got staycationss which are improving by 5% with higher ADR. What we have been able to 
do is with occupancies improving, for the rest of the retail segment which is our visible 
rates as we BAR rates or Best Available Rates have gone up. So, if today you were to scan 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 17 
for some of our hotels which have high occupancy, the visible rate in those markets are 
almost about 60% higher than they were about a month and a half back. And finally, the 
RFP cycle for the next year has started and we were at a meeting with Marriott and Accor 
yesterday and they confirmed that there is no discounting happening on the global corporate 
accounts as far as the room rates are concerned and the most of the accounts are likely to be 
closed at 2019 rates. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
This is very helpful Sir and also for hotels do we have any plans of currently we have no 
plans of moving to leisure and all but in from medium to long-term perspective. Do you 
think that we can actually also move into leisure or do you think the parent being a 
commercial builder so some of the synergies are better only with city hotels? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
No, I do not think the second part is true. Chalet will look at its own portfolio and reassess 
its strategies according to what the requirements of the day are. Leisure has been a growth 
area as a strategy for the last three to four years now for us. We have stated that in almost 
every call that we have had that we do want to get into the leisure space we have not found 
suitable assets that work for us. We do not want to take development risk for now. We 
would rather acquire an asset if it is available so that is one. Second, it is a very interesting 
phenomenon that has happened over the last 18 months. Whilst we say that we are not in 
the leisure destinations, we have created leisure products within the cities. A large part of 
the business is actually coming out of people who are taking staycations, basically the 
purpose of this staycation is leisure. So what we have done is we have created what are 
known as urban resorts within the cities within the existing hotel profile and created a new 
segment for them. Powai is a clear example of the location and taking the location 
advantage of the lakefront to grow their staycation. We had strong staycations even in Pune 
and Four Points by Sheraton in Vashi. JW has had strong staycations and I think as I 
mentioned in my opening statement the conversion of the Renaissance into Westin 
sometime maybe January of the next year will reposition it as a product also because Westin 
is all about wellness as a brand so we see a significant move on the guest profile over there. 
I hope that is addresses your question? 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Yes Sir I have also follow-up for Milind. Milind last quarter you talked about our capex and 
the debt target so capex you said it would be around 850 Crores in next two-and-a-half 
years and that debt would be peaking at 2500 Crores so any changes with that because I 
know there has been some delays and also I have a follow-up one clarification of the 
preference loan by promoter so just correct me if I am wrong that the total debt that we 
report that does not include the promoters preference loan and once you start getting cash 
flows from the real estate project, how that money will go back to the promoter is it like 
going to be in the initial phase or that is the last thing? 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Milind Wadekar: 
Let me take your questions one by one on capex Rs.850 Crores I mean we have spent 
around Rs.135 Crore in the last quarter so to that extent it will come down. Our peak debt 
estimate remains at same 25-50 may go up little on account of this increase in cost of 
project but that is not really significant. On the preference it will be redeemed out of surplus 
cash generated from this project so it is not initial outflow whenever we have surplus after 
meeting all project related expenses it will be ready. Hope I have answered all your 
questions? 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Thanks a lot. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar from Nippon 
India. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Sir when I look at other expenses as a line item is there anyone-off or this is a sustainable 
runrate. I would have thought that the incremental flow through of revenue into EBITDA 
that should have been better given our cost cuts so just wanted to understand that is there 
any one-off over here or these are the normal expenses? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
These are normal expenses except I think one expense that will be one off is your payment 
to the exits that we had at Koramangala, and we also wrote back the SLM revenue that we 
had from Accenture which could be an overall impact but you have got to keep in mind that 
now the salaries are getting normalized and as business and occupancies improve, we are 
hiring. If you recall from my earlier conversations they had come down to 0.72 employees 
at the last quarter we are now up to 0.76 so there has been hiring to take care of the extra 
guests that we have in the hotel. So those are costs that are going to continue to go up. One 
of the commitments that we have is that we have capped our manning numbers at a 
portfolio level to 0.9 employees to a room when we have full business back. So I think we 
will still be far more efficient than we were pre-pandemic on those numbers besides that 
there is no really exceptional expenses over here or maybe unless Milind wants to add 
something. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Our hospitality revenue has gone up from Rs.67 to Rs.128 Crores more than double and 
more or less on the same lines our other expenses have gone up. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Sir the way I was looking at it was sequentially if I see your revenue growth in the 
hospitality segment and when I see the EBITDA delta the flow through is around 55%, I 
would have thought this would have been slightly higher within the amount, the way it costs 
have been contained so that was just a limited point which I was trying to understand? 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Sanjay Sethi: 
One thing I did not touch upon earlier that the exit of Accenture which was revenue that 
was coming to us without any cost and the flow through was almost 100% there. This has 
not coming form I think after first week of August rather and therefore it could be some 
difference a marginal gap on account of it; however, if you really look at our EBITDA line, 
EBITDA line has climbed up fairly sharply in the hospitality performance from a negative 
EBITDA of 99 million to a positive EBITDA of 138 million so the gap is 237 million 
against a revenue increase of 400 odd million. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it. Second question was I think just elaborating or building upon current question by 
when do you expect the two properties of the Inorbit Mall as well as the new commercial 
property which is coming up, in your best estimate is one year something which you would 
look for to fill up these properties or this could take some while. I am just trying to 
understand the time period required to fill these properties not asking for any number sure 
just broad sense as to why when can we fill up these properties? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Look Milind will give you a little more flavor on this but let me give you an overview the 
Accenture exit has been actually advantageous to us because their lease was signed up 
about five years back at lower rentals and they had a lock-in period so they actually paid us 
right up to 2024 for the rooms so we have got literally three years of revenue in advance. 
Similarly, there notice period on the office assets and a couple of other operating services 
that we are providing they have honored that and given us the funds upfront. We expect to 
end up somewhere between one-and-a-half to two years accretive in the sense that we have 
got the range till 2024 we will probably lease it out one-and-a-half to two years before that 
ends so we will actually get double dipping on that asset as far as rent is concerned for at 
least one-and-a-half years. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Prateek to answer your questions the completion timelines for these buildings are different. 
I mean our commercial block will get ready maybe by end of next quarter or and it will be 
offered to tenants for fit outs whereas this conversion of mall may take nine months for 
construction period post approval so maybe one year from today. So, by the time our mall is 
ready major portion of our new office building will be leased out and there are serious 
enquiries leads for existing Accenture Learning Center but to answer your question I mean 
the entire leasing may not happen in one financial year it may spread over maybe two 
financial years. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I see an 18 month for 100% leasing period from now. In fact, I just like to update you that 
we have received the MOEF approval for conversion of the mall so that is one big time 
consuming approval has already come in. So that time lag that we are speaking about could 
shorten further and as we speak the dismantling of the mall is already happening with the 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 17 
MOEF approval so where what Milind is trying to say is in the next 18 months we are likely 
to have complete leasing of 0.9 million square feet. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Just last question when I see and it is over a time, when I see today ADRs the visible ADRs 
we see about pre-COVID in MMR is that a fair understanding? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Not the ADRs but the best available rates may look very high but they fluctuate depending 
on occupancy, day of the week and demand in that particular location or city that keeps 
going up and down because that is changed on a daily basis by the revenue manages over 
there. Sahar is now at about Rs.10000 on the best available rates or the public rates that is 
also driven by the fact that Sahar has a very large block of 400 rooms occupied for a period 
of three months by Disney Hotstar which is first cover the IPL and then subsequently the 
World Cup they will continue to occupy that until mid-November so that has left us only 
188 rooms and what we have done is we have optimized those 188 rooms to make sure that 
we get higher rates for them. November and in fact September and October we have seen 
occupancies at 90% so that hotel is clearly outperforming the market and the market share 
of the hotel is very strong. So, the rates will fluctuate depending on demand. Bengaluru will 
be the lowest if you go to the website for OTAs, followed by maybe Hyderabad. 
Renaissance continues to be strong Four Points is actually now giving rates which are back 
to almost close to 2019 rates because the occupancies are in the mid to high 70s there, last 
few days it clocked close to 85%-90% occupancies in that hotel and a large part of that 
business that is coming in there is not business travel. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it and just to from a industry perspective, do you expect this momentum to further 
accelerate in Q4 of this year. Because business will further open up there will be more 
travels as you indicated. This will build on right so from here on also we should think about 
industry Q4 being much better than Q3 especially on the corporate side right? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Prateek we see month on month improvement in corporate travel. I mentioned earlier we 
have seen 28% to 30% increase month on month between September and October and 
corporate travel itself and that is a rapid pace of improvement and October still has its own 
challenges of Dussehrra and all that in between in spite of that we said we may see a slight 
drop in the Diwali week which is the next week but after that the ramp up again is going to 
be extremely sharp. In fact our view is that the early pickup that happened about three to 
four months back on domestic corporate travel was going up very sharply but we see the 
next big step up happening post Diwali and the second big step up happening post the first 
week of January when the post Christmas Diwali and New Year's traffic comes back I must 
highlight over here that the wedding season looks very bullish for our hotels of Powai and J 
W Sahar. We are seeing a very solid improvement on bookings and confirmations for 
weddings in our hotel. There still is restriction in Mumbai but we are working with those 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 17 
restrictions and we will be able to deliver good numbers on the wedding. For example the 
restrictions in Mumbai have now been changed from one of the 50 people to now 50% of 
the whole capacity and because they are large all connected with large lawns and multiple 
walls together our ability to take large weddings is very high. The Novotel for example did 
a massive promotion on Vivah which is a wedding promotion for the Accor Group and they 
have traditionally got 70 lakhs of wedding revenues, Shaadi by Marriott again which was 
the initiative that was started I think about two or three years back has kicked up very well. 
They have a dedicated website for that and that is generating huge amount of leads. They 
did share numbers with us but I do not want to share them right now but the numbers of 
leads that they are getting up are phenomenal, both Accor and Marriott. We extremely 
excited about the wedding business and now with that starting in the next week or so we see 
this going right up to early April we should see a strong production out of that segment. 
Prateek Poddar: 
If I may ask that is Renaissance also back to 2019 levels in terms of ADRs we talked about 
Four Point? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Renaissance has a very large inventory of 773 rooms between the hotel and the executive 
apartment so right now we are focusing on the occupancy part of it not worrying too much 
about the rates right now but as a market overall we have seen rates go up within the micro 
market around the airport and that will lift Renaissance greatly and the next step of 
Renaissance is actually going to be the rebranding in January when it moves to Westin. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Last question Sir just from an industry perspective are you seeing a material difference 
between let us say one star or a two-star hotel versus five-star hotels in terms of pricing and 
occupancy as in people are not preferring to go to one and two stars but because of 
whatever the scare, people are more willing to pay a slightly higher premium and go 
towards five star hence you are occupying a better occupancy or let us say the five star 
hotels are getting a better ADRs versus what two and three star would be getting or that is 
not the case it is the same across the board? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I have really not seen the one and two star numbers Prateek. My general view is that there is 
a market for every price point and there is a demand for every price point so once that 
profiles of the guests may change category to category but even if they go down the value 
there will be a demand for Rs.1000 rooms also always so that is always there yet as far as 
corporate travel is concerned given the risk associated on the health front, the corporates are 
more comfortable going with the top end of the hotels because they do not want to put their 
employees at risk because that then puts them at risk from their employees but if anything 
goes wrong so the trust on in brands is where they are placing the majority of the guests and 
the global standards that are followed at hotels of our category are clearly the preferred 
hotels for a lot of the corporate houses and their administrative teams to look at. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Milind Wadekar: 
Prateek, to answer your question on other expenses, interest expenses royalty and 
management fees which we pay to our operators has gone up like the increase in business. 
Commission which we paid to OTAs and other commission has gone up so these are two 
major heads, repairs and maintenance cost has gone up a little. These are two three heads 
for increasing and these are purely operational expenses. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Can I just squeeze one last question on Koramangala given the way real estate sector is 
behaving and premiumness of that location from a presale perspective and given that it is a 
Vivarea brand do you expect that the presales would be very strong and may be the project 
gets sold out in a very short span of time I do not want any numbers or even directionally 
FY2026 is a date of completion but would the presales be so strong that you would have 
sold the project much, much before that? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Two elements have come into play on Koramangala one is that the building 9 out of 11 
buildings are substantially built and the demand for residential is the highest that we have 
seen in many years across the country. Koramangala Bengaluru is amongst those districts 
that have seen high demand on the residential side so yes we see pace of bookings once we 
open up to be high. The second element is the first few buildings are substantially 
completed, the payment which is typically linked to construction will be in literally at the 
80%-85% of the total value coming in upfront. It is only the two new towers where we link 
to construction activity where it may come in with its own structure but we do expect once 
we open sales that the bookings will need higher upfront payments. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Prateek further to add to what Sanjay said I mean originally we had sold around 202 
apartments. We have seen cancellation of 119 in last so many years with the resolution to 
this litigation I mean few of our customers who have cancelled at the flats and exited so 
they may come back. 
Prateek Poddar: 
I will come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Amandeep Singh from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir firstly on the capex part can you give us breakup of pending 
capex between the hospitality and the commercial segment along with timelines especially 
for the Powai and Airoli hotel if possible? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I will give you the timelines, but Milind come into the numbers on the capex. On Airoli as 
we said we are evaluating the demand dynamics from the time we decide to start we see 
roughly a 30 month time to open the hotel. There was one issue that was stuck in Mumbai 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 17 
and was holding back a lot of the large projects was the Flamingo issue in the area that was 
a protected area around it of 10 kilometers that has been reduced to 4 kilometers so all our 
projects are now clear from that restriction and we had already taken approvals for the hotel 
as it was about two years back. We need to revalidate some of those approvals. So I do not 
think approval is going to be a challenge. The only thing in play over there is where are we 
on the demand. So we need to right time the asset and we will right time it with the demand 
pickup. My general input right now is my gut feel that I think we are good to go in the near 
future. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Total capex plan for next one and half year is around Rs.770 Crores out of that Rs.200 
Crores is for hotels and balance is for commercial office buildings. Again out of this 200 for 
hotel, 150 will spend in next financial year that is for completion of Hyderabad hotel, 
addition of 88 rooms in Pune and part of Renaissance rebranding to Westin. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Thank you and what would be the expected capex for the including the Airoli and the Powai 
project, upcoming hotel? 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, Powai upcoming hotel is now a question mark. We have to take a call on this. We have 
not taken a call. Now there are two options here. Powai given that we have 773 rooms today 
do we want to add another 150 rooms in the environment that we have just seen. It is 
something we need to we need to reevaluate and if we were to reevaluate and decide not to 
go ahead with that project that opens up a massive land parcel to us for alternate asset 
classes to be put there so that is something that we are going to study, evaluate and we will 
come back to you at the right time. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Sir secondly as a follow-up to the previous participant so you mentioned that nine towers 
are already constructed but you are given a timeline of say more four years to construct the 
remaining two towers so is this a conservative guidance or do not think it will take four 
years to construct the remaining two towers along with the commercial part of it? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Amandeep, four years for completing entire sales I mean the construction time is around 
two years, once we get all the approvals. We are a bit conservative on sales velocity so from 
that perspective we are taking it at up to FY2026. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
We do not want to come back to you, sorry face at any spoint of time. We are giving you 
numbers that are conservative so we can outperform these numbers both on rate per square 
foot and on timelines by nature the company and the group does not give our aggressive 
numbers so this is what we are doing. As Milind said two years into the two-and-a-half 
years of the construction time, but closing all sales 100% of these say the apartment sold so 
that is when you record for revenue is a four year period this includes from now to May 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 17 
which is the time required to dismantle the work that was done above 10 floors and to get 
the final approvals so the sales will only start from June next year and you must sort of take 
note of that please. 
Amandeep Singh: 
This is really helpful and follow-up question in respect to that only that on the accounting 
aspect that should be in line with Ind-AS 115 that means it would hit the P&L only after the 
project completion? 
Sanjay Seth: 
That is right Amandeep and we will follow Ind-AS 115 and will account it on completion of 
projects. So, if you would ask the same question to our project team their answer would 
have been two-and-a-half years because you asked it to our CFO, he gives the answers 2026 
because he was looking at probably the way he accounts. 
Amandeep Singh: 
That is all from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Agarwal from Nirmal Bang. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity Sir. I have two questions one is on this cash flow you 
talked about the cash flow PBT of about 4.8  crores, is it including the one-offs like a 16 
Crores you have got and I think 5 for SIES and another 4 million rom Marriott or it is 
stripping out these one-offs, can you talk on that and my second question is more on 
strategy you are getting out of retail so is that a strategic move to focus completely on 
hotel and office sector going ahead and no more retail and moving ahead will there be 
any other vertical or you will just stick to office and hotel sector? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
The strategy is clearly, some hotel companies would spread their risk by getting into 
business hotels long-stay products, leisure destinations or holiday homes and that sort of 
stuff, we have done asset classes as our strategy for hedging the risk and I think that has 
worked out well during the pandemic for us. You are right with this exit on InOrbit in 
Bengaluru and the Orb in Mumbai we will exit retail almost completely. The hotel assets 
and all the offices will have small format retail of course that is normal offering of those 
products. So, we will largely end up with hospitality and office assets classes that will be 
operating in. There is one residential project but that is one that we will conclude and 
since it is an exit through sale that will not remain with us for too long however 
hospitality will continue to contribute the largest part of the revenue. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Amit to answer your question on cash PBT of 48 million, it is including one-off income 
but it is one-off income is supported with our cash which we have received. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Amit Agarwal: 
Operationally these are one-off time so operationally this time you probably would have 
been negative if they were removed am I correct on that? 
Milind Wadekar: 
No but operationally our EBITDA is I mean netting of this adjustment has gone up to 
from 2.4 crores to 25 crores for the quarter and sequentially. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
You are right it was a certain extent that we would still have been negative on cash to 
service our interest commitments that were there but we look forward and we believe that 
the next two quarters the operating numbers will be adequate to cover these costs. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Your capex plans I mean given the fact one thing which I notice was that your interest 
expense is about 40% of your topline correct me if I am wrong going ahead while things 
are definitely improving very, very strongly but that risk with the third wave and fourth 
wave remains so are you going to still stick to your capex plans of 750 Crores I think that 
is what you said or 770 Crores out of which you spend something in the next two years or 
if there is a possibility could be spread out a little more depending on how the things pan 
out? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Amit our major capex is for commercial building. Our cost of capital today is 7.5 and 
incremental returns and returns on incremental capex will be in high teens or maybe in 
the range of 20% so we will continue incurring this capex complete these buildings it will 
start earning revenue and EBITDA for us. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question for today. I would now like to have a 
conference over to Mr. Sanjay Sethi for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you so much. Thank you everyone for joining us for the call. Please stay well and 
we are hoping along with you that there is no third wave and even if it is there, we are 
pretty confident that we will be as a country able to handle it a lot better than the second 
one. We believe business is back and we are very confident for the years ahead. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Chalet Hotels Limited that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
----xxx---- 
