-s
t*J
IRGTG
EiR?rq flaA dffiq w ERw prufqlvrT fufre
("rrso ssFT{ El -sqq-ffi <q)
INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING AND TOURISM CORPORATION LTD.
(A Govt. of lndia Enterprise-Mini Ratna)
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
I (fnrough NEAPS)
1't Ftoor, New Trade Wing, Rotunda
"Exchange Plaza" , C-1 , BIock-G,
Build ng Phircze Jeejeebhoy Towers, I Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Dala Street Fort, Mumbai - 400 001
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Symbol: IRCTC
Scrip Code: 542830
"C|N-L74899DL1999GO1101707". E-mail : info@irctc.com, Website: www.irctc.cotn
No . 201 9/l RCTC/CS/STEX/356
November 08, 2021
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Q2FY22 Earning Gall
held on Monday, November 01,2021
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015,
Sir/Ma'am,
ln reference to our communication dated October 29, 2021, regarding investors/analyst
conference call, please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Result Conference call held
on Monday, November 01, 2021 to discuss the financial results and operations for the
quarter ended on September 30, 2021.
You are requested to kindly take the same on records.
Thanking you.
Yours sincerely,
jtrgd ld etdti 6rqfdq: rr Ei n-d, W{ Ersn, fl-rag, qrirtg,Eqr TIf, Ti.frsliooor-STry:.011:2!!li::3j1_tf: Ir???1131e-
mbanord,NewDelhi.t{oo0l,Tel.0ll.233ll233{Fer:0ll.233lt259
For Indian Railway Cal
\.^Yt\r\u
(surnrtr Katra)
Company Secretary anc
Membership No: F9199
Encl: as above
ering and Tourir
I
w
Compliance Offi
sm Gorporation Limited
icer

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Indian Railway Catering & Tourism Corporation 
Limited Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. RAJNI HASIJA – CMD, IRCTC 
MR. AJIT KUMAR – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & CFO, 
IRCTC 
MODERATORS: MR. DEVANG BHATT – IDBI CAPITAL 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies & gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal the operator by pressing “*”then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devang Bhatt from IDBI 
Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Thanks, Lizann. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of IDBI Capital, I welcome you to the Q2 
FY22 earnings call of Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation or IRCTC. On behalf 
of IDBI Capital, I thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. We 
have with us the management represented by Ms. Rajni Hasija - CMD and Mr. Ajit Kumar - 
Director (Finance) and CFO. I would now like to hand over the call to the management for 
opening remarks and later we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you Rajni 
Ma‟am. 
Rajni Hasija: 
A very good evening to everyone. I welcome you all to this con call of IRCTC Limited for the 
quarter that is ended on 30thSeptember 2021. I hope that you and your dear ones are safe. I also 
wish a very Happy Diwali and a healthy and a prosper year for everyone. 
Now we start discussing about the results of the Q2 for the Financial Year 2022. The quarter 
has really seen some moderation and infections and continuous momentum in the vaccination, 
which has been positive in the travel and hospitality industry, which has started reviving now. 
Further this places industry in a very good position going into the festive season though the 
risk of the third wave is still not completely behind. Earlier today, IRCTC has announced its 
financial results for the quarter and a half year ended on September 2021. The same has been 
disclosed on both the exchanges too. 
I shall first give a brief overview of this quarter results, post which we shall be taking up the 
questions and answering them well on behalf of management. 
In this quarter, that is Quarter 2, for the Financial Year „22 IRCTC yet again demonstrated its 
resilient business model and has been able to significantly improve its operational 
performances. While normalization in the catering and the packaged drinking water in the 
tourism is still going to take some more time, internet ticketing has not been able to surpass its 
performance in the pre-COVID period, but in fact, in this quarter, that is Quarter 2 of the 
Financial Year „22 has been the best ever quarter for this segment. I congratulate all 
participants in this. 
On a consolidated basis, Quarter 2Financial Year „22 revenue came at around Rs. 404.9 crores, 
seeing a strong growth from Quarter 1where the revenue was only Rs. 243.4 crores. So, there 
is a significant improvement quarter to quarter, given that Quarter 2 of the Financial Year „21 
had the impact of the pandemic. EBITDA on absolute basis was at Rs. 211.5 crores in Q2 of 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
fiscal „22, which is much higher than Rs. 111.5 crores in the previous quarter and against the 
loss of Rs. 5.6 crores in the Q2 of the previous year, if we exclude the other income. Similarly, 
EPS of Rs. 9.9 grew from Rs. 5.2, that is earnings per share from on quarter to quarter and 
against a minor loss in year over year. Importantly, both EBITDA and earnings per share in 
this quarter, that is in the Q2 of FY22 has been higher that in the Q4 of fiscal year „20 level as 
well. With the resilience of performance in this quarter, gradual opening up of the economy 
and the festive season, vaccination happening, I believe that IRCTC is placed very well to 
continue to demonstrate improvement in its other operational areas and the performance is 
going to be better. 
I shall now hand over the call to my colleague and our CFO Shri Ajit Kumar to brief you on 
the financial and segmental performance of the company. Thank you very much. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Good evening, everybody and festive greetings to you and your dear ones. I shall first give a 
brief overview about Q1 FY22 results, post which we shall have the question-and-answer 
session. 
Q2 FY22 revenues saw a sharp improvement both on quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year 
basis. Revenue of Rs. 404 crores grew by 66.4% quarter-on-quarter and by 3.6 times year-on-
year given that Q2 FY21 had the impact of the pandemic. Given that internet ticketing 
continued the drive the growth, as you know, it has the highest margins amongst the various 
segments. The EBITDA margin continued to make a new high and crossed the 50% mark and 
was at 52.2% versus 45.8% quarter-on-quarter and compared to a minor loss in Q2 FY21 if 
you exclude the other income. 
Let us now move to the business segments of the company: 
The first one the Internet ticketing. This segment continued to be the most resilient business 
segment. Q2 FY22 revenue Internet ticketing was at an all-time high at Rs. 265.3 crores 
growing by 77% quarter-on-quarter and significantly higher than Rs. 58.3 crores in Q2 FY21. 
The growth was driven by both, the growth in ticketing volume and in non-service charge 
revenue. EBITDA margin moved back from 80% and was at 83.1% versus 77.9% quarter-on-
quarter and 58% year-on-year basis. The catering segment has maintained the declining trend 
in EBITDA loss. For Q2 FY22 the segment reported a very minor loss of just Rs. 15 lakhs 
versus Rs. 4.7 crores in Q1 FY22 and loss of Rs. 33 crores in Q2 FY21. Rail Neer has also 
maintained the momentum in improvement revenue and EBITDA. The Q2 FY22 revenue for 
this segment grew by 41% quarter-on-quarter to Rs. 41.2 crores and against Rs. 9.2 crores in 
Q2 FY21. EBIT margin improved to 6.8% for Q2 FY22 versus 6.2% quarter-on-quarter and a 
loss in Q2 FY21. Tourism segment which has been the most hit by the pandemic for us as well 
as the entire industry, this has continued to see muted revenue and this loss is at EBIT level. 
The cash and bank balance and net worth of the company as at the end of Q2 FY22 is Rs. 
1,945 crores and Rs. 1,604 crores respectively. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
That brings us to the end of my opening remarks. Now we can move to the question-and-
answer session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, 
please go ahead.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Madam, I just have one hypothetical question. If we assume that the decision to share this 
convenience fee had not been withdrawn, what recourse would we have taken? I want to 
understand, do we have the autonomy to take a price hike or charge on a per passenger basis? 
So just wanted your thoughts on that. 
Rajni Hasija: 
It is good in the interest of IRCTC that the decision of sharing of the revenue of convenience 
fee has been withdrawn. But had that not been withdrawn, what we would have done. As we 
have been mentioning in various con calls that IRCTC has been given the liberty to decide its 
convenience fee, the amount that can be charged. That amount in various conferences, investor 
meets also, investors have been suggesting why not charge per passenger. At that time 
management has been answering let‟s not be that the greedy. Secondly, we have also been 
given some dispensation to the UPI where almost 30% transactions are getting, we are getting 
less of the convenience fee. So, had the decision not been withdrawn, certainly we would have 
worked on those lines. And for that we needed to have a full board and a lot many decisions to 
be taken which would have taken some time at least. So, that forum was open for us for which 
we had already started working. The management had already started working on those lines. 
So that alternative was available with us. But at the same time, you never know how this is 
going to take a view, because ultimately this was to be decided by BOD, Board of Directors. 
So, various schools of thoughts are there. So, this was the option available for IRCTC. We 
were left with that option, either to increase the licensee fee. Actually, withdrawing benefits to 
UPI we cannot dream of because it is our own indigenous product and we work in Atma 
Nirbhar Bharat or we would have fought, intensify the other resources which we are already 
doing, that you know that our dependency on the convenience fee resources is gradually 
improving. And our revenue from the non-convenience fee is also increasing. So, our focus is 
already there on that. So, such decisions don't impact destiny of the company. I think I have 
been able to answer your question. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes, madam. Just one last bit from my side, there have been some media reports which state 
that this mandatory reservation facility in the general compartments which was implemented 
during COVID may not sustain completely and some roll back may happen. For instance, in 23 
special trains this reservation norm is not applicable. So, do you expect a full rollback 
sometime around in the near future? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I cannot comment upon that but that this is inventory of Ministry of Railways. But if they are 
converted the general inventory into the second desk, they are also gaining out of that. So, I 
cannot comment upon the decision to be taken by Ministry of Railways. In the COVID time 
they have done that, but after COVID when everything normalizes, whether they are going to 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
retain this or not we don't know. We cannot comment at this juncture. However, I can tell you 
that around 40% of our reservation is coming, the excess reservation is coming. Normally we 
used to book around 8.5-10 lakh tickets in a day. As of now, our average ticket is around 12.5 
lakhs. That is an add-on inventory that we have got because of this booking. So, that add-on 
may not be there in case the Ministry would like to withdraw that. But the initial for which we 
have projected which was projected in our DFRP document also that 8.5lakh tickets are going 
to be booked. There is some increment after we had released that and from 71% of railway 
booking now, we have reached around 81% of booking. And the improvement is still there, 
and people are diverting from offline to online and more and more digital transactions are 
happening in the country, is also a hard fact which we should not forget before making any 
decision. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Gosar from Invesco Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Gosar: 
The question is also again on the similar lines on which the earlier participant asked. Can you 
help us understand what was Indian Railway or Government of India thinking while they were 
evaluating this proposal of 50% sharing of convenience fee? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I may not be the right person to answer this question. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Is this deferment of proposal to ask for 50% of convenience fee deferred on permanent basis or 
how should we see this? 
Rajni Hasija: 
The letter received by us looks can be read like that, than withdrawn. 
Nitin Gosar: 
And on this second class which is now become a part of the reserve category inventory, how 
should we see this going forward? This will stay or the normalization will come into picture, 
and we will start losing on that 4-lakh inventory that has got created additional? 
Rajni Hasija: 
It is very difficult for me to handle this because this inventory belongs to Ministry of Railways 
where the general category has been converted into the reserved category. The people are 
opting for it, people have not denied it. And there is a comfort zone also involved in that. 
Earlier they were going with lot of uncertainty. By converting this a certainty amongst the 
people has also been created. There are going to be few takers who would like to continue in 
that. There may be a few takers who would like to have a general inventory. Perhaps at this 
juncture this question cannot be answered by IRCTC, this is our excess rain that we could 
capture, and we could provide the environment and could make some good losses covered up 
by facilitating those customers and providing them the inventory, maintaining the balance 
reserve, etc., so that is booking doesn't go waste and we are able to tap in the form of a 
convenience fee to this. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Just a clarification. Today we have an inventory available of 12.5 lakh per day. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have been able to book 12.5 lakh tickets per day. The normal inventory in the reserve 
segment 8.5 lakh tickets in a day. And every size in one ticket is around 1.7 these days. Earlier 
it used to be 1.9, but after COVID it is 1.7. 
Nitin Gosar: 
For the quarter what would have been the ticket booking, PNR booking for the quarter? 
Rajni Hasija: 
In Q2 the total ticket booked was around 11 crores, 11 crores 22 lakhs nearly. Average will be 
around 3.7 crores and passenger travelled is in the ratio of 1.7. 
Nitin Gosar: 
And one last bit on UPI you mentioned that we are right now are not asking for any kind of 
additional charge. 
Rajni Hasija: 
I did not say this. I said for UPI instead of Rs. 15 we charge Rs. 10 in sleeper class and in AC 
segment instead Rs. 30 we charge Rs. 20 in the case of AC class. So that is to promote Atma 
Nirbhar Bharat and promote digital payments in India, because we are big gainer out of the 
digitization. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
I have a question that we have seen this massive swing in our stock prices which I would 
blame to the investor community, but part of the issue on account of the input coming from 
Railway, Government of India on various elements such as convenience fee sharing and maybe 
merger with CRIS and RailTel, those kinds of events. While I can understand your limitation, 
but what I essentially want to convey, or request is that there has to be a faster and frequent 
communication or clarifications to avoid a scope for such speculation because essentially the 
business has lot of dependency on Railway. And what can give us comfort that if such events 
happen, how we would be able to safeguard interest of the minority shareholders? 
Rajni Hasija: 
The confidence which I can give, IRCTC can provide through its operating performances. But 
since most of our businesses are Railway dependent so Railway as a policy maker decides 
something and IRCTC as a follower, as an extended arm of Railways implements that. 
Normally we discuss with each other and rather this discussion is happening very frequently on 
daily basis on all the subjects. So, these are not that issues are not discussed with each other, 
but there have been few gaps in the past. But I cannot say that people don't discuss, and such 
kind of decisions are taken. Your discussion point has been noted and we will also try to 
communicate to our Ministry that investor is worried about that, and investor would like to 
have more confidence. If this kind of a dialogue happens again and again, we will certainly 
communicate to Ministry of Railways which we have done also. 
Rahul Jain: 
What happens to some of the segments where we are getting immensely benefited because of 
part of the Railway ecosystem, but there is no revenue arrangement. I can understand in the 
ticketing they have showed their interest but of course it has been withdrawn. And in catering 
business, we are already doing it, in tourism we pay whatever holiday charge and everything 
which is required. But in rail mail business again there is no sharing as such. So, what happens 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
in case something of that sort is considered in that kind of a business at a later point of time. 
And also, as you rightly said what you could have done in such an event in terms of pricing 
increase or UPI discount abolishing. But does that also somewhere imply that if we do a 
pricing hike in future, it may happen that it may come along with sharing with the railway so 
eventually the benefit to the minority would not be any different? 
Rajni Hasija: 
One is, securing the interest of minority. Second is handling the expenses of IRCTC. The 
representation which IRCTC made to Ministry of Railways was on the basis of, one of course 
was the investor interest and secondly the expenditure that IRCTC would like to do in 
upgradation of the site. Because there are many things which we require to maintain this 
website and the infrastructure requirement is huge. If Railway has given us this work, so 
Railway has also saved, if 80% inventory is being booked through IRCTC for booking one 
ticket, Railway might be spending, this was a very old calculation I have more than Rs. 
60Railway was spending for booking one ticket. If the same work has been given to IRCTC so 
you can calculate the amount of saving which Railway has done. It is the digitization that has 
really helped, and the infrastructure placed by IRCTC and the experience of IRCTC in the last 
20 years that has helped in maintaining this infrastructure in a very conservative manner. 
Suppose we increase the price and there can be a sharing with the Railways, I don't think this 
can be discussed at this juncture. There has to be a lot of deliberations on this subsequently 
with the Ministry and we would like to discuss, in any case we would be requiring funds for 
maintaining our infrastructure. We would also be requiring lots of float to handle such huge 
booking and some other arrangement for upgrading the site and making the DR site etc., 
handling all the risks involved in the business. There are risks. Because as we know there are 
no transaction charges in the case of a debit card, in the case of payment which are less than 
Rs. 2000. All where we were earlier running in the non-convenience resources, they are not 
there. So, these things are happening, the industry is changing. Till the industry is changing, 
the flow of revenue that is coming to IRCTC is handholding in the other assignment. There 
was a time when this money was taken away in 2016-2017 at the time of demonetization. At 
that time catering helped. During COVID catering and Rail Neer was not there so internet 
ticketing helped, that is what the resilient business model IRCTC has. Our growth is not only 
vertical, it is actually horizontal. The more domain we had so that at we can cover up the losses 
of the other segment and together as we come up as a great strength. 
Rahul Jain: 
And in the catering and the tourism business, if you could share your thoughts in terms of 
when we expect the revenue getting aligned in the catering segment with the passenger traffic. 
We are seeing this license fee it is quite low compared to the normalized run rate. And also 
similarly on the tourism business, our losses have widened in this segment in this quarter 
which is a bit surprising, because we are seeing the general tourism and hospitality across PSF 
seen a massive improvement. When could we see this in our numbers as well? 
Rajni Hasija: 
In the tourism our losses have widened as compared to the previous quarter, there is a reason 
because earning of Tejas is being added into it. And there is some revision in the Tejas policy 
for which we have requested Railway Board to reconsider. The haulage pattern of Tejas been 
changed and for which we have already requested Railway Board to reconsider so that these 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
losses can be curtailed, and we can at least break even. In spite of the festive bookings, we are 
not able to make good of the losses done previously. Secondly, we have also raised certain 
issues of passing the benefit of the cost measure during the period when the train was not 
running. These are the few issues which we have discussed with Ministry of Railways because 
of those losses being guided in the tourism, other than Tejas you talk about, the tourism is in 
profit. These we are taking a concrete decision on the Tejas and let us see we are hopeful that 
we will get some rescue out of that. If we are not, then we will take a tough decision in the 
subject. Rather will be constrained to take a tough decision. 
Rahul Jain: 
This would be like reducing the frequency, increasing the price? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Many such things are there, we will either increase the price or we will decrease the frequency 
or curtail our own expenses, do the re-tendering or increase the non-fare revenue which we 
have already done. Money for that is yet to be taken. We will try hard so that this segment also 
makes up the profit. Otherwise, hardcore tourism, it is in profit.  
Rahul Jain: 
And catering? 
Rahul Jain: 
My answer to your first question will be, that catering we have already raised the matter to 
Ministry of Railways, and they are taking some time for examination. Perhaps they are waiting 
for this festival period. Because festival period you might have seen the crowding everywhere. 
Last year in the month of April, May the second wave had cropped-in after the festival period 
only. People are just waiting, let's hope for the good. We have already reminded Railway 
Board even today also. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, the thing is that as you just answered to some of this question, you said there is a haulage 
price increase in the case of Tejas which has resulted into despite higher volume, we are 
incurring losses in that business. Again, the single point impact is the change in policy by the 
Railways. Similarly in catering also, we are not able to cope it up with the relevant traffic base 
revenue because the RT has been imposed by the Railways, I am not saying that they are trying 
to do something which is not in best interest of the shareholders, but of course the decision-
making for us actually lies well beyond the conventional thought process of the Board sitting 
at the IRCTC or they have their own limitations to that. So that is the big question out here that 
we are doing fabulously well as an organization, but how we will be able to deal with such risk 
because we are not able to address the issue which we actually have just because it is the calls 
has been shot at some other place? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Let's go to the root cause of this. Why Ministry had to withdraw the catering. Ministry had to 
take a tough call because there was COVID and there were many contact points and Railway 
never wanted to be party in spread of COVID. This was a tough decision, no organization, if 
we are losing, then Railway is equally losing because our distribution of revenue is also there. 
45% of our share goes to Ministry of Railways in this. So, they are also losers, they have 
foregone their Rs. 700 crores in that. If you recall our previous discussions that we used to do 
in the year 2019-2020, that in the year 2021 our revenue from the catering should have been 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
around Rs. 1500 crores out of which 45% around Rs. 700 crores would have gone to Railways. 
So, Railways also has foregone their revenue in the interest of our nation to save the lives. 
Tough decisions at times are taken to take care to get the better deal and lifesaving, nothing 
can better than saving a life. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyamsundar Sriram  from SundaramMutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyamsundar Sriram: 
My first question is what is the basis for this revenue sharing with Indian Railways? Is there 
any underlying economic logic to share, that is the first part of the question? Secondly, now 
IRCTC also works with many OTA agents as well, where the agent charges an additional 
convenience fee and there is a revenue shared with IRCTC as well. Is this also decided by 
Indian Railways, or this is decided by the IRCTC Board per se. So tomorrow if Indian 
Railways decides to change that also, is that something that is possible, if Railways decides to 
change your terms of agreement with your OTA agents per se, those are the two questions. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Well, I would like to answer your second question first as compared to the first. Like Ministry 
of Railways has already decided that the agent can charge Rs. 10 and Rs. 20 per ticket. That is 
already decided. And in that if the OTA is there, his fee cannot be more than that. But 
however, the IRCTC takes an additional money from him in form of Rs. 12 that is the decision 
of OTA. The agreement to appoint OTA is done between IRTTC and OTA. Ministry does not 
have any access to that. 
Shyamsundar Sriram: 
But ministry decides the agent charges? 
Rajni Hasija: 
No, whatever he has charged before and decided that is continuing for all B2B, any kind of 
agent can charge only this much, 20-40 they can charge. That is being done by them and over 
and above what OTA policy has, what is B2B, what is B2C, how the Rail RTA will be there 
and how the GSA will be appointed, it is all internal decision of IRCTC management. You 
said, what has been the logic behind that? Well, I have already answered that. My answer 
remains the same, that ministry has decided that ministry has withdrawn, IRCTC is not in 
position to comment. 
Shyamsundar Sriram: 
No, ma'am I was just trying to understand is there any economic logic in terms of, because we 
use by Indian Railways backend reservation, so is there any sort of economics or a logic for 
IRCTC? 
Rajni Hasija: 
As per our understanding that ministry has saved a lot of money by doing the online 
reservation. If the work is not being looked after by them, IRCTC is also incurring lot of 
expenditure in maintaining the infrastructure and we need to upgrade that. And that we have 
already been telling our investors all the time that it is a continuous process. We have already 
awarded many contracts for upgrading our infrastructure. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Shyamsundar Sriram: 
Can I ask one more question? You said IRCTC has the freedom to raise the convenience fee. 
Now, what factors that you will consider that you go into whether you have to raise the 
convenience fee, as in is it simple like in services inflation per se or what will you consider? 
Rajni Hasija: 
There are many factors. When we will increase our licensee fee, first our expenditure become 
so much that we are not able to handle our expenditure. The revenue that we receive from the 
convenience fee is lesser than that. As of now, we are able to handle so we don't want to put 
any burden on the customer. At the same time, we have to look the overall interest of the 
country that is in the form of promoting the Atma Nirbhar Bharat concept and creating our 
own gateway, etc. As long as we are able to handle it well and add to good amount of revenue 
to our company, getting good profits, I don't think there is any need to for the management to 
increase the convenience fee. If there is some shortage, then management will take a call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead.  
Urmil Shah: 
I'll maybe try and channelize the discussion on the positives. If we look at the internet ticketing 
segment in this quarter, it appeared that not only the volume-based benefit has enabled us to do 
all time high revenue, but even the non-service charge revenue has touched an all-time high as 
regards the quarterly run rate. If you could throw light on the same. And also, how should we 
look at it over the next couple of years? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I can tell you that the convenience fee in the first half year our total fee has been Rs. 289 
crores, that is in the first half, out of which Rs. 104 crores in the first quarter and Rs. 185 
crores in this quarter. Non-convenience fee earlier we had 46 now we have 80. Out of which I 
can give you the sharing, all the time investors have been asking why the advertisement 
revenue from our side has been less. Let me tell you with great pride that this time around Rs. 
20 crore is almost we have received two advertisements where we have been able to tap good 
government ads for our portal. Then commission also has seen some very high, because the 
overall ticketing has been high, so the commission has been high in the B2C segment. And 
AMC fees have also increased. So, all segments except for the SBI where our offer was there 
that we will not charge revenue has shown some improvement. So, our focus is convenience 
fee, yes, we have to have, you have to tap that, but at the same time we need to increase our 
non-convenience fee resources. This is a positive side, and there is non-convenience fee has 
shown increase of 74% whereas the convenience fee has also shown the increase of 78% over 
the Quarter 1. 
Urmil Shah: 
While on a quarterly basis we might have variation but if I just annualize the 80 crores that 
comes to around 370 crores on a full-year basis as the non-service charge revenue. Would you 
say that is achievable in FY23 as a whole? We might have quarterly variation. 
Rajni Hasija: 
I feel that will happen.  

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Urmil Shah: 
My second question was on the e-catering side, if you could let us know what is the kind of 
volumes being done, as well as regards to getting the aggregators not the top 2 ones, but the 
smaller ones to get the food options onboard. 
Rajni Hasija: 
I have good news to share that pre-COVID I think in the month of April and October „21, if I 
take the data, so our average meals per day booking has been around 24,210 as compared to 
the average of 21,000 previously. So, the total value of orders was to the tune of 27.8 crores. 
And the aggregators which are live around 10 in number Rail Yatri, Rail Restro, Railyatri, 
Zoop, Rajdhani, OLF, Spicy Wagon, Comesum, Yatri Bhojan etc. are there. We have around 
thousand odd active service vendors who are associated with us and we are also in process of 
mobilizing our own food Plaza and FFU, people to be mandatory food providers for our trains, 
so that the facility is available in more and more trains. Last time when we were doing this 
earning con call, we had mentioned that we are going to put in our B2C agents in the e-
catering. At the time only 2 were active. Now, 20 of such are active. Our number of stations 
where the e-catering is live has also increased to 252. Our revenue from the e-catering is 
increasing, average meal order has also increased but a lot more to be done, which we would 
be doing. We are going for a massive kind of a promotion. We are also in the process of tying 
up with new aggregator and new vendors also. You will see further improvement as the year 
passes. 
Urmil Shah: 
Just to a follow up on that, as regards the 20 B2C agents, how many of them would be on the 
supply side? On the ordering side we have never had any problem but as regards to providing 
the food option, how many of these will be B2C agents would be on the supply side? 
Rajni Hasija: 
This B2C agents are not in the supply side, but we are going to have one B2C agent soon, 
whom I will not name, because our approval is yet in the process in a day, maybe in the next 
earning con call or in our investors meet, by the time the approval will be there, I would be 
sharing his or her name. There are operators in the B2C segment who have ticketing agents, 
but they would be in the supply also. Rail Yatri is one, Rail Yatri is my e-catering agent also 
and the ticketing agent also. And this Comesum, Comesum is my supply agent, but he is very 
less of e-ticketing he also does. Similarly, we are going to have 2-3 more who can, who 
become our ticketing agent also and will also be in the supply chain for e-catering. They are in 
process of tying up with the other hotel chains who can become. Ultimately, they book orders 
for those hotels and the supply chain for which we have already linked up and done one to one 
contract. So, they are gainers of our linking with them. Ultimately IRCTC is the gainer, 
whether they earn, or we earn the earning to IRCTC remains the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Revant Shah from SBI Life Insurance. Please go ahead.  
Revan Shah: 
You mentioned that we are in constant discussion with Ministry of Railways for policy related 
matters. So, whether on this convenience fee circular, which was issued by them, were we in 
discussion with them to understand the impact on our company or were we left blind sighted 
by them? 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Rajni Hasija: 
Well, I am not in position, I will reiterate my answer. I am not in position to answer this 
question I have already answered. The good part of it is that the charges have been reversed, 
withdrawn, so let‟s accept the fact. 
Revan Shah: 
Secondly could you tell us on the developments of merger with RailTel and CRIS. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Such things are decided by our body DIPAM. We have not received any official 
communication in this regard. 
Revan Shah: 
And a couple of more things. Could you provide any update on the privatization of trains for 
which we have won couple of tenders and any update or progress on that? And also, on our 
payment gateway application, which was pending with RBI, could you give any update on 
that? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Our payment gateway application for that we have recommended changes in our MOS that has 
gone to Ministry. We have discussed today also, and it has gone to the top authority, once the 
Ministry approves then we would be sending to the rest of the approving bodies so that it 
becomes part of our memorandum of association in the main object clause. After that we 
would be applying to RBI for getting the license for the same. So that the payment aggregators 
services can be used. However, as far as the payment gateway is concerned, we can always use 
it. And I forgot your first question can you please repeat? 
Revan Shah: 
We have won couple of tenders for this privatization, any update on that? 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have not received any communication so far. Perhaps we will get it by tomorrow or day 
after. Let's hear from them, what Ministry takes a decision.  
Moderator:  
We will move on to the next question, that is from the line of Bharat Parekh from CLSA. 
Please go ahead.  
Bharat Parekh: 
I just wanted to ask you ma'am, from an investor relations perspective, how do we reach out to 
the company? Because we have been writing multiple emails as investors and also other email 
IDs which is available on your website. Unfortunately, we are not able to reach and also 
nobody picks up the landline. If you can guide us, how do we reach out to you to understand 
your company a bit better? 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have a defined investment relationship officer, Mr. Anil Sharma. So far, he has been using 
his personal email ID. I have noted your point. Very soon we will be communicating and 
putting it on our website. That zero web kind of an ID, which is universally accepted, which 
can be there permanently on the website will be created and the phone number of the person 
will also be mentioned in the site. So, your points have been noted, a good suggestion thank 
you very much for that. 
Bharat Parekh: 
So right now, we are emailing at asharma2490@irctc.com,is that the one? 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes. It is the same Anil Sharma is the person. Can you please give me your email ID, you 
please share after this con call? My number is there, you can give me a message. I will find out 
where these mails are going, maybe going to junk mails, let me see my system. 
Bharat Parekh: 
How do I reach you? That will be my pleasure ma‟am? 
Rajni Hasija: 
You please share. We are here to sort out the issues. We don't want any investor to say this that 
his query has not been answered. 
Bharat Parekh: 
That is so nice of you ma‟am. Really appreciate the thought process you have. Truly 
commendable I must say, and it would be my pleasure to reach out to you and be in touch with 
you and understand the company. Really appreciate it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
I wanted you to delve further in the non-convenience part of the internet ticketing. You said 20 
crores was from the advertisements. Could you give the details of the balance revenue in that? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I will read out for you. In the first half year, I will take the half-year figure, convenience fee 
resources, convenience fee has been Rs. 289 crores and the service charges other than the I-
ticket has been Rs. 23 crores. Advertisement income is divided into two parts, for our 
convenience we have divided into two parts because we are maintaining it like that, in one part 
we have received Rs. 5.84 crores and in the second part we have received around Rs. 15.37 
crores. Then annual maintenance charges we have received around 58.34 crores. Then E-
wallet, that is the close wallet that we run Rs. 2.79 crores in that and commission in the form of 
B2C segment that is Rs. 12.39 crores. After that small things are there, the agent replacement 
charges when we change the agent, we also charge something, then from 139 license fee we 
take it, that is also Rs. 2.36 crores and the agent login of indication and enquiry charges also 
we have realized. We have monetized few enquiries, there also we have earned around Rs. 
1.10 crores. So, more and more avenues of the revenue we are trying to monetize our website 
and that is why our revenue in the non-convenience fee has been 74% more than the quarter 
one and has been so far highest in any quarter. 
Mayank Babla: 
Second related to the convenience fee was you said 40% was from the general class. Can you 
give the split between AC and non-AC for the quarter in terms of percentage? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I will give you for second quarter. Second quarter average First AC is 0.3,that is less than 1%. 
You know that Executive First AC put together will be around 1%.Second AC is around 3.5%, 
third AC is 14.9% and the AC chair car is again 3.5%, sleeper class is 37.3%, second AC is 
40%. Our total inventory, there is other class Anubhuti class, we call it 3E, it‟s very less .01%. 
And the total inventory booking average is around 80.23% in the same quarter, that is July, 
August and September. And as of now we have 3000 trains for which we are providing these 
services. 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Mayank Babla: 
And last question was regarding the Rail Neer. I believe this quarter, we had one of plant also 
up and functioning. So, what is the latest capacity per day in Rail Neer?  
Rajni Hasija: 
As of now we have 15 plants operative. Before COVID when we were there, some issues are 
there in the Bilaspur plant which we are sorting out and our capacity is around 15 lakh bottles 
in a day still there. But because the Rajdhani Shatabdi Duronto train not running so we are 
running around 55% to 60% of the capacity. Maybe during this festival period, we have certain 
variation, might have gone up. I'm sorry, I'm not carrying that figure in front of me as of now. 
But the capacity is 15 lakhs. I'll certainly inform you and put it on the website if required.  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we'll be taking the last question that is from the 
line of Madhu De from Avista Capital. Please go ahead.  
Madhu De: 
Just a housekeeping question. My question is, what was the increase in the number of trains 
running in Q2 compared to Q1? And how does that compare to your last peak over quarter? 
Rajni Hasija: 
When we initially started, we started after COVID with the 25 pair of trains, gradually started 
going up and up. In the month of October now I am talking, because October is also over today 
1st November, we have 3000 trains which are running and for which we are providing the 
reservation, it starts coming up like this in the month of June, it was 2,500 trains, in July it was 
2,745 trains, August the number of trains more or less same, 5-10 trains more added, in 
September again festival trains have come up. So, you have 2,949 trains, now in October you 
have 3,019 trains. I think we have these almost as far as the reserved accommodation is 
concerned in the form of a special trains near to normalization with 10% or 15% short. 
Madhu De: 
When do you expect the full catering services to start? And what percentage of these trains you 
are offering catering at this point in time? 
Rajni Hasija: 
The train where you provide these services and where catering services and where you provide 
the reserved accommodation cannot be actually compared, because for every train you have to 
provide the reservation and you can provide catering in the train where you have pantry cars 
and where the trains which are running during the day, if the trains are running during the 
night. There is no need. So, I can tell you that trains which are running with the WCB, AC car 
we call them, the number is 346 and train where we have train side vending is 288. So, the 
total number of our trains is 634 against the 500 odd trains. I think last quarter when we had 
discussion we were had around 550 such trains now it is 634 and most of the trains are having 
contract. We have been able to play for all of them. Even for short term contracts are also 
running, we have been given all the trains on the contract, except for trains, which we run the 
department because there's one litigation going on and we have to handle that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mrs. Rajni Hasija – CMD of IRCTC for her closing comments.  

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
November 01, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Rajni Hasija: 
It has always been pleasure interacting with investors and good to know how industry thinks 
about us. There have been certain ups and downs in the past and as life says move on. So, we 
believe in moving on and we are here and presently today our Q2 results where we have really 
registered a good amount of our profit in all the segments, my CFO has already read it. Is In 
Rail Neer we have built up the losses and in the catering we have reduced the losses to the 
extent that the losses are reduced to only 19 lakhs. The good days are ahead, it looks. 
Normalization is happening. Vaccination is happening. The impact of COVID is gradually 
going away. We need to be a little cautious during the festival season. Si I hereby close saying 
that in the tourism sector also in the hardcore tourism, we are really doing fantastic and in the 
hardcore tourism, really making profit and we are trying to curtail the losses of Tejas also to 
the extent possible and we are examining it very aggressively and taking tough calls on each 
and every department in the Tejas. With this I finish my word here and wishing you a very, 
very Happy Diwali. Maybe the next year after Diwali is very, very happy and healthy for every 
investor, everyone in this country. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IDBI Capital, that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
