 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 18, 2021 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code - 540775 
The Manager 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
Symbol - KHADIM 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
Sub: Outcome of Investor Meet 
 
This is with reference to our intimation dated November 16, 2021 and November 17, 2021 with respect 
to Investor Meet held on Wednesday, November 17, 2021. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose herewith the concall 
transcript of the said Meeting w.r.t Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Khadim India Limited 
 
Company Secretary & Head- Legal  
ICSI Membership No. A21358 
 
Encl: As above 
ABHIJIT DAN
Digitally signed by ABHIJIT DAN 
Date: 2021.12.18 13:34:28 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Khadim India Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIDDHARTHA ROY BURMAN - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
KHADIM INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. NAMRATA CHOTRANI - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - KHADIM INDIA LIMITED
 
MR. INDRAJIT CHAUDHURI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KHADIM INDIA LIMITED
 
 
ANALYST:
MR. NACHIKET KALE – DICKENSON WORLD
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call of Khadim India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Nachiket Kale from Dickenson World. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Nachiket! 
Nachiket Kale: 
Hi. Good evening, everybody. Thanks for connecting to the results call of Khadim 
India Limited. I welcome you all to this call. We have already uploaded our 
results, press release and results presentation on the exchanges. Hope you had a 
chance to go through it. We look forward to have a fruitful discussion with the 
management. I would now like to handover the call to the promoter of the 
Company, Mr. Siddhartha Roy Burman, who is also the Chairman & Managing 
Director. Over to you Mr. Burman. 
Siddhartha R Burman: Namaskar everybody. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you to this 
conference call to discuss the second quarter results for the financial year 2021-
2022. Hope everyone continues to be safe and had a great festive period. 
 
This quarter has been a story of resilience and we are proud to have bounced 
back to profitability after the second wave. Our strategic efforts on improving 
product portfolio, focus on profitability, managing supply chain, controlling costs 
and efficiently improving our working capital position helped to achieve a 
turnaround. 
 
In the post COVID era, our affordable fashion positioning has resonated well with 
our existing and new customer base. We achieved healthy revenue growth 
across both businesses - retail and distribution. We have now recorded 
significant improvements in margins, for the last four consecutive quarters. We 
continue to strengthen our retail presence in tier II and III cities by  opening 25 
new franchise stores during the second quarter despite partial lockdown, taking 
the overall tally to 555 franchise stores. The retail network now stands at 762 
stores and distribution footprint has increased to 606. 
 
Coming to our performance for the quarter, comparing year-on-year to Q2 
FY2021, revenue grew by 36% to 161.6 Crores. The Company has achieved 
highest ever gross margin in retail at 52% and generated positive EBITDA of 13.7 
Crores with an 8% EBITDA margin and reached pre-COVID level versus an EBITDA 
loss in Q1 FY2022. 
 
PAT stands at ₹ 6.5 Crores with PAT margin of 4% compared to a loss of ₹ 22.4 
Crores in Q2 FY2021. Working capital efficiency has improved. Cash flow position 
has strengthened the balance sheet. The economy is on track to reach normalcy 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 3 of 11 
as majority of the population is being vaccinated gradually, unlocking has 
increased and the COVID related restrictions have eased. After being confined 
indoor in the lockdowns, we now see a tremendous desire among the people to 
venture out again and this is driving high demand especially for footwear. We are 
already witnessing improving traction at our stores and are very optimistic of 
scaling operations further. We thank you all for your continued support and look 
forward to continuing interaction with you. We can now proceed with the 
question and answer session. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Monika Arora from Sharegiant Wealth Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Monika Arora: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. On the back of, let me see the revival 
of the economy and improved consumer sentiment, we see that a lot of brands 
are offering various deals and discounts to attract more footfalls in their stores. 
So, have you also offered some kind of deals to your franchisee? 
Namrata Chotrani: Thanks for your question, Monica. I think throughout the year, we have run a 
very silent discount in our stores just to ensure that we are liquidating most of 
our stock, which we had manufactured last year and last to last year. But there 
are no active promotion of the discounts as we generally do in EOSS (End of 
Season Sale). We have our regular EOSS twice a year – which will be in December 
and March, which we will promote very aggressively. During the festive season, 
we did have a very good scheme, which is called Milega Much More- wherein on 
a minimum buy of ₹ 1000, ₹ 2000, ₹ 3000, we offered a credit note which could 
be redeemed immediately. We saw a very good response of 75% to 80% 
redemption. So, I think, recovery has been good and people are responding to 
good schemes. 
Monika Arora: 
If you can also update on franchisees & setting up of new stores? 
Namrata Chotrani: You are asking in terms of expansion this year? 
Monika Arora: 
Yes. 
Namrata Chotrani: So, we have opened 25 new stores in this last quarter and we are looking at 
opening a total of around 80 stores this year. 
Monika Arora: 
That is great. We see that a lot of corporates are open now. So, do you also see 
some institutional sales in Q2? What is the status of the cash flows from the big 
orders filled during Q4 FY21. 
Indrajit Chaudhuri This quarter, there are no institutional sales. In terms of the big order from the 
fourth quarter, 70% of the payments have been received and we will get 30% 
balance payments in this third quarter. 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 4 of 11 
Monika Arora: 
That is great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move to the next question which is from the line of Varun 
from VJB Financial Services Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Varun: 
Good afternoon. Congratulations for the turnaround. The COCO stores seem to 
produce much more revenue whereas the franchise stores are producing much 
lower revenue. Why is that? 
Namrata Chotrani: The COCO store sales are recorded at MRP and the franchise stores sales are 
recorded at net sales which are post the retail margin that we give to the 
franchises. That is why the sales seems lower. COCO stores are generally much 
larger and in metros and tier I’s. We believe that the franchisees are more in the 
Tier II and Tier III Cities hence the average sales are generally lower than the 
COCO stores. 
Varun: 
So, from an accounting perspective the discounts in COCO stores are recorded as 
expenditures? The revenue is not recorded as the sale price but the MRP price? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: No, if the product is sold at MRP, it is recorded at MRP price. If it is sold at a 
discount in COCO, it is recorded at a discounted price. Namrata was saying that 
in COCO sales recording is in MRP whereas in case of EBO we give a trade 
discount of around 30% to 35%. So the Company records the primary sales of 
65%. So that is why the COCO numbers are higher compared to the franchises. 
Varun: 
Out of the 800 stores, how many stores have achieved a breakeven already and 
how many stores are cross subsidized, can you give some data on it? 
Namrata Chotrani: Last year we had already shut down 13 COCOs which were at a negative run rate.  
Out of 207 COCO, only 10 stores are not in breakeven terms, otherwise all the 
COCO stores are breakeven. 
Varun: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepan Shankar from Trustline 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Deepan Shankar: 
Good evening everyone and thanks a lot for the opportunity. Congratulations for 
the good set of numbers. Last year in H2 we have done sales of 340 Crores plus, 
only in terms of retail and distribution. So, are we looking to grow considerably 
over the last year for this year H2? 
Namrata Chotrani: Thank you Mr. Shankar for your question and your good words. Appreciate it. 
Yes, I think, we will be looking at growing in H2. The recovery has been extremely 
healthy and very comforting on the retail side for sure. On the distribution side 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 5 of 11 
also the recovery has been good. So, we are also looking at growing on both the 
fronts in the businesses. 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: Last year in H2 there was an institutional sale of around 90 Crores. 
Deepan Shankar: 
Yes, I am not counting on that. Including that it was 440 Crores. I am counting 
only the 340 Crores for retail business? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: That is correct. 
Deepan Shankar: 
Are we confident enough to get back to our pre-COVID quarterly run rate of 200 
Crores from next year onwards? 
Namrata Chotrani: That is the hope for sure. We are all hoping that we do not see a fourth and fifth 
wave and any further lockdowns or health issues in the country. Definitely, we 
are looking forward to achieving pre-COVID numbers. 
Deepan Shankar: 
During COVID time, our fashion-wear contribution had gone down tremendously 
in retail. So, are we seeing that coming back strongly in ensuing quarters? 
Namrata Chotrani: Yes, sure. We are already seeing it at normal level in Q2. In fact, during the 
festive season, we have seen normalized buying in all the categories, and we 
have also seen the trend currently. So we are hoping that the fashion buying 
continues. 
Deepan Shankar: 
We have seen substantial improvements in the gross margins. So, are we 
expecting that to sustain over coming quarters? Are we seeing that raw material 
pricing trend is able to pass on? 
Namrata Chotrani: See, on the retail side, we are hoping to be able to pass on the increased raw 
material prices and still make an incremental margin. The pricing is relatively on 
the higher side compared to distribution. So, there we should be able to absorb 
and pass on and grow. But on the distribution side, it is a bit choppy and the raw 
material pricing is very sensitive to the pricing of the product because you are 
dealing over there in Hawaii chappal, PVC chappals, PU chappals, low priced 
sports shoes where the price is a very, very sensitive aspects of the product. So, 
we are hoping that the raw material pricing stabilizes, there can be some sanity 
and stability to the pricing as well. Till the raw material pricing stabilizes there 
will be some chopping in the gross margin. We are hoping to pass it on as much 
as possible.  We also have to be careful with the MRP because we are dealing 
with the mass audience. So, there will be that much price increases that one 
should take, to be able to pass on to the customer, but we are trying to do our 
best.  

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 6 of 11 
Deepan Shankar: 
The run rate for fixed cost, employee cost and other expenses, has fallen from 66 
Crores to 46 Crores. Are we seeing that run rate can continue or we are 
expecting some amount of fixed expenses to shoot up in the coming quarters? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: In case of employee expenses for the last 18 months, there was a 20% cut. In 
October we have already restored the salaries. So, the run rate which you have 
seen in the last quarter will increase. In other expenses, there are lot of fixed 
expenses which were reduced. But there are some increments and other 
expenses we need to incur, so there also you will see a rise, but not at the pre-
COVID levels. 
Deepan Shankar: 
What about the advertisement expenses, has it already reached pre-COVID levels 
or what is the runrate currently? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri:  Pre-COVID, advertisement expense was around 4% of sales. Now it is around 1%. 
But obviously, in FY 2023 it will increase to 2 to 2.5%. 
Deepan Shankar: 
Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I think you said that H2 FY2022 is going to be better 
than H2 of FY2021. If you exclude the institutional sales number will the 
profitability be better in terms of EBITDA margins, would that be better than H2 
of FY2021 if we exclude the institutional numbers? 
Namrata Chotrani: We believe that revenue would be better and so is the margin excluding 
institutional sales. 
Girish Pai: 
These EBITDA margins are pre-Ind-AS 116 or post Ind-AS 116? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: Post Ind-AS 116. 
Girish Pai: 
How much is the price increase that you have taken, because the gross margins 
remain fairly strong on your portfolio? 
Namrata Chotrani: We have got two businesses, the retail side and the distribution side. On the 
retail side, we have increased our ASP quite significantly since FY2021. Since 
FY2020 we have increased our ASP by 9% and in FY2021 we have increased our 
ASP by 25%, which is an aberration purely because last financial year the 
consumer behavior was a bit different and more biased towards low priced basic 
products or basic products. So comparing it to FY2020 would be more realistic. 
We had a 9% ASP growth out of which around 6% to 7% would be price increases 
and balance would be premiumization. That is on the retail side. On the 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 7 of 11 
distribution side, in this financial year we have taken approximately 15% increase 
in prices owing to the raw material price increase. 
Girish Pai: 
You mentioned in one of the earlier questions, that you would want to go back 
to 200 Crores revenue run rate on a quarterly basis. What incremental steps are 
required from your side to achieve that number? Or it is just the demand coming 
back naturally because of increasing post-COVID footfalls? 
Namrata Chotrani: I would answer this question in two parts. On the retail side, we will have to 
ensure that our existing base of store grows at a healthy pace of SSG, which is 
around 5% to 6% and we intend to grow the retail business overall around 10% 
to 12% with the balance coming from store expansion. On the distribution side, it 
is going to be purely an increase in the market share with the existing base of 
distributors and also building the base of new distributors. 
Girish Pai: 
I thought I heard you holding two End of Season Sale. One was end of December 
and the other was end of March. You think you can offset the discount that is 
going to come through because of that? 
Namrata Chotrani:  That is all planned and accounted for. I think there will be an incremental 
growth of the overall gross margin. The discounting would be adjusted from the 
increased margins. So, the net margin will always be higher than the previous 
year. 
Girish Pai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat from VJB Financial 
Services Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat: 
Good afternoon. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had three 
questions; the first on the total number of pairs sold in retail and distribution. 
The second question on order from the UP government, when is the execution of 
that order likely or has it already been executed? What portion has been 
executed and is there any other institutional orders from government? The 
revenue per store as compared to our competitors like Bata’s 3 Crores per store 
and I am assuming we are at 1 Crores per store. Correct me if I am wrong. Is it 
possible that we will be bridging the gap or what is the way forward on that one? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: I am taking your second question first, regarding the institutional sales. 
Institutional sales have been executed in March itself in the fourth quarter and 
70% payment has been received. There is no institutional orders now pending on 
our side. In terms of pairs sold in quarter, in distribution it is around 67 lac pairs 
and in retail it is 22 lac pairs. If you compare our COCO store, average revenue is 
around 1.25 crores per store. Yes, compared to Bata it is less because the ASP of 
Bata is higher compared to us. The product mix also matters, 75% of our 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 8 of 11 
products are below ₹ 1000 as compared to Bata who are selling 50% of the 
product over ₹ 1000. 
Namrata Chotrani: I would like to add over here, this is revenue per store you are comparing. If you 
compare revenue per square feet and gross margins per square feet, we are as 
good as them and in some cases even better. 
Bharat: 
Fantastic. Is it possible, like you have already answered the question in part 
when the other gentleman asked the question with regard to you adjusting gross 
margin. The net margin would still be efficient because you increase the price 
and give a discount to maintain the net margins. What is the elasticity of demand 
even if you increase price, let us say 3% to 5% on retail. If I am buying Pro or 
Lazard, what is the propensity for you to increase prices in these segments where 
you can increase prices by 5% without affecting the margins? Bata’s ASP is much 
higher, say if I am buying a Power shoe, I am buying a like-to-like Pro shoe                  
₹ 700 vis-à-vis a Bata at ₹ 1600. So, is it possible for us to go from ₹ 700 to ₹ 800 
without impacting the demand and what is the cushion that we have? 
Namrata Chotrani: Just to give you a history, over the last two years we have taken regular price 
increases on all our existing range and new range. I have not seen any impact on 
demand owing to the price increases. You know, our base is generally low and 
secondly the product range at the prices we are selling at, we do not see too 
many brands do that. So we are very confident of our product offering and I do 
not think 3% to 5% increase in prices are going to impact the volume pressures 
incidentally. 
Bharat: 
So, we can increase. We have headroom there to increase prices and hold up 
margins if need be? 
Namrata Chotrani: Yes, definitely. There are no two thoughts about that. 
Bharat: 
With regard to last time, in the concall you have spoken about omnification of 
the channels where if I do not find a shoe in our store I can get it through 
another store. I buy from Khadim personally so if I buy, say for example, I want a 
shoe and it is not available, even though it is a COCO store, the manager does 
not know if the stock is available in the next shop. There is no integrated staff 
management even within the city. So, would you do an omnification? How does 
it work? 
Namrata Chotrani: The store manager does not need to know if it is available in the next store or in 
the third store. He will just place the order and it will reach from the nearest 
possible store wherever available. 
 Indrajit Chaudhuri : Because it is integrated backwards in the retail end, we do not have that kind of 
bandwidth that will enable the store manager to see everywhere. It is through 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 9 of 11 
ANS Commerce that we integrate backend so that if the order comes in the retail 
outlet that will be picked up from the next store or from other states also. 
Bharat: 
That I agree. If I have to place an order, say, suppose I am in Chennai, and I am 
buying from Thiruvanmiyur and I am going to Adayar and your store is along the 
way. If I want that particular product for myself and my family, and that 
particular colour is not available there. Would it not be right if you have an ERP 
which tells you which store has, so that it can be given to the customer if the 
need arise. Most customers who do not find the product in the store go away. So 
for example, I went to buy Bonito, it was not available, they said it may be 
available in T. Nagar, which is 5 km away.  If it is definitely available there, I will 
go and buy. Is it possible to do this, because in most apparel retail, like if I go to 
Louise Phillips, I know if it is not in this store, it is in the next store. So, just 
asking, it is more out of curiosity. 
Namrata Chotrani: You have shown that you are a very loyal customer of us and thank you for 
sharing the pain that you are going through. This is something which is in our 
mind, to be able to implement in our stores. In due course we will ensure that 
the customers have a better and seamless experience. Right now we do not have 
it, but we will definitely try developing it. It is a valid view and we will definitely 
try working on it. 
Bharat: 
Yes, because three times I have gone without buying. Since I am a shareholder 
and I buy a lot from Khadim. I try my best and I thought of buying it online, but 
for whatever reasons, I thought I will buy it from a store. But I have not got it and 
nobody has told me that I can place an order and I will get it. I am just saying, 
because you said that I can request for the product and get it? 
Namrata Chotrani: Which store did you go to? 
Bharat: 
I have gone to five stores in the city. 
Namrata Chotrani: Were they all COCO stores? 
Bharat: 
They are all COCO. I do not go to a franchise. I am a Khadim customer so I go to 
COCO. 
Namrata Chotrani: I will take it up definitely and we will see what the best we can do. I will ask my 
team member to connect with you for the design that you like and we will 
ensure that we get it delivered to you. 
Bharat: 
Actually whole family needs one. 
Namrata Chotrani: We will definitely ensure we are making our sale to you. We will not lose you as a 
customer for sure. 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 10 of 11 
Bharat: 
Thank you. Much appreciated. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Shah an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Shah: 
When I look at the balance sheet, in other advances there is 115 Crores, is this 
relating to GST credit which shows as advance to government authorities? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: Yes, it is the GST credit that has accumulated over the years. 
Ankit Shah: 
This is because of the difference between what you charge to the customer and 
what you pay to the suppliers on the raw material? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: Here there are two concepts; one is that our output tax is lower than the input 
tax on raw materials. The input tax is at 18% whereas the output tax for products 
with MRP less than ₹ 1000 is 5%. There is an accumulation, for which the 
government gives refund. But for the service accumulation of the GST of 18%, 
the Supreme Court has given a clear verdict that there would be no refund for 
that. So that accumulation can be set-off with the next output tax. But since our 
output tax is less than the input tax, this accumulation carries on and on. So, I 
think if in the GST committee meeting this inverted credit structure would be 
revamped, only then that credit that has accumulated will be utilized. 
Ankit Shah: 
What is the proportion of that refundable versus the one which you are saying 
the Supreme Court has rejected? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: The raw material portion is around 7 Crores to 8 Crores, balance is the service tax 
input that is carried over for the years. 
Ankit Shah: 
So, unless this inverted duty structure is changed by the government, this will 
continue to be a challenge and it will keep getting accumulated? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: That accumulation will be there. 
Ankit Shah: 
Understood. The other one was to understand that because you mentioned that 
we sold around 22 lakhs pairs in the last six months, what will be the unique 
number of clients? And the average bill size? 
Indrajit Chaudhuri: 22 lakhs is for this quarter and half-year it is around 31 lakhs. 
Namrata Chotrani: The average bill size would be in the range of around ₹ 750. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it. Thank you. 

 
Khadim India Limited
November 17, 2021
 
 
 
 
     
 
Page 11 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as this was the last question for today I would 
now like to hand the conference over to management of Khadim India Limited 
for closing comments. 
Namrata Chotrani: Thank you for all your questions and your interest in Khadims. We are all working 
very hard to ensure that we are able to do good business and we look forward to 
keeping in touch with all of you and answering your question to the best of our 
ability. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Khadim India Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
