 
 
 
 
Ref: UTI/AMC/CS/SE/2021-22/0141 
        Date: 12th November, 2021 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza Plot No. C/1 
G Block Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Symbol: UTIAMC 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 543238/UTIAMC 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on financial results for the quarter and 
half year ended 30th September, 2021 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call on 
financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2021. 
 
The same has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.utimf.com.  
  
We request you to kindly take the aforementioned details on record and disseminate the same on 
your respective websites. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Arvind Patkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.:   As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q2 FY'22 & H1 FY’22 Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2021 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY'22 and H1 FY'22 Conference Call of 
UTI Asset Management Company Limited. From the management, we have with us Mr. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman – CEO and Whole Time Director; Mr. Surojit Saha – Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Vinay Lakhotia – Head, Operations and Mr. Sandeep Samsi – Head, Investor Relations and 
Corporate Communications. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Snighter Albuquerque. Thank you and over to you, Snighter. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, Vikram. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made 
in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Please note disclaimer mentioning these risks and uncertainties are on the disclaimer slide of 
the investor presentation that has been shared with you earlier. 
I will now hand over the conference to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman for his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you very much and good afternoon to all of you. It is my great honor and privilege on 
my personal behalf, and on behalf of the team present here to welcome everyone to this call 
to discuss the financial and operating performance of our company for the second quarter of 
the financial year '21-22. I trust you and your family are safe and sound. I pray that you and 
your family remain safe and sound. 
For the results, you must have gone through the ‘Press Release’ and ‘Investor Presentation’ 
available on our website as well as the website of the exchanges. 
I will begin my comment with an update on our economy, moving on to the mutual fund 
industry, and then to the performance of UTI AMC. We began this fiscal with the high rising 
second wave of COVID-19 which the nation was able to overcome quickly. We are so pleased 
Mumbai reporting zero death due to COVID-19 earlier this month. The workplace is now 
moving back to the offices as we continue with our normal business activities. So far as Indian 
economy is concerned, the Indian economy has started to recover as domestic demand is 
gathering momentum while aggregate supply conditions are recouping with the revival of 
various sectors. Softer than expected food prices have eased the inflation. The progress in 
vaccination drive and normalization mobility is renewing the confidence in our economy and 

 
Page 2 of 14 
in our country. The Indian economy is expected to grow at 9.5% in the financial year '21-22. 
There was an upward revision of six bps with an expected growth for the Q2 of financial year 
'22, raising the number to 7.9%. The coming festive season is expected to further influence the 
momentum. Several studies and surveys on consumption and hiring trends reflects the positive 
outlook on the back of increase in public investment and incentives by the government to boost 
the economy. 
The Indian capital markets -  the movement in the benchmark indices clearly reflects the robust 
earnings recovery of the Indian capital markets. SENSEX rose by 12.7% while NIFTY rose by 
12.1% during the quarter crossing the 60,000 milestone for SENSEX and 18,000 milestone mark 
for NIFTY. SENSEX stood at 59,306 at today closing and 17,671 is NIFTY, up by above 55% and 
56% respectively from the corresponding number on September 30, 2020. 
The Indian mutual fund industry is poised to grow. The quarterly average AUM for the mutual 
fund industry stood at Rs. 36.21 lakh crores as on September 30, 2021 growing by 9.14% as 
against Rs. 33.18 lakh crores as on June 30, 2021 and by 31.2% from Rs. 27.6 lakh crores as on 
September 30, 2020. The closing AUM of the industry as on September 30, 2021 was Rs. 36.74 
lakh crores as against Rs. 33.67 lakh crores. The total number of folios for the industry as on 
September 30, 2021 also grew and stood at 11.17 crores, registering an increase of 8.84% 
during the quarter and 20% for the September 30, 2020. The SIP inflows crossed Rs.10,000 
crores mark for the first time in September 2021 taking the SIP AUM of the industry to Rs.5.45 
lakh crores, an increase of 12.6% over the last quarter. The SIP AUM stood at 14.8% of the 
overall mutual fund industry number. The total number of SIP account as on September 30, 
2021 was 4.49 crores. 
In the Equity-oriented schemes, Multi-Cap, Flexi-Cap and Thematic Fund saw the highest inflow 
while ELSS and Value funds witnessed outflow during this quarter.  
Debt-oriented schemes especially liquid and low duration funds had sharp outflows. Overall, 
the industry saw net outflow of Rs. 47,257 crores during the month of September. 
Let me share with you about UTI Mutual Fund numbers. I am extremely pleased to bring to you 
a notice that UTI AMC has completed a year since its listing on the stock exchanges. In this past 
one year, our company has exhibited solid progress registering a consecutive quarter of growth 
in quarterly average AUM. And we remain committed to enhance our abilities to grow 
sustainably stronger. The total assets under management for UTI AMC as a group registered a 
growth of 5.1% over the last quarter and 21% over the previous year and stood at 12.63 lakh 
crores as on September 30, 2021, I repeat our group AUM as on September 30, 2021 is Rs.12.63 
lakh crores as against Rs.12.01 lakh crores as on June 30, 2021. 
The quarterly average AUM for the July to September quarter for domestic mutual fund was 
Rs.2.09 lakh crore as against Rs.1.87 lakh crore for the quarter ended June 2021. The quarterly 

 
Page 3 of 14 
average AUM grew by 11.6% over the last quarter and witnessed a year on year growth of 
34.7%. UTI Mutual Fund quarterly average AUM market share stood at 5.77% of the mutual 
fund industry total quarterly average AUM for the quarter, an increase of 13 bps from the June 
quarter number. Our market share has gone up by 13 bps.  
The equity quarterly average AUM as on September 30, 2021, stood at Rs.63,177 crores, an 
increase of 60.8% over Rs.39,291 crores as on September 30, 2020. The market share of equity 
AUM stood at 5.2% for UTI Mutual Fund. The quarterly average AUM for the Index and ETF 
recorded a growth of 73% from Rs.30,679 crores as of September 30, 2020 to Rs.53,046 crores 
as of September 30, 2021. 
In the July to September quarter, UTI has added 2.94 lakh folios as compared to 1.03 lakh folios 
in the previous quarter. In the past one year, UTI has added 5.02 lakh folios taking the number 
of live folios to 1.14 crores as on September 30, 2021. The open-ended equity oriented schemes 
added 7.53 lakh folios while the close-ended schemes saw an exit of 1.92 lakh folios with a 
maturity of various closed debt schemes. 
UTI was able to capture 8.3% market share of the gross sales in the industry with our net sales 
turning positive to Rs.7,774 crores. Our ETF and Index fund net inflows constitute around 13.4% 
of the industry during the September quarter, while the equity fund net inflow for the period 
stood at 9.9% of the industry net inflows. 
The SIP inflows for the quarter ended September 20-21 stood at Rs.1,196 crores rising by 
18.54% over the previous quarter and by 57.4% from the corresponding quarter in the financial 
year 2021. The number of SIP accounts rose by 47% since September 2020 with over 18.16 lakh 
live SIP folios in September 2021.  
UTI SIP AUM for the quarter stood at Rs.17,389 crores, an increase of 12.02% as compared to 
the previous quarter at Rs.15,523 crores as on June 30, 2021 and 55.4% as compared to 
Rs.11,187 crores as on September 30, 2020. 
Keeping up with our commitment to deeper and bigger access to beyond 30 cities, 23% of our 
monthly average AUM for September 2021 was contributed from beyond 30 cities, whereas 
industry stood at 16%. 107 out of our 166 UFCs or branch offices are in the city beyond 30 
locations.  
The closing AUM for UTI Mutual Fund stood at Rs.2.17 lakh crores as of September 30, 2021, 
registering a growth of 12.1% for the last quarter and 43.6% since September 2020. UTI Mutual 
Fund overall closing AUM market share was 5.92% of the mutual fund industry, registering an 
increase of 16 basis points from the previous quarter. 

 
Page 4 of 14 
In August 2021, UTI Mutual Fund successfully launched the UTI Focused Equity Fund, an open-
ended equity scheme investing in maximum 30 stocks across market capitalization to generate 
long-term capital appreciation. The fund managed by Mr. Sudhanshu Asthana endeavors to 
build a concentrated portfolio of the stocks with potential of long-term sustainable growth 
while tapping into transformational opportunities. UTI Focused Equity Fund mobilized almost 
Rs.2,540 crores during the NFO period and added 1.54 lakh folios. 
I am pleased to bring to your notice and you have already been informed that Mr. Vetri 
Subramaniam is our Chief Investment Officer and Mr. Ajay Tyagi is our Head of Equity. We have 
also added talent in our Fixed Income company and Mr. Anurag Mittal has joined us as a Fund 
Manager and Deputy Head of Fixed Income. We will continue to strengthen our team in the 
fixed income. In our endeavor to achieve faster growth, we have incorporated certain strategic 
refinement in our sales team to enable better focus and resource utilization. 
During the quarter we witnessed a participation of 70 technologies startup forms in our flagship 
annual event, the UTI Mutual Fund Innovation Summit “Ignite” which provides them with an 
ideal platform to showcase their solutions and collaborate with UTI to solve the challenges we 
face. We selected two firms; “Dhee.ai” which helps to communicate better with the customer 
in their native language and “Bambu” for Robo Advisory for the event. 
Let me share with you about our subsidiaries: The AUM of UTI International has increased by 
112% from Rs.16,278 crores as on September 30, 2020 to Rs.34,576 crore as on September 30, 
2021. Our international clients are spread across 37 countries, the top five countries being 
Japan, Switzerland, France, UK and Israel. These are primarily institutions, pension funds, 
insurance, banks and asset managers. One of our flagship funds, the India Dynamic Equity Fund, 
domiciled in Ireland has an AUM of USD 1.10 billion and is being widely recognized 
internationally. During the second quarter, UTI International has posted net profit of Rs.65 
crores, a rise of 136% as compared to the corresponding quarter in the previous year.  
UTI Retirement Solution Limited has been managing the NPS corpus for the government and 
non-government sector. As of September 2021, the AUM is Rs.1,86,716 crores and has a share 
of 27.98% of the industry AUM. During the second quarter, UTI Retirement Solutions has 
posted a net profit of Rs.11.41 crores, a rise of over 1,000% as compared to the corresponding 
quarter of the last year. 
UTI Capital with the total AUM of Rs.1,136 crores, currently manages active debt fund like UTI 
Structured Debt Opportunities Fund which was launched in August 2017 and closed in May 
2019, having AUM of Rs.404 crores now. And UTI's SDOF II which was launched in September 
2020 having AUM of Rs.456 crores and is currently in fundraising stage as well as in the 
investing phase. IIDF having AUM of Rs.276 crores as on September 2021. During the second 
quarter, UTI Capital has posted a net profit of 40 lakhs, a fall of 18% as compared to the 
corresponding quarter of last year. We are building this company. 

 
Page 5 of 14 
Let me share with you about the UTI AMC Financials as a group: UTI AMC has financially 
improved on the back of the strong net flows and cost control measures we have taken. During 
the second quarter the company posted a consolidated net profit of Rs.199 crores, a rise of 
67% as compared to the corresponding quarter of the last year. The half yearly profit stood at 
Rs.354 crores. The operating profit margin as a percentage of AUM for the September quarter 
was 17 bps as against 16 bps for the Q2 of the previous financial year. Along with improvement 
in our operating profit margin, return on earnings of the company on a consolidated basis is 
25.1% in Q2 of this fiscal year. The PAT margin stood at 52% during the same quarter. Networth 
of the company on consolidated basis is Rs.3,360 crores as of September 2021. 
With this I would like to open the forum for Q&A, and I have with me my colleagues; Mr. Surojit 
Saha, CFO of the company; Mr. Vinay Lakhotia, Head of Operations and Mr. Sandeep Samsi, 
Head of Corporate Communications, Strategy and Investor Relations to take the discussions 
and conversations forward. I wish you and your family a very happy Diwali and thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi : 
The first thing that I wanted to understand. We have been seeing this across the industry that 
even though there is improvement in the asset mix for the domestic mutual fund wherein the 
equity as a percentage of portfolio is increasing but still we are seeing pressure on the yields, 
the realizations are coming down for the industry and of course we have seen the same thing 
for UTI AMC as well. So can you help us understand what's happening there -- is it because of 
the increasing competitive intensity or is it that we have moved to a different slab in terms of 
the TER in our flagship equity schemes, can you please help us understand that? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yeah, you are right, Equity and hybrid fund has a composition of overall asset has actually 
increased in industry as well as for UTI. For UTI also, equity and hybrid fund as a composition 
of asset had increased by almost around 400 basis points during this half year. However, in 
terms of yield we have been able to maintain our weighted averaging margin number at 43 
basis points, which has been charged over the last half year of 2020. Yes, I do agree there will 
be a some bit of pressure on the margin number going forward because as and when the newer 
asset is added to the AUM, which is yielding a slightly lower management fee, the overall yield 
will come down. Also, as you are aware, as and when the AUM of the fund goes up, the TER 
get reduces. So it might have a marginal impact on the overall AMC yield, but for the full 
financial year at least, we are confident that will be clocking a AMC margin yield of close to 
around 44-45 basis points, a similar number that we posted in last financial year. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Because of the size of the newer assets coming at a higher distribution cost, correct? 

 
Page 6 of 14 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes, but still we are taking a lot of steps including a reduction on commissions if needed and 
ensuring that the yield margins are being protected. 
Kunal Thanvi:  
When we see this particular quarter, there's a rise in employee cost on a QoQ basis as well like 
we've done some Rs.100 crores in the employee cost. We understand there are two things 
happening; one of course is that we are hiring and making our investment team stronger than 
what it was before, but we have also been talking about reduction in the employee cost and 
employee bill for FY'22 was expected to be lower than say FY'21. So can you throw some light 
what's happening there and like how should one look at the employee cost for the entire year 
and say next two years as well? 
Surojit Saha: 
I will go with the September '20 and September '21 figure, there is a difference of around Rs.6 
crores if you see our figures, mainly because of two count. One is you must be aware that UTI 
has been outperforming the industry growth, like industry has grown by 31% and our AUM has 
grown by 35%. Even on quarter-on-quarter, we have done better, like industry by 9.02% and 
we are at 11.6%. Because of this we had to give some spot reward to some of our employees 
who have performed well; so Rs.2.29 crores we have expensed for spot reward and apart from 
that Rs.2.50 crores we have provided additional for variable pay which I said in the last quarter 
also, last year we made a payment of Rs.30 crores, this year we have provided Rs.35 crores, so 
there is additional expense of Rs.2.5 crores, that is together is Rs.4.79 crores. Rs.1 crore is due 
to the actuarial valuation that is because in the March also the interest rate at which we valued 
our actuarial was around 6.45 and this quarter is around 6.25, so there is an additional cost of 
around Rs.1 crore and the balance is due to the medical. So this is the main cause of the reason 
why there is a difference of Rs.6 crores in the employee cost. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Kunal, you need to put the salary increase of our block and then you normalize it further. This 
is the salary increase which is around 7.5% for the industry and then we are managing our costs 
well. So there is a ESOP cost element here which is a non-cash item and also because of the 
incentive which we wanted to give to the people. And that is the reason we raised Rs.2,500 
crores and earnings which will come out of that we will be able to offset that increased cost. 
So we are managing our employee cost well now. 
Kunal Thanvi:  
From overall year basis like when I have to say compare FY'22 with FY'21 how should I look at 
it like on absolute basis we will see the same employee cost or we will still see a lower employee 
cost in FY'21 which we had talked about in the last conference call? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
See, the data which I've got in front of me, on the parameters which Surojit has explained to 
you the increase is only 3% right. Generally, the industry salary cost has gone up by 7.5%. So if 
we retain this number, it is far, far well under control right as we have now. We are not 
anticipating any further employee cost. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I just wanted some clarification on the yield side. So obviously there is a mismatch in terms 
of the AUM added at the rate at which it got added and the revenue growth rate. So I couldn't 
catch your comment that as and when the fund starts maturing and the fund AUM starts going 
up, the yield would eventually come back to 44 basis points or 43 basis points whichever is the 
number versus the erosion that we have seen now. So if you could elaborate there a little bit? 
Second, on the cost front, we had this retirement also ongoing. So sum total of all if you could 
give us what will be the employee cost number for FY'22 that will be very helpful, relatively 
comparing what is the growth rate that we have vis-à-vis with the other companies? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
I will take the first question. What I said on the AUM side as the AUM size grows, the overall 
TER comes down. So as per SEBI formula, Rs.5,000 crores increase in the AUM lead to a 
reduction of TER by around five basis points. In case, if we are able to pass on the TER impact 
to the distributor, the margin doesn't get affected. So there is a bit of pressure on the margin 
as and when the AUM size grows and over the last one, one and a half years our AUM of equity 
and hybrid fund have been actually growing. There is some bit of margin pressure as far as the 
AMC yields are concerned. Secondly, the point was as and when the older asset get redeemed 
and is replenished with the newer asset, the yields are different on the older asset as compared 
to a newer asset, that's why there is always a bit of downward pressure impact on the AMC 
yield. But having said that in spite of these two factors, we have been able to protect our AMC 
yield as compared to last year; last year our weighted average AMC yield was at 43 basis points, 
but the current AMC yield for this particular half year ended is also 43 basis points. For the 
whole of the last financial year, the yield was somewhere in the range of around 44-45 basis 
points. We are confident that we will be able to maintain the same yield number in spite of 
downward pressures on the yield because of these two factors that I've already explained it to 
you. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
If you could tell us on the newer funds what is the yield vis-à-vis the older AUM that we have? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
We are not giving any direction as far as the margin numbers are concerned, but generally the 
sharing ratio between the distributor and AMC is in the range of around 50% to 70% of the 
total distributable TER gets passed on to the distributor and the balance remain with the AMC, 
50% on the lower end of the curve which is the individual financial advisor and 70% to a national 
distributor or to a bank. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So between the newer funds which have been launched, from the yield perspective what used 
to be 44 basis points, the newer funds are getting launched at what, 10 bps differential or a 
higher differential, if you could just tell that? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Forty four basis points is the weighted average yield at UTI AMC level. And the newer fund as I 
told depending on the expense ratios of the fund and also depending on the kind of 
mobilization that we do. So, what I have stated you a number of 50% to 70% is the commission 

 
Page 8 of 14 
that gets passed on to the distributor of the total expense ratio and balance is retained with 
AMC. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I wanted to know what will be the absolute employee expense for this year versus what was 
spent last year? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Yeah, consolidated basis was Rs.380 crores. This year should be in the same range, depending 
upon how you perform, right. So if the performance goes better, then there's more incentive 
but revenue will also be better. So the cost-income ratio will be the most important thing to 
see, right. It all depends upon the performance of the individuals as well, but should be the 
same range bound. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
What is the variable portion in the employee cost? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Estimated is Rs.35 crores for the full year. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
My last question is post the IPO, now my guess is the lock-in for a lot of the banks would have 
got over in terms of their holdings and we know that T. Rowe Price has a differential holding 
structure in the asset management and a different holding in the Trustee company. Any 
progress or any changes or any developments there if you could help us understand? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
I am not aware of any changes. We have not received any communication. They are the 
sponsors and requirement of a sponsor is that 40% should be there with the sponsor. I have no 
comments to make on this and I have no information on this matter. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But have they increased their holding on the trust side in the 12 months? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
There is no increase in the shareholding in the trust company also, no changes in any 
shareholding by any one of them so far. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Viraj from Securities Investment Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj: 
I just have three broader questions. First is on the employee cost. So just to get my 
understanding, right, you said that on an overall basis we may be flat in terms of employee cost 
compared to last year. Am I right in thinking that way? If I look at last year we had around Rs.31 
crores of ESOP cost which this year would be somewhere close to 13, 15 crores, so in the first 
half also we have seen a drop in ESOP cost of around Rs.8, 9 crores already. Now I understand 
we are making some hire at the senior level and in terms of sales RM also in FY'21 as well. But 
if I just go back to our earlier communication, in terms of VRS or a certain number of people 
going into retirement and the understanding was that we will probably see some savings 
flowing through probably in Q2 or in second half. But based on your communication it seems 
that we don't see any of that savings. I am just trying to understand where is the disconnect 

 
Page 9 of 14 
here because improvement in employee cost efficiency and our productivity is one of the key 
levers in terms of growth and profit for us other than the AUM which we are focusing on? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
I don't feel the VRS is a point here for the discussion. What our team has shared with you earlier 
about the natural retirement of this one. So if you see the last year number it was Rs.380 crores 
as a consolidated number and if you take the average salary increase is 7.5-8% for any industry, 
it should be more than Rs.400 crores, right. We are giving an indication to you that it will be 
the range bound of the previous year. That gives the clear indications that there will be a 
potential saving. And as my team has also said that over the five years period, we are estimating 
a saving of 75 crores to 80 crores, and we stick to that, due to the natural attrition which is the 
retirement  
Viraj: 
Two questions here: One is based on our natural retirement schedule when do we see bulk of 
the savings are coming to us, just trying to understand is in FY'23, '24, majority of that Rs.70, 
75 crores where we must start seeing in? And second is we have already been giving a good 
amount of ESOPs and the idea earlier was that as those ESOPs also kick in the variable part or 
the performance incentive may also moderate, but based on what you are saying right now 
that is not going to be the case, so just trying to understand? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Most of the retirement will come from 2024, 2025 onwards, right, and in the next three four 
years will settle down. So far as the normalizations are concerned, variable pay or ESOP when 
we close the year we will give you a better picture on that. At this particular point of time we 
are only increasing the variable pay by some percentage, 30 to 35 crores and as you see the 
number, performance of the organization is very good which yourself have congratulated. So 
therefore we need to wait on the overall employee cost number. Whatever the indication 
which we are giving it to you I think we are very confident we will achieve the particular 
number. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
The first question is on the Retirement Solutions business. If I look at the AUM growth of the 
industry and the other two government players, on a closing basis sequentially it's been 10% 
for SBI and LIC but for UTI 6% and even if I look at from March ending perspective UTI is at 13% 
and the other two are at 17%. So what is the reason why we are underperforming in terms of 
AUM growth, is there any specific reason that we are getting a lower share of the incremental 
funds coming from the government organization? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Yes, we are getting a lower number for this particular half year. Hopefully, this number will be 
reset in the next quarter onwards. There's no specific reason for that 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Prayesh Jain: 
How would you say your yield will move on the international business front? I think we had 
indicated that the yield on the international or the offshore fund will move higher going ahead, 
but we don't see the traction in the numbers. So what is that can be expected on that side? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
I think yield has grown as we have given you the number in our presentation. If you see, the 
main fund, IDEF, the AUM has also grown. The real accrual will come from this on quarter-on-
quarter basis which is the growth. Yield on AUM has grown and hence it will further grow and 
we are not incurring any additional cost there. However I must tell you is we are opening our 
office in Paris to mitigate the risk related to the BREXIT. But we are not adding new manpower 
there, cost will remain flattish and the revenue will be more, so it will be also EBITDA. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Could you comment on how would you plan to grow your SIP book further, where you have 
seen a very strong term growth, any specific actions you're taking to ensure that the SIP growth 
is better? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
We are extremely focused to further grow on the SIP book. Our team is under the leadership 
of Mr. Peshotan Dastoor is deeply engaged in the sales team, we have got full-fledged strategy 
behind, we have tied up with all the banks, national distributors, MFDs across the country to 
grow the book and that is our key focus area. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Just to add some numbers, if you look at our SIP book numbers also, now our SIP count market 
share is close to 4%. We have also increased our SIP registrations now from 3.91% which we 
had last year to 4.32% in September. So as Mr. Rahman rightly pointed out that with the joining 
of Mr. Peshotan Dastoor as the Head of Sales and the focus that he is bringing in driving sales 
to SIP, we are very confident of improving our SIP book. If you look at my fintech participation 
also, I've got very good share which is coming from the fintech, be it PayTM or Groww or 
Kuvera, we have been improving our share and we are hopeful and confident that as I 
mentioned with the digital team, with the sales team in place I should be able to improve our 
SIP book from this fintech as well as overall SIP. 
Priyesh Jain: 
Just on this fintech part, could you give us some numbers as to what is the industry size and 
what market share we have there? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
If you look at the overall SIP count market that the industry has from Fintechs, it is around 
42,00,000. As I mentioned that we are improving our share. We have a share which is as high 
as 20% and that's low as 0.19%. So overall we have a share which is close to around 2%, 
Prayesh. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sahej Mittal: 
I had a couple of questions. So first was on the other expenses bit. So the last time we had 62-
odd million of an expense from retirement solutions business. So is there some change in the 

 
Page 11 of 14 
reporting this quarter, why such sharp drop in other expenses given that the revenue from 
retirement solutions has seen a growth? The second was on the other income bit. So the other 
income seems on a higher side given that last quarter had some one-offs from sale of 
investment in Big Basket. So what could be the explanation over there? And the third is the tax 
rate has seen some sharp drop. So what's the current balance of tax losses in the foreign 
subsidiaries and what should be the full year tax rate look like and how long we can take this 
kind of lower tax rate? 
Surojit Saha: 
Firstly, I would like to clarify even in the investor presentation we have given a note below line 
if you see that GST inter branch invoicing has been eliminated from both other income and 
other expenses being contra in nature and impact has been given in each of the slides. If you 
remember this we assured in the last quarter also and this was a requirement from your 
colleagues and everybody that we need to adjust this GST as a contra we show in other 
expenses as well as in other income. So this we have rectified in this particular quarter and we 
have given a proper note in the investors presentation. 
Sahej Mittal: 
So even the other expenses have dropped from Rs.50 crores to Rs.38 crores even after this…? 
Surojit Saha: 
If you see half yearly the other expenses has gone up from Rs.58 crores to Rs.96 crores 
expenses in H1 FY'21-22. This is mainly because of four reasons: One is already it was there in 
the last quarter that PLI RPLI brokerage charges, it is Rs.7.5 crores and Rs.9 crores trail fees for 
UTI International which is in tandem with the growth of AUM and Rs.10 crores is the PFRDA 
charges which we need to pay, if you remember five bps is the total fees, out of that 3.5 is the 
income from UTI Retirement and 1.5 is being paid to PFRDA charges, that is Rs.10 crores and 
another Rs.10 crores is because of the digital initiative - Bloomberg and Cloud and the NFO 
expenses. So this is the difference between that Rs.58 crore in half year '21 and half year '22 
it's 96 crores, Rs.38 crores difference is there. And in respect of your other income that is M2M 
and sale of investment, again, Ascent India Fund which we have investment in it, Robosoft, 
there was an exit, we got a good amount of money from that and apart from that Rs.558 crores 
of FMPs that got matured during this quarter. So that also has added to our income. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Could you quantify the number if there was an exit in this quarter as well? 
Surojit Saha: 
Gain from Robosoft exit is around Rs.28 crores. In respect of the taxes, this Rs.558 crores as 
well as this Ascent investment, there was a deferred tax reversal of around Rs.12 crores. Our 
deferred tax which has come in the capital gains tax, but there was Ascent Fund, Rs.5 crores 
loss which got adjusted, so effective tax rate has become 14% on a half year basis. Last year it 
was 18%. 
Sahej Mittal: 
What does the NFO pipeline look like for the UTI AMC? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
We are planning to launch two more funds at an appropriate time. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
Sahej Mittal: 
Any on the active equity side? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yeah, so we have a SEBI approval for launching a UTI Multi Cap Fund which will be on the active 
side and we will be launching it at an appropriate time. Apart from that we have plans to launch 
some of the other passive fund for which we have got approval. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Aman Shah from Jeetay Investment. Please go ahead. 
Aman Shah: 
My question is if we see our market share in active equity plus hybrid equity, it is around 5%-
5.5% while passive equity is around 13.5%, at the same time the we have a lot of flows coming 
from the passive side which leaves our market share in passive at 13% constant. So just was 
curious like how have the things evolved over the past where active market share is 5% while 
passive equity market share is 13%? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
That's because of the ETF allocation that we received under from EPFO, which they are 
investing into our NIFTY ETF Fund where we received allocation. Both the SBI Mutual Fund and 
UTI Mutual Fund received the allocation. Because of that, we do have a predominantly higher 
share under the ETF category of the fund. 
Aman Shah: 
My second question was in UTI Retirement Solutions. Our AUM has increased from some 
Rs.140,000 crores to Rs.180,000 crores, while the sale of services has increased a lot more from 
single digit crore to Rs.40-odd crores. Can you please explain? 
Surojit Saha: 
I told you that out of the five bps we are keeping 3.5 bps and 1.5 bps being paid to the PFRDA 
charges. So, straightaway there is a 7x jump on the fees. So it is totally based on the AUM but 
we have garnered and it depends on when that allocation and money has come to us. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Lakshmi Narayanan from ICICI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Couple of questions. On the international piece, there is a good jump in the AUM, it's almost 
doubled. So just want to understand what led to the jump? You also mentioned that some fund 
has been launched. So just want to understand whether this base can be sustained or it will 
improve as we exit FY'22? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
We have launched some structured product and it was the reason the AUM has gone up and 
from the last quarter the AUM of IDEF have gone up by almost $250,000 that is another reason 
for that and it is likely to sustain. 
Surojit Saha: 
The IDEF figure in '20 was Rs.2,672 crores which has gone up to Rs.8,090 crores. And apart from 
that our JSS Fund also is a new fund which has come in this particular half year, that itself is 
around 1,200 crores. Apart from that other Phoenix fund also we have gathered a lot of money 

 
Page 13 of 14 
in that; it's around Rs.10,000 crores. It's a different deposit fund like we have debt fund. So 
there also we got a big corpus. So overall from 16,200 crores, it has gone up to Rs.34,500 crores. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
What interventions we do to increase this, was it a scheme or that relationship which we struck, 
which is number one? The second is that from here when we actually look at for the full year 
any other schemes are going to be launched on the international front? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
We are planning to launch two funds during the second half in International side also. We are 
confident that we will maintain the momentum. It's all about the team; we have got a very 
solid team to take it forward. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
If I just look at your debt portfolio over the last six or nine months if I just exclude the money 
market fund and the liquid fund, it's broadly around 30,000 - 31,000 crores, it has actually 
broadly stabilized while the FMP rundown has not actually created a material difference in your 
non-liquid, non-money market fund. So just want to understand your plan, do you intend to 
increase it from here, why it's being quite stagnant on the debt front side if I just exclude the 
money market and liquid fund and gilt which are low yield products? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
On the open ended income category of the fund, the inflows has been positive now on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis both for Q1 as well as Q2. Infact, on the half yearly basis the inflows 
from open ended income category has been positive to the extent of Rs.883 crores. We have 
seen some bit of redemption under the close ended funds because of a low interest rate 
environment, there have not been a rollover of a fixed maturity products where we have seen 
redemption close to around 6,500 crores, but we are pretty confident that because of the 
uptick in performance of some of our flagship income category fund like UTI Treasury 
Advantage Fund, Short Term Income Fund, the inflows should be robust enough in next few 
quarters as well and we should be able to increase our market share going forward. 
Moderator: 
We take the last question from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Can you share some details on the distribution channel specifically on the banking side that we 
have been trying to take market share higher on that front because our scheme performance 
has been very good, so is there any development or any progress on that in this first half? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
As far as our equity funds are concerned, 61 out of 70 guided architecture platforms our funds 
are there in the banks and national distributors. So far our fixed income funds are concerned, 
37 out of 70 guided architecture platforms, our funds are there. It gives a clear indication that 
our relationship with the banks and our very consistent performance is helping us to grow our 
share of wallet with the bank and the national distributors. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Secondly, on the fintech side you mentioned your market share is 2% of Rs.42,000 crores that 
is lower than your overall market share of close to 5.8%. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Sandeep, what are we doing to catch it up? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
I would like to just correct myself. See, what I was talking about is the industry count, the total 
number of industry count is around 42,65,000, and of that SIP count we have a share of around 
1.9% to close to 2%. So that's what I was trying to hint at, at that point in time. So as Mr. 
Rahman said that we are taking initiatives to improve our market share in the SIP as we had 
earlier enlisted, and with the fintechs coming in strongly and their improvement and the kind 
of tie-up that we have, we are hopeful that we should be able to grow our market share and I 
had shared some numbers earlier which also suggests that we are seeing an uptick in these 
kind of sales that we are getting from the fintech players. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
2% market share is an overall SIP industry or is it SIP fintech industry? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
SIP fintech industry. If I look at my overall count share, it's around 4%, while I'm talking about 
the fintech industry it's around 1.92%. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Because your fund performance has been very good. So ideally your market share should be 
higher. There is no involvement of a distributor there. If the funds are performing well, then 
automatically your market share should increase in the fintech segment. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yeah, I agree with you, Nidhesh. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
We are looking to achieve that growth.  
Moderator: 
That was the last question. I now like to hand the conference over to you for closing comments. 
Mr. Rahman, thank you. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you very much to all of you for your participation and for your support. In UTI 
management, me and my team will be fully committed to take care of the interest of all the 
stakeholders, we are fully committed to continue to be a professionally managed company and 
we are there to support our partners, our MFDs and distributors and we are here to create the 
wealth for our investors and thank you very much, wish all of you a very Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of UTI Asset Management Company Limited that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining with us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
