(aN. 
NUVOCO VISTAS CORP. LTD. 
NUVOCO 
Shaping a new world 
Ref. No.: Sec/123/2021-22 
November 17, 2021 
  
  
  
    
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Exchange Plaza, C—1, Block G, 
Street, Fort, Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Scrip Code: 543334 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip ID: NUVOCO 
Trading Symbol: NUVOCO 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Investor and Analyst Conference Call pertaining to the Financial 
Results for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 
Further 
to 
our 
letters Sec/104/2021-22 dated October 21, 
2021, Sec/112/2021-22 
and 
Sec/114/2021-22 dated November 
10, 
2021, 
attached herewith 
is the transcript 
of the 
Investor and Analyst Conference 
Call 
held 
on 
November 
11, 
2021 
pertaining 
to 
the 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2021. 
The same is also being made available on the Company's website at www.nuvoco.com. 
This is for your information and records, please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
Jy - 
Shruta Sanghavi 
VP and Company Secretary 
Nuvoco Vistas Corp. Lid. 
Registered Office: Equinox Business Park, Tower-3, East Wing, 4th Floor, Off. Bandra Kurla Complex, LBS Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai 400070 
Tale 
12 O17 
SN"*\ 99 COONCL11 
1 
wew. 
1 ft 
sSNYV 
ADA PrAARrerAN 
1 
1:8), 
ee 
es 
ee

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Nuvoco Vismtas Corporation Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nuvoco Vistas Corporation 
Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participants’ 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Gavin Desa: 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us for Nuvoco Vistas Corporation 
Limited’s Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today the 
Managing Director – Mr. Jayakumar Krishnaswamy; the CFO – Mr. Maneesh 
Agrawal; and the Chief of Strategy & Marketing – Ms. Madhumita Basu who will 
represent the Company on this call. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made or discussed 
on the call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks that the Company faces. The Company does not undertake to update 
them. A statement in this regard is available for reference in the presentation 
shared with you earlier. We will begin the call with opening remarks from  
Mr. Jayakumar Krishnaswamy who will share perspective of the business model 
and strategy for the Company. Post this, we will open the forum for an interactive 
Q&A session. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Jayakumar Krishnaswamy to share his views. Over to 
you sir. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Thank you very much, Gavin. Good evening to all the participants in this Nuvoco 
Vistas investor call. I am joined by Maneesh Agrawal, our CFO and also 
Madhumita Basu who is the Chief of Strategy and Marketing, and she is also the 
Chief Investor Relations Head for the Company. And I am pleased to introduce her 
to all of you. She will be the single point of contact for all the interactions with the 
investors and analysts with our Company. Of course, myself and Maneesh are 
always there to support her. But I just want to assure you that we have a full-
fledged department now, and Madhumita has been working in this Company for 
almost 12 years, handled a variety of functions in sales, marketing, R&D, 
innovation and now strategy along with the investor relations. So, she is exco 
member for the Company, and that's how we have placed the investor relations 
department as a very important function for the Company. 
Now coming to this quarter call, I would start by recapping the vision for our 
Company. The vision for our Company is to build a safer, smarter, and sustainable 
world and the mission for Nuvoco is to become a leading building materials 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Company delivering superior performance. The values for our Company are very 
core to our heart i.e integrity, entrepreneurship, collaboration, care, and operational 
excellence. The vision, mission, values are the guiding force for the Company. 
Let me start with an overall demand review of the cement industry in the country. 
While the overall demand in the country improved over the last year, for some 
unique reason, which I will explain later, the east region witnessed a decline in 
demand. Following are the principal reasons: we had heavy monsoon in the state 
of West Bengal for a number of weeks in Quarter 2. We also had a cyclone impact 
in Orissa during the month of August, and then above all our principal market 
Bihar, where there was a sustained sand availability issue due to ban on sand 
mining and to cap it all in the state of Chhattisgarh there has been a 40-day 
transporter strike which hampered the entire industry. All this severely impacted the 
regions demand, while every region in the country has some kind of a growth in 
Quarter 2, East was the only region which had a de-growth of close of 9%. 
However, post Diwali, Dussehra and now yesterday Chhath Pooja which is an 
important function in East India, we are optimistic that the improved demand 
numbers will happen for the balance period of this fiscal. 
Coming to the outlook for this industry, all of us know that push by the Government 
for infrastructure , focused on expressway construction, the DFC implementation, 
Metro projects, airports  will propel demand.  Also, there's going to be a significant 
pickup in the infrastructure activity backed by the National Infrastructure pipeline 
which is likely to see the healthy traction in terms of new projects and execution in 
medium term. Furthermore, the rural housing demand is going to be robust in the 
coming quarters, backed up by the robust kharif harvest. All of you know the 
agriculture income has improved significantly in this quarter; it's contributed well to 
the GDP growth of the country and with a healthy procurement program by the 
Government of India supporting the farm prices we would see a heightened 
housing demand in the rural and the semi urban areas of India. And, with the 
vaccination increasing, more people are returning to offices and economy growing, 
we see an improved demand offtake in the coming five months. 
Moving on to the prices. While in the earlier call, I spoke to all of you about the 
price increase which happened across the board in Q1 vis-à-vis Q4, however in Q2 
prices reduced significantly in East to the tune of about 5% over Q1 actuals. 
All of you would know last quarter had a marked fuel crisis. We have seen in all the 
televisions and newspaper about the impending coal prices in the country where 
coal was not available for a significant period. At a global level, China shutting 
down its coal mines, Russia curtailing its supplies, the overall coal supply was 
severely impacted and more importantly with the flooding and monsoon, most of 
the coal mines in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, region were all flooded, and coal 
extraction became a serious problem in this quarter. As a result of this most of the  
steel, cement and other infrastructure companies had to go to the model of 
imported coal which resulted in inflation of coal prices to about 70%, and in the pet-
coke to the tune of around 40%in September 2021 over April 2021 levels. Coal 
supply in India was impacted  due to low production, extended monsoon and 
priority to power sector. Things are improving,Coal stocks which had reached to 
about 2-3 days of availability about 4-5 weeks ago, has improved to 6-7 days and 
by end of November and December the coal stocks in the country will reach to 
about 16-17 days and things will return to normalcy. The resumption of proper coal 
supply by middle to  end of December should help the industry as well as the 
economy. 
The third one which I am going to talk about is the transporter strike in Chattisgarh. 
We had a problem last year in March, there was a transporters’ strike and again it 
happened in the month of August and September. This time around, the strike went 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
for a long period of 40 days. And, with this kind of a strike in the state, it severely 
impacted the cement industry because all the big players were operating out of 
Chhattisgarh and the road transport of clinker and cement were severely impacted. 
Finally, the strike got resolved sometime in mid-October and 20th of October we 
had to agree for a 12% increase in freight costs. This is over and above the 13% 
increase in freight cost in the month of March. So overall, it is about 25% increase 
in the freight costs which typically is going to impact the industry anywhere 
between Rs. 70-100 per tonne only for that market not in the entire region. 
However, when dispatches could not be made, we took strategic decision  of 
operating the kilns while factoring the required annual maintenance. 
So, happy to report that at the end of the quarter as well as currently as we stand 
today, we have over 0.75 million tonnes of clinker in stock with the Company which 
is sufficient for nearly 1.5 million tonnes of cement and when the demand is going 
to kick start it’s going to really help the Company. During the last call, I reported 
that in Q4 of last year we could not supply the market because there was a clinker 
shortage because of 100% capacity utilization. With this kind of clinker stock which 
we have as well as the production resuming from now until March of next year, we 
really expect adequate clinker available for Nuvoco to capture the market growth 
which is likely to happen. 
Coming on to the cost pass on. The above cost pressures of coal, transport and 
other cost lines cannot be sustained by the industry and in October, we had a price 
increase of Rs. 15 to Rs. 20 per bag in East and Rs. 10 to Rs. 15 per bag in North 
over September. With the maximum impact of fuel cost increase going to happen in 
Q3, even this kind of price increase which we have taken in October is not 
sufficient. And in my view, we need to further increase prices to offset the impact of 
fuel inflation. 
Moving on to the project SPRINT. We spoke about the synergies between the two 
companies. We have named this project as Project SPRINT. And this flagship 
project is to build synergies between NVCL and NU Vista and has been yielding 
results under various buckets of logistics cost, clinker transportation cost, 
procurement synergies and adopting the best practices between the companies. 
Other than this, there are two other projects which I spoke to all of you in the 
previous call. One was launch of Double Bull in markets in North India other than 
Rajasthan. This product has been very well received in all the markets of Gujarat, 
Haryana, Western UP and Western MP without cannibalizing the sales of the 
original product Duraguard and it's going to really help us move from the non-trade 
into trade, that was one of our goals in North India. 
The second one was to conserve clinker and venture into the markets of East with  
composite cement. I spoke about the inability of NVCL in the past to make 
composite cement and with the acquisition of Nu Vista we now have plants in 
Jajpur, Panagarh and the expansion in Jojobera. All these three plants are now 
capable of making composite cement. I spoke about the target last time of 
achieving 1 million tonnes of composite cement. Happy to report that the 
transformation of composite cement has already happened in these three plants 
and the market has received our product we hope to achieve the goal set for us. 
Nuvoco takes  pride in its  innovation capability. Our vision says safer, smarter and 
sustainable world. As part of offering smart solutions, we launched three new 
products in this quarter. One was the Zero M water shield 2K in the MBM range. 
And second was the Speedex Tile Grout. And the last was Germicheck in the putty 
segment. With health consciousness triggered by Covid, we found an opportunity 
to innovate with an anti-microbial wall putty which helps fight bacteria.  

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
I now move on to the overall financial performance of the Company. In terms of 
revenue, sequentially from Q1 to Q2 volume declined and this was anticipated, Q2 
is always the monsoon quarter and volumes in Q2 is always lower than the Q1. But 
more importantly with the East being significantly impacted and Nuvoco has got an 
exposure of close to 70% of sales from east, so volume had an impact. Overall, if 
you see the east markets dropped by nearly 9%, but we stayed flat vis-à-vis last 
year's Q2 numbers. 
One of the important things for us for building revenue has been getting a pricing 
acceleration program going for the Company. I spoke about the thrust on premium 
products, improving geo mix in key states. Happy to report that we improved the 
premium share of the Company from 31% to 34% in this quarter which  helped us 
kind of offset the impact of price drop in Q2 versus Q1. When the market dropped 
prices by about 5% the impact on pricing in Nuvoco was only 3%, the benefit 
coming out of the focus on premium products, getting the Double Bull right in north, 
getting composite cement and also focusing on geo mix. 
Coming to the cost elements of Q2 performance. The first one is about the raw 
material cost. We have clocked a Rs. 551 per tonne in Q2 lower than Q1 which 
was Rs. 555 per tonne. Our teams did a wonderful job on the raw mix optimization 
and delivered the raw material cost target for the Company. 
Coming to distribution cost. The Q1 number was Rs.1,343 per tonne. In Q2 we 
achieved Rs. 1,298 per tonne (despite Chattisgarh strike impact) aided by the 
Project SPRINT savings led by cross sourcing, markets in proximity to plant  and  
clinker rerouting via Sonadih.  
On the power and fuel cost, Q4 of last year our Company did Rs. 854 per tonne. 
Q1, we went to Rs. 917, Q2 we did Rs. 1,008, in Q3 its likely to increase by 
another Rs. 200. One of the things which I hope and believe is after the coal 
scenario in India improves, the linkage coal will increase in India. And you are all 
are aware that we have a unique advantage of 27% of linkage coal for the 
Company. As against that in Q2 we did only 12% of linkage coal and that should 
improve in Q3. With this linkage coal if and when it gets restored in Q3, our teams 
are working closely with SECL on this. By middle of December, we should get coal 
from SECL quickly. If that happens, Q4 is estimated  to be a better quarter for us, 
but I foresee Q3 to have inflated coal prices. 
Coming to the capex for the Company. In this quarter we spent about Rs.120 crore 
of capex. The projects in Arasmeta has been commissioned. Jojobera trial 
production has happened on CPP. The grinding unit in Jojobera is commissioned. 
Also, happy to report two key projects for the Company was the debottlenecking of 
clinker. In Risda the target was to increase from 10,500 tonnes per day (TPD)  
11,500 tonnes per day. During the shutdown, we did most of the modifications on 
the kiln and the kiln is already delivering 11,000 TPD. The other one is the 
debottlenecking of Nimbol kiln from 4,500 TPD to 5,500TPD. Very pleased to 
report that earlier this week, we did the Bhoomi pooja. The equipment has been 
ordered, the mill is ordered and then the technical studies have been done. So, this 
project has now started this month and it will take about 15 to 18 months for the 
kilns to be operational. The other kilns which were debottlenecked in the last year 
are all giving full capacity. Chittor is operating at 6,000 TPD, Sonadih line two at 
6,000 TPD and Arasmeta at 5,250 TPD. 
As regards to the deleveraging and IPO proceeds deployment, we have been able 
to deleverage the Company to about 0.6x in this quarter. And currently the net debt 
to EBITDA stands at about 3.1x end of September. In terms of IPO proceeds 
deployment in this quarter, we deployed Rs. 605 crore to square off some of the 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
borrowings. And then the balance Rs. 745 odd crore will be paid in H2 of this year 
and that's part of our object clause in the IPO. Some of these loans mature in 
February, March and then that's the time when we will repay because earlier 
prepayment would lead to some penalty and that's already disclosed in IPO 
document. We are following what we have mentioned to the regulatory authorities. 
Coming to the sustainability. Sustainably continues to be a key agenda for the 
Company. Currently we are in the process of validating our carbon emission by an 
external agency. A detailed roadmap to reduce carbon emissions is in the process. 
However, I would like to reiterate, we are on an accelerated ramp up on carbon 
footprint reduction actions. Number one, all of us know all our kilns are equipped 
with WHR and we are one of the best in the industry with around 2:1 power to 
cement capacity. In terms of alternate fuel Chittor plant is running at 16% alternate 
fuel. And happy to report, we just signed a capex for Risda and Nimbol to start 
work on alternate fuel. On the green footprint we are committed to tree plantation in 
all our sites. And on the CO2 reduction our Company is one of the best blended 
cement ratios, the CK ratios at 1.7 is better than the industry. 
On the CSR front, we continue to operate in all the plants, work with the 
stakeholders in the local communities to demonstrate commitment to the agenda 
there. 
With this, I end my opening remarks. I open this floor for Q&A, and we will answer 
all your questions which you have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP Mutual Fund.  
Vivek Ramakrishnan: I wanted to know about your debt and deleveraging plans well into the future. You 
had given guidance till March. You had taken a lot of debt and you have kind of 
taken it out via liquidity even. But going forward, what is the kind of leverage that 
we can expect in the Company in terms of we can say it in terms of debt to EBITDA 
or whatever ratio that is convenient for you. And how much capex, do you see in 
terms of going into FY23? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
I think we are consistent with what we spoke in the IPO. Our debt for the Company 
at the end of September is Rs. 5,718 crore and the net debt to EBITDA ratio as I 
spoke a little while ago is 3.08x. Our target is by March 31st this fiscal, our debt 
should come to about 2.2 times the EBITDA. On a long-term basis we are looking 
at FY26 where we will become a debt-free Company. In terms of the capex which 
we are deploying for the Company in FY22 our target is Rs. 550 crore out of which 
about Rs. 230 crore we have already spent in H1, the balance ones will happen in 
H2. The next year in FY23 we are looking at a capex Rs. 1,5250 crore, that's what 
we spoke during the IPO. That involves the groundbreaking of Gulbarga and 
starting our work 18 months post the listing, Along with that the debottlenecking of 
Risda, Nimbol as well as Sonadih line 2 will happen. One of the things which we 
spoke during the IPO, was the Bhabua expansion from 0.8 to 2 million tonnes. 
There we are in consultation with the State Government. The entire project is 
dependent on whether the Government is able to give fiscal benefits to us. We will 
take a decision of starting work in the state only after we get a formal go ahead in 
terms of fiscal benefit.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhra Dwivedi from SBI Life.  

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Shubhra Dwivedi: 
Out of the Rs. 1,750 crore* capex you mentioned lined up for FY23, how much 
would be for the Gulbarga project and how would be for the debottlenecking 
projects? 
 Maneesh Agrawal: 
The overall capex over the next five years that was talked about during the IPO 
roadshows was Rs. 4,750 crore out of which around Rs. 550 crore will be spent 
this year and around Rs. 1,525 crore would be spent next year out of which the 
major portion would be towards the Gulbarga expansion line of around Rs. 3,000 
crore. 
Shubhra Dwivedi: 
And my second question was, so at the parent level Niyogi level, is it now 
completely debt free? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
 Rs. 3,500 crore has been transferred  to Niyogi and then Niyogi has become a 
debt free Company. 
 Shubhra Dwivedi: 
And it would have given some loans to Nirma, or it would have passed the surplus 
through dividends? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Niyogi has become a debt free company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital.  
Amit Murarka: 
Wanted to understand your cost and margin. There seems to have been a sharp 
jump in cost on a QoQ basis. While I understand the increase in power fuel rate in 
those line items, but even then, the increase is much higher than what we see for 
industry. So, is it to do more with the regional players, why the cost are looking so 
different compared to 1Q? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Let me just take all the cost elements one at a time. The first one, which really 
impacted the Company was obviously the fuel price impact. During my opening 
remarks, I spoke about the power and fuel cost. Q4 of last year we were one of the 
best in the industry at Rs. 854 per tonne. That was like benchmark in terms of 
comparison to all the peer group companies. However, in Q1, this Rs. 854 became 
Rs. 917 due to slow escalation of the coal cost. However, as the quarter 
progressed in Q2 it became Rs. 1,008 per tonne, a good Rs. 100 increase over Q1. 
That's the kind of impact which we are having. In October, the fuel prices further 
increased to over Rs. 1200 per tonne and the rates at which the inflation of coal is 
happening, it might even touch a good Rs. 200 more than Q2 actuals. All thee 
prices have either doubled or even tripled in some cases and added to the fact that 
the non-availability of coal internationally and ocean freight rates being very high 
these days. And right now, there is a mad rush by all the companies to book 
material at any cost because if the industry has to run, we need coal to run kiln. So, 
the objective for all of us is get the kiln running, make the clinker so that when the 
season comes you are not caught with no clinker. Hence, we have taken a decision 
to buy coal even though it is expensive. Fortunately, in the last two to three weeks, 
there is some softening of pet-coke as per the international coal reports, I am only 
hoping this will get moderated in the coming six to eight weeks. But the biggest 
thing our Company is banking is the linkage coal which I spoke a little while ago. 
We are uniquely placed at about 27% of our coal requirement in the East from the 
linkage coal, which came to 12% in Q2 because of collieries never supplied coal to 
us. But our team is now sitting as we speak with SECL management to supply coal 
to us. As when they open the collieries, they will have to give first benefit to our 
Company so that by end of this month, beginning of December, we will start getting 
coal from SECL. That was the first reason of fuel impact. The second was the 
diesel price increase, which used to be Rs. 76 and all of us know diesel reached 
Rs. 100 in the last one month. A little bit of softening has happened in the last 10 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
days, but it increased the distribution cost in Q1 to Rs. 1,343 per tonne. So, these 
are two important points. The third important point is a fixed cost increase. Here 
again, it's a very strategic tactical point which we did in Q2. When the demand had 
dropped in the market and also with this strike in Chhattisgarh, we took two 
decisions, one to run all the kilns, second to get the annual shutdown going for all 
the kilns because when the demand was not happening, we kind of took a decision 
to fix all the kilns. We have six kilns in the country, five out of six kilns have already 
been reconditioned or annual maintenance done for this year. We don't expect any 
further shutdown in the balance five months. Hence, this quarter had higher fixed 
cost impact due to the higher shutdown cost. So, these are basically fixed cost 
impact from shutdown, diesel impact in the distribution cost and the coal impact in 
the power and fuel cost, that's the basic reason for inflated cost numbers in Q2. 
Amit Murarka: 
So, now that the Government has reduced the duties on diesel and the prices have 
come down by almost 18%-20% will the Chhattisgarh negotiated tariff with the 
truckers stay or will that now be reduced again? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
That's a wonderful question. I am not going to stick my neck out and say whether 
we will get this thing or not but when we did the agreement with the transporters it 
was clear that when we resolved the strike we agreed for a particular component of 
diesel as part of the overall escalation. I think, Nuvoco believes that hopefully other 
companies also are on the same wavelength that whatever we are agreed in terms 
of percentage diesel linkage through overall freight increase, diesel cost comes 
down the freight cost has to come down. That’s going to be our line of discussion in 
the coming period.  But we will have to take it in a spirited manner with the trucking 
companies in Chhattisgarh.  
Amit Murarka: 
Just a last question, what was the clinker production in the quarter? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
We will discuss off line, if you are okay with that? 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of the Pinakin Parekh from JP Morgan.  
Pinakin Parekh: 
My first question is basically trying to understand prices and margins. You said that 
there was a price hike in the month of October. Can you give us a sense what was 
the quantum of the price hike vis-à-vis the September average cement prices? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
So, what has happened is the prices started getting corrected from about 5th 
October and all the way multiple times during the month. If you really look at the 
overall price per bag, it can be to the tune of different states had different prices, 
the wholesale prices got corrected in Bengal to the tune of about Rs. 23, Bihar it 
was about Rs. 30, Orissa Rs. 16, Jharkhand Rs. 30, Chhattisgarh Rs. 24. But you 
would know, all this did not happen on one day. It happened from early  October all 
the way till 31st of October. So, the less impact of price for that month was close to 
about Rs. 10 to Rs. 15 per bag correction which happened in East and about Rs. 
10 to Rs. 12 correction happened in North. So, that's the kind of impact on the 
volumes in that month. But now after the festivities have ended and the markets 
have opened, we will get the full benefit of all the price increases which will happen 
during the month. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Now just putting those price increases in the context of the second half, you said 
that coal cost will be higher, but you will have some price improvements, you will 
have some volumes. Can we expect the EBITDA per tonne which fell very sharply 
in the second quarter versus first quarter to go back above Rs. 1000 a tonne in the 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
third and fourth quarters or you think that the cost inflation is just too high, and the 
price increases will not be able to offset it. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
It will be very difficult for me to put a number at this point of time because of the 
dynamic situation in the market in terms of fuel cost. But that's only one part of the 
answer. All of you would listened to every company’s result call and you would 
have seen that every company the EBITDA erosion from quarter on quarter is 
almost this kind of numbers which we have faced. We faced a little bit more 
because we are a East focused Company and pricing also really played a negative 
part for us in Q2 as compared to Q1. Having said that the correction in prices will 
certainly reinstate the profitability of Company to a much higher level than what we 
achieved in Q2. But I am going to keep my fingers crossed at this stage. If the coal 
prices are going to continue to be at October levels, then I think the numbers which 
you indicated will happen. But if the coal prices are going to be further inflated, by 
Rs. 200per tone odd then certainly it demands further price correction in the month 
of November, and I think as a Company, we have to really focus on getting the 
prices right in November to ensure or restore profitability in Quarter 3. Quarter 4, I 
see much better quarter in terms of demand upliftment as well as more stability in 
the market. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
My last question is you mentioned that on the FY23 capex target of Rs.1750 crore*. 
Does this mean that the Company is not looking to de-lever next year because  
Rs. 1,750 crore* essentially will eat up all your operating cash flows even if we 
assume Rs.1,100 of EBITDA per tonne  
Maneesh Agrawal: 
Basically, the operating cash flows would be significantly higher than what the 
capex requirement would be there. So obviously it is going to help us deleverage 
going forward in FY23 from the FY22 level. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
But the operating cashflow being higher, what is the underlying assumption of 
EBITDA? I mean at Rs. 1,000 EBIDTA per tonne, it will not be high enough to do 
both the capex and deleveraging, right? Then the assumption is that the EBIDTA 
per tonne is much higher than this. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Pinakin, we have spoken in the past during the IPO time as well as the Quarter 1 
results. One of the things we are not looking at is that there are a number of 
aspects which we considered as part of the Company's strategy and business plan 
over the next few years. The number one was getting volume leverage for the 
Company and fixed costs rationalization as we move from the last year's actual of 
17.3 million tonnes to this year's target which is close to about 20 million tones and 
then next year, we are looking at close to about 23 million tonnes. That's the kind of 
numbers which we work and hence now the big impact is going to be the volume 
impact. The second one, which we also discussed during the IPO was the cost 
inflation will be neutralized by the big price increases which the industry will get. 
Albeit there is lot of conversation about whether we will take it straightaway, 
whether the industry would benefit or not, but I think whatever we said at that time 
has come true. Industry certainly will take the price increase, I’ll talk on the quarter 
later. Our assumption at the time was Rs. 475 of price increase and Rs. 350 of cost 
increase and we said the impact of pricing should be about Rs, 75 to Rs. 100 per 
tonne. That was one big assumption which we had made. Second one was the 
volume impact. The most important thing for Nuvoco is the internal levers and the 
synergies coming out of NU Vista and Nuvoco. There we had a clear target that the 
internal levers to the Company will give anywhere between Rs. 150 to Rs. 250 per 
tonne. And what was the agenda we spoke about; one was to get composite 
cement.  Second was to get price acceleration program  which gives Rs. 70 per 
tonne due to premiumization. The third thing we said was Rs. 50 per tonne will 
come on through SPRINT savings, Rs. 50 through fixed cost impact. Rs. 25 will 
come through incentive. Currently, as we speak, we are not able to get the fixed 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
cost impact because the volume has not got built up during the weak quarter in Q2. 
I think as a Company and a management, we are confident that demand will come 
back very soon in the coming 1 or 2 months and certainly we get sustained in Q4 
and beyond. Last but not the least is the huge infrastructure thrust as for the rural 
housing improvement which I spoke about in my initial remarks. The demand is 
going to go in the industry from 6% to 8% East being the fastest demand growth in 
the region in the country at 9% to 10% followed by North and Centre. Nuvoco 
operates in East, North and Centre and we are looking at a sustained volume 
growth. So, with the volume growth happening, cost impact neutralized by the price 
increases, scale benefit and unlocking the internal levers to the Company. We 
were targeting to move EBITDA from Rs. 975 per tonne actual last year, all the way 
to Rs. 1,200 per tonne is what our business plan made. We continue to have 
similar assumptions. We still have a robust and a challenging agenda which the 
Company's focused to deliver. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital.  
Shravan Shah: 
Just continuing the previous question, when we are saying that we are looking at 
20 odd million tonnes for this year, so in the first half we have done 8 million. So, 
we are looking at 12 million odd in the second half, so close to 6 odd million per 
quarter. So, till now whatever October and November – 11 days, are we on track in 
terms of achieving that number? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
I am not going to kind of make a number where we will hit the year, but certainly I'll 
be able to tell a few points which are very important. First thing is I spoke about 
sand mining ban which impacted in the state Bihar, the entire industry was 
prepared. So, happy to report, the Supreme Court judgment has come to reopen 
the sand mining and Bihar will open up. Monsoons are over in Bengal, and Bengal 
is opening up after the Durga Pooja and Diwali. Strike is over in Chhattisgarh. 
Chhattisgarh demand gets reinstated. Jharkhand post Chhatt pooja will get 
reinstated and Orissa will certainly get reinstated as we speak. Last but not the 
least, the markets in Gujarat, Rajasthan Delhi, Haryana, western UP all are 
opening up as we speak. With this kind of number last year in Q4 we did 5.6 million 
tonnes and I have spoken in the past also that we were having a clinker shortage 
and most of the companies in need had to get clinker from other states. As we 
speak, we have close to about 0.75 million tonnes of clinker in stock because in the 
weak quarter, we continued to run the kiln and stock up clinker in all our plants. 0.7 
million tonnes of clinker would produce roughly around 1.4 or 1.5 millon tonnes of 
cement. With this kind of head start which we have, what we will not have is what 
we faced in Q4 last year. Coming back to what we will do in Q3, of course October 
ended and November with this festivities getting over and with markets opening up 
2 days ago. The next , 50 days is going to be very critical for Nuvoco as well as for 
the industry and I really hope and expect that the demand is going to get a full 
momentum going forward. As we thought whether we will hit 20 odd million or not, 
idea is delivering around 2 million tonnes every month for 6 months, 1 month is 
already gone so I guess it will be little bit lower than the original number, but our 
aim will be to maximize from December until March. 
Shravan Shah: 
Second question is on the working capital front so in the first half if I look at the 
cash flow, close to Rs. 674 odd crore went into the working capital. So, the thing, 
what I am trying to understand the capex that we are looking at, second is, are we 
also planning the deleveraging and here the working capital is increasing. So, put 
together, just trying to understand how are we looking at to actually go for a de-
leveraging? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
I will make the first two comments and Maneesh will give you the relevant details. 
The current working capital level is a very practical move by the Company to block 
all coal available, wherever it is available to stock up coal. The second one was we 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
also took a tactical decision to buy slag. All of you would know that the slag prices 
had gone up to as high as Rs. 1900 per tonne and Rs. 1800 per tonne and when 
the weak quarter was happening, we took a call, we have a strategic tie up with 
Tata Steels at a preferred price and when the steel industry was moving on, we 
decided to get all the slag which was being made even though were not consuming 
which is going to help us in Q3 and Q4. So, we built up slag inventory, we built up 
coal inventory. As I spoke to you, we built up clinker inventory to the tune of 0.75 
million tonnes. And last but not the least, in the last 3 to 4 weeks, we also built-up 
cement inventory to tune of 0.35 – 0.40 million tonnes. All this is resulting into high 
working capital which will all vanish in the next 5 to 6 months. From 1st April we will 
have very low working capital and we will have the right leveraging to pay back all 
the loans as well as invest on capex next year. 
Shravan Shah: 
Just to get what you said in terms of building up the inventory but if I look at the 
trade receivables, there also around Rs. 321 odd crore has increased. So, can you 
explain that? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
That will happen because last 2 months if you see the Trade is also struggling. So, 
I guess we have to be very considerate and work with the channel partners 
because we are all in it together. So, I guess it's been a conscious call not to kind 
of push them, but I think the channel partners really work well in the industry. We 
have got a wonderful relationship with them. Once the market opens up, all these 
things will come back because we operate close to about 10-11 days receivables in 
the East and about 3 to 4 days receivables in North. Slightly increased by 2 days 
now but as all of it will vanish. I think the panacea to all this is once the sales 
happen everything will come in order. 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
Just to add, our receivables in cement side are backed by security deposits. As a 
strategic call, inventory of clinker, cement and coal were built up. In normal course 
of business, as Q3 and Q4 volumes improve, the inventory will get consumed 
leading to free cash flow arising out of reduction in working capital which is part of 
cement cycle.  
Shravan Shah: 
The third thing is on the RMC front. So, this quarter, our RMC revenue has 
increased on QoQ from Rs. 131 odd crore to Rs. 182 crore but if I look at the EBIT 
level loss, it has increased from Rs. 6.5 crore to Rs. 9.3 crore. So, 2-3 things just 
wanted to understand, first in terms of what was the volume for this quarter in 
RMC? What is the EBITDA margin that was there? So maybe if you help me in 
terms of the depreciation for RMC, that would be great. How do we now see in 
terms of the RMC revenue picking up and when can we see the RMC turning 
positive? 
 J Krishnaswamy: 
I will give you part answer right now but in terms of granular details of numbers, if 
you are okay, we can discuss off line. But certainly I'll give you the high-level stuff 
of RMC. In Q2 of last year of FY21, we did 159, K Cum of sales. Q1 this year we 
did 323, in Q2 it became 424. Every quarter RMC business is doing better than the 
previous quarter in terms of revenue. The overall revenue was Rs. 71 crore in Q2 
FY21, Rs. 131 crore in Q1 FY22 Rs. 180 crore in Q2 FY22. We had an EBITDA 
loss of Rs. 12 crore Q2 FY21. We've come into an EBITDA positive of Rs. 3 crore 
in Q2 FY22. As I mentioned before in the earlier calls, it's going to be a little bit of a 
gradual process for us to get the RMC business going but we have totally 
restructured the business, wound up some of the plants which were not 
economically feasible, but we also got into new businesses like we are now a big 
supplier for the bullet train HSR project in Surat. We also signed contract with Oil 
India in Numaligarh to supply to them. We're also going to supply concrete to 
Chennai Metro out of the Chennai plant. We also got about 35% of the business on 
cash and carry and there's a huge thrust on getting premium products going. Last 
year we used to trend it about 20%-21% of premium products. This year we are 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
already trending at 25%. Our goal in Q3-Q4 is to go to 28% and 30%. We are able 
to get the premium product going, focus on cash & carry business. Our goal for this 
business in Q4 is to hit around 200 KCum per month which will be around 
600,Kcum in Q4, and the aim is once we start this out, the scale will basically 
improve EBITDA for this business and result  EBIT will come automatically.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kamlesh Parmar from Prabhudas Lilladher.  
Kamlesh Parmar: 
One question on the strategic side, like we are looking to put up a green field plant 
in Karnataka but if you see our north portfolio, I do know that it needs to be our 
much bigger player and we are among the top 3. So, in case of North, our market 
share is between around 3.5% odd. Rather than looking at the North market, we 
are going to set up a Greenfield plant in a crowded market like south, so what is 
the thought process there? Rather than expanding in the north market, where like 
say we would be among the lowest in the top 3 players. Like at par with Mangalam 
Cement or India Cement, which is not a focus player in that market, then why we 
are going to Karnataka. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Let me just explain to you, I think in the previous calls, in the quarter calls as well 
as in the buildup to the IPO, we had a very clear-cut plan of how Nuvoco is going to 
grow and become a 25 million tonne Company in the coming few years. That's 
been the ambition for the Company, and we have made a roadmap for this journey. 
First, we said was at this point of time, whatever capacity we have in East, we will 
only debottleneck and not kind of put up any more capex in the short to medium 
term. The next one was Gulbarga which technically can be called in Karnataka, we 
all know Gulbarga is on the tip of Karnataka and Maharashtra. The ambition of the 
Company is to enter the Maharashtra, Gujarat market out of IU or spilt GU unit 
from Gulbarga so that the plant is not to serve the south market. The plant is to 
serve the Center and Maharashtra through the western market where all of us 
know pricing and realization is pretty good. The last one you asked about why not 
north, of course, north is very much in our plan. Our first foray is going to be an 
expansion in Gulbarga, backed by further expansion in north India. Why are we 
taking north as step two and not step one is for the following reason. In north India, 
we had a capacity utilization till last year of only 70%. In East we have a capacity 
utilization on 90%-95%. In North India we have capacity utilization of 70% odd. 
What we did was to get Double Bull brand in north India and put a second brand 
along with Duraguard to get that additional capacity utilized by selling in a new 
brand, which I spoke a little while ago, it’s been a wonderful entry for us in markets 
other than Rajasthan where we have not yet launched. Every market, Double Bull 
is galloping. Secondly, to get the additional requirement in north, we are 
debottlenecking the Nimbol plant about 1000 tonnes per day, additional capacity 
which I spoke about groundbreaking and in the next 15 to 18 months, Nimbol will 
come. With this kind of 6,000 TPD Nimbol plant and 6,000 TPD Chittor plant in 
terms of clinker, we're looking at 12,000 TPD of clinker availability in north. Our 
ambition is to move from OPC to PPC. Whereas in north it is about 35%-65%. Our 
aim is to move from OPC to PPC, move from non-trade to trade, get Double Bull 
going in north and that would take the overall capacity of the Company from current 
4.8 million tonnes to all the way to 6 million tonnes in this next 1 to 1.5 years. By 
the time we get this growth and a capacity utilization done, our sequential 
expansion in north will stop. The first one is, get Gulbarga right, launch in 
Maharashtra, Gujarat through split grinding model and expand in west followed by 
a step into the north expansion. 
Kamlesh Parmar: 
Would we be putting at the grinding unit to service the Gujarat market? I haven’t 
seen any companies taking the clinker right from Gulbarga to service the market of 
Gujarat. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
J Krishnaswamy: 
I didn't say that we are going to put up a grinding unit in Gujarat. We will put up a 
grinding in an appropriate location which will have fiscal benefits in Maharashtra 
and hence if you really look at cement industry, you get the radius of 180 and 250 
kilometers at the clinker through a railway siding and then get GU up and that GU 
will have another 150-kilometer radius to transport the material. With this model of 
having a GU somewhere in Aurangabad, Ahmednagar and such kind of various 
work is happening right now. Too early for me to say where it will come. Certainly, 
we have mines in Gulbarga so we will have to put the site there. The environmental 
clearance is approved, mining plan approved and railway siding work is largely  
happening, compound wall done, and mines are opened. So, it more or less ready 
for us to use this mine. Then on we get into north Maharashtra, Vidarbha area and 
east Gujarat towards Surat, that’s the area we are looking at.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities.  
Sumangal Nevatia: 
I just missed few details. So, which year do we plan to complete the Gulbarga 
Greenfield project, if you could just say that again?  
J Krishnaswamy: 
In our business plan we had said, we will start construction in Gulbarga 18 months 
post the listing. So, our listing happened in August, 18 months would be end of the 
next year, which is Q3 FY23 and then on we are looking at 24 months for the plant 
to come up. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Second on some other cost items, like slag, fly ash, is it possible to share some 
recent trends? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
We had shared details last time around as well. But in terms of slag details let me 
just give you some indication, some information which is useful. We have a slag tie 
up with Tata Steel. Overall, we have a long-term 20-year contract with Tata Steel 
till 2039. I won't be able to divulge the exact price because of commercial 
considerations which we have with Tata Steel but suffice to say it comes with a 
substantial reduction to the current slag price in the market. The best price 
currently trending in the market is Rs. 1200 per tonne and the worst price trending 
in the market is Rs. 1600 to Rs. 1800 per tonne. We have pricing which is much 
better than the best price trending in the market in terms of slag for 20 years and 
that's a great relationship which we have with the Company. The second one is fly 
ash. In 2 sites, namely Mejia plant and as well as Jojobera plant, we have  fly ash 
coming from Tata Power as well as Damodar Valley Corporation and there the cost 
of fly ash is much lower than what anyone would buy from open market. Likewise, 
in the Bhiwani Plant we have a tie up to get preferential fly ash rates. Other than 
that, rest of the fly ashes as much as what others buy from the open market. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
I understand the security of the raw material but in terms of price trends, at least if 
the market price trend if you can suggest for slag which you said is Rs. 1200, how 
has this moved in the last few months? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
I think you really look at the slag price trends for the industry, I think it is all moved 
from Rs. 1600 to Rs. 1800 to Rs. 1900. But for our Company will be blended rates 
of what we get from Tata Steel and what we buy from open market, trending price 
is close to about Rs. 1100 is what in the Q1 and Q2 of this year. But you would 
know that the slag prices are little bit exorbitant in the last 6 to 8 months. I think 
already the prices are softening as we speak. In fact, in number of auctions, we 
have kind of renegotiated with some of the slag suppliers and not going to book at 
the prices which they are offering. I think because the demand was also little bit low 
for cement in Q2 because of monsoon and the slag prices already softened, our 
view is maybe by the end of November- December it should come to reasonable 
levels and not certainly at Rs. 1900 per ton level where it's not worth it to buy slag.  

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
My questions pertain to first on the Chhattisgarh strike impact on sales volume for 
the second quarter and how has been the impact in Q3 because we understand a 
similar number of days the strike impacted inthird quarter also? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
I'll talk about Q2 certainly because in Q2 certainly Chhattisgarh strike impacted the 
industry and certainly companies like ours and 2-3 other companies  who  are 
basically road-based companies bore the full attack other than companies  who 
had rail connectivity from other states into this. Even though we had Arasmeta and 
Sonadih which has rail connectivity but then Risda which is a big plant for us. Our 
estimate is we had lost about 1 lakh tons of sale in the month of September alone 
and that backed up by a similar kind of number in October. But October is not big, 
not too much of an impact because the entire industry was crippled by huge 
monsoons and sand mining in states like Bihar and other states, but certainly in 
September we got impacted and it had a negative impact in the overall top line.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
Secondly you talked about that you took a clean shutdown across almost all the 
locations, Why is that the per ton other expense costs number for this quarter has 
jumped to almost Rs. 800 crore versus average of Rs. 600 core in the preceding 4-
5 quarters. Any thought on that, is it all because of the clinker kiln shutdowns or 
something else we intended? That is what we're trying to understand. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Two big reasons, one as you associated, I think shutdown is a big one. In fact, 
shutdown cost of similar quarter last year Q2 FY21 was about Rs. 37 - Rs. 38 crore 
whereas the shutdown cost in Q2 FY22 is Rs. 62 crore. So, about Rs. 25-Rs. 26 
crore increased in this cost versus last year. The second, we also commissioned. 
the CPP projects in Arasmeta and the trial production for Jojobera CPP was carried 
out. The depreciation cost increase by about 6 to 7 crore in this quarter. Last but 
not the least, the packing cost went up significantly versus last year to this year, 
last year it used to be about Rs. 140 per ton. It went as high as Rs. 220 per ton, 
currently trending at Rs. 205 per ton. These were the big-ticket items which 
impacted the various cost lines 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Some of these only Rs. 75-80 odd will come off in third quarter versus second 
quarter? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Shutdown will go away, packing costs I can say because granule prices again 
taking the same direction as fuel prices globally. Hopefully that comes down 
granule prices will also come down but certainly shutdown cost will go away in Q3. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Two more questions, on the debt reduction what is the target for FY22 now that H1 
is done?  
J Krishnaswamy: 
As said earlier, our target is 2.2X is the net debt to EBITDA ratio end of March 
2022 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Net EBITDA ratio 2.2 at the end of FY22. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
End of FY22. That's the target we are working on.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
This is on the net debt level you are talking about. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
That's it. Net debt level. 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
This synergy Rs. 150 per ton for this year and Rs. 100 synergy benefit for next 
year. If you could elaborate how much of these have been achieved?  
J Krishnaswamy: 
We thank you for asking this question. I was waiting somebody would ask that 
question. In fact, one of the most satisfying thing for us is all our teams have been 
able to get the synergies going between the two companies, we said about Rs. 150 
this year and Rs. 100 next year. We are on track in the last 6 months. I think it's 
only going to increase once the volumes come and then we're able to push a lot of 
materials through the factories. I guess this number of Rs. 150 is still achievable. I 
think the teams are committed to acknowledging the benefits which will come up in 
the next year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyajit Jain from Ambit Capital.  
Satyajit Jain: 
A couple of questions, on the volumes it seems Nuvoco outperform the entire 
softness in East in the quarter. Was it taking market share in this region or was it 
diverting some higher volumes to central compared to normal run rate and the 
Company has also built a significant inventory indeed there is a debt deleveraging 
target, there is working capital that the Company would want to release? If the 
demand doesn't play out as expected would the Company like to take some market 
share, be aggressive in taking some market share or maybe look to divert some 
volumes to central India market just for the working capital release also and in 
taking the debt targets that we have in mind? That’s the first question. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
The first thing I'll say about you asked about Q2, how did we get the volumes? 
Certainly, I think we are very mindful of distribution cost and lead distance and 
getting the EBITDA per ton right. At no point of time, we will move cement to long 
distance. It's just not attractive and spoil the EBITDA for the Company. That's a 
core assumption and target for the Company, not to sell cement for the sake of 
selling. We have core markets like Jharkhand, Bihar, Bengal,. These are part of our 
strategy called BBJRM. We have to maximize sales in Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, 
Rajasthan, and western MP and these are the markets that Company consistently 
works to get the maximum throughput going. That's what we adopted in Q2. I think 
the teams did a wonderful job to buck the trend in this market and still achieve the 
volumes 
which 
we 
achieved 
in 
this 
market.  
There is no way we will go and sell in states which are not close to us and incur 
additional costs just to get some market share in other places. Suffice to say, this 
was a temporary quarter where the number is 3.8 million tones but if you see 
Nuvoco always operates with close to 95% capacity utilization and then when the 
markets are going to open up there is no case for us to even take material away 
from  the home markets like Chhattisgarh plant or Jharkhand plant. We focus very 
close about 150-200 kilometer radius around the plant to maximize sale. As 
regards to your second question of its higher working capital with  so much of 
cement and clinker will we be tempted to move material to non-core markets to 
deleverage the Company?  I have to say that at this point of time as a senior 
leadership of our Company I'm pretty confident that going forward markets will 
grow. Q4 is estimated  to be a bonanza quarter. I think all the stocks will vanish in 
the next 5 months. 
Satyajit Jain: 
Second question is on the projects. On the Gulbarga. first of all,  has the 
management taken some decision around whether it's going to start with 6,000 ton 
per day initially and another 4000 ton per day later on or is it going to be 10,000 ton 
per day and is there capital cost inflation because earlier we talked about Rs. 3,000 
crore for a 10,000 ton per line and to you is it is the number the same? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
During the IPO time we did speak about 10,000 TPD line but we've not made any 
shift in terms of whether it goes from 10,000 to 6,000 ton or not, but if you had 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
participated in those calls certainly similar questions were posed to us at the time. 
Our answer at that time was very clearly that we need to have capacity in this place 
but closer to the time when we embarked on a technical study and the business 
model going which will happen in the next 1 or 2 months, we'll come to a decision 
whether a 10,000 TPD Gulbarga is right for the Company or a 6,000 TPD to start 
with the ability to expand to 10,000 TPD. Maybe two cycles from now when we 
meet we'll be able to give you better clarity on whether we are going to zero down 
on a 10,000 TPD or 6,000 TPD. 
Satyajit Jain: 
Is there capital cost inflation right now where you sit for 10,000 ton per day that you 
initially expected Rs. 3000 crore? 
J Krishnaswamy: 
No, it has nothing to do with capital cost is going to decide whether we will do over 
a 10,000 TPD or 6000 TPD. Certainly, I think we have started working on the 
modeling of markets, ability to get EBITDA per ton, what's the contribution we'll get, 
what is going to be distribution, but the teams who are currently working on this 
business model and the target markets whether it’s an IU or IU plus split GU which 
are our core market. I think it will shape  within 3 to 6 months, I think by the time we 
can go for next cycle or the  cycle after that we'll be able to give you what is the 
plan for Gulbarga but suffices to say that we are going to expand in Gulbarga. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question, I now hand the 
conference to the management for closing comments. 
J Krishnaswamy: 
Thank you all for participating in this call. As I said the vision for our Company is to 
build a safer, smarter, and sustainable world and the mission for Nuvoco’s to 
become a leading building materials Company delivering superior performance. the 
values being integrity, operational excellence, entrepreneurship, collaboration, and 
care. These are the cornerstones for our Company. We arethe fifth largest 
Company in India and the leading  Company in East India with acquisition Nu 
Vista. But for this short temporary dip in the market because of extraneous  
conditions, I think as a Company we are well on our way to unlock value between 
the two companies, get the synergies going and then aggressively developing the 
market by launching new products, launching composites cement, getting double 
bull and work on moving our non-trade to trade share. Higher trade share is in line 
with our strong focus on sustainability to reduce the carbon footprint year on year. 
That in short is our presentation to all of you. If there are any further questions you 
may have, do reach out to our Chief of Investor Relations Madhumita Basu and the 
team will be happy to answer all your queries and myself and Maneesh will always 
be there to work with Madhumita to answer every question of yours. Thank you so 
much and look forward to meeting you again later. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription extract and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been 
edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy. 
*Correction on Capex for FY 23. Capex to be read as Rs. 1525 Cr instead of Rs. 1750 Cr 
 
