I 
ORGANICS LIMITED 
Ref: MOL/2021-22/31 
November 29, 2021 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai 400 051 
SYMBOL:- MOL 
Dear Sir, 
BSE Limited 
Floor- 25, P J Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code:- 543331 
Chemistry of Success at Work 
Sub.: 
Transcript of Conference call held on November 23, 2021 to discuss 
Meghmani Organics forays into new variant of White Pigment Titanium 
Dioxide (TiO2) 
Dear Sir, 
With reference to our earlier intimation vide our letter No: MOL/2021-22/29 dated 
November 19, 2021, we are enclosing herewith transcript of conference call held on 
November 23, 2021 to discuss Meghmani Organics forays into new variant of White 
Pigment Titanium Dioxide(TiO2) in accordance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The said transcript is also available at www.meghmani.com in the investor section. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Meghmani Organics Limited 
(Formerly known as Meghmani Organochem Limited) 
Jayesh Patel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem.No:A14898 
Encl: As above 
CORPORATE & REGO. OFFICE: "Meghmani House", Behind Safa! Profitaire, Corporate Road, 
Prahladnagar, Ahmedabad-380 015. Gujarat, (INDIA) Phone No.: +91 79 71761000, 29709600 
E-mail: helpdesk@meghmani.com Site: www.meghmani.com CIN: L24299GJ2019PLC110321 
(Formerly Known as Meghmani Organochem Limited) 
A.Government Recognized 
4 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Meghmani Organic Limited 
Conference Call on its forays into new variant of White Pigment 
Titanium Dioxide (TiO2)” 
 
November 23, 2021 
Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. I am Aman, the moderator for this conference. Welcome to 
Conference Call of Meghmani Organics Ltd to discuss its foray into new variant of white 
pigment, titanium dioxide. The management of Meghmani Organics Ltd is represented by Mr. 
Ankit Patel – Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Darshan Patel – Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Gurjant 
Singh Chahal – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Bharat Modi – Investor Relations Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. At that time, if you 
have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Patel. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you Aman, Good afternoon, everyone. I hope you had a chance to go through the 
presentation and the press release on our foray into new white pigment titanium dioxide. 
Meghmani Organics has strengthened its value-added proposition of its pigments division, 
which is entry into white pigment titanium dioxide. The Company's foray into titanium 
dioxide is in line with our vision of creating sustainable growth in the pigment division beyond 
phthalocyanine pigment blue and green. If we talk of India titanium dioxide production, it is 
around 80,000 tons per annum and the demand in India is currently about 250,000 tons and 
it is growing at more than 4% CAGR. India import more than 80% of this titanium dioxide. 
Meghmani growth plan is aligned to the government's making India an Atmanirbhar Bharat 
vision as titanium dioxide is an important substitute product. Meghmani Organics will set 
India's largest titanium dioxide at the hedge with the production capacity of 33,000 tons per 
annum. The Company will incur a total CAPEX of nearly 400 crore, and it is expected to 
commence commercial production by Q1 FY2. The aforesaid project is likely to contribute 
approximately 700 crore to Meghmani top line on full year of operation basis. The Company 
EBITDA of nearly 25% from this project. The project boast high ROCE and ROE to the tune of 

 
Page 2 of 12 
(+20%) each. Meghmani Organics titanium dioxide project will be funded by a mix of internal 
accruals and debt. 
With this, I request the operator to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global , please go 
ahead. Rohit your line is unmated. Please unmute your line and go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Now so if you could just give us a broader understanding about you said that 80% of titanium 
dioxide is important. So, from which all countries, it is being imported. Is there any threat 
from China if you know from the pricing perspective just to give a sense of the industry 
dynamics and obviously, it is an import substitute, so that logic certainly predates, but sense 
on how the demand supply has been there in the domestic market and how the growth rate 
has been from different segments. Thank you. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you Rohit ji. First to answer the major imports come from China followed by USA, 
Australia, Mexico, Tiawan various countries. Now, regarding the mainly the China factor issue, 
now, there is no fear factor here because the thing is the key raw material for this is a 
naturally occurring raw material, ilmenite ore, so, be it China or India we are at par as far as 
the raw material is concerned. So, it is not going to make any impact. So, in the while we will 
be coming up with a project in India in fact, we will have upper edge. As far as the demand is 
concerned currently the demand is 250,000 tons and majority is being imported. There is 
import duty of 11%. There is no anti-dumping duty as of now, but the duty for the titanium 
dioxide is around 11% and if we talk about the application, the major application is into paints 
coatings, which is about 60% market, plastic polymer about 25% market and balance is with 
the other segments and it is growing at more than 4% CAGR. So, with such a high base 4% 
CAGR growth is quite good growth and it is also growing in the global market. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, got it. So, the other question is in terms of raw materials where are we going source it 
from the domestically and how the sourcing arrangements will be it is not available 
domestically. 
Ankit Patel: 
It is available both domestically as well as imported and it is easily available. Currently also 
the players which are the manufacturing in India, they are relying on both import as well as 
domestic. So, availability of the raw material is not an issue. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, got it and one last clarification in terms of technology for this. So, is this in-house 
technology or are we taking it from some other player? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, we are already in touch with the technology supplier. We have already discussed with the 
technology supplier. So, we are relying on the technology supply. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra Finance. 
Please go ahead. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Yeah, so, my question is like titanium dioxide as you have explained and we also know this is 
one of the key raw materials of paint industry and like, there is a lot of demand for titanium 
dioxide and most of that is being imported for a very long time. So, what is the reason that 
not much competition here, number one and second coaching mineral, I suppose have some 
capacity, I don't know whether it is the same grid of that of us or not. So, who are the current 
player who are producing in India? This is the second question and if you answer this, then I 
will have few other questions. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you. Subrataji. So, you rightly mentioned that the Indian paint market is growing very 
well. In fact, large group like JSW and Grasim Birla group, they are also entering into the paint 
segment and they are investing, Grasim is investing 5000 crore CAPEX they are going for the 
paint segment. They are going to commission in the FY 23. So, you can imagine the large 
corporates are also entering into such segments. So, there is a very high growth in the 
domestic paints and plastic segment. They expect about 10 to 15% growth in this segment. 
So, that is going to help titanium dioxide. Why nobody has entered into titanium dioxide 
project that's a good question. The thing is typically it comes under pigment and in the 
pigment for the conventional pigment like phthalocyanine pigment, azo pigment they are 
small players. Most of them are not conventional players. They are relatively small, who don't 
have capacity to invest heavily. This project is a high CAPEX and a technology-oriented 
project. So, that is why I think nobody thought of it going into till today, but we were from the 
very beginning we were eyeing this project and at the right time we are entering into this 
project when government is thinking making India an Atmanirbhar Bharat policy. So, I hope I 
answered your question. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Sir, is there any current player sir as I mentioned like Cochin Mineral has relevant titanium 
dioxide or not. 
Ankit Patel: 
There are currently three players in India which are actively manufacturing one is the Kerala 
Minerals, one is the Travancore Titanium Products, and one is a VV Titanium Private Limited 
public sector unit government. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Sir, one question on the technology side I suppose you may not disclose the name of the 
player, whom we have done the technology tie up, but if you give some as you told like this is 
a technology intensive closely guarded technology. So, if you can help us to give some 
comfort on the tie-up which you have done on the technology side like how reliable they are, 
how old they are or like some color on that sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Subrataji, when we are investing such a high amount we have done thoroughly good due 
diligence on the technology front. At this juncture, I won't be able to share much detail about 

 
Page 4 of 12 
the technology supplier. I'm sorry for that, but yes, the technology software which we have 
selected is a reliable and they have provided this technology in other companies in different 
countries and it is a proven technology. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Okay, sir, last question like when we are talking about like commercialization from Q1 FY24. 
Like we are expecting to start commercial production from FY 24 number one and like what is 
the like, how much time we are expecting. Once we start production, how much time we are 
expecting to like fully ramp up. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, so, we are planning to do the commercial production in the Q1 of FY24. Initially, because 
it's a new project and the new technology we and we need to do the market development 
also parallelly. So, we hope that in the first year we should be able to run the plant for about 
50% capacity and later on in the second and third year we should be taking it to 80 to 85% 
capacity utilization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pravin Sharma as an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Pravin Sharma: 
Yeah. Sir, what I could understand as basically there are there are two modes, one is the high 
CAPEX requirement for TiO2 and the second is the technology which is very technology 
intensive. These are the two broad modes, which will be applicable in the titanium dioxide 
industry. Now, as raw material is very easily available, as you pointed out the technology 
provider whom we have signed, do we have any kind of exclusivity at least per se for 2, 3, and 
4 years initially or like you know, if the demand supply gap is too large and everything is 
imported, more or less than the existing suppliers are mostly PSU suppliers, then will they not 
sell it to somebody else the technology and more people will get into like what happened in 
the paint industry? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah. The technologies of supplier with whom we have signed the contract is there is a 
security agreement and there is a agreement for about few years where we can have a 
security as far as competition point of view. Now regarding the PSU companies taking exit, I 
think yes, sooner or later government is doing disinvestment from the various businesses, but 
currently their focuses is into P2 big companies like LIC, BPCL and various more. So these are 
very, very small companies, where government as of now is not focusing on and these 
companies are, you know, typically government run Company where they are not expanding, 
where they are not giving any technology. It's very orthodox companies, they just stand still 
with whatever capacity they are manufacturing. So at this juncture, we don't see any big 
competition creating any problem and if at all any competition comes then also there is a 
huge gap, you know, because there is a large import already happening and there is a 
relatively good growth happening in India. So, there is no issue, but we are not hearing any 
big Company coming with the good CAPEX in the titanium dioxide in recent time. 

 
Page 5 of 12 
Pravin Sharma: 
Ok and sir how this CAPEX be funded, we have lot of you know, renewable convertible 
debentures from fine cam which money which we have to receive. So, will it be used for this 
purpose or how will it be funded currently. 
Ankit Patel: 
Pravinji as of now, we have a good cash reserve available with us. So, for this project what we 
have targeted about 30% of our reserve will be used as an equity, 70% will be taking the debt 
for this project. 
Pravin Sharma: 
And this will be directly under the Meghmani, MOL only, this will not be through subsidiaries. 
Ankit Patel: 
So, see there if at all the subsidiary comes then also it will be 100% subsidiary of Meghmani 
organics LTD. We are evaluating that as well because under the new tax regime there is a 
little bit of tax rebate available so we are evaluating that. It will be 100% subsidiary. So, you 
can say as good as Meghmani Organics Ltd. 
Pravin Sharma: 
And sir, going forward, this will be our line of expansion in segments of because more or less 
we are done or we plan to have something there also or this is the more or less line of 
expansion now. 
Ankit Patel: 
See the much bigger market is into titanium dioxide. So, if we will settle with the first phase 
of expansion, we will have a good hands on the technology and the plant utilization and 
definitely the first target would be expanding into the same segment again and again because 
there is a huge-huge opportunity. 
Pravin Sharma: 
And my last questions does Tio2 have you know the market have customer stickiness like 
sample approval and things like that and after that, the buyer actually sticks to the vendor 
who supplies him who samples are approved or this is more of a you know less of customer 
sticking as more of a commodity come or a specialized chemical industry is concerned. 
Ankit Patel: 
For any pigment quality plays a very important role. So, definitely the sample approval and 
everything the vendor selection from the customer size is always a proper. There is a system 
they follow, but it is not that they stick to the only one supplier if they find the right quality 
product from different suppliers and then definitely they will give priority and as I mentioned 
that you know in this time when the logistics supply chain is a very disturbance oriented thing 
there is a 11% duty also and if the product is readily available in the Indian market, that 
Indian companies will first give the priority to the Indian suppliers. That is what we believe if 
we supply the right quality product with the right pricing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Monika Arora from Sharegiants Wealth. 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 6 of 12 
Monika Arora: 
So my first question is the new project which is titanium dioxide project, would it be a 
greenfield project or a brownfield project? Brownfield expansion sir? 
Ankit Patel: 
Monika Ji, we are evaluating both options. 
Monika Arora: 
Okay, okay. Okay. So you'll be able to update it at a later stage. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, we will be able to update it in the next few months. 
Monika Arora: 
Okay and if you can tell me that the margins that we are currently having, which is around 
like 25% kind of margins, is it sustainable at consolidating level? 
Ankit Patel: 
Because it's a high CAPEX project. Normally as you know that in the high CAPEX projects, the 
margins are relatively better and we have done last five to seven years market analysis and 
looking at from raw material sides and as well as the market sales price point of view and 
looking at our five to last five to seven years analysis we see that average with the margin 
comes to about 25%. So on consol pigment level basis, because currently the pigment division 
which is pigment blue and green generates about 13 to 14% better margins, this will be high 
bit margin product. So both put together on an average, we expect pigment division should 
generate about 17 to 18% EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hemant Kanungo as an individual investor, 
please go ahead. 
Hemant Kanungo: 
I want to know like, since you're coming up with this project, so do we have any like of cost 
competitiveness, like there's comparison to other Indian players or maybe other Chinese 
players. 
Ankit Patel: 
As I mentioned, regarding the cost of the key raw material, you know, from the raw material 
point of view it's a naturally occurring raw material that is ilmenite ore and the second raw 
material is a sulfuric acid which is one of the key raw materials in Gujarat and particularly in 
Dahod there are you know, in just about 15 km radius, there are many sulfuric acid suppliers. 
At the same time, if we are looking at the import of ilmenite, then the nearby port Hazira and 
all. So, which is again about 60-70 km from the Dahod. So, not too far and so raw material 
ability is not an issue. Second thing it's a relatively power intensive project. So, power 
availability in Gujarat because the power surplus state that is no problem and we will be 
looking at some other options also from the power point of view where we can have our own 
power to reduce the manufacturing costs further. So, looking at all this factors we believe 
that there will not be much problem. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
Hemant Kanungo: 
Second is we already selling pigments do we have the similar clients out maybe the same 
client for this existing pigment or a totally different set of clients like customers for the 
titanium dioxide. 
Ankit Patel: 
It is more or less the same set of clients so that is why we have selected the project because 
we've been in touch with various of our customer base and they were constantly telling us 
that this is a very good product the demand is very good and there is always in cycle where 
the shortage comes and so they were insisting that why don't we enter into this segment. So 
if we just talk about the market that you know from the various color like blue, green, red, 
orange, yellow, or about seven types of pigment different colors, all market put together is 
equal to one single white pigment. So you can imagine that you know, how big is the product 
and anything what we see white in the paint of in the house majority of our paint base is a 
white paint base, in the automobile segment, car segment the majority color what we see is a 
white color. So you can understand there is a huge demand. The base is always a white for 
any set of the say any set of the shade, what we select in the house, you know normally the 
base is white then they add other different shades of the pigment and make different shade 
of the paint. So the base is always a pigment white paint and in the white paint the titanium 
dioxide will be used. So the demand is tremendous and it is keep on going to grow. So it is a 
good thing for the industry. 
Hemant Kanungo: 
I am saying that sir yesterday you had signed an agreement with the Gujrat government for 
an investment of 2009 or 2600 crores. So, is this project under that commitment? 
Ankit Patel: 
Correct and so titanium dioxide is one of the projects what we signed and the vibrant Gujrat 
which is going to take place in January. So we signed the contract in front of the Gujarat Chief 
Minister. We signed the MOU that we are coming with this project. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav from Bowhead India. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav: 
Hi, sir thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I joined a bit late to the call. So, it might be 
repetitive. So, this project you are doing it is under the parent Company or you're putting 
some subsidiary to undertake this project. 
Ankit Patel: 
Gaurav because the government has come up that new manufacturing Company entering 
into manufacturing will get 15% tax benefits. So, there is a tax advantage. So, for that, we are 
evaluating that we will form 100% subsidiary Company of Meghmani Organics Ltd and this 
project will come under that subsidiary Company. So, that we will get tax benefit. 
Gaurav: 
Okay, okay, great and so, besides this project, you know, are there any other projects that we 
are working on which you alluded you know, in Q2 calls or is this a project that you were 
alluding and there are no other projects that are on our Company. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Ankit Patel: 
For the pigment division, this is going to be the key project, which is in pipeline and for the 
agrochemical division, the project which we have already announced about 300 crore CAPEX 
for the multipurpose plant that is already going on. So, as of now, for both the division we 
have a key project in the agro about 300 crore CAPEX in the pigment about 400 crore CAPEX. 
Gaurav: 
Okay sir, in the pigment we had a target of 1000 crores. So, this will ensure that we reach that 
target. So, Is my understanding correct or this is over and above the 1000 crore target. 
 Ankit Patel: 
Absolutely correct this with this kind of the CAPEX it will help to grow the pigment division 
more than 1000 crore in top line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from 
HDFC securities, please go ahead. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Can you tell us the current domestic production approximately of the titanium dioxide and 
also the how much we import. In your presentation you mentioned that 2,50,000 is the 
current demand and it is expected to go to 3,00, 000. So, how much is the current production 
and how much we import. 
Ankit Patel: 
So, currently the production in India is close to 18,000 ton. And the market size what we have 
explained in the presentation is about 250,000 tons. So, majority of the demand is being 
imported in India. The import is happening from China, USA, Australia, Taiwan, various 
markets. And the growth, the growth rate is about 4-5% annually. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay, okay. But, in FY 19, if I look at the government figures of import of titanium dioxide, it is 
close to 14 to 15,000 tons per annum, I means is my understanding correct? 
Ankit Patel: 
No, I don't know. I think you have got some different numbers. We have done the detail 
analysis for the last three to four years of the input and we have been getting the same 
number what we have informed to you and the growth rate is quite good. At the same time 
in the call, I also mentioned that the big corporates like JSW and Brila family Grasim they are 
investing heavily into paints and coatings segment. Grasim is coming with the 5000 crore 
CAPEX for the paint segment, which is going to be commercially start from FY 23. So, the 
growth in the paints and coating segment in India is approximately 10 to 15% and the base 
for the paint is a titanium dioxide is a white pigment. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Correct. 
Ankit Patel: 
So you can understand when the large corporate are investing heavily into the segment how 
the growth is going to be. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay okay. So, so, if let's assume that the current capacity is about as you said at 80-85,000 
tons per metric ton. With your capacity, it is still will be 1,10,000 kind of capacity domestic 

 
Page 9 of 12 
capacity. Still there is a huge gap between the consumption or the demand and the 
production so what are your plan. I mean up after these 33,000 are you planning to expand 
further or will you wait for some time in future for the further CAPEX? 
Ankit Patel: 
Nilesh bhai we are growth hungry people, you know, this is the first time we are doing new 
technology, new products and such a high CAPEX in the pigment. So, once I think in the first 
year itself, if we'll have a good confidence, then immediately we may go for the further 
expansion because the growth point of view there is no limit, you know, you can do a lot of 
CAPEX in this segment. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Because I can see, after your expansion also there is a gap of about more than 200,000 tons. 
So, is the CAPEX or the funding is the problem or the technology is the bottleneck. 
Ankit Patel: 
So, both the things are bottleneck. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
I'm not talking about the Meghmani perspective, but the overall chemical companies in India 
perspective. 
Ankit Patel: 
In general, the thing is, because in the pigment segment, there are small unconventional 
players are there. Only few are big players like Meghmani and Sudarshan. Otherwise, you 
don't find big players in this segment. So, the CAPEX is a key as well as the technology you 
need big land area as well, because high CAPEX the land requirement is also big. So, looking 
at all this, small players cannot think of entering into this segment. So, we have selected this 
product because we are already in pigment. Our customer base is the same. They have been 
insisting that why don't you enter into this segment because it is a pretty good segment, the 
demand is very good. So, looking at this, we have selected this project and because of the 
technology and the high CAPEX there is entry barrier. So you can understand small players 
cannot enter into this segment. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay, okay and just one last question as you touched upon this land, about the land aspect. 
So I am sure you must be having the land for the current expansion, but what about the 
future if you want to expand further so is the land available or you have to purchase further. 
Ankit Patel: 
You know, it is available because you know, basic infrastructure remains the same. So as a 
Meghmani we have a policy that whenever we go for a greenfield project, we buy a sizable 
land, at the initial level, the CAPEX looks a little high, but in the later on state, it helps a lot 
because your other expenditures, the basic infrastructure remains the same. So that is what 
our philosophy is so we have enough land back for the future expansion even after 33,000 
tons. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra Finance. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 12 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Since I'm tracking your Company little new so, just can you help me to understand that the 
OCRPS that we have given for we have for make Meghmani Fine Chem a little bit of 
background and like what is the status can we liquidate it at some point of time because 
seems we are thinking of investment and all those things can we utilize that. Is there any 
hindrance to that like what is the situation because under normal circumstances, it always 
makes sense since now, we are two different companies. So our operations and even we 
don’t do intercorporate lending and all these things. So please, some understanding on that 
since I'm not aware of this. 
Ankit Patel: 
SubrataJi, this is redeemable preference share of around 210 crore and coupon rate is 8% 
which is now every year we are getting on that and these 210 crore will be redeemed over a 
period and as you know that in the Meghmani Fine Chem also. So now good profitability and 
they are also into you can say Speciality, chemicals they're coming into and as the cash flow 
situation improves. So, they will start redeeming that 210 crore and gradually it will come to 
MOL. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Sir, any timeline by what time it should be entirely redeem, like any timeline or any anything 
mentioned as per the condition. 
Ankit Patel: 
As of now, it is difficult, but otherwise timeline for that is around 20 years that is RPS term 
only, but I think it is much below actually much before that, so that will get redeemed. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
So, we at least from like the strategy point of view, we at least think that we should gradually 
like reduce these two because like the Project which you have announced as per your internal 
calculation, it will be much higher than 8%. So, in that case it makes sense for us like to 
reinvest our capital rather than borrow basically from a theoretical point of view at least. 
Ankit Patel: 
Sure true, we will look into it Subrataji. Thank you very much. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Thank you sir. Because this create a good corporate governance also as you understand 
nowadays. 
Ankit Patel: 
We understand, thank you, thank you for your suggestion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the Aryan Verma, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Aryan Verma: 
So, thank you for the opportunity. I'm actually first time questioning to you. So, I was reading 
about solar cells and solar panels recently and I got around to reading about titanium dioxide 
as used in solar cells. So, there was an article about that, there is a potential to create low 
cost solar cells using titanium dioxide and there is the potential uses in solar panels and wind 
turbine coating by using titanium dioxide so using this can be a potential for our Company or 
market. Do you have any view on this? 

 
Page 11 of 12 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah. So, you're correct that you know, any white surface you know, it has got you know, it 
can transfer the light reflects the bright in a good manner. So, it generates more brightness 
and there are various applications for the titanium dioxide. So, yes, it is being used into solar 
cells also. But, currently if we give you the idea about 60% of the titanium dioxide being used 
is into the paints and the coating segment, about 25% it is being used into the poly plastic and 
polymers segment and the balance 10% is into various segment it is also used in the 
toothpaste. So, you can also. 
Aryan Verma: 
I got that, but I was just curious about can this be a growth opportunity, because there's still 
research going on, but as solar industry grows solar cells and this sounds like a key material or 
critical application for solar speed. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, they are working on it and we have also heard and read the same thing. So, if that 
happens, then the growth will be even much bigger. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Sehgal as an individual investor.  
Rajesh Sehgal: 
Can you give us an idea of incremental revenue and profitability from the new project in the 
first full year of commercial production? 
Ankit Patel:  
Yeah, so, in the first year of production, we hope that the plan should run at about 50% 
capacity. So, as we mentioned that on the full year operation on full year of operation 
basically it should generate about 700 crore of the revenue. So, in the first year, we expect it 
should generate about 350 crore revenue and later on it will go to 750 crore. 
Rajesh Sehgal: 
Any idea of the contribution on the bottom line. 
Ankit Patel:  
From this project, it will generate a beta margin of nearly 25%. So, pigment division on an 
average as of now it's generating about 13 to 14% EBITDA. With this project coming in, it all 
put together the average will be close to 17 to 18% and ROE and ROC return on equity and 
return on capital employed for this product is 20% flat. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is in line of Hemant Kanungo as an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Hemant Kanungo: 
Yes, sir. So I just want to know sir, since you're saying that there is a huge demand supply gap 
in this pigment, so why is there like the existing players you know, are not increasing the 
capacity because even the EBITDA margins are fantastic and a secondary also. Sir, I heard that 
there was one Company called Kilburn Chemicals, which was also apparently into titanium 
dioxide, but which is currently into NCLT so it wasn't apparently successful in this business. 
Yes. So, can you just give an explanation of them like what exactly it is like? 

 
Page 12 of 12 
Ankit Patel:  
Yeah. So, as I mentioned, there are mainly three players currently. Out of three players two 
are public sector unit, government companies. So, you know, how the government public 
sector unit works. So, probably they are not very focused and growth-oriented Company. The 
third player VV Mineral is again into various businesses and so not focusing much on to this 
business that is what our analysis says and in our concall, we have already mentioned 
because the high CAPEX and high technology barrier, not small pigment players can think of 
entering into this segment. So, there is a good opportunity and we have taken the challenge 
and we are entering into this project regarding the Kilburn Chemical. Yeah, what happened 
we don't know much in detail but the only thing what we know that the project they came up 
was a good project, but I think they ran out of money at the end of the project. So, the 
project did not run the plant did not run for even 15 days. So it was a brand new plant and 
they were not able to run and the Company went into NCLT. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that is enough for the questions from the participants. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Patel for closing comments. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Hemant Kanungo: 
Thank you everyone for taking out your valuable time and joining us on this con call. Thank 
you very much. Take care. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Meghmani Organics Ltd that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
