i
$
Manager, DCS
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.
Phirozejeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
%
Mumbai
4
..
3
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Goodluck India Limited
(Formerly GOOD LUCK STEEL TUBES LIMITED)
Corp. Office: "GOODLUCK HOUSE" Nehru Nagar,
Ambedkar Road, Ghaziabad-201001 U.P. (INDIA)
Ph.: 91-120-4196600, 4196700, Fax : 91-120-4196666, 4196777
. October 30, 2021
The Manager
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK
Sub: Transcript of Investors and Analysts Conference call
Dear Sir/ Madam,
As Earlier informed, a Conference Call for the investors and analysts held on Tuesday, October 26,
2021 at 12.30 P.M. IST to discuss the Q2FY22 Earnings of the Company.
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call.
This is for your information and record.
Company Secretary
Encl: as above
Regd. Office : 509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001 (INDIA)
CIN : L74899DL1986PLC050910
j Website : www.goodluckindia.com
I Email : goodluck@goodluckindia.com
Works : A-42 & 45, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad - 203205 Distt. Bulandshahr (U.P)

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Goodluck India Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY2022 Conference Call” 
 
October 26, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH CHANDRA GARG – CHAIRPERSON – 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAM AGGARWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY2022 Conference Call 
of Goodluck India Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Mahesh Garg, Chairperson of Goodluck India Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Goodluck India Limited earning conference call for 
Q2 and half year ended September 30, 2021. I would like to begin by expressing gratitude 
to all of you by taking your time to join us. 
 
On this call with me today are, Mr. Ram Agarwal, CEO, Mr. Sanjay Bansal, Chief 
Financial Officer, and Bridge IR, our Investor Relations Partner. Since this is our maiden 
earnings call, before we get into the business and financial performance of the half year, I 
would like to share a brief insight into our company. 
 
The company is an established manufacturer of engineered steel products incorporated in 
the year 1986. It is headquartered in Ghaziabad with 326,000 metric tonnes per annum 
manufacturing capacity. This capacity is spread across six facilities; five in Uttar Pradesh, 
in NCR and one in Kutch, Gujarat, employing over 3000 employees with over three 
generations of hands on experience of promoters. 
 
Goodluck started as a manufacturer of ERW tubes, which were at that time a value added 
product and very much in demand but gradually over a period of time, this has become 
commoditized product. Owing to our engineering background, we always wanted to be in 
the value added manufacturing and as a policy of a company we have always extended into 
value added segments. So we got into the forging activity manufacturing core products. We 
then decided to move forward with our engineering started and got into precision tube 
manufacturing with comprised of both of ERW and CDW tubes. 
 
With a lot of hard work, we were able to begin exporting of precision tube to highly rated 
European auto OEMs and to other geographies like US. We have also added pressure 
engineer fabrication is another segment. Here we have been catering to telecom towers and 
bridges, when we obtained our first LOI for supply and fabrication of bridge for the bullet 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 13 
train track been laid between Mumbai and Ahmedabad, which required huge engineering 
capabilities and engineering skills. Solar is another area where we have huge potential used 
for the supply of value added fabricated structure and there we are in it for export of solar 
fabricated structure in a big way. 
 
Another segment we have been focusing is the defense and aerospace where we have tested 
prototypes supplied it and we have been quite successful in this to cater and capitalize on 
this future potential. We are expanding our capacity in forging by putting away 6000 press 
which is likely to be commissioned by the month of December. 
 
Just to sum up the company, we are amongst the leading manufacturer of wide range of 
engineering structure, Precision and auto tubes, forging for defense, aerospace and 
engineering, CR products and GI pipes. 
 
The company is not only in steel product manufacturing but also provider of engineering 
solutions. We are on course of making Goodluck a world class manufacturing organization 
with better focus on value addition. We would like to see ourselves as a part of choice of 
high engineering fabrication player in infrastructure, as manufacture of best in class 
precision manufacture, a formidable player in the area of defense and aerospace, which is 
likely to be with the commissioning of our press, we will be there and we will respected 
supplier of these products. 
 
Our goal is to migrate from merely manufacturing company to a solution provider and we 
are very much on the path of it. Having explained the vision of the company, I like to hand 
over the floor to Mr. Ram Agarwal who will be talking about business in detail. 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Thank you everybody and I welcome all of you all to this call. After the opening remarks by 
Mr. Garg as to how do the management wants the company to be viewed in the near future 
and its focus on value addition and providing engineering solutions. I would like to take you 
through the company in a bit more detail. 
 
The company caters to diverse product range with high level of customization; products are 
divided into four major divisions; engineering structures and fabrication. The other one is 
forging. the precision pipes & auto tubes and CR foils, pipes & hallow sections. The 
company strategically has been focusing more on high margins value added products and 
high growth sectors like auto tubes, solar structures, railways and defense. This is most 
likely to start reflecting from our current fiscal in terms of EBITDA per tonne as it is 
evident from the current half yearly in this discussion. I would like to dwell that on each on 
the segment now. 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
We are starting with the engineering structures and precision fabrication. It is one of the key 
segments not only in terms of our engineering expertise and fashion but also in terms of 
growth opportunities. In this we are evolving to provide both fabrication and services for 
infrastructure solution be it roadways, be it Railway Bridge or smart city structure or the 
latest one is supercritical bridges for high speed railway corridor, which is being made in 
India first time, primary and secondary structures for boilers and turbine generators, 
launching girders for steel and concrete girders, buildings structure and technological 
structures. 
 
The company has a total manufacturing capacity of 60,000 MT per annum. Recently as Mr. 
Garg has told you that the company was awarded a prestigious LOI of Rs.198 Crores by 
L&T for the bullet train under high speed railway corridor for supply and fabrication of 
build on Mumbai and Ahmedabad corridor; it is a first in India and the second one is 
coming from Delhi to Varanasi. 
 
Under this Goodluck will work alongside the Japanese engineers for first of its kind bridge 
to be constructed in India. We will be only supplying the fabricated bridges in the guidance 
of the Japanese partners. There is a huge scope of growth and expansion in this segment and 
we envision an order book of almost Rs.1000 Crores in the next two to three years. 
 
Another area of focus is the solar power field. We provide MNN structures solar panel. We 
have developed structures which require engineer expertise and high demand across the 
world. We already have a lot of enquires and we have started exporting here again we can 
foresee huge opportunity. 
 
The next segment is forging. We specialize in stainless, duplex, carbon, alloy steel forging 
and flanges which is supplied more than 100 grade products. The company caters to various 
and wide industries, machine equipment, walls, fittings, petrochemical applications,  
highway and rail road equipments, general industrial equipments, marine, aerospace and for 
a little bit defense, forging for these critical areas has successfully made mark in the 
industry. 
 
Now your company is in the process of adding new machineries, which will increase 
capacity of forging, single piece to 14 tonnes from 7 tonnes at present and total capacity per 
annum to 30000 MT. It will be in the enabling manufacturing of high value added products. 
It will be using less material in turn adding to our bottomline. With this we will be in 
position to manufacture and supply high value added products, which will result in greater 
profitability. As defense and aerospace everybody knows it is a strategic area of focus, I 
would like to talk something about it separately. 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
What we are doing right now we are getting enlisted with some of the biggest names across 
Indian aerospace and defense, DRDO, L&T Defense, Godrej Aerospace, Brahmos 
Aerospace and as of now defense contribute insignificantly. Currently, it is contributing 1% 
to 2% of the revenue, but this is only the beginning. As negotiations and ramp of order book 
within these have a big gestation period. We are also in discussion with various 
organizations for increasing our association with several other projects. We are pretty sure 
that we have to usher in this area. 
 
Our third segment is precision pipes and auto tubes. Here we offer products that require 
high engineering expertise. We are among the very few players to manufacture high quality 
CDW tubes. Our products are one of the leading products in terms of quality and 
consistently resulting in high customer satisfaction and repetition of orders. This segment is 
substantial contributor of export revenue to your company. 
 
We are suppliers to some of the most respected brands across the world in both on road and 
off road auto segment. The other sector which is adding volume to our basket that is the CR 
coils, pipes and tubes the oldest segment of Goodluck. Our coils are demanded all over the 
country, mainly in automobile components, consumer durable items and many other items. 
ERW pipes and tubes, fine application and precision tubes, support structure these are being 
used mainly for vehicle chassis, earth moving equipments, roffing sheets, construction of 
railway coaches, drums and barrels, material handling equipments, industrial equipment and 
many others. 
 
Apart from these products our excellent range of product and services have enabled us to 
leap geographical boundaries and register our strong presence in more than hundred 
countries across the globe with range of over 600 customers. We are extending our reach to 
the customers worldwide with a well network. That is all from my side. I shall now like to 
hand over this call to Mr. Sanjay Bansal our CFO who will talk about the financial details. 
Thanks. 
Sanjay Bansal: 
Thank you Sir and welcome all of you to this call. Now coming to financial performance. 
The financial highlight for Q2 ending September 30, 2021. Revenue from operations stood 
at Rs.636 Crores in Q2 of current financial year as against Rs.420 Crores in Q2 of the 
previous year. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.44 Crores as against Rs.34 Crores in Q2 of FY2021. Q2 
profit stood at Rs.17 Crores as against profit of Rs.10 Crores in Q2 during the previous 
year. Financial highlights for half year ending September 30, 2021. 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Revenue from operation stood at Rs.1207 Crores in H1 of current financial year as against 
Rs.671 Crores in the previous year during the same period. EBITDA for the first half was at 
Rs.85 Crores as against Rs.57 Crores in first half of the previous year. 
 
H1 PAT stood at Rs.31 Crores as against Rs.11 Crores in the first half of previous year. The 
company has also paid interim dividend at the rate of 75% that is Rs.1.5 per share. 
 
That is all from my side. We can now open for floor question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
I want to ask a question to the chairman of the company? How much has been the export 
from the turnover of Rs.1200 Crores in H1 and how the freight rates have impacted the 
profitability of the company and how the company wish to overcome this extra cost on 
freight in the quarters to come? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Exports in the first half of this year are roughly Rs.550 Crores as against Rs.200 Crores last 
year. What was further query? I did not get it rightly. Can you repeat your question please? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
How the increased freight cost in the last half year impacted the profitability of the 
company? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: It impacted greatly. We have been negotiating with our customers to pass on the freight, but 
we are an exporter of the last 20 years so we have to honor our commitments and some of 
the customers have obliged us. Of course, it will in the subsequent times the freight they 
will have to pay but for some time we have taken a hit on the freight also. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kalpesh Gothi from Valentis Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Good afternoon Sir. Can you please share the revenue split between the product portfolio 
and which are going to contribute? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Your voice is not clear. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
I want to know what is the revenue split in terms of product portfolio? 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Ram Aggarwal: 
In terms of the H1 volume we are having five verticals already as I told you. The structure 
is 10% almost and our CDW tube is almost 14% and the forging is almost 12%, Precision 
tube again is 15% and our regular product is 30% to 35%, the revenue distribution of this 
quantity. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
What is the total in terms of volume in Q2 and H1? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Volume in H1 is almost 125,000 tonnes and in Q2 it is 63,000 tonnes almost. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Can you also share the realization for the respective segment? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Realization wise, we can talk of the EBITDA. The structure is almost 10% EBITDA and 
our CDW Tube it is 14%, forging again 14% to 15% and the precision tube section it takes 
9% to 10% and our regular volume product, it gives almost 2% to 3%. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Can you share the EBITDA per tonne if possible? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
EBITDA basically you know our product basket is very diverse, but however if you take 
with the mathematical calculation, it will come almost 6800 overall product ratio. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
What will be EBITDA per ton for value added product? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
For different products it can be told, but like if you talk of structures it will be almost 
Rs.7000. If you talk of average value added should be almost Rs.10,000. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
What is the total contribution of value added product in your revenue? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
It is almost 65%. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
65%, is it going to be go up further? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Yes we intend to be 75%, but it will take time. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Can you share as you said in the initial remark you are in L1 in the 198 Crores order from 
L&T you got. Any such kind of order we are looking or have we already bid for the same? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Basically that order in India, high speed train is coming first time. So now government is 
planning for other areas as well like Delhi-Varanasi and many other Delhi-Ahmedabad 
many other train government is trying to make, but this is the first of its kind, so once it 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 13 
starts getting the executed the other lines will come and we will be there to participate in 
this. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
So this L&T order going to be confirmed by what time? L&T order we got we are in the 
LOI. So is it confirmed order? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Yes it is a confirmed order but as far as L&T procedure it takes one and half months to 
issue the formal PO but the work has already started. L&T along with Japanese they have 
visited the plant and now we are going ahead with the civil foundations and the other 
works, machinery order is going on. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Have we got any advance for the sale? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Once the PO is issued then only we will be able to take advance. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Do we Sir require need to do a capex for this project? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Yes it is almost Rs.10 to Rs.12 Crores capex needs to be done which we are doing from our 
internal accruals at our Kutch plant. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Sir what is the timeline of the execution? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Execution it is a tricky question. Why because L&T is doing first time. Japanese are doing 
in India first time, but it is slated to start from January and it will be spawned almost two 
years. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
So majority of you revenue will be coming next year. 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Yes revenue will start from April 22. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Good afternoon Sir and congratulations on a good quarter. Good afternoon Sir. I just had 
some questions. In terms of our value added products versus volume driven segment what 
kind of products would you categorize since we have talked about it in the presentation 
also, which products are value added and what was the contribution in revenue during this 
last quarter or half year? 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Basically it is auto tubes, our engineering structure division and forgings these we classify 
into value added products and other CR coils and pipes which give volume to our system 
that says less value added products but it gives the volume and has I already told you it is 
almost 65 to 35%, value added versus non value added. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sir in terms of our exports would you see any particular countries or geographies as the key 
drivers of export revenue like where demand is more? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Demand is there for our forgings and auto tubes mainly Europe and USA. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Europe and USA. Okay so would the revenues split between export and domestic revenue 
remain similar at current level or would it change in the next coming quarters? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: We were doing export last year only 25%. This year it has grown almost 38% and we 
expect this to remain around this level. Total sales percentage will be around the same level. 
Rohan Mehta: 
We get higher operating margins from the export revenue? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Yes. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sir already it has been asked, but in terms of capex for precision tubes how much capacity 
was added approximately by when is commercial production expected to start for that? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Auto tube expansion was taken by internal accruals with a very little investment and our 
capacity had been running at 20% for CW tubes. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sir for aerospace and defense category of our end application currently I guess it is around 
2% odd of revenue coming in from there and we have mentioned that we plan to increase it 
up to 8% or so, any sort of any timeline or any plan as to how we will be able to increase 
that share from that segment? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: As we explained earlier our press is under commissioning, when the press comes into 
operation by the end of December there are big line up of orders. Already we have approval 
from listed agencies those who approved for aerospace and defense. Our products have 
been tested on central basis for defense, for missile system and we expect to go big once our 
press is commissioned. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sir this has already been talked about raw material we all know that it has been a pain point 
for all companies in this sector so any timeline as to when you expect that the effect of this 
increase in metal prices would sort of wean off and come down to normal levels? 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Very jokingly telling you, I think we have to learn to think of it as normal. It is the new 
normal in the prices. We have to learn to live with the pricing. 
Rohan Mehta: 
So I guess that then we will only gradually pass it on to the customer like increase the price 
of our product right? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Absolutely it needs to be passed down. It is being passed down and it will be passed out. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Just one last question I had now that apex of the pandemic in lockdown and everything are 
going back. I mean it is reducing and almost industries are going back to normal. Do you 
think the current growth right now it is relatively higher because the last year was totally hit 
by COVID but once the entire effects have gone by would growth be at par with pre-
COVID levels or would it continue to be at higher level as it was right now? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: It will definitely it will exceed the pre COVID level. All economy has to achieve the pre 
COVID level there after growth has to come with government reform push. The 
government has done with so many restructuring of the financial system government has 
done. It will have an overall impact on the economy, emphasis on infrastructure in which 
we are there in a big way. It is going to definitely very positive for our industry and we look 
forward for a growth in exports with China problems today we are looking at the export has 
a very growth engine for the company. With China problem the world over, most of the 
geography are very averse to deal with China so we stand a good chance everywhere. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Thank you so much Sir. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shiv Kumar individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Shiv Kumar: 
Good afternoon Sir. I have two questions. Couple of questions; one is that what is the 
current capacity that we have achieved and what is the expected capacity that we think we 
are going to go ahead and achieve in this next few quarters and is there a need for capex 
which is substantial for any growth from now onwards that is the first questions. The 
second is that given I think the question which was asked earlier also is that what is the new 
normal in terms of the EBITDA percentage given the higher cost of the raw materials that 
we expect and is there a possibility that all the cost of increase of raw material can be 
passed on to the consumers is that possibility still there or is it something which is going to 
go against with the company which will have an impact on the EBITDA? It was 35% 
volume of one of your volume business is already 2% and the margin obviously is pretty 
low, so just wanted to check on that counter, so these are the two questions. 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Let me answer your question one by one. Our capacity utilization today is around 76% and 
without any capex we are aiming to achieve around 85% to 87% with more availability of 
raw material. If we were able to get full quantity of raw material we would have achieved 
that number one. Number two, your question of the increased cost are being passed on. It 
definitely happens with a time lag and once the rate stabilize the cost will be definitely 
passed on to the buyer there is no doubt about it. 
Shiv Kumar: 
Just an add-on question is the current EBITDA around 8.5% overall. Could we somewhere 
around 10% being achieved over the next three, four quarters gradually is that expectation 
right? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: I did not get your question rightly. Please can you repeat? 
Shiv Kumar: 
I am saying that current EBITDA. Overall is EBITDA is about 8.5% am I right? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: No it is around 7%. 
Shiv Kumar: 
So gradually once the raw material issue settles down are we expecting to go ahead and 
improve it to less than 8.5% that is what I am looking at in the next two quarters? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Number one I should clarify the EBITDA percentage has gone down due to cost push. Once 
the cost push goes away then EBITDA will improve definitely. It is bound to improve. How 
much it will improve depends on how the business shapes out, but EBITDA is bound to 
improve. Our EBITDA has gone down. There was a lot of cost push. All input costs have 
gone up, freight cost have gone up which have dragged the EBITDA percentage 
downwards, but things have to normalize one day sooner than later it cannot go on 
increasing every day. We are well within control and things are bound to improve. 
Shiv Kumar: 
One final question if I may. Sir our inventory currently is at reasonable levels or is that still 
an issue that you need to address? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: I do not think this is an issue. We are at a normal limit. 
Shiv Kumar: 
Okay great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Redkar individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir I have a couple of questions. Can you guide us 
where do we see our revenue by the end of this year and for the coming next three years? 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: For this year, I am expecting revenue to be around in the range of 2400 Crores against last 
year revenue 1572 Crores and the year ahead I am expecting 10% growth. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Sir what is the export contribution in the first half of the year and which are the key 
countries contributing to most of the revenue? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: I think almost 550 Crores as I told against 1200 Crores so, percentage you can take almost 
48%. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Sir as we can see the different segment the order book driven so what is the current order 
book and how is resulting in the revenue visibility? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Basically, as I have already told, we are having a basket of products so some products 
where we can talk of the order book as an engineering structure we have told, right now we 
have order book of 400 Crores in the coming two to three years as per the Indian system we 
can hope of 1000 Crores in the next two three years but in the other segments it is a 
visibility of orders. Once we supply the older quantity then the new quantities come in. We 
have a reason of almost six month to one year like in our auto division, like in our forging 
division, we have a certain forecast available with us on which we plan but it is not like that 
all the orders have come one year back and now we are executing in the coming one year. It 
is only possible in the infra projects because they are the long time taking projects. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Sir what are your top two, three competitors in the industry and who are the top 
contributing clients domestic and globally? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Sir to talk of competitors with us, to name is totally not desirable at this moment. We can 
talk of ourselves. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Which are the top contributing clients right now we have domestic as well as global? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: I can tell you one thing, it will be difficult to name my top customers as on the conference 
call, but we have dedicated customers with us who are standing for a long time, 80% of our 
customers have a long association with us in business, whether it is auto tube, whether it is 
forging, whether it is structure. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Do we have any plans to raise further funds? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
Right now currently we do not have any plan to raise further funds. 
Aniket Redkar:  
Thank you. 

 
 
 
         Goodluck India Limited 
October 26, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kalpesh Gothi from Valentis Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kalpesh Gothi:  
You talked for defense. What kind of revenue visibility you have for this year and next 
year? 
Ram Aggarwal: 
As we have already told this sector is very critical and it has a very long gestation period 
and you know what India is talking for the last 10 years that we will make this, we will 
make this but every programme if you talk of, any missile, any planes it takes 10 years, it 
takes decade so we have started enlisting with all the customers but it will again take two to 
three years to get the work from them and then we can talk of what we have planned to get 
more turn over in this sector, it will come in two to three years. Fresh installation is the 
starting of the cycle. 
Kalpesh Gothi: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Mahesh Garg for closing comments. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: I would like to take this opportunity to thank each member of Goodluck family. I would 
like to thank all our clients, creditor, bank, financial institutions, and other stakeholders and 
everyone who had participated in this concall. For any further queries or information please 
get in touch with our investor relation team and we will be happy to answer them. Thank 
you very much. 
Ram Aggarwal: 
I just want to clarify one thing, the best of looking at us in term of EBITDA per ton and not 
in terms of EBITDA percentage. We are putting in all efforts to take this per ton matrix 
higher in the coming quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Goodluck India Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
