a5rfu qll tlitlq
Central Office
CO:MBD:2021-22:311                                                                                                         02nd   November,2021
Script  Code  :  CENTRALBK
Script  Code  :  532885
National  Stock   Exchange  of  India  Limited
8  S  E  Ltd.
Listing   Department
Corporate  Relationship  Deptt
Exchange  Plaza,
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers
Plot  No.C/1,   `G'   Block
Dalal  Street,   Fort
Bandra-Kurla  Complex
Mumbai  400001
Bandra  (E),   Mumbai-400  051
Dear  Sir/Madam,
Sub  :    Transcripts  of  Bank's  conference  call  with  the  Analysts
We     submit     herewith     transcripts     of     conference     call     held     with     the     Analysts     on
26th   October   2021   on   Reviewed   Financial   Results  of  the   Bank  for  the   second   quarter  and
half  year  ended  30th  September  2021.
Please  take  the  above  on  your  record.
Thanking   you,
Yours  faithfully,
For  CENTRAL  BANK  OF   INDIA
ANAND   KUMAR   DAS
D E P U T Y  G E N E R A L  M A N A G E R  /   `````ie==
COMPANY  SECRETARY
aH gdi, Tth ire, j* -400 021  . IFtan : 2202 6428, 6638 7777 . fa : (91-22) 2204 4336
aH gdi, Tth ire, g* -400 021  . gran : 2202 6428, 6638 7777 . fa : (91-22) 2204 4336
Chander Mukhi, Nariman Point,  Mumbai -400 021  . Tel.  : 2202 6438, 6638 7777 .  Fax : (91-22) 2204 4336

I-
"Central Bank of India Limited
Q2 FY2022 Earning Conference Call"
October 26, 2021
a,-....-._...-.
----
- ,                        - __ _L=_ -
ANALYST:
fi
ANThc|uE
MR. PRABAL GANDHI - ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING
MANAGFIMENT:   SHRI   M.V.    RAO   -   MANAGING    DIRECTOR    &    CHIEF
EXECUTIVE 0FFICHR - CENTRAL BANK 0F INDIA
SHRI    ALOK    SRIVASTAVA    -    EXECUTIVE    DIRECTOR    -
CENTRAL BANK 0F INDIA
SHRI  VIVEK  WAHI  -  EXECUTIVE  DIRECTOR  -  CENTRAL
BANK 0F INDIA
SHRI  RAJEEV  PURI  -  EXECUTIVE  DIRECTOR  -  CENTRAL
BANK OF INDIA
SHRI  MUKUL  N.  DANDIGE  -  CHIEF  FINANCIAL  OFFICER  -
CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA
Page 1  of 15

Moderator:
Prabal Gandhi:
M V Rao:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Central Bank of India Earnings Conference Call
hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-
only  mode  and  there  will  be  an  opportunity  for  you  to  ask  questions  after  the  presentation
concludes.  Should  you  need  assistance  during the  conference  call,  please  signal  an  operator  by
pressing  ``*"  then  "0"  on  your  touchtone  phone.   Please  note   that  this   conference   is   being
recorded.  I  now  hand  the  conference  over  to  Mr.  Prabal  Gandhi  from  Antique  Stock  Broking
Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir.
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call of Central Bank of
india.  We  have  with  us  today  the  entire  management  team  represented  by  Shri  M.  V.  Rao  -
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer,  Shri Alok Srivastava -Executive Director,  Shri
Vivek Wahi - Executive Director, Shri  Rajeev Puri - Executive Director,  Shri Mukul N - CFO
and the other team members on the call. Without further delay  I would hand over the call to Shri
M.V.  Rao  Sir  for  his  opening  remarks,  post  which  we  can  open  the  floor  for  question  and
answers. Thank you and over to you, Sir.
Thank you.  A  very good afternoon and welcome to all  participants.  Thank you  for sparing your
time.  Before presenting business highlights let me share some of the information on the activities
as organization we have carried out in the previous quarters.
Number one we have started central connect, this is the  campaign what we started to bring  back
our  own  customers  who  left  us  in the  last  five  years,  there  is  very  good  response  and  then  we
have  fine  tuned  our processes  to  improve  the  efficiencies  and  also  we  have  brought  changes  in
our  structure  and  we  have  brought  the  CPAC  that  is  approval  centre  concept  to  bring  the
confidence  in our fleld  functionaries to take the correct decisions.  These  are all on the activities
part.
Now,  coming to the business highlights,  let me  share with you the net interest  income  (NII) has
improved from Rs.2354 Crores to Rs.2495  Crores i.e.,  5.99% increase on year-on-year basis and
also  16.86% on quarter-on-quarter basis.
On  the  operating profit  side,  it has  increased  I.08% year-on-year basis  and  29% on  quarter-on-
quarter basis and with this sustained performance we have registered net profit of Rs.250 Crores
compared to net profit of Rs.16l  Crores  on year-to-year basis  i.e.,  55.28% increase  on  year-to-
year basis and on quarter-to-quarter basis there is an increase of 21.36°/o.
Coming  to  the  CRAR  it  has  improved  from   12.34%  to  15.38%  on  year-on-year  basis  and  on
quarter-to-quarter  to  basis  it  is   14.88%  to   15.38%  and  gross  NPA  slightly  reduced  it  now  at
15.52% and net NPA which was 5.60% in  September 2020,  now it has  come down to 4.51% on
year-on-year  basis  and  from  quarter-to-quarter  it  was  5.09%  in  June  2021  now  it  is  4.51%  in
September 202 1 .
Page 2 of 15

Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
Likewise,  this  provision  coverage  ratio  is  improved  from  82.24% to  85.86% now,  we  stand  at
85.86% on the provision coverage ratio and NIM has improved from 3.21% to 3.36% on year-on-
year basis and quarter-to-quarter basis it is 2.84% to 3.36%.  You know very well because of our
network and  larger presence  in  the  rural  and semi-urban  centres we  used  to  maintain the  leader
role in the CASA, now it stands at 49.79%.
Coming to  the  network,  brick  and  mortar branches  continue  to  be  our  forte  and  now  with  the
increasing  adoption  of the  BC  network total  customer touch points  now  reached  at  15185  as  at
the  end  of September 2021  and the  plans  what we have  at the  BC  outlets  will  be ramped  up  to
15000 by March 2022 and by December we will be reaching around  12000.
Coming  to  the  topline,  deposits  total  business  is  Rs.5.12  lakh  Crores  i.e.,  2.27%  year-on-year
basis and total  advances  is down by -0.96% but if you take the Rs.4810 Crores which we have
written off in the month of March 2021, if we compute that then our growth will be  I.75% on the
advances side.
In  the  deposit  mix  already,  I  have  shared  with  you,  the  most  important  and  heartening  is  the
CASA  which we are at 49.79% and total deposits  stood  at Rs.3.36  lakh  Crores.  In the  advances
mix, earlier we have given you the guidance that 70:30 will be our objective and for this financial
year  we  will  be  thriving  to  reach  68%  and  32%  i.e.,  68%  will  be  RAM  and  32%  will  be  the
corporate and now RAM has reached 66.79%, if you see a year back it was 63.940/o, now we are
at 66.79°/o and we stand by our guidance that our objective is to reach and we will be 68% to 70°/o
in between by the end of this financial year.
Regarding  the  mandated  targets  we  have  achieved  all  the  mandated  targets  agriculture  and
priority sectors, small and marginal farmers, and weaker sector and more so I would like to share
that we  have  sold PSLC  i.e.,  priority sector lending activities to the tune  of Rs.15000 Crores  in
this half year, so we have availed a sizeable income from that. Regarding the credit support, we
were there  in the ECGL as  1, 2  and 3  and 4,  all together we have  given  around Rs.3478  Crores
under  COVID  support  schemes.  Regarding  the  standard  advances  rated,  earlier  it  was  76.16°/o
now  we  are  at  79.53%.  There  is  a  good  increase  as  far as  the  rating  accordingly  risk  weighted
asset has also come down.
Coming to the retail segment, our home loan year-on-year growth was around 5%, in auto loan it
is 6.68% and education there is a degrowlh, other retail loans there is an increase of 3.86% and in
this  retail   let  me  share  with  you  just  one  and  half  months  back  we  started  our  co-lending
arrangement  with  NBFCs  where  we  have  already  disbursed  around  Rs.296  Crores  where  the
sanctions were more than Rs.383  Crores, going ahead this will be a separate vertical and bank is
eying to reach at least Rs.3000 Crores by the end of March 2021.
Regarding the  SMA,  if you see  from June 2021  to  September 2021,  I have not given  September
2020  because  of the moratorium  and  other issues  you  are  also  aware they  are not  comparable
figures. Here if you see above Rs.5 Crores and up to Rs.5 Crores both the figures we have shared
Page 3 of 15

aBE-
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
in the presentation both in June 2021  SMA-I  and SMA-2 were consisting 5.38% now it is 4.86%,
there is a reduction and going forward also we are confident in reducing this SMA portfolio from
the  book and  if you observe June 2021  above Rs.5  Crores  it was  SMA-2,  Rs.1516  Crores,  now
this stands  at Rs.222  Crores.  So almost we can say that SMA-2 which we  see that as a stress  in
the corporate book almost it is only 0.13% in the corporate side.
Coming to the restructured book, COVID resolution framework and COVID related restructuring
i.e„  Rs.6014  Crores  that is  there  and  in  standard restructured  which  was  restructured  long back
and continues to be under standard category because of its performance i.e., Rs.3136 Crores and
total  restructured  book  what  we  have  is  Rs.9150  Crores.  As  far  as  provision  of that  we  are
maintaining for this COVID book is around Rs.650 Crores.
Coming  to  the  NPAs,  classification  total  NPA  which  is  4.51%  net  NPA  and  retail  is   I.75%,
Agriculture is 7%, MSME is 5.7°/o and corporate and others is 4.52%.
Coming to the retail  sector, within the retail sector of I.75% we have housing is 2% and vehicle
is 0.42%, 4.2% is education loan, other personal loans stands at 0.75%.
Provision coverage ratio which I shared with you which was 82.24% in September 2020, now it
stands  at 85.86% and slippage ratio now it is  at  1.45% and  similar guidance  we  have  given  for
this year also that 1.5% to  I.75% in that range slippage ratio will be there.
Regarding  the  net  to  interest  margins,  now  it  is  at  3.36%  and  in  that  3.36%  there  is  a  small
clarification  what  we  have  given  because  of the  Rs.285  Crores  income  booked  in  treasury  of
Kingfisher, if we subtract then also our NIM stands at 2.97%.
So, coming to the NPA movement, the opening balance which was there at Rs.27892  Crores, the
total slippage Rs.2104 Crores and reduction happened is Rs.2781  Crores and again closing figure
is  less  than  the  opening  figure  i.e.,  Rs.27252  Crores  i.e.,  percentage  of gross  NPA  stands  at
15.52% and net has come down to 4.51%.
Regarding  the  NCLT  accounts,  we  have  total  around  Rs.22399  Crores  under  NCLT,  almost
98.67% is  provided whatever the  settlement that happens  or resolution  that  happens  in  NCLT
directly it is going to add to our bottomline.
Regarding  the  capital  ratios,  now we  are  at  15.38%  i.e.,  CEP-1  at  13.41%  and  tier-2  is  1.97%.
Regarding the leverage ratio, we are at 5.15%.
Coming to the  financials,  again just I  would  like  to  touch upon  the  net  interest  income.  We  are
positive on quarter-to-quarter basis and year-to-year basis and in the similar way on the operating
profit  on  year-to-year  basis  and  quarter-to-quarter  basis  we  are  positive   and  provisions  on
quarter-to-quarter there  is  an  increase  of 30.94% and the net profit which  already  I  shared  with
stands  at Rs.250  Crores,  if you compare  with the  September 2020  i.e.,  Rs.16l  Crores  and  June
2021  is Rs.206 Crores.
Page 4 of 15

Moderator:
Ashok Ajmera:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26,  2021
Regarding the expenses, there is a good control on the expenses side and more so on the interest
paid  and there  is  a slight  increase  on the operating expenses  that we  know well  that because of
transfers  and  other  staff related  expenses  that  happened  during  the  previous  quarter  that  has
contributed for the little increase it is not a matter of concern for us.
Provisions,  now it is  Rs.1151  Crores that is the total provisions made  for NPA  Rs.311  Crores,  for
written of debts it is  Rs.777  Crores  and depreciation and provision for investment including SRs
is Rs.292 Crores and for income tax it is Rs.103 Crores.
Financial  indicators,  cost  on  deposits  further  reduced  to  3.84%  in  the  previous  quarter  it  was
3.93% and in September 2020 it was 4.450/o and yield on advances is 6.66% which is reflective of
transmission of the rates to the ultimate borrowers and also lot of loans which were in September
2020  around  12°/o to  13% under RLRR  i.e.,  Repo  Rate Link and now it  has jumped  to 23%, so
that is also having an effect on the yield on advances.
Cost  of  funds  3.90%  and  credit  cost  is  0.720/o  and  ROA  is  0.29%,  ROE  is   I.09%,  likewise
business for employee and net profit per employee also has gone up.
Coming to our investment portfolio, just I would like to touch upon on one slide where you will
find how this tweaking has happened for the past six months and if you see the IKM, AFS  and
HFC  portfolios  of September  2020  and  September  2021,  in  the  AFS  books  modified  duration
which  was   2.71%  at  that  time   now  it   is  at   I.95%  and   SLR  modified  duration   is   2.37%  in
September 2020  now it  is  1.66°/o and  PV  is  01  i.e.,  SLR plus  non-SLR put together which was
14.51% in  September 2020 now we have moderated and brought it down  to 8.29% and likewise
for  SLR PV  01,11.56% which was  there  in  September  2020 now  we  are  at  6.07% that  means
whatever the book we have it is totally insulated from the arising yields whatever will be and our
estimation is even by December even if reaches 6.5% we are fully protected from the MTM.
This is my brief presentation, thank you for your time. Any questions are welcome now it is open
for you.  Thank you.  Just before that  let me  tell,  you  regarding the  PCA,  this  is  only  the  now  in
the  PCA  as  far as  the  four triggers,  four indicators  that what we  have,  we  are totally  above  the
benchmark  even  in  June  we  have  satisfied  the  four benchmarks  and  now  also  capital  expenses
ratio is  15.38%, net NPA is 4.51%, trigger was 6% and ROA nowo.29% and leverage ratio now
we are at 5.15%. Thank you, thank you very much.
Thank  you  very  much.   Ladies   and  gentlemen,   we  will   now  begin  the  question-and-answer
session.   We  have  the  first  question   is   from  the   line  of  Ashok  Ajmera   from  Ajcon  Global
Services.  Please go ahead.
Good  evening,  Sir.  Congratulations  Rao  Saab  and  the  entire  team  for  the  fantastic  results.  We
were  expecting  even  in  the  last  quarter  also  we  got  a  feel  that this  bank  is  now  getting  totally
transformed and performance will be better.  Having said that,  I have got a couple of information
point and some queries, Sir on these two accounts major DIIFL and SREI what is our position in
Page 5 of 15

•rc',...I
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
our bank,  how much did we had the exposure on  DHFL,  how much  have  we  got  in  cash and  in
bond and in Srei how much provision have we done, if at all we had any exposure?
We have an exposure in both the accounts,  in DHFL and  Srei  both  were around  Rs.1200 Crores  it
is  only just  supplemented  that  is  why  there  is  no  big  change  in  the  gross  NPA.  [f you  see  that
total  our gross  NPA  there  is  very  little  change  in  the  gross  NPA  because  Srei  has  replaced  the
DHFL and as far as the provisions that are concerned, Srei we have already made 50% this time.
Okay, 500/o provision has been made.  Sir,  in case of DHFL out of that whatever 34% -38% also
total  we  got  out  of that  cash  and  the  equal  amount  or  little  more  than  that  is  bonds.  So,  what
treatment to that  bond we  have given  like  out of this  Rs.1200  Crores  if you  have  bought  about
say  Rs.  550  Crores  or  Rs.600  Crores  total,  out  of that  maybe  Rs.300  Crores  bonds.  So,  what
treatment have you given to those bonds and how much provision has been reversed?
It is Rs.313  Crores that is bonds what we have received and as  far as  the treatment  is concerned
these bonds were issued by the Piramal which is AA rated. It is nothing to do with the DHFL.  So
whatever the rating that goes and the subscriptions to these bonds happened it is just like another
market operation.  So, there is no requirement and also necessity to make any provision for this.
No,  Sir  even  on  the  security  or  the  bond  about  15% -20%  is  required  to  be  provided  has  that
provision been done on this bond or it is  100% taken in the investment book?
It is  100% taken on the investment, because it is issued by Piramal.
Yes, that is there  but even on the  security as  a ten-year bond,  anyway so  no provision has  been
made on that, how much total has come in the income, so this entire Rs.313  Crores and also the
best part of about Rs.275 Crores or Rs.300 Crores, is it not?
Yes.
That has all come in the income of this quarter?
Yes, it has come to income.
And against that you said that Rs.600 Crores provision you have made for Srei?
Rs.273 Crores is the cash component.
Good  Sir,  now will  you through  some  more  light on the  slippages of Rs.2104  Crores  as  against
Rs.1281  Crores, so one is that Srei?
Rs.1200 Crores is Srei book.
Page 6 of 15

Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Alok Srivastava:
Ashok Ajmera:
Alok Srivastava:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M  V Rao:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
Last quarter,  so out of this  about Rs.600 Crores  is  the  Srei  is  it not or the  slippage  and how did
you calculate this Rs.2104 Crores?
Rs.2104  Crores comprises just a minute our GM  Recovery will  give you that details.
Mainly  Srei  is Rs. I 149 Crores then next biggest is Panipat -Jalandhar Rs.168 Crores rest are all
miscellaneous small accounts.
Okay,  Sir so this  is  one off kind  it means  we  do not have any such other lumpy  account for the
future?
No, no lumpy account, no coaporate side and we are not seeing stress on the corporate side.
That  is  why  in our SMA-2  that  is  what I  was  stressing more,  if you  see the  SMA  figures on the
corporate  side  above  Rs.5  Crores  which  was  Rs.3157  Crores  June  2021  now  it  is  Rs.1017  only
total and  SMA-2 which is most worrying always  for any bank, which was Rs.1516 in June 2021
now  it  is  only  Rs.222  Crores.  Going  forward  we  do  not  foresee  much  of the  stress  on  the
corporate book.
Definitely  it  is  a  very  strong performance  and  control  on  the  SMA,  Sir  this  Rs.16788  Crores  of
SMAro, SMA-I  and SMA-2 it includes I believe this Rs.5 Crores also, below Rs.5 Crores?
Yes, both the things we have given.  You have seen a number of accounts  above  Rs.5  Crores, up
to Rs.5 Crores total we have given.
Good Sir, now since we are comfortable on all the parameters what could be the reason according
to you for RBI not taking it out from this PCA when all other banks have been done with. How
positive you are that after this September results how soon we will be out of the PCA?
See,  I  have  no  comments  to  offers  from  the  RBI  perspective  but  one  thing  I  can  make  it very
clear we  want to  assure  them  once  again,  again  we  are  going  back  to  regulator through  a  letter
through  my  SSM  saying  that  the  factors  which  were  contributing  for the  spike  in  provisions  in
the  previous,  previous  years  that  is  already  taken  care  in  this  year,  that  means  this  ageing
provisions  which used to be high in some quarters,  in  some quarters  it used to be less.  What we
did  in  this  financial  year is,  for the entire  financial year we  have  calculated  the  total  provisions
that are required for the ageing iiTespective of the recovery which may happen also definitely, but
as a prudent banker, we have taken the total provisions and we have equated  for the four quarters
even  though  in  one  quarter my  provision requirement is  less  even then  I  have provided  in  such
way that it should take care the spikes in the provisions in the subsequent quarters that means that
we  have  even  those of spikes.  So,  going  forward  we  may  not have  any  problem  as  far as  the
ageing provisions  that  are  going  to come  in the next,  next quarter.  So,  the  same  thing which  in
detail we are going to elaborate to the regulator and also request them to move us out of PCA and
one  more  thing  just  I  would  like  to  clarify  PCA  or  non-PCA  it  is  not  going  to  affect  our
performance, we will continue to do our best and we will be excelling in our area.
Page 7 of 15

Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashok Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Moderator:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
Sir, what was the need of providing  100% for that fraud account of Rs.130 Crores in this quarter,
then  we  were  allowed  four  quarters  so  that  would  have  given  a  little  better  performance  also,
though  of course  it is  taking  care of the  future  liabilities  but since  it  was  allowed  by  RBI  to  be
written  off  in  four  quarters,  what  is  the  reason  of  entire  Rs.130  Crores  being  provided  this
quarter?
Same  reason   Sir.   Same   logic  we   can   apply   here   also  the   way   we   have  evened   out  our
requirements  and the provisions that means we do not want to have any spikes.  So,  in the similar
way  here  also  same  logic  is  followed.  I  do  not  want  to  show  one  time  more  growth  and  more
profit  and  next  time  again  going down,  no  consistency  we  want  to  maintain,  and  we  will  show
and  demonstrate  to  the  market  this  organization  has  come  out  of  the  woods  and  we  will  be
consistent in the performance.
Sir, just  last question on this  co-lending will  you  give some  colour,  I  mean how it benefits to the
bank  and  how  much  like  you  said  that  Rs.380  Crores  is  already  there,  and  you  have  a  very
ambitious target of Rs.3000 Crores or so under the  co-lending scheme.  How much  is  co-lending
for gold and how much  is  co-lending for MSME and other which you have tied up and how is  jt
helping the bank as far as yield returns are concerned?
See, number one gold is yet to yield appreciable number.  It is in double digit only it has to grow.
Coming to housing loan and MSME loans, the co-lending concept if you go into that as a bank in
certain  areas,  I  do  not  have  the  reach.  Number  two  is  monitoring  mechanism  what  banks  are
having  and  then  what  the  NBFCs  are  having  totally  different,  and  we  are  confident  that  the
mechanism what the NBFCs are having they are going to deliver more on the monitoring so that
whatever the  stress  I  foresee  in  MSME  or  in  retail  may  not  happen  in  this  co-lending  portfolio
that is number one. Number two is, I have a surplus of more than Rs.30000 Crores now because
my  CD  ratio  is  very,  very  low  in  the  entire  banking  industry.  Now  I  am  searching  out  for  the
avenues  where  profitable  deployment  will  be  there  and  also  whatever  the  risk  that  arises  on
account of lending will  also be taken care.  On  both the  fronts  this co-lending model works  well
and that is why we have gone  into this  arrangement and going forward we will  be having tie  ups
once this  stabilizes that is  what I  indicated  in  the previous  quarter also,  so  within  a month  or t\fy'o
once this stabilization happens, we will be going furthermore tie ups.
So there you give 80% and this NBFCs they give 20% is not it?
Yes.
80%, 20% is the gel. Our interest rate remains competitive in this.
Definitely. They are competitive sometimes we are better off than in our usual direct lending.  So
it is very competitive.
Thank you very much.  Mr.  Ajmera please come back in the queue. The next question  is from the
line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.
Page 8 of 15

REREffi5Egg±::±±:±±:±±
Ashlesh Sonje:
M V Rao:
Ashlesh Sonje:
M V Rao:
Ashlesh Sonje:
Moderator:
Sohail  Halai:
M  V Rao:
Sohail  Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail  Halai:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26,  2021
Just one  question  from my  side.  I  wanted to know on our corporate NPA books  which  are the
accounts where we expect recoveries during the second half of FY2022?
In the second half we are only just hoping for NARCL to start their operation, so that whatever
the identifled  accounts which are 7 in number and maybe amounting to around 3000 Crores may
move out of our books, 2570 to be precise.
Sir anything apart from NARCL?
Apart from NARCL right now, we are not seeing any visibility in bigger accounts.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sohail  from Antique Stock Broking.
Please go ahead.
Good evening  Sir and  congrats  on  good  set of numbers.  Sir  few  questions  from  my  side;  one  I
just wanted to  understand in terms of this  SMA portfolio a little better.  So  if I  look at basically
the  SMA  portfolio  below  5  Crores  that  is  at  around   15700  Crores?  So  how  comfortable  or
basically how worried are you in terms of these portfolios and how does this portfolio behavior is
different from the pre COVID level, if you could just help understand that?
Just I  would  like  to bring you  back to the June  21  figures.  3599  is the  SMA2.  Earlier also I  have
clarified that SMA2 will be the much more worrying factor for all the bankers rather than SMAO,
so out of 3599  if you see the slippage as what happened in September is around 600, so likewise
even  SMA2  which  is  there  in  September  is  3539.  Going  forward what we  see  is  we  are having
the war room  concept here and then  it is working well  and it is controllable and also we see that
much  of the  slippages  may  not  be  there.  It  is  only  controllable  and  expected  lines  only  that
slippages will happen. That is why our guidance just we have given around  1.5.
Sir  if you  could  shed  some  light  in your experience,  how was  this portfolio  in terms  of the pre-
COVID.  Because this portfolio  is  slightly on the higher side  and you may  look at the declining
trend going forward as well?
See COVID what happened you know because of the  Supreme Court moratorium and all those
issues  the   figures  would   not  give  you  the  comfort  to  infer  anything  from  that.   Meaningful
inferences  may  not  be  there,  but  what  we  see  from  the  SMA2  figures  of June,  September  and
whatever things  that are  slipping  and  the  activities  and  also  geographical  area we  are  confident
that slippages may not be to that extent of what we cannot manage.
Sir is there any overlap between the SMA and the restructured book?
Page 9 of 15

M V Rao:
Sohail  Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
M V Rao:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
There  may be  a  little  spill over here,  but as  a restructured portfolio  our focus  when  it  moves  to
this  one,  SMA  category.  It  will  come  under  SMA  category  but  definitely  as  you  say  that  little
overlap may happen there.
Sir finally broader question in terms of your strategy for probably a  little longer time.  If I actually
at one thing,  slide  13  where you have given the standard  advances exposure,  I see that there  is  a
lot of churning happening where  you  AAA proportion has  actually  increased  quite significantly
and your 888 and even A as actually shnmk and 88 and below. So once we are out of the PCA
frainework would our risk appetite be to go again into these segments and actually lend?
No  Sir.  Never it is going to happen.  We do  not want to  learn the  lessons again  and again,  okay.
Definitely this one, but your observation is quite right regarding the AAA.  What the churning has
also taken place because of the conscious focus that as a bank you know we have lot of CASA.
This is one of the best in the  industry that is 49%.  My cost of deposit is only 3.8%.  There  is no
point for me  even  in the  pricing you know I will  always  have the  upper hand  if I  compare with
my  peers  as  far as  the pricing is  concerned.  There we entered  that market,  so even though  I  am
earning less I know that it is dead sure that nothing is going to happen.  So that is  why our AAA
has gone up and it also aided us in reducing our risk weighted assets portfolio.
Bun  do  you  believe  that  actually  the  corporate  cycle  is  behaving  well  and  because  of the  past
experience do you think that you may miss on the opportunities of making more money?
No.  It  is  not  like  that.  Even  in  the  corporate  side  where  we  are  very  choosy  that  is  what  I  am
saying.  In the corporates now we  are maintaining the balance.  We want to maintain  the balance
of 70:30 and in the near term it will be 68 and 32. In the 32% we know very well what are all the
assets that are maturing in this time and we know what type of assets we have to pickup.  Even on
the pricing side I am getting the good return where I am confident and going for the  SPVs where
totally  it  is  ring-fenced  mechanism  and  we  are totally  avoiding  financing the  gold  portion  now
and we will be focusing on the SPV and we should have a definitive visibility on the equity front
from where  it  is  coming  and what is  the  quality  and strength  of that equity  and  also when  cash
flow  starts  the  total  ring-fencing  should  be  there.  So  there  is  nothing  from  our  side  to  abstain
from  the  opportunities  but  definitely  as  a bank  we  will  be  looking  at the  reasonably  qualitative
corporate portfolio.
Sir  in  this  one more  thing  in  terms  of on the  growth  prospective  because  of cost of funds  is  so
low,  are we actually capturing in terms  of the customers where  the  financial  institution  or other
financial   institution   maybe   given  the   loans   at   a  higher  rate   so   is   the   balance   transferring
happening  to  us  or  how  do  we  actually  look  at  the  growth  in  terms  of the  retail  and  housing
despite a lower cost of fund?
See retail  and housing is entirely different ball game,  it much depends on the refinancing. As  far
as  the  corporate  side  is  concerned  you  are  also  aware  now  in  this  market  very  few  capacity
Page 10 of 15

Sohail Halai:
M  V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
M V Rao:
Mukul N.  Dandige:
Sohail Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail  Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail  Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
Moderator:
Amit Mishra:
M V Rao:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
expansion  or  new  things  are  happening  otherwise  it  is  only  refinancing  where  corporates  are
reducing their cost of borrowing.
Okay  and  there  we  are  seeing  benefit  that  is  reflected  in  actually  growth  in  the  AAA  rated
entities.
Exactly.
Sir finally in terms of just if you could actually give an outlook in terms of how much would we
selling  down  to  NARC  and  broadly  your  require  from  the  technical  write  off.  How  do  we
actually look forward towards these two numbers in next three, four, five quarters?
Yes NARCL we can give reasonably calculated numbers.
We  have  seven  accounts  which  are  identified  out  of 22  as you  are  aware  there  are  22  accounts
pan industry and our exposure there is 2507 Crores so the reduction expected through NARCL is
2500 Crores.
Sir  if could  also  help  in  terms  of the  treatment  whether  these  would  be  written  off or  fully
provided accounts.
I can say out of 7 all of them are fully provided,100°/o provided for.
This will come as basically the provision write back in the provision line item and the gross NPA
will  fall.
Yes whatever we recover we will add to the bottomline.
The gross NPA will fall by 2500 Crores?
Exactly.
This  is  very  helpful.  Thanks  a  lot and  all  the best.  If I  have  anything  more  I  will  come  back  in
queue.
Thank  you.  The  next  question  is  from  the  line  of Amit  Mishra  from  Indus  Equity.  Please  go
ahead.
Good evening  Sir.  Thanks  for the opportunity.  I have two questions.  Seeing this  as  loan growth
opportunity, which segment are we expected to contribute growth for us and the second question
is what is the recovery pipeline for second half of the year?
See  the recovery pipeline that is what  in the bigger accounts.  What we  see  is only NARCL that
bigger  accounts  will  move  out  from  our  book  and  then  because  since  this   is  all  are   100%
Page  11  of 15

Amit Mishra:
Moderator:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
provided  that  will  be  contributing  to  our  bottomline  in  appreciable  extent.  As  far  as  the  loan
gro\^th  is  concerned  it  is  on  track as  far as  the  corporate  book which  we  are  eyeing  for that  30
what  I  am  again  repeating 30% and  32%.  So  we  are  in a  position  to  pick  up  the  asset there  we
never any issues  as  far as  the  loan growth on the corporate book.  Coming to the  RAM  segment
yes now we are focusing more  on the growth side on the retail  segment,  agriculture and MSME
and coupled with that it will be our co-lending will be complimenting to this portfolio.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.  The next question is  from the  line of Ashoka Ajmera  from Ajcon Global
Services.  Please go ahead.
Thanks  for the  opportunity again.  Taking this  our NARCL  discussion  forward,  so  almost  about
I.5%  of our  gross  NPA  will  come  down  in  the  next  quarter  when  this  2507  Crores  goes  so  it
becomes our gross NPA will otherwise also come down to  14% is not it?
Correct. Perfect.
Sir one  more  thing  in  the  case  of the  Srei  you  know we  objected  to  the  section  of government
saying that I was solvent and I could have you know run the business with restructuring and other
thing, so  it means he is capable of paying the amount and this  thing so  almost I  mean  full  50%
provision  is that informal message  from the RBI because the other bank today said that we  also
made  50%  provision  as  against  the   15%  which  is  mandatory  required,  so  have  you  got  some
feelers that minimum 500/o has to  be provided for?
No  such  type  of direction  or  indication  from  anyone.  It  is  only  our  own  internal  capability  of
providing that amount  since  we  had  the  opportunity to  provide  we  have provided  and  whatever
the Srei's comments on this platform I have no comments to offer.
Now point well taken Sir. Answer well taken. Sir in case of DHFL also though the settlement has
taken and  Piramal  has  paid  you the  cash and the bond but still  the  banks are saying that we  can
still  go  against  the  promoters  because  they  had  given  personal  guarantee  and  there  are  some
prospect of recovery?
That is there. Personal guarantee invocation is there.
So any assessment of some possibility of, I mean any idea of some more?
No speculations  at this  time because  lot of things  are  involved.  Okay that  legal  provision  is there
and everyone is exploring that.
When I was abruptly cut in the first time of my opportunity because I had taken a lot of time.  We
were  on  the  point  of this  NBFC  and  co-lending  so  there  I  was  asking  you  that yes  it  is  a  very
good move and you said that you have got lot of because your CD  ratio is only 52.29% and you
Page  12 of 15

esEHHfiREifeisREHREREEfiHEREHREHREfiHEE5RERE
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Vivek Wahi:
Aslioka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
have  lot  of cash  to  deploy  so  I  was just  asking  whether  in  that  case  you  are  open  to  A+  rated
NBFC for direct lending also for the priority sector or othelwise?
Through  co-lending  route  only  we  would  like  to  increase  our  book  there.  As  far  as  direct
financing to NBFCs because we have intemally fixed ourselves that 10% of our loan book should
be  towards  the  NBFCs.  Right now we  have  around  11.7% or  11.8% that  is  why direct  financing
to NBFCs  is not happening at our end except for the exposure neutral  lending.  New one may  be
going forward we may see but not at this moment.
That is also another opportunity you know because all this NBFCs are doing very well these days
again.
But always, we always learnt rich are incubated only during the good times.
Ashoka ji,  Vivek  Wahi  this  side  if NBFCs  are  really  doing  very  that  means  they  are  growing
more than  loo/o.  If they are growing more than  loo/o then for them also co-lending is a very good
Option.
That is  okay,  but there  are  I think some practical problems  also especially I saw in case of gold
lending and the security creation, the gap between the you know there are any way, those are the
problem which,  I mean these are the teething problems  because you are expand your business  in
that direction because the main thing is you know the security creation, coming to the bank vault
and the certification, the valuation, and all those things, so co-lending as its own issue. But direct
lending and especially to the private sector onward lending I do not think should be a problem.
Not a problem but only our internal, our own restrictions what we have kept ourselves.
Alright Sir apart from your retail and co-lending do you see any green shoots now in the business
industry,  MSME,  some  mid  size  corporate because unless you do that to  increase the book size,
loan  book.  I  think only  by retail  or this  very big  competitive  product you  may  not achieve  that
kind  of thing  when  you  are  so  comfortable  52.29% of the  CD  ratio  and  good  capital  adequacy
norms. So are you looking at are you working on that?
We are open to you know all avenues as far as  lending is concerned.  Only base rule is again we
should  not  go  back  and  repent  afterwards  that  is  the  only  base  rule  we  have.  Just  what  I  was
saying  is  we  are open to  all  avenues  as  far as the  lending  is  concerned.  Only principal  and  base
rule  what  we  apply  is  we  should  not repent  in  future.  That's  all.  That  is  the  only  base  rule  we
apply.
That prudence is required in the base rule because of that the bank is now again coming back you
know  its  past  glory having said  that  Sir on  the  treasury  income  what  is  your  future  outlook  on
that  and  you  said  I  think  in  some  of the  answering  some  of it  as  a  question  that  you  are  very
comfortable on your yield.
Page  13 of 15

HER
M V Rao:
Ashoka Ajmera:
M V Rao:
Moderator:
Sohail Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
It  is  not that  comfort.  Comfort we  are  deriving  an  account  the  way  we  have  immune  our ASF
book from the possible increase in yields that we are foreseeing.  We had that ink link and now it
is  coming  true what we  expected  as  far as  the  yields  are  concerned.  In  that perspective  we  had
tweaked  and also shifted lot of securities  in the month of April. At that point,  whatever the  loss
we have booked because of the shifting that appears to be very small amount.  Now what we have
seen in the increase in the yields when  it has gone for the MTM.  So for keeping that in mind we
had moderated and also shifted that is why our moderate duration and PV01, all  the things are in
place. Even for December if yield touches 6.5% we are totally immune from that MTM losses.
Yes because you got almost about 1750 Crores this half year from the treasury operations?
I think we lost Mr. Ajmera.
Thank you very much.  In the  meanwhile  we will  move  on  to the  next  question that  is  from the
line of Sohail Halai from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead.
Good evening Sir.  Sirjust couple of questions again.  One if I actually look at your loan to deposit
ratio of 52%.  In the  environment what we  believe  is  slowly  and steadily the  interest would  rise
and  probably the  liquidity  will  get tightened.  in  this  can  you  actually tell  me  how  far away  are
you from basically raising the rates in terms of your deposits?
RIght now there is no thought on that and as and when the situation evolves again our ALCO will
meet  and  take  the  appropriate  decisions  at  that  juncture.  Right  at  this  moment,  we  are  not
tweaking any of the rates and we are also conscious because of our presence in the rural and semi
urban  areas  and  also  our  demographic  exposure  tilted  towards  us,  the  senior  citizens  we  do  not
want  to  reduce  the  deposit  rates  even  at  this  moment  it  is  very  easy  for  me,  but  keeping  our
commitment to the society and senior citizens problem our committee has taken the view that let
us not reduce the rate drastically, let us maintain and whatever the liquidity we have let us go for
the profitable deployment.
Sir let me little rephrase the question say about 6 months or 9 months down the line probably the
private banks may start raising their deposit rates, would we actually chase private banks in terms
of raising  the  deposit  rates  or  we  would  be  comfortable  till  the  time  there  is  liquidity  in  our
balance sheet?
See one thing I can tell you.  We will be balancing our activities  from the proactive measure and
reactive measures.  We  will  not be totally  fully  on the reactive  side  when  other bank raises  then
we will think what to do or liquidity exhaust at our end what to do. In that way we would not go.
We will  be balancing  and anyhow on  daily basis we have the  liquidity reports  on  our MIS.  We
will  be taking the conscious decision on that.  It is premature for me  forecast at this moment.
No Sir I agree. The only question that actually came in my mind is probably in the medium term
prospective while we have very,  very excess  liquidity, this  could help  us  as well as  some  of the
other PSU  banks  because  the  cost of fund  differential  will  continue  to  increase  as  the  liquidity
Page  14 of 15

M V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
M V Rao:
Sohail Halai:
Moderator:
Prabal Gandhi:
M V Rao:
Prabal Gandhi:
Moderator:
Central Bank of India Limited
October 26, 2021
pent up between us and the private banks, so just wanted to collaborate that with you.  Sir second
in terms of you have actually grown significantly as discussed in terms of the AAA book, but if I
look  at  the  current  account  growth  that  has  still  muted  are  we  able  to  in  terms  of increase  the
relationship or strengthen the relationship with some of the large corporates and your thoughts on
that?
That  is  the  precise  reason  why  we  are  entering  into  AAA  with  the  pricing  advantage  what  we
have and we  have already worked out  for the two big  corporate how ancillary business can also
be  taken  into,  so  that  value  added  services  and  also  to  their  employees  and  retail  out  to  their
employees,  all  sort of things  we have bundled  it together,  so  the way you see the private  banks
are making the ecosystem some terminology we may not be using the terminology but precisely
we are doing the same activities so that once we have an entry we want to ring fence the entire
cash flows not only for the company to all the employees further added to that we have gone one
step  ahead  of taking  their  creditors  and  debtors  information  so  that  we  can  also  explore  for
further business.
This is basically the entry point and then you would be targeting the entire ecosystem.
Exactly.
That is  it Sir.  That is it from my side. Thanks a lot and all the best Sir.
Thank  you  very  much.  That  was  the  last  question  for  today.  I  would  now  like  to  hand  the
conference to Prabal Gandhi for closing comments. Over to you Sir!
On  behalf of Antique  Stock  Broking  I  would  like  to  thank the  entire  management  of Central
Bank of India and MV Rao Sir especially for the time that he has given us and Sir would you like
to make some closing remarks?
First of all thank you for sparing your time and we would like to assure you to the market that we
will  continue to perform  and excel  in our operations  and whatever the interests you  are showing
earlier please continue to bestow such type of interests in our bank. Thank you.
Definitely   Sir.   Thank   you   so   much   and   we   will   end   this   call.   Thank   you   everyone   for
participating.
Thank you  very  much.  Participants  on  behalf of Antique  Stock  Broking Limited  that concludes
this conference call. Thank you forjoining us. You may now disconnect your lines.
Page 15 of 15
