Cyient Ltd. 
 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
 CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
  Units Layout, Madhapur       
 www.cyient.com 
  Hyderabad -500 081       
 Company.secretary@cyient.com 
  India       
  T +91 40 6764 1000  
  F +91 40 2311 0352 
 The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 Exchange Plaza,       
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)        
 Mumbai-400 051.  
  Scrip Code: CYIENT 
8 November 2021 
The BSE Limited        
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street    
Mumbai 400001. 
Scrip Code: 532175 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the earnings conference call 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q2 FY22 earnings conference call conducted after the Meeting 
of board of directors held on 14 October 2021. 
  Thanking you, 
 For Cyient Limited 
 Ravi Kumar Nukala 
 Dy. Company Secretary 

 
 
Page 1 of 38 
 
 
 
“Cyient Limited Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGGARWAL -- EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. KARTHIK NATARAJAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
 
 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 38 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call of Cyient Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu – M.D. and CEO. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Thank you very much. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen 
and welcome to Cyient Limited’s Earning Call for the Second 
Quarter of Financial Year 2022. I am Krishna Bodanapu, 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Cyient. 
Present with me on this call are Mr. Ajay Aggarwal, 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Karthik Natarajan, Executive Director and Chief Operating 
Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the 
statements made in today's discussions maybe forward-
looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in our ‘Investor 
Update’ which has been e-mailed to you and is also available 
on our website. This call will be accompanied with an 
‘Earnings Call Presentation’; details of the same have already 
been shared with you. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 38 
With this, let me take you through the highlights for the 
quarter. In US dollar terms, we posted revenue of $150.1 
million which was a growth of 11.2% YoY and 4.6% QoQ, 
5.6% QoQ in constant currency. In rupee terms, we posted 
quarterly revenue of INR 1,112 crores. This signifies a growth 
of 10.8% YoY and 5.1% QoQ. Services revenues stood at 
$124.6 million, a growth of 9.2% YoY, 5.5% QoQ in constant 
currency and 4.5% in dollar terms. Workforce Delta, which 
was an acquisition, contributed to about 0.5% to this growth. 
DLM revenue stood at $25.5 million, a growth of 22.3% YoY 
and 5.4% QoQ. Group EBIT margin stood at 14%, up 301 
basis points YoY and 90 basis points QoQ. In the last seven 
years, this is the highest EBIT margin that we have delivered. 
Free cash generation for the quarter was at INR2,050 million 
or Rs.205 crores, a conversion of 97% on EBITDA and  169%  
on PAT. Finally, PAT stood at INR121.3 crores or INR1,213 
million for the quarter; this is a growth of 44.7% YoY or 5.5% 
QoQ and this also is among the highest PAT that we have 
delivered purely from operations.  
Coming to the highlights of the quarter, we strengthened our 
Digital Solutions Suite, which we have branded as 
IntelliCyient, through the acquisition of Workforce Delta. 
Workforce Delta is a consulting company with expertise in 
advising and executing workforce management programs for 
companies globally. This acquisition is in line with our 
strategic part of enabling digital transformation for our clients 
through the IntelliCyient framework. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 38 
We expanded our Digital Solutions portfolio for the 
Aerospace industry with PPAP4Aero which is a global 
AS9145, which is aerospace certification supplier compliant 
software framework. The Microsoft Azure ITAR is the 
compliant framework for aerospace and defense in the US. 
The ITAR compliant SaaS cloud app and global support 
services solution reduces costs while ensuring the quality of 
manufactured parts for aerospace and again with the 
anticipated ramp up and with what's happening in aerospace 
this positions our digital offering for aerospace very well. 
We were recognized as a Rising Star in the Connected 
Mobility Consulting and Services in the ISG Provider Lens 
Internet of Things -- Services and Solutions Study. 
We enhanced our Additive Manufacturing solutions with the 
implementation of an SLM 280 System in Florida. The 
additive manufacturing is again a key aspect of digital 
offerings for us given that a number of our customers are very 
high precision, high-end manufacturing companies. The 
ability for them to manufacture just in time especially for 
aftermarket replacement parts and prototype becomes very-
very important and therefore this is a key element of our 
digital offering and this is a system that actually is quite 
unique, in the sense that it has the ability to create parts from 
five different metals like titanium, magnesium, of course, 
steel alloy, so on and so forth. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 38 
We achieved Select Tier Status in the Amazon Web Services 
Partner Network. This partnership differentiates Cyient as a 
provider of specialized demonstrated technology proficiency 
and customer success. 
We also joined the TM Forum to collaborate with global 
service providers. The TM Forum is a forum of 850 members 
including 10 of the world's largest telecom service providers 
and we will become a member of a very small group within 
that which helps define the future of networking standards, 
technologies, etc., 
We continue to significantly strengthen the management 
team. I'm also very happy and proud to announce that 
Rajaneesh Kini joined us as the Senior Vice President and 
Chief Technology Officer. Rajaneesh will lead the technology 
development at Cyient and be responsible for our technology 
vision building competency and the relevant market-ready 
solutions. Rajaneesh comes with a lot of background in 
engineering and R&D. I'm quite confident that with his 
leadership in place we will continue to accelerate our solution 
development into the future and for many years to come. 
With this I would like to hand the call over to Mr. Ajay 
Aggarwal, who will take you through the detailed financial 
performance for the quarter. Thank you and over to you, Ajay. 
Ajay Aggarwal: Thank you, Krishna. In the beginning, let me say it is well-
rounded performance that we have got in this quarter in line 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 38 
with our anticipation. On all the lines, revenue, profit and 
cash, I will talk about all three of them.  
Let me start by talking about the revenue. As Krishna said, we 
have $150.1 million as the total revenue in this quarter and 
quarter-on-quarter if you look at the constant currency 
growth, it's about 5.6%. What we have got from our new 
acquisition, Workforce Delta that we had announced, that has 
been about $900,000 or 0.7% of the revenue that's also 
included in this. 
In terms of the DLM, we have a growth of about 5.4% and we 
have clocked $25.5 million. And the way we are looking at 
the demand, the order intake and pipeline we are very 
confident of being able to continue this growth traction and it 
is quite well rounded. You can see a little blip in EMEA but 
that's because of some cyclicality of orders in DLM. On the 
services side, the EMEA is also positive. 
In terms of our profitability, this has been extremely, 
extremely gratifying quarter for us. We have clocked 14% as 
the EBIT margin which is about 90 bps higher quarter-on-
quarter and 301 bps higher year-on-year. What has happened 
in terms of margin is that we have got extremely good set of 
operational improvements that have come in. We have got the 
benefit of the growth which has also kicked in and we are 
confident about all the parameters which are building up to 
this kind of 14% margin which also includes our services 
margin of 15.5%. I think that structural build will continue to 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 38 
around 15-15.5% margin in this year and get back to 17% in 
the next two years, that's very much there. 
In terms of DLM, we have done about 6.8% as the margin. 
The profit after tax as Krishna said is Rs.121.3 crores or Rs. 
1,213 million INR and this is an increase of 5.5% quarter-on-
quarter and 44% year-on-year. Our earliest highest profit also 
included some of the one-offs including the government 
benefits and things like that. So, we are getting quite close to 
what we have done in the past and you will see the journey 
from here will be the new milestones only. In fact there are no 
surprises, we are doing well in line with what we had 
anticipated and what we guided for. 
Let me go through EBIT. We have provided you what exactly 
has happened. Primarily I think company's focus remains on 
the operational improvements. We are also letting go of some 
revenue. You would see that our offshoring is moving very 
nicely; I think in the last 4-6 quarters we have moved about 
6% in offshoring, currently we are at about 52% of offshoring 
and we are continuing to see offshoring will improve. That 
also creates a little bit of headwind on the revenue but our 
focus is on profitability. We're also trying to see that how can 
we let go of some of the less profitable business. So, all these 
initiatives are really helping us. 
In terms of the headwinds, I would say there are two things 
which are happening; one is looking at the whole dynamics in 
the market and the attrition rates, we continue to make sure 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 38 
that we are providing differentiated merit increases and we 
will continue to do some of it in Q3 and Q4 also and we are 
also making sure that Krishna talked about this technology 
landscape, the new chief technology officer joining us and we 
will continue to invest about 1-1.5% of our revenue into the 
investment. 
Last comment I would make is that if you look at this margin, 
this is after bringing in some expenses like travel and other 
overheads which are not normal in the earlier quarters but we 
are also making sure that we are back to normal training, 
normal retention initiatives, normal investments in the 
business and we will be continuing in the next two quarters 
and headwinds will also remain in terms of making sure we 
have the retention of people and some investments in 
technology in the coming quarters. 
In terms of the free cash flow which is coming up we have a 
cash balance of Rs.1,403 crores. I think this is the highest that 
we have done and we have done extremely good conversion 
in this quarter. We did have a muted Q1, but if you look at 
overall for H1 we have clocked 70%-plus kind of conversion 
and we will continue to have that kind of conversion. One 
thing I want to mention is we have really got a good reduction 
of about nine days in our DSO and we are confident that not 
only we will sustain it, but also further improve it. 
With this, I hand over the call to Karthik for the business 
update. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 38 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: Thank you, Ajay, thank you, Krishna. Good evening, 
everyone and I hope all of you are safe and healthy. And I just 
want to start off by saying that I hope you remember that our 
company had announced an organization structure same time 
last year in October and we said we are really structuring 
ourselves as transportation, communications, utilities and 
portfolio of sectors and I think that's really playing off in terms 
of what we expected. We expected the portfolio of sectors to 
be the fastest growing followed by communications with 
utilities and transport due to the challenges that we have seen 
on aerospace. And also from a broad-based demand driver 
standpoint, I think engineering and R&D is probably on a cusp 
of secular long-term growth aided by the sustainability which 
is around the 2050 carbon-neutral program. I think everybody 
wants to accelerate that. I don't think we as a community can 
wait till 2050. It has to be accelerated in a big way. And also 
followed by the supply chain disruptions caused by 
semiconductor. I think that's really creating a significant of 
opportunities for players like us. 
And third is of course the digital transformation. I think this 
is definitely on the cards and we are really seeing growth on 
digital as we started setting up the dedicated business unit last 
year. If you remember we have shared around the same time 
last year and also followed by hyper connectivity. I think the 
world would be a lot more connected and thanks to fiber and 
5G and I think pandemic has taught all of us how a lot of 
things can be done remotely with e-commerce growing, I 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 38 
think people can be connected to supply and demand 
irrespective of all of them needing to be at the same place. I 
think this is going to drive a significant amount of investments 
especially in US and other geographies on the connectivity 
part. 
And having said that, our current performance on Q2 and if 
you look at Transportation has shown a 2.6% quarter-on-
quarter growth and if you look at the third column from the 
left and the Aerospace has come back to growth trajectory like 
what we have said it is not in a hyper growth mode but at least 
it started coming back as compared to what we thought about 
a year ago and which is a good sign.  
Communications and Utilities continues to grow and we are 
confident that this will grow double digit for year-on-year as 
you can see we have 12.5% growth as of Q2. And portfolio of 
sectors, I think this is where the acceleration is happening and 
aided by Semiconductor, Automotive, Medical Devices, 
Mining, I think all of them are seeing all-round growth, I think 
that's definitely visible in terms of what we have seen in Q2. 
And overall we have grown about 11.2% year-on-year in Q2 
as compared to 9.9% that we have shown in Q1 which is 
definitely an acceleration that we are seeing on the demand 
side. And also, we have talked about setting up a large deal 
factory. We are still halfway through and we started seeing 
some early green shoots and we have closed about six deals 
of $63.5 million and four from services and one from DLM 
and another one what we call the composite B2S deal which 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 38 
is the engineering to manufacturing, and that's something 
which is definitely an early signal that we will be able to 
unlock more deals on the B2S side. 
So, if we really start getting down to specific verticals, 
communications and utilities I think this is definitely going to 
be on the hyper connected world that we are talking about and 
we will see investments across the broadband networks 
especially in NAM and Europe. And also, as you would have 
seen the TM Forum and other investment that we are making 
I think it is definitely starting to pay off. And we also set out 
a network transformation led by technology. I think that's 
going to be our growth trajectory over the next three to five 
years. And we are also recognized by Peak Metrix from 
Everest Group as a 5G contender. I think that's definitely a 
great recognition from analysts. And many of our investments 
are around the private wireless and technology transformation 
called networks. I think all of them are paying out as we 
anticipated. 
Utilities have definitely started coming back to the party 
which is a good sign and we have been able to work on some 
of the cloud native next generation spatial information system 
and we have been able to bring in data transformation, system 
integration kind of projects and we are continuing to see a 
momentum from the utilities side across UK, Australia as well 
as in North America. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 38 
DLM has seen a quarter-on-quarter growth. And we talked 
about last quarter there was a specific issue. But I think it is 
joining the growth trajectory as we anticipated. The supply 
constraints continue to be a challenge around semiconductors 
and some of the electronic components. But I think this is 
definitely robust trajectory as we expected. 
Transportation, I think Aerospace, I am sure this question is 
definitely going to come, “How are you seeing the aerospace 
growth?” And I think the domestic travel has come back to 
70% to 75% which is still patchy globally, for example, US 
could be about 85-90% and Europe could be about 70-75% 
and the rest of Asia could be around 60-65%. But the 
intercontinental flights have still not come back and they are 
still less than 50%. I think both are important for the industry 
to come back to growth trajectory. We started seeing some 
early green shoots and we hope it continues to grow for us in 
the next 2-3 quarters. 
On rail we have seen some of the couple of customer specific 
issues and that's the reason why you are seeing a negative 
growth for this quarter, but I think we are confident that we 
should be able to really get this issue fixed in the next 2-3 
quarters. 
Portfolio of Services. As you can imagine the medical devices 
and technology, I think this is going to be again a high growth 
segment for us and we are confident that we'll see more than 
20% growth in this particular segment though it is small but 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 38 
we are confident that this is going to be an area that we are 
strengthening and across digital, embedded and the design led 
manufacturing services. 
And semiconductors, this is going to see a patchy growth and 
we are seeing huge demand, we are also constrained by supply 
and we are trying to see how we balance it out. And due to the 
semiconductor glut that was seen in the last 12 months, it's 
likely to continue for two more years and that is creating some 
new demand and we are trying to prepare ourselves to address 
this demand. And we are confident that this will also start 
seeing a double-digit growth for the year. 
Continuing on the portfolio of sectors, Automotive and Off 
Highway, will be driven by the sustainability. I talked about 
electrification and two-thirds of the new vehicles sold will be 
electric and we are close to one of the large deals in this 
quarter on the electric platform customer and very interested 
to look at disrupting the whole electric vehicle platforms. We 
will share more details as we get the confirmation from 
customer to talk about it. 
I am continuing to see momentum across Mining and Natural 
Resources. And this is one of the acquisitions that if you 
remember we have done with IG Partners. I think that's really 
playing off well and we are seeing the growth from both 
consulting and engineering services as well as on the digital 
transformation. I think this is a sector which will continue to 
grow at more than 40-50% year-on-year. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 38 
Geospatial barring one customer I think this has seen about 
15% growth but still this is yet to get into the growth 
trajectory. Probably rail and geospatial are the two segments 
which has to really start getting into the growth trajectory as 
we exit this financial year. 
So, with that I would just summarize saying that I think we 
have a good organization structure and the leadership team in 
place. And we have a great strategy and we started talking 
about pillars of growth. And interestingly, our pillars of 
growth which is about one-fourth of our revenue is growing 
at 30%. And if we are able to get that to about third of our 
business growing at 30%, I think that would really help us to 
confidently say that we'll start seeing the double-digit growth 
for the next few years. So, that's what I would really 
summarize.  
Krishna Bodanapu: Thank you, Karthik. If I may just give a quick outlook for 
the rest of the year, we continue to expect that the services 
business will grow in double digit for the year; we have a line 
of sight to that and the mathematics also supports that that we 
will have a good growth in Q3 also. As you know that Q3 is a 
little bit of a challenge for us because of number of working 
days but this time around we're quite confident that the 
demand that is there and the ramp ups that have happened that 
challenge will be overcome. Of course, like-for-like there will 
be a dip in the capacity which will put a little bit of pressure 
on margin because now for the same person we have fewer 
number of days that we can be productive, but that's a point in 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 38 
time thing but overall as a company we are confident that we 
will grow quite nicely in Q3 and of course in double digits for 
the year. 
DLM will be in the range of 15% to 20%. We do continue to 
have some significant supply chain challenges there. So, 
there's a little bit of a right shift that is now impacting us and 
that's why we're a little bit muted there but we're very 
confident it will be in that 15% to 20% range. 
For the year, we expect margins to improve by at least 300 
basis points compared to 200 basis points that we've talked 
about that we saw at the beginning of the year.  
Like I said there's still some interesting dynamics at play 
given the attrition, we are re-looking at our salary structures, 
etc., as we speak. And also like I said while overall there will 
be growth in Q3, per person productivity or per person 
availability of capacity actually comes down and therefore 
that also puts a bit of pressure on margin. That's why we are 
quite confident that we will do at least 300 basis points. In the 
current steady state margins are between 13.5% and 14%, of 
course, this quarter we were at the higher end of that range 
and will continue to be there for the rest of the year within that 
range. So, these are good sustainable margins. And we also 
believe that once there's a little bit more stability that comes 
to the recruiting side of the market, margins will then further 
increase but also I want to say, the services margins are 
looking quite good at about 16% and we will continue within 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 38 
that range for the rest of year. Other income will be in line 
with previous years and the effective tax rate will be in this 
25% to 26% range. So, overall net-net, I think we're going to 
have a reasonably strong year on growth but a very strong year 
on profitability and we're quite confident that we have the line 
of sight towards these numbers for the rest of the year. 
With that I'll hand it back to the moderator to moderate the 
questions-and-answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Shah 
from Equirus Securities.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Just the question in terms of the services business growth, I 
think we are reiterating our double-digit growth. I believe this 
is in US dollar terms and that requires close to a 4% 
compounded QoQ. So, you still believe that despite furloughs 
can achieve this run rate as a whole or you believe 4Q could 
be heavy lifting and 3Q could be slightly softer as a whole? 
And a question in terms of margins, are we saying the second 
half at consol level could be between 13-14%, what could be 
the tailwinds and the headwinds which could be there? And at 
services, I think what I get to understand for the second half, 
we are riding for close to 16% range as a whole. 
Krishna Bodanapu: On the growth of services, we continue to be confident. 
You're right, Q3 has a bit of a headwind with the number of 
working days, etc., but also that's quite negated by the number 
of new people that we're adding, that is the capacity increase. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 38 
Like I said, the challenge is really in the capacity per person 
because of number of working days but total capacity we are 
actually hiring quite aggressively and of course it is a difficult 
market and therefore we have to be a little bit prudent. We are 
still giving up a few percent of growth every quarter because 
of the supply side challenges but we'll park that aside. But net-
net to answer your question, we are quite confident that we 
will hit double digit for the year based on the demand, based 
on what is going on at the moment. Also on the margin, I'll 
say for the year we're saying 300 basis points will be 
improvement in margin but really this 13.5 to 14% is the range 
that we will be for the rest of the year, I mean, we started off 
a little bit pessimistically, we've done much better, but there 
are a couple of headwinds that we will start to run into. First 
is that there is some degree of normalcy that's returning, so 
some of the costs around travel, marketing, events, etc., are 
coming back, that's a relatively smaller one. But more 
importantly, one is we will have to do one more round of 
salary corrections. I wouldn't say one more round of hikes in 
general because I think we will do it in a nuanced manner, so 
it doesn't put things out of control, but we will have to do one 
more level of corrections which will have an impact. And the 
second thing is we also continue to invest quite aggressively, 
I mean, I think one of the things that I'll also point out and 
perhaps Karthik will talk a little bit more detail is if you look 
at our growth, our growth has really come from some of the 
newer technologies and areas that we focus on. We call it the 
five pillars of growth and the two obvious ones are digital and 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 38 
embedded software. That's where a lot of our growth is 
coming and combination of that business is growing almost 
30% year-on-year. We were a little bit late to some of these 
technologies and some of this game but we're really catching 
on and it has given us a lot of confidence that we are going to 
be very strong players. The acknowledgement from ISG who 
are leaders in ranking technology companies, we are a strong 
player gives us a lot of confidence that we should continue to 
aggressively invest in building technology, building 
capability, capacity, bring the right people for the newer areas 
which is what we'll continue to do. So, a combination of 
normalcy returning, salary adjustments and investments are 
the headwinds that we're going to face. 
Sandeep Shah: 
In the last few quarters, we were highlighting there is a 
scarcity of talent for us in terms of digital engineering. So, can 
you give us some color in terms of how are we making sure 
that those things do not occur. What are the plans in terms of 
reskilling, upskilling on digital engineering as a whole? 
Krishna Bodanapu: The shortage of the digital and embedded software, that part 
of the equation continues. But having said that though we are 
getting a lot better at creating our own supply that is reskilling 
people, upskilling people, taking people with maybe half the 
capability but spending 3-6 months on training them, I think 
that's one. The second thing is in this business it also is a 
virtuous cycle in the sense that if we get the right kind of 
people then we can hire more people and I think we're also in 
that virtuous cycle now because we've built a reasonable sort 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 38 
of C-team and therefore we're able to attract better people. 
And the third thing is I think we're also able to go to different 
sources, not just the traditional sources of either laterals or 
freshers but also train people, get people with similar 
backgrounds but then be able to get them on with the right 
training, etc., So, that's helped. I don't want to say we are out 
of the woods yet. I think there's still a lot of pressure on these 
skills. And like I said we're giving up at least a point or two 
or 100 or 200 basis points of growth every quarter, but we're 
working hard on solving that 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just on the aerospace, wanted to understand because last few 
quarters we are showing a positive growth and this quarter it 
has picked up. So, is it largely concentrated towards defense 
or commercial aerospace and within commercial aerospace, is 
it more towards the Avionics and the maintenance overall, can 
you throw some colors on the nature of growth which is 
coming within aerospace? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: What we are seeing is the aftermarket revenue which 
is coming back, that's what we expect first to recover and 
followed by new aircraft manufacturing that is going to come 
back to the previous level. So, the ramp up is happening. So, 
manufacturing, engineering is the second one. And third, the 
Avionics upgrade and working on integrated area mix with 
cloud. I think some of these areas are going to be seeing 
growth. And also with electrification on mobility across aero, 
rail and auto and we will also see that's going to come back 
because sustainability is going to be critical for this whole 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 38 
industry. So, there is an investment led by a lot of 
governments and that's going to really drive the next set of 
growth. So, the profile of growth will be a lot different than 
what we have lost in the last 18-months, but we are really 
confident that this will really start bouncing back in the next 
12-months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Just one broader question I have that is with so much of 
momentum around ER&D space and most industry analysts 
talking about meaningful pickup in spend, do you think 
maybe next year we may see meaningful pickup in bookings 
or growth profiles which could be for multiple years to 
follow? And we can come in line with somewhere closer to 
some of what your peers are reporting or do you think that we 
are still some time away from that kind of growth? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: Vikas, what I would really say that is some of them are 
secular for the next three, four years. For example, 
communications, utilities, semiconductors, automotive, 
medical devices and mining. We are seeing that I think this 
growth will continue for the next two to three years. As far as 
the other segments whether it is rail or aero, I covered in terms 
of what I talked about and we need to recover back to the 
previous levels of 2019 which is likely to happen by 2023. I 
think the real demand drivers are essentially led by what I 
talked about the hyper connectivity, the digital transformation 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 21 of 38 
and the time-to-market which is one of the key elements the 
customers realize that this is an opportunity for them to 
significantly reduce their time to market, some of the cases 
they are talking about 30-50% reduction and that's something 
which is likely to continue for this entire decade. In fact, what 
I would really call it as this is going to be a decade of century 
as far as the engineering and R&D is concerned and led 
essentially 
by 
technology 
transformation 
and 
with 
sustainability big on the agenda and apart from the digital 
transformation. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Some little colors on bookings. Do you think that bookings 
can actually meaningfully accelerate maybe next year or 
maybe the current kind of a run rate? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: I would say we'll wait for another two more quarters 
before we start doing the pull up and I think definitely the 
momentum is back and purse is open for many of the 
customers which is a good news. We need to see the size of 
the deals and the opportunities that are going to come out of 
the table and digital is still probably small to start with and 
then it becomes big. We need to see how the digital 
transformation is going to really start getting big. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar 
from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
A Shindadkar: 
A couple of questions: The first one is on the transportation 
growth on a YoY basis and especially for the services 
business. Anything to call out in terms of the weakness for 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 22 of 38 
that practice. I mean, is it centered on any customer or any 
comment could be helpful? The second question is on the 
bookings number. Now, the services bookings on a H1 basis 
are up 15% and you are doing the $120 million per quarter. 
Can you segregate this how much of it is because of the 
change in the organization structure because of recovery from 
the clients? What I'm trying to understand is the changes in 
the organization structure whether it is reflected in the 
booking number or we are yet to see that? And the third is 
more a strategy question on the DLM piece. Krishna, with the 
PLI opportunity in India and we have a DLM business, is there 
a strategy where we can capture that market, just wanted to 
get your thoughts, I mean, have we thought in that direction 
or are there any conversations? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: I would really say that is order book is not necessarily 
a reflection of the structure because I think it really started 
coming along well. We have the right leadership in place. We 
are happy with the progress that we made in the last 12 months 
and I think we are really trying to put the company on three 
specific core growth objectives; one is driving large deal and 
second is driving the five pillars of growth that Krishna talked 
about and third is about how do we really take our top 25-
accounts and make them to grow disproportionately. I think 
that's essentially what is playing out. I will really say that I'll 
wait for another two or three quarters to see that this is secular. 
I think the structure has really played out well because there 
is a clear accountability in the front end and everybody is 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 23 of 38 
absolutely excited to really drive the growth independently. I 
think that has really played out well so far. On your other 
question on transport, I would say the aerospace is going to 
see about 3% to 5% growth and rail also will see around the 
same number and probably we could have grown by double 
digit on rail and it is driven by a couple of customers project 
shifting together and we hope it starts coming back by end of 
this financial year. I think probably we'll see definitely a better 
growth for the next year to come with aero recovery from steel 
and rail also starting to join the growth trajectory and we are 
confident that next year will be a lot better than this year for 
transport. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Last part of your question around DLM. The problem with 
some of the India businesses we have to be very careful with 
the margin. We've taken a very conscious call that we need 
DLM to be at about a 10% EBIT. We still have about 200 
basis points to make up. Much of the India business comes at 
a much lower margin and therefore we have to be very careful 
in terms of what we go after and what we choose to go after. 
I think our play has been more a global play because I think 
that's only way that we will make margins that are acceptable 
to all of us frankly. And therefore our focus is not so much so 
on the India business, I mean, when there is a good 
opportunity and there is a good margin that we could make in 
the sustainable business, we will go after it. But the idea is not 
to just focus on the India business because then the margins 
will not be something that either you or I will be happy about 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 24 of 38 
it and that's just the reality of the pressures that the India based 
products and services do face. And therefore we've 
consciously chosen to be very-very careful. I wouldn't say 
stay out of it but very careful. Having said that I'll say given 
the growth in some of the spend in India like defense for 
example that's driving a lot of our global business because a 
global OEM for example has offset obligations in India and 
therefore would purchase a fair degree of equipment from 
India and therefore from us. So, I would say it's a combination 
we have to be focused on the right kind of business but also 
focus on the global OEM source implementation. 
A Shindadkar: 
Just a follow up to what Karthik answered on transportation. 
So, the right shifting of business, is it because the client 
challenges at the client end or whether it's a fulfillment 
challenge at our end or it's a combination of both. If you can 
just highlight that that could be helpful? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: Yes, I would say about 70% is to do with the customer 
shifting it to the right and about 30% to do with our supply 
too. So, I think that's where it is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead 
Mukul Garg: 
I just wanted to focus on the supply side again. This quarter 
your net adds were a bit lower versus what you did in Q1 
despite your attrition and utilization both picking up a bit. Is 
there some element of incremental departures being higher 
than what they usually have been versus you guys adding up 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 25 of 38 
less people because of availability issues? If you can help us 
kind of dissect between these two? And if you can quantify 
the revenue impact in Q2 and potential shift to Q3 because of 
this? 
Krishna Bodanapu: I think that would be difficult to quantify. Like I said, we 
are growing about 200 bps lower than what we would if we 
had a perfect supply situation. So, I would still stick with that 
number. I think for the most part the revenue is not lost, it's 
being right shifted and therefore it is still there but we just 
have to anticipate. Our challenge continues to be the fact that 
we are hiring in newer areas, so it's taking a little bit of time 
to catch up. Last quarter we had net hires, I think about 300 
people for the quarter. So, yes, incrementally, attrition has 
picked up a little bit and there's reasons for it. Net-net, we are 
adding people and that will continue into Q3 and Q4. 
Attritional challenge also is driving the net being lower than 
what need or what we would like it to be. But I think some of 
the attrition challenges are also being addressed and those will 
also mean that in Q3 and Q4 we will have a better net outcome 
of resources. So, net-net I'd say we are giving up a little bit 
growth, but even for the most part I think right shifted rather 
than loss and there is a business that if we can't tackle, we are 
also being a little bit choosy because we also need to use this 
opportunity to build momentum, so we're not going after any 
available business but really business that we consider 
strategic in the longer-term. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 26 of 38 
Mukul Garg: 
The second question was on the direct cost side. If we look at 
the direct salary cost, it was flat versus last quarter and even 
on a YoY basis it was up only 5%. And if we include the other 
cost and subcon as well the YoY compare goes down to 3.5% 
which is in line with the workforce addition of about 400 
people versus Q2 FY21. So, how much support are you 
getting from the shift to offshore in the salary cost as a 
percentage of revenue and where else are you being able to 
absorb this cost because we have at least seen three merit 
increases over the last one year, so if you can just clarify that 
part? 
Ajay Aggarwal: I would say that the way we internally look at it is we look at 
the whole business on gross margin and if you look at the 
charts that we have circulated, you will find there is an 
improvement of about 300 basis points in margin year-on-
year. That has the complete effect of whatever has happened 
in terms of utilization that has a mix impact, I think we are 
doing less work on the subcontracting and of course the 
reason is to be able to focus on the quality of margin, and of 
course the offshoring where you see year-on-year, we have 
improved by 5-6%. And when it comes to the merit increases, 
if you see that the gain that we would have in terms of the 
offshoring possibly will take care of most of the merit 
increases. So, the way I would look at is net of the headwind 
and tailwind in terms of utilization, change in mix, also the 
impact of merit increases, year-on-year, we have improved 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 27 of 38 
our margin about 300 basis points. That's what I would like to 
comment on. 
Mukul Garg: 
Just to clarify, you are saying that the offshore shift has kind 
of compensated for most of the merit increases over the last 
one year and I'm just trying to dig into this because the 
attrition is clearly at extremely elevated levels and as you 
mentioned also you need to do monetary interventions to 
control and that should be reflected in the direct cost. For last 
both the quarters we have seen merit increases play out but 
that has not really impacted your gross margins, in fact it has 
improved only? 
Ajay Aggarwal: The way we look at it is not from the cost angle, I will again 
say that if you look at year-on-year between the operational 
efficiency, utilization offshoring, everything, we would have 
improved by 5% to 6% and then the investment that we have 
made in terms of the increases and other headwind, net-net the 
effect is about 3%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sulabh Govila from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sulabh Govila: 
I had a couple of questions. So, first one is regarding the 
margin expansion this quarter. So, if Ajay, if you could 
highlight the reason for sharp expansion in gross margins this 
quarter? And for the coming quarters we understand the 
headwinds that are there which is in the form of higher 
attrition and the intervention that you're planning for specific 
skill sets and travel cost increase apart from lower billing 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 28 of 38 
days. If you could also highlight what are the tailwinds which 
could offset some of these headwinds in the coming quarters 
please? 
Ajay Aggarwal: I would say that from the quarter perspective, if you look at 
our earnings update itself, we have provided the bridge very 
specifically in terms of what has happened in terms of the 
margins. I would say, net-net, the expansion is on account of 
the operational improvement. I'm just bringing that up, if you 
see this in terms of the revenue mix plus change in operational 
margin plus optimization levels where we have let go of some 
accounts are low margin and other things, so all this adds up 
to about 4%. This is the increase that's there from the 
operational improvement. In terms of the headwinds, we are 
very clear about the 300 basis points out of that, we have 
invested between the investments and the merit increases and 
net-net we have improved by about 100 basis points or 97 
basis points. Most of it is from the operational improvement. 
You have a question about what will happen going forward. 
You are right, we will have a little headwind in Q3. I think if 
you look at this impact of merit increases as well as higher 
investments, I would say SG&A will not increase 
substantially because we already started normal travel in some 
of the areas that we talked about. But in terms of merit 
increases I think similar level of investment will continue. In 
terms of the operational improvements, we will be able to 
compensate at least the merit increases, but in terms of other 
headwind on number of billing days and all that, net-net the 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 29 of 38 
best case could be we get very close to where we are and worst 
case it could be 50-75 bps reduction quarter-on-quarter and 
then again Q4 you get back to the normal days availability, 
again, I think some part of the merit increases, investments 
will continue and then we will get again the benefit of the 
volume and the efficiency. So, I would say, as we said earlier, 
on the services side between 15% and 15.5% we will be able 
to sustain that margin. There are going to be a few changes in 
these numbers in case of H2, a) because we are making 
accelerated investments for long term and b) we have two 
headwinds; one is in terms of number of days in Q3 and also 
the ESOP plan that the shareholders have approved that will 
also take about 40-50 basis points in Q4. 
Sulabh Govila: 
And then the other bit is on the head count growth again. So, 
the kind of growth that we've seen in the past couple of 
quarters let's say on the headcount bit, do you think there is 
enough for the kind of growth that we are envisaging for the 
year or for the coming quarters? And would we be 
comfortable in achieving the guidance with the kind of run 
rate that is there? So, what are you assuming in terms of the 
additions in the next couple of quarters? 
Krishna Bodanapu: I think we have to increase our intake and we are continuing 
to work on that. We've made the right progress this quarter 
after a long time. We have added meaningful number of net 
new additions and not just because of freshers or anything like 
that, and much of them are laterals too. So, when we talk about 
what happens through the rest of the year I think we're taking 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 30 of 38 
these things into account and we're also maintaining a degree 
of prudence on the addition of manpower because again till it 
happens I don't want to say it has happened. At the same time  
not just sandbagging but just being prudent I think these are 
the numbers we've come up with and we are quite confident 
that we'll achieve them as a minimum and really the idea is to 
do better than that but at least let's start with the minimum of 
what we will achieve. 
Sulabh Govila: 
One last bit as a clarification from my side. On the revenue 
growth guidance that we've talked about it wasn't clear to me 
earlier. Is it is it on a cc basis or a reported basis? 
Krishna Bodanapu: It's on a CC basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand 
Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Two things: One, I heard Ajay in the opening remarks, did 
you speak about 17% kind of margin over medium term is it 
correct? 
Ajay Aggarwal: I did say in the short term, our objective is to remain 15%, 
15.5% kind of margin for services and get back to 17% in next 
couple of years. 
Vivek Jain: 
17% EBIT for services, is that so? 
Krishna Bodanapu: That is correct. And what will happen is between services 
and group, there will be about 150 bps drop because of DLM 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 31 of 38 
and we think that'll continue and we won't let it be much 
different than that. 
Vivek Jain: 
So, 15.5% approximately for the group over a medium term 
kind of a margin? 
Krishna Bodanapu: Yes. 
Vivek Jain: 
Ajay sir, our depreciation and the gap between EBITDA and 
EBIT is also little on the higher side while on the EBITDA 
side we are doing quite well. The translation to profitability or 
net profit is on the lower side. So, given the kind of intangible 
assets you have on the book, is there a path wherein you can 
sort of reduce the D&A or should we expect this kind of 
elevated D&A to continue for a few more years? 
Ajay Aggarwal: As far as the intangible assets amortization is concerned, that 
will purely depend on what acquisitions we do and what 
proportion they have of intangible assets. But in terms of the 
capex, I can definitely say from a level of 2.5% to 3% we have 
come to a level, if you see this quarter we have reported about 
1.7% kind of capex on services side and overall also for the 
group I think we are just 2%, I am very sure this year we will 
be really tracking to that, that will also play out in the 
depreciation, that's my only comment. Intangible assets are 
absolutely dependent on which acquisition and what 
composition they have in terms of goodwill and intangibles. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neerav Dalal from 
Maybank Kim Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 32 of 38 
Neerav Dalal: 
A couple of questions: One, what would be our current 
mechanical versus embedded mix and what would that have 
been over the last couple of years? 
Karthik Natarajan: It's about 60:40 and changing towards 50:50 now in terms 
of the growth in embedded and mechanical. I think that's 
where currently we are bullish about the growth of these five 
pillars. So, that's definitely seen in terms of what we are 
looking at. 
Neerav Dalal: 
In terms of the investments that we've made, that is showing 
up in the G&A if I'm not wrong. So, I just wanted to 
understand what would be these investments and how should 
one look at it going ahead? 
Karthik Natarajan: We are definitely doubling down on digital and technology 
solutions areas. I think Krishna talked about. We have already 
onboarded a CTO and we are definitely driving a tech 
solution. I think as I said this decade is going to be led by 
technology investments and solutions. I think that's when it's 
about people, it's about building solutions, it's about 
partnerships and it's about trying to really invest in some of 
the customer engagements. I think it covers all of them. And 
the same thing is true for digital as well. I think we have 
definitely identified about six solutions that we want to build 
which is going to be critical for our growth and we are really 
making that as part of our investment strategy and also 
embedded and the networks and semiconductors. So, we said 
we have identified those five pillars on growth and we 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 33 of 38 
realized the importance of having the investments about the 
subject matter experts and the solution that we need to build 
and as well as the partnership that we need to build. So, that's 
where the investments are currently going on. 
Neerav Dalal: 
If there are subject matter experts and we are working on 
certain softwares and all of that, so we are still showing that 
as part of G&A and not the part of gross margins or S&M? 
Ajay Aggarwal: You are absolutely right. The perspective of the account is this 
is mainly the time and effort of the people as you rightly 
pointed out and what we are trying to do is to be able to 
capture it, we internally have another line item called 
investment. But you're right it's all mainly people cost, 
deferred cost and it will all be part of SG&A, while SG&A 
has become investments now. At this stage of development, 
where it doesn’t have a corresponding customer, it makes a 
lot of sense to expense it and not to capitalize it or deal it in 
any other manner. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
My question is on the supply side issue that is there in the 
market. So, we have been seeing the subcontracting cost rising 
across the industry, but we have been saving on the 
subcontracting side over the last two quarters. So, what is 
driving that and what's the strategy here. Are we likely to 
ramp up deals at the onsite location, are we not hiring sub-

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 34 of 38 
contracting or is it any like project-specific issue that is 
impacting the expenses on the subcontracting side? 
Krishna Bodanapu: There's two things going on; one is the reason why we do 
sub-contracting is primarily not just for onsite but field work 
in onsite. I mean its onsite design work then we're doing 
ourselves. So, one was structurally we've brought down the 
contracts where there's a lot of dependence on subcontracting 
because they tend to be of a lower margin and if 
subcontracting is 80% of a project it doesn't make sense, if it's 
20% it might still make sense because on the design we end 
up making up the numbers. So, one is structurally we've 
brought down the subcontracting and that remains and that 
will continue. Last quarter and this quarter we've had one or 
two projects where because of the lockdowns in Australia 
there hasn't been much progress on field work and that further 
brought it down. It will go up a little bit in the coming quarters 
because some of these projects again, we're doing those 
projects because there is enough engineering work, there's 
overall the project has a fairly good margin and something 
that is acceptable to us but again because of the lockdowns, 
because subcontracting is really the field work not the sort of 
the office or engineering work. The field work because of 
lockdowns has come down and that has actually depressed 
them, but again I want to say structurally at one point I think 
we were even at 11-12 % that won't happen again, we will 
remain at sort of 6-7% kind of a number. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 35 of 38 
Amit Chandra: 
The second question is on the aerospace vertical. So, how has 
been the performance of the top client there and how has the 
ramp up in growth ex of that, so if you can clarify and is there 
any like new engagements that we are entering into with the 
top client? 
Krishna Bodanapu: I think what Karthik has also said about aerospace is we are 
seeing some early signs of recovery down happening on 
aftermarket which is essentially to support the operations of 
existing fleet. That is starting to pick up which is a good sign 
because actually traffic is starting to pick up. Of course inter-
continental traffic, the very long-distance traffic has not 
picked up as much and will take some more time but actually 
the way our business works that has less dependence on this, 
I mean, we end up working a lot of programs which are for 
these single aisle which is the short haul aircrafts. Now that's 
happened but I would say year-on-year I think we've had a bit 
of a growth also in aerospace but I would say we still are a 
few quarters of it before we can say that aerospace is now back 
from a $30 million quarter run rate to a $50 million a quarter 
run rate. I think all the green shoots are there, I mean things 
are lining up but I'd say it's still a couple quarters away before 
we can say it up with confidence. I would say obviously the 
worst is over, that is a fact, but more importantly the green 
shoots have started to happen and there will be a slow 
acceleration in the next couple of quarters also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 36 of 38 
Karan Uppal: 
One question on margins. So, we have seen very significant 
shift to offshore in last few quarters. Now with the reopening 
of the economies in west, do you think that offshore can scale 
back to previous levels and whether it will have any 
implications to the 15% to 15.5% service margin time in the 
medium term? 
Krishna Bodanapu: I think the offshore shift is structural and I think that's where 
the demand is and that's where we've also put in a lot of effort 
to make sure that happens. There'll always be a little bit of 
swing in either direction. But we're quite confident that this is 
continuing, I mean just to give you a flavor, if you look at the 
jobs that we're currently recruiting for, 92% of the jobs are 
offshore and only 8% are onsite. At the peak we would have 
even had a sort of 25-30% onsite when our onsite was 60% 
and offshore 40%. So, therefore we're quite confident that this 
will be there and for two reasons, right, one is I think we've 
got a lot better at making sure we take the right kind of 
business and secondly that's where the demand is. What work 
from home has done has shown people that remote working is 
possible. Now unless there is some regulatory views like in 
aerospace where you have to have US citizens on US soil. But 
in general most customers are saying if you can work from 
home, why does home have to be in the US, home can be in 
India and I think that has been a fundamental shift and we'll 
see a lot more of that going forward. 
Ajay Aggarwal: When we have looked at it internally in terms of our exercise of 
budgeting, actually in the H2 that it will further improve, so 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 37 of 38 
not only it is sustainable, it will be another driver of 
improvement for our margin. And when we are looking at 
some of these key goals as Krishna said what we need to do 
for profitability. There are two things with our sales teams 
have been focused on; one is on the offshoring and also what 
we have not baked in is the conversations with the customers 
in terms of the pricing because right now if you see the 
challenges of attrition are global in this space and the in-house 
cost of our customers is also going up. So, that's another area 
we will work in H2, we have not baked in into this currently 
but we are sure that whatever efforts we make in H2 part of it 
will come in H2 and that will definitely be a driver of margin 
improvement in the next year. 
Karan Uppal: 
Just a follow-up. So, you said that you are further expected to 
improve, so right now we are at 50/50 onsite/offshore. So, 
how much more can it improve from here on? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 50% is our internal budget. Normally we don't talk about our 
internal budget, but we have taken about 2-3%. That's what 
we have seen. Over a longer period of time, still I think there 
is a room here. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints we take that as 
a last question. I would normally like to hand the conference 
back to the management for closing comments. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Once again thank you for your time and listening to this call 
and for your engagement. Obviously, things continue to get 
much better. Like I said last time I think we had turned the 

 
Cyient Limited 
October 14, 2021 
 
 
Page 38 of 38 
corner both from a growth and an efficiency perspective and 
we will continue to focus on that. I think there are some good 
things that are going on in our business at a fundamental level. 
We do have a challenge in supply and we have addressed a 
number of those things and we'll continue to do. I want to 
assure you that things are looking quite good and things are 
looking much stronger than where we were six or technically 
12 months ago.  I'll say a big thank you to all of you for your 
support and confidence, without which we might not have 
survived the onslaught that was happening last year where the 
markets were. Of course, the recovery has been good and we 
are also riding on that wave of recovery but I can assure you 
that this time we're thinking how to make it a lot more 
sustainable and not just the points that the market is giving us. 
So, this time it will be a long run. We're quite confident of 
how things are evolving and thank you for the support and we 
will keep you engaged on how things evolve. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Cyient Limited, we conclude today's conference. 
Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
                                    This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
