 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Onward Technologies Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Centrum Broking Limited” 
 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JIGAR MEHTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. DEVANAND RAMANDASANI – CFO 
MODERATOR: 
MR. UDIT MAHESHWARI – CENTRUM BROKING 
LIMITED 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Onward Technologies Q2 FY22 earnings 
conference call hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal for an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touch-
tone phone. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Udit Maheshwari from Centrum Broking 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Udit Maheshwari: 
Good evening and welcome everyone. Thanks for joining us today to discuss Onward 
Technologies Q2 FY22 results. The leadership team is present on this call to discuss the results. 
We have with us today Mr. Jigar Mehta – Managing Director and Mr. Devanand Ramandasani 
– CFO, and we will start the call with a brief overview of the company's performance followed 
by a Q&A session. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mehta and Mr. 
Ramandasani. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Good afternoon everybody. It's a pleasure to welcome you on the earnings call today for the 2nd 
quarter of financial year 2022 hosted by Centrum Broking. I hope you are all keeping well and 
safe. Let me start by giving you a quick background about Onward Technologies. We as a 
company are focused on the digital ER&D space providing services to the global manufacturing 
industries. Hundred percent of our revenues come from pure technology services across the 4 
LOBs (lines of business) as we call it, which are digital, electronics embedded, mechanical, and 
enterprise IT. Our electronics embedded and digital LOBs are the fastest growing while 
mechanical and enterprise IT are the traditional strengths of the company for the last decade. 
We have now grown to 2271 full-time employees at the end of last quarter with a net addition 
of 150 employees that we added in Q2. Approximately, 95% of our employee strength continues 
to be based in India and the balance is spread across our offices in North America and Europe. 
With the opening of the travel restrictions, we are now investing heavily in strengthening our 
infrastructure and today our teams operate from 13 global locations – six in India across 
Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, and Bengaluru; seven outside India which are three in North America 
(Chicago, Detroit, Cleveland), three in Europe (London, Frankfurt, Amsterdam) and in the last 
quarter, we entered a new location in Toronto to be close to our customer.  
Our 2 fastest growing verticals are transportation & mobility where we have recently been 
selected as preferred suppliers for six out of the 10 global automotive OEMs and second vertical 
is industrial equipment & heavy machinery where we are direct suppliers for five out of the top 
8 global heavy machinery companies in the world. The other 2 verticals where we have started 
investing in the pandemic over the last few quarters are healthcare and hi-tech industries where 
our teams have made excellent inroads & we believe it will become a very important growth 
driver for us in the next few years. 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Onward Tech continues to be a debt-free company on the financial side with a proven track 
record of paying dividend for the last 6 years in a row. We bought our first office space in Pune 
last year in the end of November, which is a dedicated center for one of our strategic customers. 
And in the last quarter, we are pleased to announce that we have signed another LOI to acquire 
another 26,000 square feet space in Pune. We have been renting this place for the last several 
years supporting our offshore delivery, which we will acquire fully in Q3.  
In addition, last quarter was exciting where we got our first investment from Convergent Finance 
led by Harsha Raghavan where they invested Rs 70.2 crores in the company for a 24.7% equity 
in the company. About 40% is converted and the balance will be done in the next few weeks and 
months. This has given us increased war chest – both our internal accruals & the additional 
equity infusion – to continue on the organic growth chart in the international market and to also 
look at the inorganic opportunities.  
Coming to the to the last 90 days, July to September quarter, I want a take a quick moment to 
congratulate my entire team. This was a quarter where we are pleased to share the company 
recorded 21% year-on-year revenue growth & absolute EBITDA also grew by double digit at 
26% due to better utilizations. 
What is very exciting for us is that we also won & added 10 large new customers in the 3 regions 
across USA, Europe, and India in the 2 high-growth focused verticals (transportation & mobility 
and industrial equipment & heavy machinery verticals).  
Our sales funnel today is also at an all-time high from both existing customers & new prospects.  
We are aggressively hiring across our offices and regions today and lot of top talent from Tier-
1 companies have been onboarded recently. I see this trend to continue for the next few quarters 
as we build up a strong execution engine.   At the same time, we are starting our first program 
which kick starts on November 9th in Pune – E-TAP – which is on the Embedded -Talent 
Acceleration program. We are starting with a batch of 50 engineers & with plans to take it to 
400 engineers per year to serve our existing clients. Similarly, we are planning to start our next 
program which is going to be called D-TAP which is Digital - Talent Acceleration Program 
where we hire a similar number of freshers and trainees across Mumbai, Chennai and Bengaluru.  
This will also give us some levy against the heavy attrition that we are seeing across our industry 
today. 
We remain confident and very optimistic in terms of the amazing demand that we have from 
both our existing clients and the new customer wins. With the addition of so many new talented 
people, we believe we are rightly poised to deliver the growth that we had committed at the start 
of the year and hopefully surpass that as well. 
Now, I hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Devanand Ramandasani to give you the financial 
highlights. Over to you, Dev. 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Good afternoon everyone who have joined this call and let me take you through the half year 
performance of the company or the quarter 2 of the performance of the company at consolidated 
level. 
Our operating top line has grew by 20% year-on-year and reached to 72.9 Cr. Our EBITDA has 
grown by 26% year-on-year and reached to 7.2 Cr. Net profit of the company has reached to 5.6 
Cr, a significant improvement year-on-year basis. 
There are some occasional one-time income I have been received by the tax authority on the 
employee expenditure which has been classified in Other Income. 
Most of the details we have provided. I am happy to address all the questions which come to 
your mind. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. We will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Sriram Rajan, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sriram Rajan: 
Jigar and team, a wonderful performance. Many congratulations to you. Very heartening to see 
the growth, not just year-on-year but sequentially as well. I think a sequential growth of between 
4.5% to 5% is very good. And I wish you the very best for the 2nd half which I know would be 
even better. Just 2 questions. The segment that Onward is operating in which is ER&D plus 
embedded, there is a gyration towards electric vehicles space. Are we focused in that space?. 
And given that we are a services company, are we building artifacts, design templates, 
accelerators to differentiate ourselves from competition and are they growing margin and 
increasing revenue? 
Jigar Mehta: 
We also do believe that the next 2 quarters and I think the next 12 months will be exciting based 
on the sales funnel and the demand that we are seeing in the market. On the EV side, again, it is 
a very exciting space. We have done some work there and we have had some success. This is 
where we have actually already started identifying and building up a much focused team, both 
in Michigan & Frankfurt. And we do believe in 2022, we will be ready to make a big investment 
and play in this particular space. Our end-customers remain the same because we already are a 
preferred vendor.  
On the action taken on the delivery side, that is something that is still work in progress, but I 
think that will be a very important part of what we do going forward. We have recently added 
our new global delivery head, Rajesh Nikam. He has lot of experience working in Tier 
companies like L&T Tech, Tata Elxi, comes with a very strong electronics-embedded 
background. In addition to that, under him, we have added anotehr 5 leads & are looking at 
adding at least a dozen more specialists. These are spread across Pune, Chennai, Bengaluru, and 
now Hyderabad. With such strong leadership coming in from Tier-1 companies to support our 
existing clients and the new customer acquisition that we are going after, I do believe that our 
delivery team will be in a very good shape coming into next year. We have recently also bought 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Touch Base product from Product Dossier to bring all our entire delivery organization under a 
common platform, which will improve utilization and productivity.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anmol Grover from Albatross Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Grover: 
Congratulations on a great quarter. Sir, my first question is, can you quantify the deal wins that 
we had in this quarter? You said you have all-time high sales funnel. Can you quantify the total 
sales funnel? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Anmol, on the customer wins' side, we have signed 10 global companies. So, when I say 10 
customers, they are all Global 2000 companies. Onward Tech is only now focused on Global 
2000 companies. We have been selected as a preferred supplier in ten of these dream customers 
where the invoicing has started at the end of last quarter. We will see a substantial uptick going 
forward from there. In terms of sales funnel order book, Dev, do you want to comment on that? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Anmol, I would like to tell you that we are in the process of implementation of different CRM 
for some of the organizations which has been implemented now and running smoothly. Most of 
the data which we are capturing in the different spreadsheets now on the system towards. 
Hopefully, by this coming quarter, we will be able to publish this kind of information. Today, 
we are not in a position to concretely share this information on the public front. 
Anmol Grover: 
My next question is, can you give us the timeline on when we can reach 100-crore quarterly run 
rate and revenues? 
Jigar Mehta: 
We had shared this last quarter; we are on track to deliver 20% year-on-year organic growth. 
Our new investments is now providing us the opportunity to do much better from an organic 
perspective. And inorganic if you add that, it will be much faster. So, we do believe we should 
be there very soon. You can just calculate 20% to start with and hopefully we will accelerate up 
to 30% to 40% year on year.  
Anmol Grover: 
My last question is, can you give a margin outlook and when we can reach the 15% margin 
milestone in the future? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Our focus is to build a $100 million company first, in an ideal scenario with no debt. We need 
to continue on our path & are committed to build on the existing client relationships. EBDITA 
& margin growth will be an important element of the journey. Today, we are focused on 
improving our execution engine a transitioning the entire company to Digtial.  
Anmol Grover: 
But can you still share any sort of timeline on the 15% milestone just for the outlook? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Anmol, what I would like to tell you in summary is that we are in an investment phase where 
the company is focusing to acquire the right kind of talent in the organization and to retain the 
good talent in the organization to scale up the business from the existing level. And when we 
accelerate this business being services industry where the employee costs are one of the first 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
initial costs of the component. We will continue to invest in that. Therefore, our margin may be 
in the coming 2 quarters would be subdued but once they will come to organization, settle 
themselves, and increase the top line and bottom line. So, I would say that 2 to 3 quarters would 
be…. we are in the same range where we are and hopefully that will increase continuously 
thereafter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of V P Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go ahead. 
V P Rajesh: 
Congratulations Jigar, Dev, and the rest of the Onward team. My first question is about the 
strategic accounts. If you can just elaborate a little bit more on the progress made on that side, 
that will be helpful. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Again, let me clarify that in terms of our strategic accounts, our goal is that we will have 10 
customers which potentially will give us $10 million each and that's what we are working on. In 
Q1, we had a run rate of 7 customers at $1 million each. Last quarter, which is in Q2, we have 
reached 11 customers which will give us $1 million each or more. Some customers are $3 million 
plus as well, and I believe those details are captured in the earnings presentation. Our goal is, in 
the next 2 or 3 quarters is to reach 20 customer engagements.  Again, these are Global 2000 
manufacturing companies where the potential is enormous. For us, t's all about execution now 
and scaling up our delivery, training capabilities. And that's why this fresh investment in E-TAP 
and D-TAP program, where we will hire a lot of freshers, putting them on the 6- to 9-month 
intense training session utilizing our interna product and domain experts, SMEs, and external 
trainers. This is in parallel, where we are onboarding net 150+ engineers per quarter.  In terms 
of service line LOBs, I mentioned earlier, it's mainly electronics and digital. 
V P Rajesh: 
A further question on that Mr. Dev that the number of clients which are doing $1 million revenue 
is expanding, but in terms of the highest-revenue customer, what was that number this quarter 
and where do you see that number let us say 4 quarters down the road? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Mr. Rajesh, I think for your doubt, we have clarified in the slide #21 on our customer matrix. I 
will take the first question we are tracking the top 24 strategic customers which contribute more 
than 50% of my revenue. Each customer average revenue will be more than a million which we 
are targeting for this year. And looking at the current run rate, it is possible on that. If you see 
that our top 10 customers which are contributing about 47% and the first customer – the top 1 
customer – is contributing 14%. If you see from financial year 19 to today 1st half of that, every 
year this wallet ratio has been increasing. That gives us confidence to us that our top 10 
customers are satisfied with our services and they are giving us the opportunity to grow more 
faster pace on that. We are focused on them and we are adding a few more strategic customers 
and the list apart from the top 10, as on date, we are chasing the top 24 accounts as the global 
strategic accounts, will continue, will be our focused area on them. 
V P Rajesh: 
On the attrition side, I am not sure if I saw the numbers for attrition, but if you can just talk about 
that, what kind of attrition if you are seeing? 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Jigar Mehta: 
We track it on a quarterly basis, and we have not seen a very big jump this quarter compared to 
the previous quarter. It is high, we are close to about 25% to 30% in terms of attrition, but the 
majority of exits is in businesses where we have exited or where our contracts are coming to an 
end. We are very new in the digital engineering space as you are aware of. We have been tracking 
the company for the last 12 months. In that space, majority of our team members are very new. 
That's where for us, we have been saved the onslaught of very high attrition, but we know its 
coming and our teams are gearing up.  
V P Rajesh: 
Dev, on the balance sheet, just a couple of housekeeping questions. I assume that 11 lakh shares 
were issued to Convergent, we got around 15 crores of cash on the books from that; and since 
the balance sheet shows roughly around 30 crores between investment and cash, is it fair to say 
that the cash we did not build up a whole lot this quarter or in the last 6 months rather? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Rajesh, if I understood your question properly, the Convergent shares of 11 lakhs is correct as 
well as they have paid for the 25% of the warrant money. Exact amount is 28 Cr they have paid 
to the company, the funds have been infused. If you see our balance sheet, what we did was we 
kept some money in the cash as well as we parked the funds in the mutual funds to the tune of 
14 Cr.  
If you want to track the cash, cash plus mutual fund you have to add and you will find the answer. 
V P Rajesh: 
Between these two categories of investment and cash, you have roughly 30 crores on the balance 
sheet as of September 30th, correct? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
As on 30th September balance sheet, we have 36 crores in cash and 14 crores we have 
investment; 50 crores we have cash. 
V P Rajesh: 
Okay, so I stand corrected. And you still have to receive the 15-crore tax refund? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Yes correct 
Jigar Mehta: 
Yes, V P, 40 crores from new equity, 15 crores from tax Dev - you can take a minute and talk 
about the transfer pricing case that came in our favor, I think it was a point in the last earnings 
call. 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Mr. Rajesh, just to update you that 50-crore cash lying in the books of accounts as on today, 40 
crores yet to become from the additional equity plus around 15 crores from the income tax yet 
to come because we received the favorable outcome from the ITAT level. There were 3 cases 
which were pending at the ITAT level. We got all the 3 favorable outcomes. It is just a matter 
of time where an order needs to be passed by the AO and do the refund and the documentation 
which we are anticipating in the next 4 to 5 months it will get completed. Plus, you know that 
SEIS scheme has been released by the government and now the window is open. So, the 
company is filing for an additional 1.5 Cr to 2 Cr expecting from the government on that. So, 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
put together around 50 to 55 crore more will come in the coming quarters plus additional accruals 
of legal business on that front. 
V P Rajesh: 
Jigar, on the M&A side, if I put all these numbers together, you are trading less than one-time 
sales, roughly speaking. And I was listening to your larger competitor's con-call before this call 
and they were saying that the M&A market for these type of Services Company is quite hot and 
the valuations are high. I am just curious how you are thinking about your M&E strategy? 
Jigar Mehta: 
V P, spot on again. M&A is something we have looked at a lot of companies recently. Again, 
for us, organic continues to be the priority because we are seeing a huge opportunity. With our 
new investors and partners, we have started looking at several cases and opportunities jointly.  
As I said, it's still very early stage. We have looked at companies in India, we have looked at 
companies in Europe, and I believe we are narrowing down on the path forward.  What we are 
looking for, a perfect company that we would acquire is a company which is already supporting 
our existing customers. Step 1 is companies that are supporting our existing customers so post 
acquisition we have larger market share of customers outsourcing budget. 
V P Rajesh: 
Lastly, the question on the margin, Dev. Is it fair to conclude from your comments that perhaps 
by the end of Q4 next year fiscal year 23, we can see 15% kind of a margin? 
Jigar Mehta: 
V P, we are already there. We clarified last quarter. If you look at this quarter as well, we are 
already at a double-digit EBITDA margin from an operations perspective. What we are doing 
is, we are continuously investing in building up the digital and electronics practice .and that's 
why you see a large number of inductions that we are doing at a very senior level. We are 
strengthening a lot of practices across Pune, Bengaluru, Chennai, and Hyderabad. Starting 
January, we will add at least 7 more senior sales experienced professionals from Tier-1 
companies in Europe and US. From April, my top 5 performers from India are moving to 
Toronto, Chicago, Frankfurt, London, etc. I am just giving some cities where we have existing 
client relationships and we need to strengthen our local presence in those markets. We are in the 
process of adding at least 40 new recruiters and lead generation people. So, the numbers are 
getting much bigger and exciting for us and we are taking this full opportunity to invest in that. 
What's also helping us and was actually making us invest much more confidently is obviously 
we have the war chest with us now to charter a growth journey.  
V P Rajesh: 
Just a clarification, Jigar; you said on an operating level, you are already at that level, but my 
question is more putting everything together because I understand your IT business is low 
margin and therefore the reported number let us say this quarter was 10%. I am just trying to 
understand that reported numbers which in this quarter was 10%, could it be by Q4 fiscal year 
23 be around 15%? Or if not in that quarter, if you can just give some directional guidance 
whether it will be the following year when we can see a quarter where you are achieving that 
15% margin, fully recognizing the focus is shifting towards taking the revenue higher first. 
Jigar Mehta: 
To clarify again, the IT business is also at a very good margin. It’s a double-digit EBITDA 
margin. The business that we had to exit in IT, we have already exited that at the end of Q1. So, 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
we have a very good enterprise IT business today that will also grow 20% year-on-year & 
probably much faster because now we are cross selling these capabilities to our Digital 
engineering – manufacturing companies.  
V P Rajesh: 
Actually, I was just going to ask you that. Does the timeline to achieve that $100 million target 
comes closer meaning rather than fiscal year 24, could we see that in fiscal year 23 itself? 
Jigar Mehta: 
This is the first year where we will actually turn around how the company & on track to deliver 
double digit growth. We are building a winning team, building a winning culture, and hopefully 
from there, with the right customers and right investments, I think we can do a much better job 
in terms of execution. It's only about execution so we can scale faster.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vineet Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vineet Jain: 
Thanks again for the great set of numbers. Hope the team is all well. Sir, I have a few questions 
and I would request some additional time at least because number of questions are more. My 
first question is, I have seen in the standalone results, we have done a software licensing worth 
1 lakh approximately. My question is, how many more such licenses would we see going 
forward? because that would intend that that technology is at a higher adoption. Would you 
answer that? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
If I understood properly, you are saying that there is a purchase of product you are talking about 
is Rs. 1 lakh, that's the question? 
Vineet Jain: 
Yes. 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Actually, this is a bundled deal. When we deal with a customer, there are sometimes we have to 
do the bundled deal along with the product. The main swing if you ask me, the 99% revenue 
comes from the service domain perspective. However, sometimes you have to compose your 
deal in such a manner where there is some product you have to buy on behalf of the customer 
and deliver along with your services. That is a one-time exception you can rarely find in the last 
2-3 quarters. That is one kind of a structure. This is not a recurring kind of a structure. Expenses 
neither it is material part of it. 
Vineet Jain: 
My second question is, we have many OEM customers. They are also incurring a lot of raw 
material cost. I mean, all the raw material costs for them also have increased and so would be 
increasing the ER&D expenses also for them. So, what is the risk do you see and how are you 
trying to mitigate it? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
From my perspective, the raw material cost and this will be impacting those companies who are 
supplying the goods or the raw material to them. We are purely domain the service company and 
actually from our perspective or the NASSCOM, ZINNOV published a recent report which is 
talking about the India would be the engineering and digital hub for the globe because there are 
ample availability of resources who can deliver their projects. If you ask me, from the demand 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
perspective, Indian companies will see the demand will uptick side and a lot of demand, 
especially from the digital ER&D perspective. I would not see that there is a rate compromise 
on this aspect. Raw material and rendering of the services can't be compared in one yardstick. 
Vineet Jain: 
Would you see any churning of clients as well just in case if at all it is possible? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
No. Actually, if you ask me, we deal with only OEMs. Our stickiness with the customer is…. 
Out of top 10 customers, 7 customers are more than 10 years and the remaining customers are 
more than 5 years. When any company delivery the OEMs, the client stickiness will always be 
on the higher side. So, we don't see any challenges so far from any of the customers any churning 
on that side. 
Vineet Jain: 
I can see the domestic sales is higher comparatively. Then, how could the offshore price 
increase? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
This company initially in the last couple of years is domestic front ended where international 
market is a secondary focus area. Now, for the last 1 year, we have changed, shifted the focus 
where the offshore – it means my export-oriented business or the foreign territory business – 
will improve. So, we have hired the respective sales force in the respective territory to grow this 
business. India business since we have a good relationship with the OEMs and the GCC 
companies. Because of our proven capability with the customer, we are getting the larger pie 
from the business. So, that is making value addition. However, the expansion and the margin 
always come from the export business because the cost arbitrage is one of the biggest factor or 
biggest advantage for the Indian companies where outsourcing from the foreign territory to India 
will increase your margin on that. So, we are very focused on that and this offshore percentage 
will continue to grow from quarter-on-quarter every quarter. 
Vineet Jain: 
In the last con-call, you had suggested there would be a couple of more additions in the client 
list and you had also said that you would be trying to convert the existing clients to a little larger 
size. How far are we succeeding on that? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I clarified earlier we have 7 customers which were giving us a million dollar plus run rate last 
quarter. Now, we have reached 11 customers at the end of Q2, which will go to 20 in the next 
few quarters based on the visibility & sales funnel today.  It's all about execution and building 
up the infrastructure to support the demand. In terms of the new customer wins, we have signed 
10 new customers in Q2.  
Vineet Jain: 
A follow-up on this particular thing. How do these new customers give orders? I mean, is it on 
a pilot basis or at once they give as a big order or how is it so? And how is the duration that it 
takes to conclude it on a project basis? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Correct. We go through number of pilot projects, customer site visits, presentations, other client 
references before an end OEM awards a supplier status. Once you have successfully delivered 
number of projects on time and quality, you qualify for a larger budget and so on. We as suppliers 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
have to always be on our toes to invest in new technologies ahead of customer so there is value 
addition when they are looking for a new service to be outsourced. Our Sales cycle is usually 16 
months to 18 months to become a supplier and another 2-3 years to become a preferred supplier.  
Duration of the contract with OEMs is usually 3-5 years  
Vineet Jain: 
Sir, you have been saying on embedded and mobility and all, but any update if at all the company 
is working on OTT space, media, and all? 
Jigar Mehta: 
No, we don't do any of that space. 
Vineet Jain: 
One last question to you only sir. A previous participant was putting his concern – even it is my 
concern – about the valuations. I can just put on my idea what market is behaving like. Most of 
the companies are getting higher valuations – be it Tata Elxsi, be it LTTS, similar in Peers, 
numbers are already getting factored because they disclose their future numbers FY24, 23, 
whatsoever. We are not able to guide those particular numbers in a structured way. That could 
be one reason that we are so heavily undervalued. I would request the management to increase 
the presentation what technologies we are adopting and need to share some more things this way 
so that we can have a better understanding because investors may think there are many few items 
that LTTS or Tata Elxsi are able to do and Onward is not able to do or such thing but maybe we 
are already doing on that space. That is one concern I had. Your remarks on that, please. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Thank you for the feedback, but again, I cannot control valuations and how the market moves. 
What we can do is keep performing. As I said, it has been an exciting 12 months for us and we 
are committed to actually keep building on this. Please visit the social media, LinkedIn, or our 
website; you will see a lot of traction about us. And as Dev has already committed, we will keep 
giving more and more information at the right time going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Varun Jain: 
My question is that in the last con-call I was reading and Sir you just mentioned that by the end 
of this year, we could get a client which would be contributing $10 million revenue a year. 
Where are we on that guidance? 
Jigar Mehta: 
We did not say that. We said our dream is, our goal is that we will have 10 customers, the way 
we are structured as an organization and as a team which is 2200+ employees is 10 customers 
which will give us $10 million each which will take us towards our journey of $100 million. 
When we say we have signed a new customer, that customer has the potential to give us that 
much. So, obviously Onward Tech has to ramp up the delivery and execution capabilities. 
Varun Jain: 
In the initial stage, it would be around $1 million revenue a year, then it would increase and the 
potential is $10 million revenue a year, right? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Correct.  

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Varun Jain: 
In how many years, we could achieve that? 
Jigar Mehta: 
I think it is going to be very soon the way the market is and the way we are able to ramp up and 
the way our teams are working so hard diligently across various offices and locations. I believe 
there are a number of customers already at $3 million plus.  
Varun Jain: 
In the last con-call, you said by the Q2, we would have 11 to 12 customers at $1 million of 
revenue and you achieved that. I was reading the last line and you just said that we do believe at 
least the first client will contribute $10 million and it would be as early as next year. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Everything is possible. We are bidding for multi-million dollar deals today. We are getting an 
opportunity to bid for larger RFQs, we have reached the last round in several opportunities and 
are pipeline is growing quickly. Now in parallel, we are investing in delivery and execution 
capabilities to provide a healthy customer service.  Our experienced team today has the ability, 
confidence and the resources to make it happen.  
Varun Jain: 
The final question is, where are we on that page like in the last con-call you had mentioned that 
you are targeting 20 territories and $10 million revenue from each territory. It is your first target 
to achieve. How many territories we have yet covered and they are yet to be covered? Can you 
give a guidance on that? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Sorry, I am not sure about the territory part. We are only focused on 3 territories or 3 regions – 
North America, Europe, and India. 
Varun Jain: 
With territory, I meant that you said 20 odd accounts that you were targeting. 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Yes, we have identified top 25 customers which are a combination of OEMs and Tier 1 
companies.  
Varun Jain: 
So, you are basically focused on focusing on customers and trying to get as much revenue as 
you can get in the coming years? Like you will start from $1 million and then you will ramp it 
up and you will try to target as many as you can such customers and it has to come from a very 
large company, right? 
Devanand Ramandasani: 
Yes, our focus is to increase the wallet share from these top 25 customers.  
Moderator: 
We will proceed with the next question from the line of Sriram Rajan, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sriram Rajan: 
Wonderful discussions Jigar and Dev, I think. What I really appreciate is the information has 
been extremely consistent meeting after meeting and I think there is tremendous progress. On 
the question on electric vehicles, is there any specific area inside the electric vehicles you are 
trying to focus on? Is it ADAS or is it battery cooling or swapping solutions? Question #2 is 

 
Onward Technologies Limited 
October 25, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
crossing this marathon of pre-RFP, POC, POT, and then you get shortlisted. Are these contracts 
fixed scope, fixed price contracts or are these time & materials contracts? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Sriram, on the EV side as I said, give us till early 2022 when we will be ready to share more 
information because we are at a stage where a lot of the team members are coming on board 
right now. We will be a bit premature to share at this stage, but yes, it's going to be an exciting 
thing & I think it will be a substantial investment from our side. 
On the second question, our goal is we are moving more and more from fixed price towards time 
& materials. So, a substantial portion of our revenue today comes from T&M and we believe 
that's the way it's going to go forward whether it's going to be on-site, offshore, or remote.  
Sriram Rajan: 
A related question, Jigar. When you do a T&M contract, client kind of takes a bunch of Onward's 
resources or anybody else – could be some other vendor – and they kind of run the show. They 
take your people, they put a supervisory layer on top, and then they run the outcomes. Do we 
still get a sense of the artifacts being delivered by the team; the capabilities that are being put 
into the account so that they are recyclable in some other places? 
Jigar Mehta: 
Absolutely. Some places you do, some places you don't, but that’s been our way focus for most 
of 2021. Because otherwise, your engineer as you rightly said becomes completely customer 
dependent, and we don't even know sometimes what they are working on. With the guidance & 
support of our customers, as they also don’t want that; we have committed Rs 2 crores of 
investment in FY 20-21 to make Onward Tech – 100% Digtial. And next year, our budget would 
be 2x of our investment and so on moving forward, which will put us all under one umbrella and 
we can utilize the scale of 2271 employees for everything we do.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Jigar Mehta: 
Thank you all for participating in our earnings call for the second quarter. I hope we have been 
able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like any 
more information about the company, please feel free to reach out to our investor relation 
managers at Valorem Advisors. We are also back in office full-time both at Worli and in Pune. 
If anybody wants to visit us, we will be more than happy to welcome you in with the right 
precautions. Please stay safe and healthy. We look forward to seeing you in the next call. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Centrum Broking Limited, we conclude today's conference. Thank you all for 
joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
