Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: October 29, 2021
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors relating
to Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended September 2021.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of earnings
conference call held with analysts and investors on October 22, 2021, at 02:30 pm (IST)
to discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended September
2021.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by 
VINEET HARLALKA 
Date: 2021.10.29 
16:13:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21
“Indian Energy Exchange
Q2 FY2022 Investors Conference Call”
October 22, 2021
ANALYST:
MR. JITEN RUSHI - AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED
MANAGEMENT: MR.
SATYANARAYAN
GOEL
–
CHAIRMAN
AND
MANAGING DIRECTOR –INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE
MR. VINEET HARLALKA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
& COMPANY SECRETARY – INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ - HEAD (BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT) -
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE
MS. APARNA GARG - LEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS) -
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE
MR.
JOGENDRA
BEHERA
–
VICE
PRESIDENT
(REGULATORY AFFAIRS) - INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE
MR. AMIT KUMAR – HEAD (MARKET OPERATIONS &
NEW
PRODUCT
INITIATIVES)
-
INDIAN
ENERGY
EXCHANGE
MR. SANGH GAUTAM – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER -
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE
MR. SAMIR PRAKASH – HEAD (HUMAN RESOURCES &
ADMINISTRATION) - INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE
MR. INDRANIL CHATTERJEE –HEAD (RISK, ALLIANCES
& STRATEGIC DIVERSIFICATION) - INDIAN ENERGY
EXCHANGE
MS.
SHRUTI
BHATIA
–
HEAD
(CORPORATE
COMMUNICATIONS
&
CSR)
-
INDIAN
ENERGY
EXCHANGE

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 2 of 21
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Energy Exchange Q2 FY2022
Investors Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to
Mr. Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir!
Sumit Kishore:
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I am pleased
to welcome you all for the Indian Energy Exchange Q2 FY2022 earnings conference call.
We have with us the management team of IEX, which is represented by Mr. Satyanarayan
Goel – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Vineet Harlalka, Chief Financial Officer, Mr.
Rohit Bajaj, Head - Business Development and Ms. Aparna Garg, Lead - Investor
Relations. Now we will begin with the opening remarks from the management followed by
an interactive Q&A session. Over to you Sir! Thank you.
Satyanarayan Goel:
Good afternoon, dear friends! I welcome you all to the Q2 FY’22 earnings call. Present
with me today are: Vineet Harlalka, Rohit Bajaj, Amit Kumar, Sangh Gautam, Shruti
Bhatia and Aparna Garg.
We seem to have almost overcome the CoVID-19 pandemic. There has been a significant
uptick in the pace of vaccination. The economy, industry, and retail activity are resuming
fast. There has been a fair resurgence in economic activity leading to a rapid increase in
demand for power. Recently, the Exchange power market had been seeing constraints on
the supply side. We were reading about the media articles regarding the high prices and
limitations on the sell-side liquidity on the Exchange. It is important to understand the
fundamentals and the factors that are responsible. In H1 this year, there was a 14% increase
in power consumption vis-a-vis the last year; monsoon affected the domestic coal
production and supply, there is an increase in the prices of imported coal - the prevailing
price of around $120/ton for 4200GCV coal which is 5X more than price of $25/ton in Oct
2020; there is a 10X increase in LNG price at $30/MMBTU from $3/MMBTU a year ago,
and the wind generation dwindled at the same time with the wind season coming to an end.
Countries across the globe have been experiencing a similar situation leading to an
unparalleled increase in price of energy and power as well as rise in prices of other essential
commodities. The Government has already undertaken several initiatives to ease the
situation including an increase in domestic production of coal, increased coal supply to
power units, blending of 10% imported coal with domestic coal, and restarting of several
imported coal-based plants. More recently, with these initiatives by the Government, and

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 3 of 21
the widespread rains which reduced electricity demand in the country, the prices on the
Exchange have started to come down to nearly half of what it was a week back.
The Exchange market continues to work uninterrupted, facilitating the distribution utilities
and industries in addressing the increased power demand in the most flexible, competitive,
transparent, and efficient manner.
I will now talk about recent developments at IEX. On 17th October 2021, IEX received
CERC approval to commence the Green Day Ahead Contract as a part of the Integrated
Day-Ahead Market. Under the Integrated Day-ahead market, the Exchange will allow the
market participants to submit bids together for both conventional and renewable energy
through the separate bidding windows. The clearance will take place in a sequential manner
- renewable energy bids will be cleared first in accordance with the must run status of the
renewables, followed by conventional segment. IEX will also allow its market participants
an option to transfer the unselected bids from the renewable to the conventional segment.
Furthering our customer centric initiatives, we launched Value-Added Services (VAS) for
the Renewable Energy generators. The Renewable Generators keen to avail the services
such as Generation Forecasting, Qualified Co-ordinating Agency (QCA) and Analytics
solutions etc. can reach out to the best-in-class service providers empaneled by the IEX, at
the competitive prices. We have already onboarded Climate Connect as our first empaneled
service provider. We look forward to welcoming other service providers who are keen to
associate with us in this journey.
Let me now share with you an overall economic and industry update.
After reaching a Manufacturing PMI of 48.1 in June 2021, India's manufacturing activity
expanded for the third straight month in September to 53.7, highlighting a strong expansion
in overall business conditions. Even on the services side, we witnessed an increase in
activities leading to expansion of Services PMI to 55.2 in September 2021 as compared to
41.2 in June 2021. On power sector front, the rise in economic activities led to an increase
in overall power demand. The all-India electricity consumption increased 10% YoY from
334 BU in Q2 FY’21 to 366 BU in Q2 FY’22. In this quarter highest ever peak demand of
200.5GW was registered. The industrial states such as Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra
Pradesh, and Tamil Nadu were the key contributors of this growth. As of September 2021,
the installed power capacity at 389 GW saw 4.2% YoY growth.
The renewable energy
capacity reached 101.5 GW from an earlier 89.2 GW in the fiscal year 2020 seeing about
13.8% YoY growth.
The fast-paced growth in renewable capacity underlines the energy
shift that has been underway and an increased impetus on building a decarbonized and
sustainable energy economy.

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 4 of 21
On the policy and regulatory front:
The 10 year long pending jurisdictional conflict related to power market between CERC
and SEBI has been resolved by Hon’ble Supreme Court, paving way for the introduction of
the much awaited long duration contracts in power on the Power Exchanges. This will also
enable launch of electricity derivatives on Commodity Exchanges.
CERC issued the draft Deviation Settlement Mechanism and Related Matters Regulations,
2021 linking the DSM charges to the time block wise price discovered on the Exchanges.
This will help further expand and deepen the real time market.
MBED is expected to go live through Exchanges from 1 April 2022 with NTPC generation
capacity as per the Press Release issued by Ministry of Power.
The Ministry of Power (MoP) issued the draft rules for Promoting Renewable Energy
through Open Access, allowing consumers with contracted demand load of 100 kW and
above as eligible for green energy Open Access.
All these initiatives will lead to further deepening of the power markets.
The Indian Gas Exchange has been seeing an uptick in volumes as well as participation.
During the quarter, IGX traded almost 10lakh MMBTU of gas volumes. Cumulatively, IGX
has traded more than 15lakh MMBTU since inception. As a part of our customer centric
initiatives, during the quarter, we launched the Day Ahead contract on the IGX platform.
Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas (MOPNG) vide its Office Memorandum dated 19th
August 2021 has provided an additional mechanism to the domestic gas producers who
have been granted pricing and marketing freedom to trade on Gas Exchanges. Accordingly,
the domestic gas producers may sell quantity of Gas, up to 500 MMSCM or 10% of annual
production, whichever is higher, per year through Gas Exchanges. This will provide cheaper
gas and induce market liquidity and depth.
On a standalone basis, revenue for the quarter increased by 52.6%, from Rs. 79.4 Cr. in
Q2FY'21 to Rs. 121 Cr. in Q2FY'22. The PAT grew by 67.3% YoY, with a margin of
64.5%. The Board of Directors have considered issuing two bonus shares for each equity
share. During the quarter, electricity volumes on the Exchange grew by 58% YoY with
25.9 BU volumes traded versus 16.5BU in Q2 FY’21. During the first half of FY’22, IEX
traded a total of 47.2BU of electricity as against 31.4BU in 1H FY’21, implying a robust
growth of 50.6% YoY.
The growth in volumes was driven by substantial increase in
electricity consumption as well as the preference by the distribution utilities to meet their

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 5 of 21
short-term supply requirements in a competitive and flexible manner through IEX. The real
time market continued to be one of the fastest growing market segments on the Exchange
witnessing a growth of 125% YoY during the quarter with 5.3 BU of volumes traded.
During the quarter, RTM contributed 20% to the overall volumes. The consistent growth of
real-time electricity market is an indication of growing reliance of the distribution utilities
and industries to achieve power demand-supply balancing in real time in the most efficient
manner. The green term ahead market marked its one-year anniversary on 21 August
achieving a cumulative volume of 3.4 BU since its commencement. For the second quarter,
the market registered a cumulative trade of 1.7 BU. The market has seen a considerable
increase in the participant base as more and more utilities and C&I consumers participate in
the market to meet their energy and RPO requirements in an integrated, flexible, and
competitive manner.
We are gearing towards the launch of ESCERTs, Integrated Day Ahead Markets, and
Longer Duration Contracts in both electricity and renewables. REC hearing was last held on
21st October and the order is expected to come in month of November. Later this year we
may also see introduction of Exchange based Ancillary Markets. In the backdrop of several
initiatives that I have touched upon today, combined with several policy and regulatory
enablers, the power markets will have a much greater role to play. Besides, there is a huge
opportunity on Gas front. Coupled with diversification initiatives which we are assessing,
we are very bullish on the growth prospects of the company.
With India’s power consumption expected to grow at 8-9% during FY 2022, we expect a
significant
growth
for
the
Exchange
Markets.
We
are
continuously
innovating,
strengthening, and advancing our technology initiatives. We believe that energy markets
have a pivotal role to play in transforming India’s energy economy and we are committed to
play a proactive role in facilitating the much-needed efficiency, competitiveness, and
sustainability in the energy ecosystem.
Thank you everyone. We can start the question-and-answer session.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The
first question is from the line Mohit Kumar from Dam Capital. Please go ahead.
Mohit Kumar:
Good afternoon, Sir and congratulations on a very, very excellent quarter. Sir two
questions. The first is market based economic dispatch which the government wants to
implement from April 1, 2022. The related question is whether it is feasible given the
timeline to adhere to April 1, 2022, and secondly how does it change business for us? Do
you think this long-term volume will increase at the expense of short-term volume? The

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 6 of 21
second question is, where are we in the process of launching long-duration contract and
what kind of products you are likely to begin with? Thank you.
Satyanarayan Goel:
First on the MBED, Government of India has already issued a press release which indicates
that the MBED should be implemented from April 1. It also indicates that before this
CERC will align the regulations and mock drill will be carried out to ensure that the system
runs smoothly. So CERC will first have to align the regulations and that is the important
thing to be done. As far as we are concerned, we are ready to launch it. We have done all
necessary developments and we are working with CERC also to start as soon as possible.
On long duration contracts we have already filed our petition with CERC. Now after
resolution of this dispute I am sure CERC will take up their petition for approval and once
the petition is approved then we will launch these contracts also. These contracts are
basically for fortnightly, monthly, quarterly, and yearly contracts for duration less than one
year.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. Please go
ahead.
Devansh Nigotia:
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, regarding MBED if you can help us understand what you
believe are the challenges in terms of implementation because prima facie, lot of changes
have to be made, right from the generator to discom and even for PFC and REC to fund the
discom for this whole process. What is our overall view in terms of the bottlenecks which
are currently there?
Satyanarayan Goel:
As I have always said that implementation of MBED is as complicated to implement as
GST. So, there are lots of things to be done, but once government directions are in place, I
am sure everybody will act fast on this to ensure implementation by April 1, and I would
not like to comment anything beyond that.
Devansh Nigotia:
Okay and in case of long-duration contracts since you are saying that you are expecting the
order in November after the order has come, how prepared are you in terms of launching the
product?
Satyanarayan Goel:
We have done all the technological developments. We are ready to launch the contracts. So,
the day we get approval and based on the approval if there are some minor changes, we will
do that, and I think within 15 days we will be able to launch the contracts after CERC
approval.
Devansh Nigotia:
In case of day-ahead market, in the last one-and-a-half years we have seen that prices on the
Exchange have been very low but the shift from bilateral to day-ahead market seems to be

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 7 of 21
consistent every quarter on a monthly basis. So structurally what has changed in the last
one-and-a-half to two years over a year because if we look at previous 8 to 10 years that
shift has not happened at this pace? So, what are the things that have really changed in the
last one and a half years?
Satyanarayan Goel:
The shift is a gradual process. It was happening earlier also. If you see sale of the bilateral
transactions, they were slowly going down but in the last one-and-a-half years, the shift has
happened at a much faster pace and one of the reason is that during the COVID time
nobody was sure about what kind of demand will happen, what kind of demand increase
will happen so they did not get into any bilateral contracts and as and when the demand
increased, they started the participation on the Exchange platform and good thing is that we
have lot of liquidity in the Exchange that led to the confidence building and now they are
more comfortable in purchasing power for the Exchange . I will tell you, in couple of cases,
like Telangana, the demand increases from July up to March and every year they used to
buy power in the bilateral market. Some of the years because of the heavy rains, their
demand used to back down and would take less power under bilateral contract. There used
to be contractual complications in that and last year they did not buy anything under the
bilateral market. They bought from the Exchange platform and that led to significant saving
by them and now they are comfortable. They said again they are not getting into the
bilateral contract. I think same is the case with many of the distribution companies. That is
why the shift is accelerated now.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Modi from ICICI Securities. Please
go ahead.
Rahul Modi:
Thank you Sir for the opportunity. Can you explain how will the payment security
mechanism be for the long duration contract, whether it will be LCs or how will it be on a
revolving basis?
Satyanarayan Goel:
For long duration contract, we will accept LCs also but then we will ensure the payments
are made before the delivery, we get payments before delivery.
Rahul Modi:
On a daily basis?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Yes on a daily basis. Contract can be for a month or for a quarter but the payment should
happen on daily basis because if we ask payment in advance for the full month it is going to
be too large an amount, so we will ensure payments on a daily basis.
Rahul Modi:
If in case there are missed out payments then do you have the power to regulate or who has
the authority to regulate?

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 8 of 21
Satyanarayan Goel:
We have the authority to regulate. It is a part of the contract.
Rahul Modi:
Sir, who is the counterparty in this? Are we part of the counterparty?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Yes, yes in all cases we are counterparty to all the transactions.
Rahul Modi:
If in case there is a situation where party A is buying 100 megawatts and party B due to
some issues not able to sell that 100 and is selling 90 that time whose liability will it be?
Satyanarayan Goel:
There is a DSM for all agreements, party A is to sell 100 megawatts they are selling 90
megawatt they will have to pay DSM for 10 megawatts.
Rahul Modi:
So, nothing comes on to us?
Satyanarayan Goel:
No. We have designed contract in such a manner that there is no obligation on Exchange.
Rahul Modi:
That is great. Sir secondly, obviously with your experience in the power market what
exactly has happened in the last two months that we have seen unprecedented hike in terms
of pricing? We saw obviously government is also changing stance, first, they encouraged
people to move out of older contract but then suddenly you know prices at 20 and
disruption in the generation market they advised that we should again come back to old
PPAs and revisit. So from an outsider standpoint how do we look at it because now that you
rightfully mentioned that there was big cost, maybe in the last two years when a state like
Telangana purchased x-amount of units through the market to meet the long-term demands.
The suppliers are obviously limited in the system and they know that a particular demand is
coming then obviously there can be a big play in the market, that can happen which may not
reflect truly on the demand supply dynamics, which happened in the last two months where
we saw prices going up to 20 bucks where a lot of discoms also played into the market and
sold power on the Exchange
at more than 15 bucks. How do we balance that Sir as a
system is my question to you?
Satyanarayan Goel:
See, let us not go to the knee jerk reaction to the situation. This kind of price increase, this
time, it is quite high mainly because of the very high increase in the imported coal price and
very high increase in the LNG price. So because of that, almost about 15000 to 20000
megawatt of capacity is not available. So, there is lot of pressure on the domestic coal and
domestic coal ramp up cannot happen. I mean at a rate of 10% to 15% and particularly
during the monsoon season we have open cast mines, and these mines are also flooded and
coal production also gets affected and this has not been first time. If you see 2018, also in
the month of October there was slight increase, so after monsoon in the month of September
and October when the weather is also hot and humid, agricultural load is there. Actually
price increase happens but then price from the month of November you will see every year

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 9 of 21
the prices go down and you will see now also the price, early part, the prices are down in
the last 6 to 7 days, the price is hovering around Rs. 5, Rs. 6 around this number. In
November I am sure the prices will be down to less than 14. It does not mean that if the
prices have increased for a month, then you will start getting into long-term contracts.
Rahul Modi:
Sir I take your point. My only question was that what has happened is that a lot of
capacities have become redundant in the system. If you are not buying capacities and
contracts then you are not incentivized enough to run this. If you are not running them then
obviously there will be a supply crunch in the medium to long term and if that is the case,
then obviously the prices may sustainably be high then, what we have seen today.
Satyanarayan Goel:
I think the kind of demand increase which is happening in the country, all the capacities
which are stranded today I am sure that will be put to use and market prices will give a
signal for the new capacity any time.
Rahul Modi:
Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors.
Please go ahead.
Kunal Thanvi:
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. I only have two
things, first again on the MBED, when will the Minister of Power come out with final and
also they have come out with a deadline of April 1, 2022. I wanted to understand in the
draft they did talk about possible reduction in the charges that an Exchange can charge. If
there is a comparison between the global markets, there is a lower charge compared to the
high charge, I just wanted to understand in the global market is that, are there some other
charges apart from the transaction charges that they charge? Question number 2 was on
long duration contract like first the expectation has been that in the bilateral market, large
part of bilateral market would come on long duration contract and do we also feel that some
part of long-term power demand can also come on the Exchanges and any color on the fee
arrangement with MCX, if you can give.
Satyanarayan Goel:
As far as MBED is concerned, charges etc., what you are referring, this is under the domain
of CERC. They will have to decide about the detailed procedure and if issues if any
regarding the transaction charge. So as and when CERC takes up this matter we will take
up, we will discuss with them and it would be as per the CERC order, implementation of
MBED that also will be dependent on realigning of regulations by CERC, lot of work has to
be done in that area. As far as we are concerned, we are ready and we are working with
CERC to ensure that it is implemented from April 1, because as far as we are concerned we
see lot of opportunities if MBED gets implemented from April 1. Long duration contracts

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 10 of 21
as I told you we have already filed our petition with CERC. We are waiting approval from
CERC, as and when we get the approval, we will launch these long duration contracts.
Initially we are looking for diverting bilateral transactions on the Exchange platform though
the shift may happen gradually but it is going to happen. With MCX, MCX is going to
launch derivatives and for settlement of the derivatives you need a reference price and they
intend to use our price, so for using our price we have agreement with them.
Kunal Thanvi:
Can you throw some light on the fee arrangement that we would have with them?
Satyanarayan Goel:
We already have agreement with them. They will be using our reference price and we will
be getting some revenue share out of that, revenue which they get from the electricity
derivatives.
Kunal Thanvi:
Sir just one followup on the pricing globally have you seen Exchanges, they charge for
other value-added services also apart from the transaction charges, is there any scope that
we can also going ahead three to five years down the line charge for the value-added
services that we give to the participants?
Satyanarayan Goel:
There is no standard system of charging fees and different Exchange charge is depending on
the conditions prevailing in their country and we also started charging based on the
conditions which are favoring in India. I do not think there is any international benchmark
for these charges.
Kunal Thanvi:
Sure, got this. Thanks a lot Sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swarnim Maheshwari from Edelweiss.
Please go ahead.
Swarnim Maheshwari:
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Just two questions, I wanted to understand
your thoughts over here, so first is, is it possible to implement MBED without price
coupling and does it defeat the purpose of single pricing versus multiple prices on the
Exchanges?
Satyanarayan Goel:
It is possible to implement MBED without price coupling and that is what government
release says, even the discussion paper which was released by government that also says
that phase 1 of MBED will be implemented without price coupling. Today if you see 99%
of the transactions in the market are happening on the IEX platform. In case of MBED also
the same phenomenon will take place.
Swarnim Maheshwari:
I think the whole point when you go for MBED, you are going from 100 to 400 billion
units, I think your ROE will be like about 4x from here and we do not see any entity making

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 11 of 21
those supernormal profits with highly regulated framework, so that was the reason to ask
that question really.
Satyanarayan Goel:
Regulator is there, they will take care of all these things. What is the profit you are making?
It is the value which we are providing. You should be more concerned about that.
Swarnim Maheshwari:
Secondly we will be moving to the mechanism of trade scheduling at the Exchange, this
would incur some additional costs with respect to our brokerage. The overall saving cost
that was envisaged on implementation of MBED is about 2% to 4% but should MBED get
implemented on the Exchanges, about 1.5% to 2% might actually be the brokerage. So, do
you think that there is a possibility that in future, the transactions might actually start
coming down, otherwise this defeats the purpose of MBED?
Satyanarayan Goel:
I told you, the regulator will have to take a view on this. They will have to say what kind of
value customers will be able to get by implementing MBED. What kind of savings will
happen? What is the job which will have to be done by the Exchanges. What kind of fees is
to be charged? We have a Regulator and they will look into all these things. Purpose of
MBED is not only 5% or 10% reduction in the cost, purpose of MBED is also to schedule
the power in the most optimum manner, utilization of resources in most efficient manner
and also going forward, integration of renewable with a conventional power in efficient
manner. So objective function is quite large, let us not limit that to 5% cost savings.
Swarnim Maheshwari:
Thank you so much Sir. I will get back in queue.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajegan from JK Capital Management
Limited. Please go ahead.
Ajegan:
My question is from one of the slides. I think it is slide #32. You are talking about total
capacity likely to phase out by March 2027 which is 41 gigawatt, this gives you additional
100 BU of opportunity for the Exchange . Right now with 9000 MU per month your current
volumes are around 100 BU per annum. So, this additional opportunity is doubling the
market?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Are you referring to the investor presentation?
Ajegan:
In investor presentation slide #32 phasing out of PPAs, total capacity likely to phase out by
March 2027 is 41 gigawatts, incremental 100 BU opportunity for the Exchange . So, your
current volume is 100 BU per annum and this you are saying is additional 100 BU?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Today we have power plants with generation capacities of 60 megawatt, 100 megawatt, 150
megawatt to 200 megawatt, these units are inefficient units consuming more coal for

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 12 of 21
generating 1 unit of electricity and these units are also quite old. They are also not meeting
the environmental standards in many of the cases. So, Government of India has decided to
phase out these old units. The capacities around 35 gigawatts to 40 gigawatts at 80%
utilization level these units should generate something about 300 billion units but since
these units are old, these units presently are generating about 100 billion units to 150 billion
units, so if these units are phased out then there is an opportunity, because they are today
generating and supplying the power to distribution companies. If they are phased out then
that power will come to the market. The demand should come to the market, so that is the
opportunity size. Out of this how much we will be able to get on the Exchange platform,
that we will work out.
Ajegan:
Okay understood. One more question on the followup side. You have in slide #33, talking
about second bullet that the government is going to deepen the power market by increasing
the spot markets to 25% by the year 2023-2024. This 25% spot market, what exactly is this?
Right now 87% is the PPA and remaining 13% you have bilateral, then you the Exchanges,
then you have the deviation settlement mechanism so this 25% is the Exchange which is
now like 6.5% to 7% which is your market share, or what are they trying to do? Because
some of the numbers I want to understand from a bird’s eye view, which one to add and
how the long term PPA is going down from 87% to 1% something like that?
Satyanarayan Goel:
This statement is from Draft National Electricity Policy which was issued by the
Government of India recently. This draft policy says that the share of the spot market
should be increased to 25% by the year 2023-2024. They have not defined the spot market
in the draft, but spot market invariably is market of short duration. Exchange transactions,
that is the spot market is today 6% to 7%, so the intent of the government what we see from
this is to increase to 25% in the next three or four years. But even going by the short-term
market which is today 12% increasing that to 25% in the next two, three, four years that
also is big multiplier.
Ajegan:
So that is what I am asking, the short-term market is 12% to 13% which is going to 25%
itself is a great deal but as per this draft I am not saying that this is an achievable target or
unachievable target, I am not commenting on that, but as per this graph 25% would be the
spot market on top of which we have the bilateral and deviation settlement mechanism, etc.,
and bilateral also you will benefit hugely because of the long-duration contract so net to net
if you assume the opportunity for the Exchange like three to four years down the line it is
like nearly what 30% if you add everything?
Satyanarayan Goel:
That is what it should be. If you want to have high renewable capacity in the country, it is
necessary that Exchange transaction should increase, there should be deepening of market
then only you will be able to address the variability in the renewable generation. If you look

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 13 of 21
at European countries where you have high renewable generation capacities, Exchange
transactions are almost about 50% of the total generation. So, India also if you want to go
with 450 gigawatts of renewable capacity in the country, I think we need to have market
size of 30% to 40% and I think this statement in the Draft National Electricity Policy also
keeping that in India.
Ajegan:
Thanks.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund.
Please go ahead.
Aniket Mittal:
First question is on the derivative market. Like you rightly said, there is a very clear
emphasis on increasing the spot market in the country but with that there also needs to be
some sort of mechanism placed to hedge the risk. I think it has been about a year now since
we signed the licensing agreement with MCX and MCX has also gone in similar technology
agreement. So, is it fair understanding from a feasibility perspective when do you think can
you launch electricity derivative market in India?
Satyanarayan Goel:
This electricity derivatives will be launched by the commodity Exchanges and what we
understand is that MCX has already signed contract approval with SEBI. But if you have
seen joint working group minutes based on which this litigation has been resolved, one of
the recommendations is that there should be a joint working group, consisting of
representative of SEBI, CERC, Ministry of Power and Ministry of Economic Affairs, these
joint working groups will decide what kind of contracts should be allowed in the derivative
market and what kind of contracts could be allowed by CERC. It should not have any
adverse impact on the spot market of the country. So, I think joint working group meeting is
expected shortly, and after they have decided and then thereafter SEBI will give the
approval and then MCX will be able to start these derivative contracts. So, I will not be able
to say anything about the timeline but then this is the process.
Aniket Mittal:
One question on how do you see the short-term market panning out in the next one year or
so? 3 years back in 2018, market prices spooked off the discoms a bit. We had back then
seen some amount of pilot schemes coming up and a lot of discoms started rushing up to tie
up certain contracts because they cannot keep on buying more than Rs.5, more than Rs.6
power on a daily basis. If you go in the past one year, we gained around 1% to 1.5% share
from bilateral. Do you think some of that can then go towards the bilateral in the coming
months?
Satyanarayan Goel:
So far only one pilot project has happened and that too for 2000 megawatt and the demand
is increasing every year at the rate of 7% to 8% now. If economy has to grow at a rate of

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 14 of 21
9% to 10% our demand has to grow at a rate of 8% to 9%. If that has to happen the demand
is growing to grow at a rate of 15000 to 16000 megawatts per year. I do not think pilot of
2000 megawatts should be really big concern for us.
Aniket Mittal:
One last question, I wanted data point, so if I look at your second quarter volumes would
you tell me who are top 3 buyers on the Exchange for this quarter and what is their
cumulative contribution to your overall volumes?
Satyanarayan Goel:
I can tell participation was there by most of the states and states where demand has
increased like Gujarat, Maharashtra, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Andhra
Pradesh all these states were active, depending on their demand they are buying power.
Aniket Mittal:
Sir would it be possible to quantify who are top three buyers and their contribution to
overall volume?
Satyanarayan Goel:
I can tell you that these seven to eight states which I told you have a significant demand
increase and they were large buyers from the Exchange .
Aniket Mittal:
Thank you and that is it from me.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apoorva Bahadur from Investec. Please go
ahead.
Apoorva Bahadur:
Sir thank you for the opportunity. Sir wanted to understand, you mentioned you are seeing
capacity addition and there should be planning in the system, so two questions here. Firstly,
where do you see this capacity increase happening? Mostly in renewables or thermal assets?
Secondly in case we are currently reducing capacity on a net basis do you see the long-term
prices on Exchanges going up subsequently?
Satyanarayan Goel:
I understand what is already going down is about 40000 megawatts capacity, which is in the
state sector and the center sector. Whatever capacity will be retired, almost same kind of
capacity will be under construction and commissioning, so there is not going to be any
shortfall in the installed capacity. In addition to this we are also working on the renewable
capacity additions, so energy side I do not see any challenge.
Rohit Bajaj:
These 20000 megawatts of capacity is also where the utilization is extremely low so we
expect as the demand grows the utilization of this capacity will also grow and this is open
capacity and they are free to sell anywhere in the market.
Apoorva Bahadur:
Secondly Sir, on the MBED side, I understand and please correct me if I am wrong but
under the MBED, price discovery would not happen on the Exchanges, especially

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 15 of 21
scheduling function, so in such scenario I know you said the regulator will take a call but
what could be remuneration for the Exchange?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Phase one of MBED Exchanges will do what we are doing today. The entire function of bid
collection, price discovery, scheduling, financial transaction settlement and physical
settlement will be done by the Exchanges.
Apoorva Bahadur:
The price is the way that will happen on Exchange for MBED?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Yes. Implementation of phase one they will see what the implications are, what kind of
benefits country is deriving out of that and what should be done for phase 2. Whether we
should launch for phase 2 or not I think the call on that will be taken after implementation
of phase 1.
Apoorva Bahadur:
Sir, in that case say for example in case of phase 1 probably NTPC will become a market
maker given that it is driving the bulk of the capacity, so what incentives is it there for
NTPC to be on IEX because what I wanted to know since NTPC will be the market maker,
probably it can drive price discovery in any of the Exchanges, Sir if you could just elaborate
on this and throw some light?
Satyanarayan Goel:
First, if you have seen the paper, it is not NTPC alone, it is talking about interstate
generating stations, so when you say interstate generating stations this is NTPC NLC, DVC,
NEEPCO, NSPC, all these companies plus the private sector companies also which are
interstate generating companies like Adani, Tata, Sasan and then you have interstate
generation stations in the private sector also, so GMR, all these companies, all these plants
are interested.
Apoorva Bahadur:
Same thing persists right, NTPC would obviously have the highest capacity among these?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Any generator or any distribution company would like to participate on Exchange platform
which has demonstrated its capability to run. I mean nobody can take risk with Exchange or
a platform which has not been proven. In last 13 years at least we have demonstrated that
that we are capable of having such a product.
Apoorva Bahadur:
I get your point. I will get back in the queue.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Noel from Ashika Group. Please go ahead.
Noel:
Actually, most of my questions have been answered by now but just one last question. This
is regarding the very high volumes that we have seen in August and September and so far

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 16 of 21
we are also seeing higher volumes for the month of October, will it be fair to assume that
these higher volumes would persist in terms of market share gain going forward?
Satyanarayan Goel:
That is what we think and that is what we are aiming for.
Noel:
But would some portion of it be seasonal in nature?
Satyanarayan Goel:
If you look at our quarterly volumes invariably Q2 is the highest volume but then when Q3
and Q4 are also reasonably good volumes, very significant.
Rohit Bajaj:
So, month on month is good variation but every quarter you will find some very good
month and all in all if you see on an annual basis within the quarter’s variation is not very
high.
Noel:
Okay that answered my question. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Madrecha from Augmenta Research
Private Limited. Please go ahead.
Aman Madrecha:
Sir I had one question. Currently on the balance sheet you have around 1000 Crores cash in
investments so what are we planning to do with this, are we planning to invest in some
other avenues or we looking to increase the dividend payout?
Satyanarayan Goel:
I request my colleague Mr. Vineet Harlalka to respond to this question.
Vineet Harlalka:
The company has surplus cash flow but it is mainly because of float which is a kind of
liability. It is more of a cash surplus, but if you look at from shareholders point it will be in
tune of around 450 Crores only. So, we are exploring diversification opportunities and
company has been paying a good amount of dividend in the past also and the company will
continue to reward the shareholders with good dividend also and the company will retain
the requisite amount of cash as required for diversification and look for other growth
opportunities.
Aman Madrecha:
I also wanted to understand the MCX derivatives coming into picture. Will there be any
effect on the volume on IEX or it will be just that MCX would be taking prices from IEX? I
was asking if MCX entering into derivatives contracts for electric trading, so can we expect
the volumes on IEX to deteriorate because as we have seen derivative often becomes a
larger market in each and every segment so can we expect the volumes to deteriorate, or the
volumes would remain same?

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 17 of 21
Satyanarayan Goel:
Volumes will never increase because the derivative contracts are financially settled
contracts and if delivery must happen under those contracts, as per the contract, the delivery
will happen on the IEX platform. That is number one. Number two, when there are
derivatives, there are a few market participants who are not participating on the Exchange
platform because of the price volatility. Now those participants will have the option of
placing their position in the derivative market and taking delivery in the spot market. The
volume in the spot market increases and so that is why government was also concerned
about introducing these derivatives in the market and government took the initiative of
resolving this jurisdictional issue.
Aman Madrecha:
So, in this derivative market the contracts will be settled there will be delivery of electricity
they will not be just financially settled?
Satyanarayan Goel:
That delivery will happen on the IEX platform, and they cannot do delivery of power
because delivery of power is regulated by CERC. It must be done as per the CERC
regulations. As per the contract any delivery resulting out of the derivative contract will
happen on the IEX platform.
Aman Madrecha:
So, like with the derivative can we expect more price fluctuation because given that there
will be derivatives so there would be price fluctuations on the platform?
Satyanarayan Goel:
I am not clear about your question.
Aman Madrecha:
Sir, I am asking the derivative itself going forward can we expect the price volatility in the
TAM or DAM markets would increase?
Satyanarayan Goel:
In fact when you have derivatives there is more stability in the price.
Aman Madrecha:
Sir I just wanted to understand more on the IGX, when can we expect IGX to materially
start contributing to the revenue or profitability?
Satyanarayan Goel:
As I told you IGX is doing volume increase every month. The traded volume is increasing
but because of the high price of gas in the international market, unfortunately the import of
gas has reduced, so availability of gas in the market has reduced. That has impacted our
projections. We were expecting in the fourth quarter of this year we should achieve
breakeven but may be like expected by one or two quarters.
Aman Madrecha:
Can you give me some data like what is the transaction charge in the IGX?
Satyanarayan Goel:
IGX transactional charges are Rs.4 per MMBTU.

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 18 of 21
Aman Madrecha:
That is helpful. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. Please
go ahead.
Devesh Agarwal:
Good afternoon gentlemen. My first question, when you look at renewable most of the
capacities get build up with 25 years PPA, do you think the addressable market for
renewable would be restricted largely for the load balancing or there would be more
volumes coming about?
Satyanarayan Goel:
In 2008 when we started IEX at that time almost 100% of the power generation capacity
was tied up with the PPA but then slowly we started having merchant capacities in the
market also and then, distribution companies when they had surplus power they started
selling on the Exchange platform. Similarly in the renewable also, we just had GTAM
markets, and on October 26 we will be starting the GDAM market too. I think when we
start these products in the market, the generators should have another option of selling their
renewable power. What we have seen in the last one year in the GTAM market, price
discovered in the Exchange platform is much, much higher than the price which they are
getting in the competitive bidding route. So, I am sure there are going to be generators who
will set up merchant capacities and volume in this market will again slowly start increasing.
I am not expecting the volume increase in the green market will happen immediately in the
next one or two years it may take time but yes.
Devesh Agarwal:
My second question is in continuation with an earlier participant’s question. Sir on the price
coupling where are we in terms of regulation? Can you help us understand, is there a clarity
from the regulator side whether this will be implemented and if yes by when?
Satyanarayan Goel:
From the regulator side, there is no mention of price coupling anywhere. They said in the
regulations also, let it be considered as and when felt necessary. I do not think there is any
discussion on this and even in the phase one press release given by the Ministry of Power
for implementation of phase one of MBED, there also, they are not talking of price
coupling. After implementation of phase 1 then they will see how effective this was, should
they go ahead with the phase 2 or not, I think these are issues which will be subsequently
dealt with.
Devesh Agarwal:
Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital.
Please go ahead.

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 19 of 21
Ankush Agrawal:
Sir just one quick question, could you highlight what will be the reason for someone to
trade on the Exchange through power traders like PTC and not directly? And what are we
doing to bridge this gap? PTC they have 30% to 40% on the Exchange? So, what according
to you are the reasons for these companies coming to Exchange from PTC and not directly
to the Exchange?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Number one, the share of PTC on power Exchange out of the total transactions what we do
is almost about 20%. It is not 30%. It is about 20%. Number two, there are couple of state
distribution companies, who participate through PTC and some of the industrial consumers
also are participating through PTC. PTC also has long-term contract with some of the
generators. They are filling the power for the Exchange platform. So, these participants
have their own reason for participating with PTC. In addition to this we also have some of
other trader members like Tata Power Trading Company, Manikaran, etc., who are doing
transactions on behalf of some of the clients and then we have many distribution companies
and who are directly doing transactions from the Exchange platform who are our
proprietary members.
Ankush Agrawal:
The reason for asking this question was PTC is trading plenty of volumes and PTC is
coming for its own Exchange and PTC is selling its volumes and they are the decision
maker with at least 20% by volume. So is it not a risk that someone like PTC will try to
shift this volume to some other Exchange ?
Satyanarayan Goel:
I will give you one example. When you purchase shares from Zerodha platform or ICICI
Direct platform there is an option that you can purchase from BSE or NSE. Who decides
about that, you decide or that platform decides about it?
Ankush Agrawal:
Good analogy.
Satyanarayan Goel:
Traders are only doing these transactions on behalf of the client. For a generator it is more
important to sell that power because power that is not sold the opportunity is lost forever.
Power is a perishable commodity. For a generator, it is important to sell the power.
Similarly for a distribution company or industrial consumer it is important to get the power.
If the power is not available, the distribution companies will have to the load shedding. So,
these factories would like to do the trade on Exchange platform where they have the
comfort that yes they will be able to sell or purchase the power. So, I think it is they who
decide about it. That is why they purchase or sell on a particular Exchange based on the
liquidity on the Exchange. It is a common phenomenon.
Ankush Agrawal:
What you are saying is the discoms and the consumers, like the discoms and power
purchasers would decide which Exchange to place order and it is not PTC who decides it?

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 20 of 21
Satyanarayan Goel:
Yes definitely.
Ankush Agrawal:
That was all. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital. Please go
ahead.
Jiten Rushi:
Thank you for taking my question. Sir I have got few bookkeeping questions. So, first
question is on what was the share of open access volume in the quarter?
Satyanarayan Goel:
This is about less than 20%.
Jiten Rushi:
Sir two more questions on the other expenses, we have seen sequential decline in other
expenses and also on the employee cost which went off sequentially, what was the reason
for decrease in the other expense and increase in employee cost and what can be the run rate
going forward?
Satyanarayan Goel:
Cost optimization during COVID time. That is one reason as far as the cost deduction is
concerned. I will request my colleague, Mr. Vineet Harlalka to respond in detail about it.
Vineet Harlalka:
During the quarter, the other expenses were mainly because of the CSR because in quarter
one it was around 200 Crores additional CSR expenses that the company incurred which
was not there this time, otherwise all the other costs are more or less same so that was the
only major significant difference in the Q1 and Q2. If you compare to the September
quarter of the previous year, yes because of the COVID, lot of restrictions were there and
all the work from home was there and that was the biggest factor. Manpower cost, the
increase was mainly because if you can recall during the quarter one concall, we clarified
there was some reversals of the variable proportions, amount was there during that quarter
so some provisional difference was there so that was one time impact given on that number.
If you look at the overall number, we are in this time only these are the number which are
we going to continue.
Jiten Rushi:
Thanks a lot Sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital.
Please go ahead.
Gokul Maheshwari:
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir in your opening comments you had mentioned about
some changes in the DSM regulation in terms of price benchmarking. Can you help us in
understanding in detail how these regulations will help the RTM gain share from DSM
overtime?

Indian Energy Exchange
October 22, 2021
Page 21 of 21
Satyanarayan Goel:
At present, DSM mechanism is that there is an average price for the day which is taken and
that average price of the day is linked with the frequency and since frequency is almost
constant hovering between 49.95 and 50.05, so the DSM price is also very close to the
average clearing price of the day. Average clearing price is average price of the day. During
evening hours, the price is higher, during morning hours the price is higher during the
daytime the price is lower. So, what we have seen is that when the demand is more, the
market clearing price is high, DSM price is lower and there is a tendency to overdraw. That
is why now CERC is linking the DSM price to the block wise price. It is stored on the
Exchange platform. So in the evening hours when the price discovered from 07:00 to 07:15
block if the price is Rs.8 then the DSM price also is going to be more than Rs.8, there is
going to be a multiplier on this price. So in the draft they have indicated 110% of the DSM
price but many of the participants have commented that this price should be higher than this
because then only it will act as a deterrent so that is how DSM price is going to be linked
with each block and it is going to be higher than the market clearing price, forcing
distribution companies to plan and purchase in the RTM market.
Gokul Maheshwari:
Is this implementation expected to happen soon with change in regulations?
Satyanarayan Goel:
This is a draft discussion, they have issues. They have invited comments. I think comments
are also submitted by all the parties. That date is over. So CERC may take up this issue in
the month of November and then thereafter the order should come hopefully by the end of
this year and in the month of January this should get implemented.
Gokul Maheshwari:
Great Sir. Thank you so much.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference
over to Mr. Jiten Rushi for his closing comments.
Jiten Rushi:
Thank you everyone for participating in the call. We thank the management for giving us
this opportunity. I will now handover to the management for their closing remarks.
Satyanarayan Goel:
Thank you very much for participating in this earning call. I must say that energy markets
have a key role to play in building India as a sustainable energy economy. With the
opportunities that lie ahead of us we are very excited about the prospects of the company,
and we had good interaction today and I look forward to similar interaction in the next
quarter also. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this
conference. We thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.
