• 
Suprajit 
Engineering 
Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office : #100 & l 01, Bommasandra Industrial Area, 
Bengaluru - 560 099. Tel: +91-80-43421 l 00, Fax: +91-80-27833279 
E-mail: info@suprajit.com Web : http://www.suprajit.com 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) : L29199KA l 985PLC006934 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Ref: 532509 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Investors conference call Transcript 
November 10, 2021 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Ref: SUPRAJIT 
Transcript of the Investors conference call held on Friday, October 29, 2021 is enclosed 
herewith. 
Same is also available on the website of the Company at www.suprajit.com. 
This is for your information & record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Suprajit Engineering Limited 
C 
~3/i 
Medappa Gowda J 
CFO & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 

Page 1 of 15 
“Suprajit Engineering Limited hosted by Anand Rathi 
Share and Stock Brokers” 
October 29, 2021 
SPEAKERS: 
MR. N S MOHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO,
SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. AKHILESH RAI – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER AND
DIRECTOR, SUPRAJIT ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY SARATHI FROM ANAND RATHI SHARES AND
STOCK BROKERS 
1\ :---.: \ rs.: I l I~ \ I f 11 
;\N/\Nlll~/\1 HI 
C
H
O
A
U
l ♦CA
LL
9i 

Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the corporate update conference call of 
Suprajit Engineering Limited hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Sarathi from Anand Rathi Shares and Stock 
Brokers. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Sarathi. 
Vijay Sarathi: 
Thank you Vikram. Good morning all. On behalf of Anand Rathi, we welcome to the 
conference call of Suprajit and this call is regarding the acquisition of the Company. The 
Company acquired one of the business unit of (Inaudible) 00:53. Request participants to 
restrict their questions relating to the acquisition. Due to the paucity of time, we will probably 
have 45 to 50 minutes request participants to request to two questions and the outset 
congratulate Mr. Ajith Rai and his team for good acquisition. Over to you Mr. Ajith. 
Ajith Rai: 
Thank you Vijay. Good morning to you all. I am delighted to announce that we signed the 
SAPA and TSA agreement with Kongsberg Automotive Norway for the transaction relating to 
light duty cables unit of Kongsberg. We have already sent the announcements and PPTs to you 
all which I hope you have had a chance to see and try to understand we will be making 
necessary clarification as you go around. This is the pretty transformational transaction for 
Suprajit in terms of the reach and the fit we will talk about it more in a while. We also been 
eyeing this asset for many years due to its fit and we are happy that it is not fructified into a 
transaction in our favor. This call is only for this transaction related as you know we are in a 
quite period our Q2 results are going to be announced in about two years’ time and we will 
have one more investor call post that result to discuss results as well as probably some more 
data relating to this transaction.  
So, I will ask our team to talk about this transaction we have with us today Akhilesh Rai who 
is our Chief Strategy Officer and Director on the board. Jim Ryan who is our Global President 
out of US he is also on the call who will talk more about this transaction. N S Mohan our 
Managing Director and CEO as well as Medappa Gowda who is our CFO. I will first ask 
Akhilesh Rai to talk about the transaction, Medappa will talk about a bit on the financial, Jim 
will talk about LDC and Mohan will take about the synergies. With that, I will ask Akhilesh to 
talk about the transaction and probably himself as he is probably for the first time coming on 
the investor call. So, over to you, Akhilesh. 
Akhilesh Rai: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. So, the quick intro I have been with Suprajit for about 10 
years. I am an engineer qualification, but I have an MDA from London Business School and 
for the past four years I have been leading strategy at Suprajit. I would lead in the PLDC 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 3 of 15 
acquisition (Inaudible) 3.47 and now acquisition of LDC from Kongsberg Automotive. I will 
refer to the slides that we have on the acquisition highlight so this is slide 2. This acquisition in 
fact there is an easy on a cash and debt free basis for 42 million USD. This is quite a good I 
think it is a good opportunity and a good deal for us considering the projected 100 million 
USD revenue and double-digit EBITDA that the Kongsberg is forecasting for the LDC 
business units and we are something that we also believe is possible considering good strong 
especially with a good strong bounce back of the automotive industry next year.  
The timeline for the closing is Q4 this is mainly because there are various IT carve outs and 
moves of people and some manufacturing business into the legal entities that we are acquiring. 
Most of the LDC related business moves have been completed so it is mainly the IT carve out 
that needs to be done before closing as well as of course there is a usual regulatory clearances 
in these various jurisdictions. All legal entities of LDC are being acquired in Mexico, US, 
Hungary and China. The main manufacturing locations are in relatively low country which 
makes this is a very key strategic opportunity for us. So, Mexico, Hungary and China are the 
key manufacturing locations, but we also have a legal entity in Brownfield which is mainly the 
warehousing and distribution for all the US customers in the US which will also be a key part 
of our transaction.  
So, we are looking at about 1,300 people full time employees that we are going to be bringing 
under the Suprajit Group of course it could be much higher once if they are able to reach the 
projections, but currently except this level. This will add a lot of engineering and clear strength 
to Suprajit bring us very close to the customers. The main R&D and sales team is about is 
across the globe for LDC with about 25 people, but the main engineering is out of no way the 
USA which is very close to the customers in the deployed area, but we also have engineering 
out of the UK and Germany and further application engineer of course in each plant. The sales 
people are similarly very close to customers they have all the manufacturing locations, but also 
in Germany, Sweden, UK and France to support our various customers LDC various customers 
in those regions. So, with that quick outline of the transaction I will hand it over to Medappa. 
Medappa Gowda: 
Thank you Akhilesh. Good morning to everyone. We have carried out the financial tax and 
operation in due diligence across the targeted entities located in Hungary, Mexico, USA and 
China. According to our due diligence and also as per Kongsberg the revenue forecast for the 
calendar 2021 needs 90 million $US and for the calendar year 2022 is 100 million $US with an 
EBITDA margin of 10%. We have sufficient cash balance surplus cash balance in the balance 
sheet. However, we are discussing with one of our bankers to partially fund these transactions. 
Thank you. 
Jim Ryan: 
Greetings everyone. Just quickly an introduction shorter introduction of myself. My name is 
Jim Ryan and I am based in the United States. I was brought into Suprajit approximately 6 
months ago for a strategic reasons such as this acquisition. My background education wise is a 
mechanical engineering, but I have been in industry for approximately 37 years combination of 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 4 of 15 
engineering and sales work initially and then in general management operations since 1997. I 
have actually been involved with cables in one way or another since 1987 starting with being a 
supplier to the cable industry and then joining in an actual cable competitor name Capro that 
was a genesis of what this business is as far as its acquisitions from Kongsberg and now the 
divestiture to Suprajit.  
So, I have got quite a bit of experience in an out of cables in a global basis possibly been 
involved with aerospace medical and electronics, but primarily industrial and automotive in the 
area of control and control system such as cables and electro mechanical which is related to 
this acquisition. I was part of Teleflex Industrial which was a conglomerate of products geared 
primary for driver control systems inclusive of cables when Kongsberg acquired them from 
Teleflex in 2007. So, I am very familiar with this business. I work with this business in various 
form throughout the years at Kongsberg leading into a 2015 to 2016, 2017 effort to divest of 
this business the strategic reasons much like what they are doing today. Unfortunately, those 
projects did not move forward at the time and I elected to leave in 2017 and I have been with 
Suprajit now for 6 months helping the team with this acquisition and other elements of the 
cable business in terms of cable global operations and this acquisition again is something that I 
am quite familiar with both in the operation for the three entities that are being acquired as 
well as still many other people they are involved in the business.  
N S Mohan: 
I would like to just talk about a few synergy I know you would have gone through the slides 
already, but fundamentally what I would like to draw your attention is that like CK Prahalad 
used to say “theory of core competence”. So, our core competence is cables and this makes us 
literally get into a sort of a full position in the cable word particularly in the light duty cable 
area. It also enhances our engineering capabilities and definitely our manufacturing footprints 
not to just say about the manufacturing capacities. Fundamentally we always used to get into 
this question in North America more so in USA whether we can serve the US market from 
Americas and since we had Wescon which was predominantly the non-automotive portion we 
always used to be wondering and how do we get into the automotive part of it. So, this gives us 
a plug into the North American market particularly in automotive. Since this is also got 
exposure to non-automotive it expands non-automotive portion there. While we continue to 
build stronger relationship when the Suprajit we had those relationship, when we acquired 
Wescon we expanded those relationship and this again does the same thing in expanding our 
relationship with the existing customer and also onboarding new customers example like 
Tesla. So, one another important thing is along with LDC which is the cable we are also 
getting into what we call EMA or electro mechanical actuators. So, this is a new product which 
is going to come under our belt and that is going to probably help us get into the next level. So, 
overall in terms of manufacturing footprint we are now into automotive in the US market, we 
are strongly entrenched in the European market with Hungarian plant and we have got an 
access into the Chinese market. So, with this we will be one of those global leaders in the cable 
business and will help us in enhancing our capabilities be it in terms of quality, cost, 
development or delivery. 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 5 of 15 
Ajith Rai: 
Thank you Mohan and the rest. I just wanted to conclude saying that we I think got a very 
value for money deal as Medappa sort of said that next year the target is about 100 million 
$US revenues with about 10% EBITDA and the enterprise value at no debt, no cash at 42 
million you can do the math to say that it is a good buy for us and this is our core competence 
as Mohan has said. So, having this kind of a perfect supply chain footprint will really lead us to 
do lot more in this space and consolidate our position and we will easily be able to be the 
global leader which we already are to the next level of service to the customer ultimately 
customer satisfaction is paramount to us and at this kind of footprint and this kind of 
warehousing, this kind of delivery capacities, this kind of engineering capabilities and our 
reach in multiple geographies handson would give us a solid global presence. So, I believe that 
this would add significant value to investors as well. The other important point that some of 
those investors who have been with us for long 20 years ago we were 95% in two wheelers 
after this transaction get consummated I think we will be only about 20%, 25% in two 
wheelers and our presence in automotive, in non automotive and in the aftermarket will get 
further strengthened. So, we will really be our theory of derisk and grow profitably will 
perfectly be answered with this acquisition. With this note I would like to now hand it over to 
the moderator and we are ready to take on some questions from some of you as and when it 
comes. So, thank you very much and I hand it over to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sir, I just wanted sense on the sales number so you said 90 million for this year what was this 
numbers say three years back, how has the growth been in this business and historically what 
are the margins that this business is made? 
Ajith Rai: 
From what I know frankly I was involved with Kongsberg transaction last time also. The 
business in those days were also generating double digit margins. I think in the last two, three 
years the sales had sort of stagnated I think the numbers are around this last time also. I think 
this year the number is stagnating mostly because of the COVID scenario otherwise I think the 
original budgets were much higher, but then right now due to IC chips there is certain amount 
of lag from their original target.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
This would be a slightly lower margin business compared to Suprajit India so what gives us the 
confidence to turnaround this business? 
Ajith Rai: 
I think in terms of turning around obviously we will have to get into see what all we need to do 
to improve, but today I think 10% margin business in automotive is pretty good. I think what 
we are getting is a kind of a transactional value which is I think is very difficult to get in this 
business in terms of valuation itself. So, you are right the current margins in this business is 
slightly lower, but that is why we are also getting at a much lower valuation. So, in terms of 
return on investment I think this would match with what we are doing currently. 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 6 of 15 
Deepak Lalwani: 
So, with this transaction does Suprajit get any technical abilities which would enhance us to 
improve on the efficiencies in India as well and globally? 
Ajith Rai: 
I think the engineering strength of LDC is pretty strong. I think they have been working with 
some of the marquee customers where we have shared with you the Tesla of the world and 
some of the marquee other customers. I think they also are having multiple patents with them I 
am sure between their engineering strength and our engineering strength which is also pretty 
good I must say together I think it will become a stronger team. I think that is what I would 
like to say at this moment, but eventually I think we are really in the saddle we will get to 
know how much more complementary strengths we have. They are certainly much stronger I 
let us say in seat and seating related businesses whereas we are much stronger on the door and 
body cable. So, together I think it makes it more complete in terms of the content per car. 
Secondly, I think more importantly EMA will be the one which will add on for our future 
businesses. We have been only making cables and with the EMA we become also a very clear 
system supplier.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
And lastly sir you said 10% margin on 90 million so at the PAT level how much will this 
entity make and if you could touch upon the debt and the gross block that this business will get 
on to the Suprajit balance sheet? 
Ajith Rai: 
No, we are not taking any debt it is debt free cash free. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And the PAT what it would be? 
Ajith Rai: 
PAT I think you know there is projections made by them we do not want to really get into that 
at the moment, but their depreciation charges are not very high at the moment. So, it is pretty 
good cash flows are pretty strong that is what I would like to say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir how much capacity and the current utilization for the light duty cable business and what 
could be the peak revenue? 
Ajith Rai: 
On capacity I think Jim do you know their capacity and utilization. 
Jim Ryan: 
It is mix pie facility and by the number of potential shifts that can be applied, but in general I 
would put the capacity of roughly 60%, 65%.  
Ajith Rai: 
I think their total capacity is around 100 million and probably they are now operating about I 
think at about 55%, 60%. So, you can make out at the full capacity what could be the revenues. 
It is almost like another 60%, 70%, 80% higher than the current run rate.  
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 7 of 15 
Abhishek Jain: 
And how much addition will be happened in the gross block? 
Ajith Rai: 
We will have to get back to you on this. 
Abhishek Jain: 
My next question is related with the asset turnover of this so what was the asset turnover in the 
past years and how much asset turnover is we are looking going ahead? 
Ajith Rai: 
That is why I am saying we will have to look at the gross block correctly to answer that 
question it is again connects with that only. I think we will have to come offline to make a 
point I think we will be able to provide that data to you. 
Abhishek Jain: 
I was checking that this business has won large business from the EV players so just wanted to 
understand what is the current order book and what is the contribution of the revenue from the 
EV side out of the $90 million revenue? 
Ajith Rai: 
I think we will not get into there is Tesla is one of the main customers for them, but as I know 
do you know which part of Tesla requirements we meet for LDC? 
Jim Ryan: 
Yes it is primarily through the seating elements of Tesla at the moment and is the model as a 
marquee application for both cables and electro mechanical.  
Ajith Rai: 
So, both EMA as well as cables you are supplying to Tesla and as I know we also supply to 
some of the Chinese EV manufacturers and there also these cables are used for the EV. In 
terms of the segment wise split how much is EV, how much is non EV I do not think we have 
the data with us, but as you know globally also the EV is still emerging in terms of number of 
vehicles. So the fact that we are with the leader in that business as a supplier that is Tesla I 
think that speaks that we are well entrenched to capitalize on this opportunities.  
Abhishek Jain: 
My last question is this that after this acquisition of we would be able to win business from the 
India OEM particularly for actuators, so how much pocket size of the EMA right now India 
and what sort of revenue are you targeting? 
Ajith Rai: 
It is too early Abhishek I think we are just in the acquisition mode once the transaction closes 
and we are in the saddle we will have to assess closely what are all the EMA technologies they 
have and how much it is really usable in India. I think this transaction is not necessarily India 
centric I think we are looking at what EMAs are required in higher end car in Europe and US. I 
think that is where the business will be, but whenever like whether the Tatas or the Mahindras 
want to have EMA actuated cables for their seating system particularly for the higher end 
vehicles. I think we will have ability to service them. So, these are the things that we need to 
know once we get in, but the point that we are making is from just a cable supplier we are 
becoming a system supplier through EMA.  
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 8 of 15 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, the interior segment of the Kongsberg Automotive consists of the two business units one is 
the light duty cables and another is the comfort system, so I assume that you have only taken 
the light duty cable business? 
Ajith Rai: 
Absolutely we have taken only the LDC not the interior system. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Sir, I have just one question typically lot of this foreign entities with multiple plants in 
different geographies we have seen in the past and some of the very high fixed cost and very 
high employee cost and Jim has worked there, so if you can get some sense around that are 
there any like low hanging fruits which you have seen with your kind of experience and the 
setup in India and other things, will there be any cost benefits which you can bring in over 
there and any thoughts around that would also be helpful? 
Ajith Rai: 
Any thoughts on the cost optimization that we could do and then I will probably add on few 
more points.  
Jim Ryan: 
Firstly the acquisition is related to growth more so than squeezing synergies and cost that said 
because of the complementary nature of the businesses whether it is the manufacturing 
footprint or the customer points of call and the market serve there is rather minimal overlap for 
the direct resources, but I would say in risk of speaking on behalf of Kongsberg portfolio is 
very complex and as a result there corporate overhead structures were very different from 
Suprajit and the focus that Suprajit has within cables specifically well enable us to have a 
linear organizational structure at Kongsberg. Additional synergies I think can be extracted as 
Mohan had mentioned we will certainly have the opportunity to optimize operational processes 
and apply best practices between the groups and will also be able to find some opportunities to 
leverage our expand and communalize our products. So, there will be indeed some opportunity 
for cost improvement, but I think the more important element with this acquisition are growth. 
Ajith Rai: 
I think just to again add on to here what we are really been doing so far was Made in India and 
distributed in the world what is happening in the supply chain today. There is a complete 
disruption, containers get lock down we have 20%, 25% of our inventory stuck in some 
container in some port. Now what this brings to us is that a better and more efficient 
distribution in the long run because we will have a local footprint. The fortunate part of this 
transaction is that all the footprint are in the lower cost countries. It is not manufacturing in 
Germany or manufacture in US. We only have engineering support, warehousing in these 
places, high-cost places and the manufacturer low cost countries. So, geographically we are 
now having a footprint of manufacturing which give the comfort also to the customer that not 
everything is depending upon India. So, what is a big manufacturer of automotive is today 
looking at supplier who have a perfect footprint that means they are able to also socially 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 9 of 15 
locally deliver I think that is what going to give to him and because we are working on a low 
cost structure I think generally the high cost structure that you would see out of let us say a 
German or American plants would not come and what the point that Jim brought out was 
clearly compared to Kongsberg where the overheads are lot more complex and much more 
higher. I think Suprajit as you know very well we have always been operated on a very lean 
structure. I think that helps in bringing additional synergy and cost optimization.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Viraj from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Just got two, three questions first is if you can just give some color in terms of EMA and LDC 
mix between in the business? 
Akhilesh Rai: 
The split between EMA and cables so I think we have about 12% to 15% in the EMA system 
and the rest will be in the cables and mechanical expense not just talking about your cables, but 
that would be some kind of mechanical system component we did as well so that would be the 
split 12% to 15% in electro mechanical actuation. 
Viraj: 
Second question is as you rightly said the focus is more on a growth part of element and if we 
look at our own journey and we had the acquisition of Wescon couple of years back and that 
give a footprint into the non-automotive, but the market there was quite more fragmented and 
therefore that was really being really a sub segment, so if you were to understand this 
particular business profile one is how is the landscape in terms of competition intensity so 
what will be a position in automotive, would it be concentrated say two, three larger customers 
or it contributed say a particular market segment say PV or heavy duty or light duty vehicles 
and then the opportunity is there in so how kind of we are looking at the opportunities for next 
three to five years? 
Ajith Rai: 
I think it is a multiple question let me try to generalize the answer I think typically what we 
have seen in the diligences that the customers are normally complementary accepting one or 
two customers we do not have large common customers. So, that helps so when we are 
integrating there is no overlap number one. Number two it is interesting the business LDC does 
is more in the seat and seat related and less in the door and body related although they make 
those cable as well whereas it is the other way around with Suprajit. So, when you put the two 
things together our customer base enlarges and our content per car increases. So, that is what 
actually is happening in this. In terms of customers, I think they have the customer list is there 
in the PPT and you also know our customer although there are some common customers the 
applications for those customers are different. So, we have not been competing direct of course 
there has been some competition from time to time, but we have not been directly competing 
with each other on a really head on basis on many of these markets. So, that helps to say that 
we can now leverage that different, different customers more cables for example LDC is 
supplying only the seats to Tesla why not Suprajit supply the door cables or body cables I 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 10 of 15 
mean these are all the possibilities for the future. So, I think it brings a synergies in that sense I 
do not know I have answered all your questions. 
Viraj: 
Just two follow up one is on the content part so if I have to understand from the current 
offerings which I have seating related and we are more there say doors and body related, so 
how does the content changed versus current offering and second is as again as ISKCON 
where there are so many sub segments in non auto, auto market would be the understanding be 
right that the sales grow the acceleration with us coming in will be much higher say in next 
three to five years? 
Ajith Rai: 
It is about business development Jim would you like to comment.  
Jim Ryan: 
When we look at the portfolio from a product perspective I think in many ways the product 
itself is secondary to maybe the services and the locations for distribution manufacturer. We 
see things in the market place like the trade barriers and the logistics challenges that was 
mentioned by Ajith that within the footprint than the services themselves for the products 
become a dimension that we will be able to offer people in a much greater sense. If we take 
automotive and you start to segment it then you do look at body cables, you do look at seating 
cables and you have some specialty applications inclusive of things like sun roof and within 
the portfolio of cables there is elements of LDC they will be bringing to us that we do not 
currently participate in. Some of them includes some of the systems whether that the electro 
mechanical systems whereby a motor and a gear train and multiple cables can provide seating 
a unique functionality or if it is in the systems such as with steel whereby there is a handles 
and molding and triggers and electronic switches that come together in a sub system. So, the 
growth opportunities in cables are rather complex in terms the opportunities themselves 
because of nature of the applications, but what the acquisition does it provides us a breath and 
scope and diversity of customer base and geography to combine the services and the products 
and to unique solutions for our customers that many of the competitors really would not have 
the same footprint for overall capabilities to provide. 
Viraj: 
The kind of gaps which we have in the sense say for body related output, door anticipated 
product segment do we need to make any investments from our business and that business to 
meet that requirement going forward for those geographies? 
Ajith Rai: 
As we know the capacities are in place I think currently LDC is doing I do not know 55% of 
the capacity or something like that. So, there is enough capacities are there. What happens 
whenever a new product is developed Viraj is that the trolling developments are the one that 
takes some investment. Typically many a times or most of the times these trolling are also paid 
for by the customers. So when the capacity of let us say lines and space and equipments are 
existing I think increasing the capacity I am sure there would be some kind of capacity in 
terms of cost, but I think most of the time it is the component developments and the trolling 
and things like that which also is paid for by the customer. So, I would say generally cables are 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 11 of 15 
as you have seen in Suprajit are not high intensity CAPEX project, they are lighter, some of 
them are also transferable to the customer.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sreemant Dudhoria an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sreemant Dudhoria: 
I am just trying to understand this transaction better to Deepak’s earlier question on the 
EBITDA margin and the historical EBITDA margin like ideally would have liked to see the 
pro forma financial of this specific segment the reason why we are asking is because the 
interior division which Kongsberg report because it is a listed entity the margin of that division 
has never crossed 10% in the recent past at least in the last three years, so is it fair to assume 
that even this division under that segment was making similar sort of margin about say 6% to 
7%? 
Ajith Rai: 
I do not know the interior overall margin, but you must realize that this was a smaller part of 
the interior and generally it has been making 10% margin let us say plus minus couple of 
percentage point. This is a carved-out business so to some extent we know what the cable 
margins are in business with a similar products that we also make. So, our own assessment is 
also that the double digit margin is certainly possible in this business. 
Sreemant Dudhoria: 
And for the execution of the order book which this division has how important is the 
availability of semiconductor chips because in the recent quarters the performance of this 
division of a Kongsberg has not been so great and the rationale being said that the shortage of 
semiconductor chips? 
Ajith Rai: 
I will again put the question to Jim I do not think in our production we have much of a 
semiconductor issues, but our customer has. So Jim anything to comment.  
Jim Ryan: 
Within the product portfolio in EMA there are what we call smart motor systems that we are 
going to rely on a chip and there is some risk and turbulence obviously with everybody 
involved in that or I would say the greatest issue is indirect with the OEMs themselves and the 
demand constraints that they themselves have for chips not directly to this business. 
Sreemant Dudhoria: 
And one last question if I could check as per the press release which Kongsberg has shared and 
their rationale for the sale of this businesses they wanted to execute as part of the shift gear 
transformation which they undertaking and be ready for the future proof product portfolio, so 
out of curiosity just checking you know why was this division not a future proof product 
portfolio given the various disruptions that the automotive industry is currently facing? 
Ajith Rai: 
I have an answer because first of all I think to give a larger perspective this cable division it 
was never a part of the core product of Kongsberg. It just happened to come because they did a 
transaction with 2007 with Teleflex where the automotive division was sold off to Kongsberg. 
So, they have this as a part of that transaction and it never got the attention it required because 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 12 of 15 
they were focusing on all our their other products which was what their focus was. So, this sort 
of how do I say kind of a crying baby for multiple years and that is why this business never 
grew under them. So, I think it is just that they decide that there is no point in doing a half 
attention to a division. It is better to sell it off and refocus on their business whereas for people 
like us with the kind of footprint that they have we could have never created it ourselves and 
the customer profile that they have along with the engineering strength. So, it is a question for 
them it probably was not core competence whereas Suprajit core competence is cables and that 
is where we have been doing so well. So, it is just a question of priorities for the organization. 
Being listed Company they also have their own requirements of funds if you see their balance 
sheet you understand why they would have required fund so I would leave it here. 
Management: 
He is asking if the fuel filler cables is concern when EV cars come in? 
Akhilesh Rai: 
In general the EV in the passenger vehicle segment there is no real concern for the cable and 
cable system and this is a good example that you bring up fuel lid you may think that a fuel lid 
cable will no longer be there in electric vehicles, but to plug in your charger you still need 
something to open and in fact we have within Suprajit and I am sure within LDC business 
those sort of cable systems that are coming in for EVs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from Nikhil Kale from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Kale: 
My first question was on the EMA side I think talked about that is a good opportunity can you 
just provide some more color on this meaning what is the content of EMA in some of the 
higher-end cars today globally what could be the opportunity size and generally I think you 
spoke about content increase, so can you provide some data on okay what was our content 
today in say for some of our European customers and because of this acquisition what could 
that content be going ahead? 
Ajith Rai: 
I think all I would say currently I think only about 15% of the LDC business is in EMA. I think 
to give a little higher color on what exactly EMA does I will probably again toss the question 
to Jim maybe he can give some more color to this. 
Jim Ryan: 
The EMA product is primarily geared towards the sealing applications and where actuators are 
difficult to package within a seat particularly for larger vehicles second and third row sealing. 
The electromechanical devices are motors with gear trains and then pulled cables and they are 
capable of sequencing and pulling multiple cables for hold and tumble and stuff. So as people 
are looking for more and more functionality in their vehicles the larger vehicles with second 
and third row applications the EMA has it primary home there.  
Nikhil Kale: 
Andy data on what would be the average contents in dollars or something like that? 
Ajith Rai: 
In terms of value is it give me any idea on how much I mean they will certainly vary from 
application-to-application, but for the total value per systems much as in cable because this 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 13 of 15 
will have a cable electro mechanical actuator. So, the cost of the actuator itself also is higher. 
So, total content increases, but do you have a number for this Jim. 
Jim Ryan: 
I do not have a specific number to give it is fairly complex (Inaudible) 45:02 much as a motor 
and a cable or it could be as many as 6 cables and (Inaudible) 45:06 change in complexity. So, 
it is a mix that I would be reluctant that would buy a specific value to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question is from the line of Chirag Shah. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, I have two, three questions actually and some clarification first you mentioned we are 
strong in body or door cable and CVs and seating cables now why are we not necessary strong 
in seating cable first is that question at least for India perspective we should be there at all 
places? 
Ajith Rai: 
In India we are with everybody I am talking about the global scene what happens in the global 
scene is that the customers, the (Inaudible) 46.14 of the world, the Aiden of the world or 
Magnus of the world have been working with LDC much more stronger on the seating system. 
So, that entry barrier was there for us. Now that entry barriers goes because they become part 
of us that is how it is whereas we had a strong presence with the guys who are making the door 
panels etcetera and that is where we score and LDC is not having such a presence. 
Chirag Shah: 
A cross leveraging to an existing customer like VW or GM should we assume it will be a three 
to four year cycle because you will approach and you will approve it and at least three years 
cycle it will take or it is a much shorter cycle? 
Ajith Rai: 
The point is that whenever the new I will probably ask Mohan to answer how a new product 
launch happens and how they take customer suppliers in terms of assessment so probably he 
will give you a color on this. 
N S Mohan: 
Basically, in automotive industry everything goes on platform. So, once the platform is getting 
refreshed or being launched you get on to the platform and then you serve the entire platform. 
So, I would put it this way it gives us an access directly to a platform through this acquisition 
so if we do not have any content on that platform. If we already have a content on the platform 
it adds to the contents of the platform. In terms of getting on to a new platform it is a totally 
new business win which is a normal part of a business be it as LDC or Suprajit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Amit Hiranandani from Smifs Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
I have some data questions just wanted to know we are getting some additional 106 million of 
cable capacity for Kongsberg, so how many cables Kongsberg manufacture and sold in the last 
two years and secondly on the margin side of Kongsberg how we are planning to improve the 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 14 of 15 
financial of Kongsberg especially on the margins and do you expect the consolidated EBITDA 
margin will slightly come down post this acquisition? 
Ajith Rai: 
In terms of the last two years as I know from the diligence I think they are utilizing around 
55%, 60% of their capacity so that mean the steel capacity available to increase the volume of 
that what was the second part of the question sorry I just missed that. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Just wanted to understand the margin side how we are planning to improve the margin? 
Ajith Rai: 
I think we have answered in a way let me toss this question to Mohan again to probably give 
another perspective in terms of margin improvement if at all. 
N S Mohan: 
Basically when we talk about margins fundamentally it is what can you do with your material 
cost, what you can do with your labor cost and what you can do with your overhead I am 
trying to simplify the whole complex situation so like Jim has already answered the overhead 
part is pretty easy to understand and explain with the complex overheads that Kongsberg has 
which get replaced by our I would say rural management style that we have at Suprajit. To a 
great extent it is going to reduce the overheads portion. Now when it comes to the labor you 
know that these are all in the low-cost countries now beyond this what productivity 
improvement can be done is an ongoing process. Now there could definitely be exchange of 
ideas between the legacy Suprajit business where Suprajit business can learn from K at the 
same time K can also learn from Suprajit. Now this is going to be a very typical manufacturing 
scene where you do kaizens and keep improving things. Therefore, productivity improvements 
can be done vis-à-vis the material cost it is good be very interesting as we get more deep into it 
I think we will be able to discover where are those synergies and can we operate on those 
synergies and leverage to reduce our total material cost. So, obviously as a manufacturing 
outfit and an organization it would be our constant endeavor to ensure that maximum value is 
produced by minimizing our cost.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ajith Kumar Rai for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ajith Rai: 
Thank you all for participating and asking the questions regarding this transaction. As I said 
earlier this is transformational for us. This is going to make Suprajit truly a global name in 
cables if not number one we will certainly number two now. I think beyond that I think the 
kind of footprint that we have both in manufacturing business development, engineering, 
warehousing, etcetera and the strength of both the teams engineering teams at LDC as well as 
with us I think will be a formidable cable manufacturer globally and we will be able to 
leverage that scale for the benefit of the customers and improve our own margins over the 
period of time by understanding the best practices at both the places. So, we think that this is 
going to be significant value add for Suprajit and its investors and I look forward to interacting 
you again with you post the Q2 results on the results as well as maybe some developments on 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 

Page 15 of 15 
this. So, thank you very much and at the same time I would like to thank Anand Rathi for 
hosting this call Vijay Sarathi and his team and thank you very much Vikram for moderating 
this session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock 
Brokers that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
/\Ni\Nl)liAJ Ill 
