KESORAM 
www.kesocorp.com 
KIL/SE/Reg. 30/2021-2022 
Dated: 30" November, 2021 
  
BSE Ltd. 
First Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai — 400001 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Plot no. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai — 400051 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd. 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata — 700001 
  
 (BSE NCD Scrip Code — 973060) 
(BSE Equity Scrip Code — 502937) 
(NSE Symbol — KESORAMIND) 
 
 
(CSE Scrip code — 10000020) 
  
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
Subject: Conference Call Transcript 
Please find enclosed herewith Conference Call Transcript in respect of conference call with Investor held 
on 22"! November, 2021. 
The same is also available on the website of the Company viz. www.kesocorp.com 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kesora 
     
Raghuram Nath 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
P + 9] 33 2243 5453, 2242 9454 
+ 91 33 2248 0764, 2213 0441 
F 
+ 91 33 2210 9455 
E 
: corporate@kesoram.net 
Industries Limited 
  
Kesoram Industries Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office 
9/1, R.N, Mukherjee Road, Kolkata 
- 700 001 
CIN 
- L17119WB191 9PLC003429 
RLA 
\ 
CG 
> 
p. 
° 
¢ 
of 
ON 
 

[<kesoram 
“Kesoram Industries Limited 
Q2F Y2022Earnings Conference Call” 
November 22, 2021 
[<kesoram 
ey 
>»... 
CAPITAL 
ANALYST: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR— DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. P. RADHAKRISHNAN — WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CEO - KESORAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SURESH SHARMA — CFO - KESORAM INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAGHURAM NATH —COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER - KESORAM INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
Page 1 of 19

[kesoram 
Moderator: 
Bhoomika Nair: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kesoram Industries Limited Q2 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. Thank you and over to you, Madam! 
Thanks Faizon. Good evening everyone and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 earnings call of 
Kesoram Industries Limited. We have with us today the management being represented by 
Mr. P Radhakrishnan — Whole Time Director & CEO. 
I will now hand over the call to him 
for his initial remarks post which we will open up the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Sir! 
Good evening to everyone. At the outset I would like to thank DAM Capital for facilitating 
this call. 
] am Radhakrishnan — Whole Time Director & CEO of Kesoram Industries Limited, 
along with me, 
I have got, Mr. Suresh Sharma — CFO of Kesoram Industries Limited; Mr. 
Raghuram Nath — the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of Kesoram Industries 
Limited. 
Thank you all for taking your time out for this call. As you all know Kesoram is a 100-year 
plus old company and we for the first time in our 100 plus years, we are a pure cement 
company. We were a conglomerate having multiple businesses. Over a period, we have 
metamorphosed and we expand as a pure cement manufacturing company. 
Just to give you a brief background we have got two manufacturing facilities mainly at Sedam 
in the state of Karnataka and Basantnagar, Telangana is the other plant. Traditionally, in the 
past, if you look at Kesoram we have been manufacturing/selling about 5 million to 6 million 
tons of cement every year and our EBITDA hovers between 300 Crores to 400 Crores per 
year. 
What has happened is in the recent 12 months, the way we have functioned, we have moved 
this volume to closer to 7 million tons is what we will manufacture and sell and we have got 
the ability to do close to anywhere between 8.5 million to 9 million tons per annum is what 
as a company we can manufacture and sell cement comprising up on two units which are 
fully integrated cement plants. 
That is the bref background that Kesoram and in the recent past what we have done is post 
demerger there has been liquidity requirements in the business so we have settled all the banks 
sometime during last March and the focus was to bring in the requisite liquidity in the fastest 
possible time and demonstrate that we are able to operate the business at an optimal level. If 
Page 2 of 19

[kesoram 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
we look at our first few quarter’s performance that is Q1 and Q2 we have demonstrated that 
once the liquidity improves the business can operate at a good operating level, which the 
numbers demonstrate. Q2 volume growth is 37% and for the entire Hl we have grown by 
58% in volume. So overall volume we have done about 3.47million tons for H1 as against 
2.2 million tons which is a healthy growth. 
Now having achieved the first milestone of optimizing the business with the requisite working 
capital the company’s immediate milestone is to reduce the cost and manage the debt that is 
where we are. On the operation front, we did clock an EBITDA of about Rs. 339 Crores for 
HI as against Rs. 234 Crores corresponding H1. Our accent is more on blended cement and 
we did grow in the blended cement volume by about 51% so far as we sell across 7 states and 
core markets are Telangana, Maharashtra, Karnataka besides Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Madhya 
Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and of course Goa to be take it as part of Karnataka. So 
these are the states we predominantly manufacture and sell the cement. 
We have achieved a good milestone so far our operation is concerned. The Sedam unit has 
bagged multiple awards. 
It has bagged the excellent Energy efficient unit award and has 
bagged more than 7 awards during the period which we are discussing. We have started our 
Solapur packing plant in the month of August 2021. This would help us to penetrate the 
market deeper and serve our customers at a faster rate. So far these were the broad features 
of the operations and performance in the Q2 as well as in the first half of the year. Q2 is 
supposed to be a relatively weaker quarter for the industry but we have clocked a healthy 
volume in Q2 quarter too 
- that is as against 1.3 million tons sale in 2020-2021, we have 
clocked 1.78 million tons in 2021-2022. 
The EBITDA 
- HI, 
it is at Rs. 234 Crores to about Rs. 339 Crores is what we achieved. 
Predominantly this EBITDA increase was made possible by volume and of course the net 
sales realization. There were cost increases in power and fuel, but so far in the first H1 we 
were able to weather the power and fuel costs through a combination of volume and prices. 
Going forward, yes, there has been uptick in the power and fuel costs in October as all of us 
know. There has been a sudden spike in coal and non-availability of coal to sectors other than 
power manufacturing unit. 
Yes, we hope to be a temporary sight and we are sure it to be temporary. It has its impact and 
we as an organization were not able to fully transmit this increase, however, reasonable 
coverage we have done on this as we had moved forward post the first half and we are 
confident that we should be able to cover this as it progresses by way of the prices coming 
down to reasonable level and the prices stabilize. These are the major features from the 
operational side. It is important to touch upon the balance sheet side and what we are looking 
at and how we are planning. 
Page 3 of 19

[kesoram 
Moderator: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
As you all aware that we had done a rights issue and have raised about Rs. 200 Crores, 50% 
of the rights issue as we speak and the balance 50% our Board has given the go ahead to do 
the final call and we will be doing the call and collecting the money from here around till 
January 2022. So with this collection of money of the rights issue backed by the healthy H1 
results, 
it is bound to the move the rating parameters on the upward trend and this will 
facilitate for us to bring down the cost of borrowing. It is the next milestone which we want 
to operate. 
We have capex expansion. 
| think we can comfortably manufacture and sell, 8.5 million to 9 
million tones without doing any capex spends that is where we are. Once we correct the 
balance sheet by way of bringing down the borrowing costs, obviously we look at first fully 
utilizing our existing capacities and maximizing our capacity by doing more blended cement 
and the next stage would be to debottlenecking our existing facilities. If we look upon, we 
were always called a 7.25 million tons but over a period of time we have debottlenecked 
because of which we have the ability to do 8.5 million to 9 million tons and we have already 
demonstrated abilities in the first half of the year. We will be further debottlenecking our 
clinker capacity and that is the way forward for that we will move as an organization. 
The other capex priority will be to come up with limestone bearing land, so that we have good 
amount of limestone bearing lands which will last up to seven - eight plus years in our sedam 
plants. We will look at acquiring these lands and another priority would be to spend on waste 
heat recovery system, which will have a payback period of about 1.5 years to close to two 
years. 
This would be the way we go forward as an organization. This is what we want to take this 
organization forward and we want to put all the efforts more efficiently and in the best 
possible manner. With this I have touched upon our operations on Q2. Our volume growth 
and the couple of things which probably needs to be highlighted apart from the rights issue is 
we have launched one more product with the name CONQUERETE a premium product in 
the blended cement in the state of Maharashtra to start with. That is another milestone which 
happened recently and out of the nghts issue which we raised about Rs. 200 Crores part nghts 
to see the maturity of Rs. 55 Crores of NCD which was supposed to mature by November 30, 
we have prepaid in the first week of November. So these are the key highlights of the Q2 as 
well as the way forward. 
With this 
I hand over to the convener. We are open to any questions or any clarifications 
which may come up. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Page 4 of 19

[kesoram 
Rajesh Ravi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Rajesh Ravi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Rajesh Ravi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Rajesh Ravi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Rajesh Ravi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Rajesh Ravi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
Thanks Sir. Sir, my question pertains to first of all on the capacity side in the rights document 
our capacity mentioned is about 10.8 million tons so can you let me know what exactly is the 
current capacity with the company? 
Our Basantnagar plant we have the ability to produce 1.75 million tons of cement per annum, 
as per the approval and 9 million tons in Sedam. 10.75 million tons is the capacity for which 
we have got approval to manufacture and produce combined to both the units. 
What is the operational capacity Sir this 1s also your operational capacity or this is on the max 
we are looking at? 
The way when I walk through you operationally if we have close to 100% blended cement 
we can touch this capacity and the fact it is more theoretical going towards 100% blended 
cement from where we are. We are currently at 50% OPC and 50% blended cement. 
You mentioned around 8.5 to 9 million tons so what is that? 
Practically given that 80, 70, 80 we can go to blended cement we can do 8.5 million to 9 
million tons without any bottlenecks in grinding or distribution or dispatches. 
Corresponding clinker capacities how are they placed Sir? 
Clinker capacity will be close to 6.25 million tons. 
For the current quarter what would be our clinker production in Q2 and H1? 
I can give you, one can always backwards the average ratio is about 1.4 so 
if you look 
standalone it may go even up to 1.6 clinker to blended cement conversion ratio. Our split of 
3.47 between blended cements and clinker is about 1.7 each right. 1.7 that will probably will 
give you the clinker that you backup at the rate of 1.4 that will give the clinker production. 
Perfect, 
Sir. Lastly on the balance sheet front what would be our current average cost of 
borrowing? 
20.75% is the rate at which we replaced, borrowed this from the various private institutions 
for settling with bank. Though the cash flow could be lower that is the coupon could be 9%, 
stepped up coupon, the charge to P&L will be at the rate of 20.75%. So that is where our 
focus was when we have caught up with lack of liquidity and our inability to operate the 
business at optional level, we wanted a solution fast, as solution was getting delayed because 
of COVID etc., we thought every month we lose about Rs. 30 
- Rs 40 Crores of EBITDA 
earning ability, the more we delay it, so it should settle the banks and go for this. And our 
Page 5 of 19

[kesoram 
Rajesh Ravi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Moderator: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
intention is very clear that this cannot mun at full course. The tenure of this paper is five years. 
Our plan initially when we took was within anywhere between 20 to close to 24 months, that 
is what we should be paying is in full. Now as we speak, itis in public domain our Board has 
approved to raise funds to replace this. So we once got in-principal approval so it is a good 
probability we should be doing before 24 months our endeavor will be towards that. 
Over next two years the refinance component will come at a much lower cost and that will 
improve your profitability. 
Absolutely nght. So last March 15 is what we raise this, so by next coming March we will 
be one year past that and your predominant portion of the nghts issue will go towards 
reducing this debt. So we will be left with about Rs. 1600 Crores of debt. Our endeavor will 
be to reduce this debt and replace with a lower interest bearing during this next financial year. 
That is all. 
I will come back in queue. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 
Good afternoon. Sir. Radhakrishnan Sir your voice is very low. 
I think either you are not 
close to the mike or there is some disturbance in your mike though we have heard you. 
Is it now better? 
Somewhat better Sir, somewhat better than what it was. Sir I will begin with thanking you 
for organizing this concall 
it is a welcome step and we hope that every quarter this will 
continue. Secondly, we also want to thank you for giving me this opportunity to talk to you. 
My first question is regarding the debt that I think we borrowed, please confirm me, the debt 
we borrowed approximately Rs.1600 Crores through this bond issues optionally convertible 
and nonconvertible debenture, is it correct Sir? As on September 30, 2021, the net figures as 
have shown in the balance sheet are non-current at Rs.1434 crores and current at Rs. 572 
crores, so ] would like to have some details on this that would be my first question. Second 
question is regarding quarter two, the EBITDA per ton what is our quarter two EBITDA per 
ton, third question is regarding sale of volume is 3.48 tons, approximately in H2, so what is 
the portion of clinker and cement, if at all we have sold any clinker so that also 
I want to 
know Sir then I also want to know from you Sir the strength and weakness of the Telangana 
plant? We were given to understand that Telangana plant was closed for number of years, if 
it has restarted then how and what arrangements have been made and whether it is cost 
effective 
or efficient enough then one more comparison 
I wanted 
as to raw material 
efficiencies of our company as to coal or blend of petcoke and consumption you have just 
Page 6 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
mentioned that you are a very efficient, electricity consuming plant so we were very happy 
to energy efficient plant, we were very happy to listen to it but with the best of the industry 
if you can kindly compare us so that we can make our own estimates about the efficiency of 
our own investment here? So these are my initial questions Sir then during the course of your 
answer if I would generate some more question, 
I will jot down, thank you very much Sir 
please reply. 
Thank you for putting these questions. To start with, there are two legs to this borrowing, one 
is NCD where the face value of about Rs.1603 Crores and other is OCD about Rs. 460 Crores. 
So these are the two components of our borrowing. So the OCD in the normal course matures 
by August of next financial year. So, by August next financial year the 460 Crores of OCD 
will be paid. Our endeavor is to pay a substantial portion and full portion of the OCD before 
maturity, that where a major portion of our right issue will be applied, so that is one. And you 
asked about the current liabilities. Anything which are due within one year the classification 
will be there. So 
I need to check but probably it is due within one year portion, the OCD 
forms the largest chunk for that current liability. So that answers your second leg of the 
question. Then did we sell any clinker during this second quarter or H1? We have not sold 
any clinkers. To my knowledge probably maximum about one rake it is not more, about 2700 
tons of clinker plus or minus is what we would have sold like Q4 of last year we did sell 
substantial clinker close to 28000 
to 30000 tons of clinkers whereas there 
is no such 
significant sale of clinker at all during this Hl. Then our strengths and weaknesses at our 
Telangana plant? One is, Telangana Plant as we said it is relatively older plant that it is still 
very good. It is hardly 50 kilometers to 70 kilometers away from Ramagundam, so closer to 
source of coal, closer to source of fly ash and therefore the cost of energy, that is the number 
of units consumed to produce one ton of cement could be slightly higher because of the plant 
age, which could be around the plant about 70 units per ton, close to as what we produce 
there, whereas in our Sedam plant which we were numerous of for energy efficiency and for 
mines, we produce clinker at about 51 units per ton and that will give an idea. A very few in 
the industry produced clinker at about 51 units, that gives an idea where we are and that is 
how we have received numerous awards of being efficient by various bodies including CII. 
So Telangana already we have very good plant. The Telangana plant was never closed. We 
have been operating somewhere around 70000 to 80000 tons per month and that time it used 
to touch 
| lakh tons per month production and sales from there. Now what we have done is 
consistently we are doing about 1.30 lakh to 1.40 lakh tons and we have demonstrated even 
we can come close to 1.5 lakh tons six months and there. We do 100% blended cement there 
and it is a profitable and geographically very well located and it is a good plant for us so far 
as Telangana plant is concerned. 
Sholapur our packing plant was shut for some time for 
various reasons, then we started this packing plant after hiatus of five and odd years and itis 
operational now. Probably 
it 
got mixed 
up between the Sholapur packing 
plant and 
Basantnagar. So far as raw material efficiency, 
I think there we have got captive mine, 
Page 7 of 19

[kesoram 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
therefore mining is in-house and relatively the largest plant the Sedam as we all know it is 
one of the best limestone reserves in the country, therefore the overburden is not much, the 
limestone is tight on the surface. Therefore we are blessed in a way that it is naturally cost 
efficient. And the coal linkages as I 
said to you we are closer to Ramagundam, Singareni, 
etc., we have got our own rakes and we move between Basantnagar to Sedam, connectivity 
is safe, therefore that makes us more efficient and that is one of the reasons for us though our 
Sedam plant out of four Kiln two to three Kilns are capable of operating on petcoke unless 
the differential between petcoke and indigenous coal is wide, it is not attractive for us go to 
petcoke. Yes, on the imported coal side as everybody has affected we were affected and we 
have to resort to imported coal for some period in the month of October as indigenous coal 
was not available for most of the manufacturers. Barring that a very exceptional spike I do 
not think we have got the problems, of course the moment we say we are in a comfortable 
position, we start improving the way, we look at it there is always scope for improving and 
we will continue to improve. 
Thank you very much, very happy to know this now regarding EBITDA per ton during the 
second quarter? 
Yes, EBITDA per ton is close to Rs.800 per ton. First quarter was Rs.1000 per ton EBITDA. 
So EBITDA means actually before interest I wanted to know before interest from see we are 
making only Rs.40 per bag whereas the industry averages is from Rs.1200 to. Rs.1600 per 
ton? 
This is a fair point. While we are energy efficient etc. we are still if you look at whomsoever 
you compare the benchmark 1200 to 1600, where the sale of blended will be higher. So as 
we progress one of the components for us to look for is more of blended cement that will be 
the accent for the company too. We still have 50, 50 say 51 % OPC as an organization. 
Therefore moving more towards blended cements, will definitely bring our EBITDA per ton 
naturally up and we are looking at alternative AFR like municipal waste etc. power and fuel 
too and third aspect which we have to look because it is important for us to look where we 
need to improve, we on an average we sell at a radius of 407 to 410 kilometers, can it bring 
down to 350, 380, this too will augur. These are the factors which as an organizations we are 
working for. 
Thank you Sir, actually I wanted to know the radius also of the average radius your sales of 
kilometers that in how much kilometer area we are selling so reducing this will also help us 
and Sir what is the logic of having a packing plant in Solapur means either it is a loose sales 
cement is the idea or what is the idea of having a packing plant in this, many people put a 
Page 8 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
grinding plant so that they can meet fly ash available from that source. So 
I mean packing 
plant does it add value or it increase as cost I] want to understand? Thank you Sir. 
Itis an important question. Most of the industries do newer packing plants too. What happens 
is in the mother plant, it improves your TAT. Let us say we are being at close to 7 million 
tons even and in the earlier question I answered, the question was whether we can move from 
7 million, yes we can move from 7 million. To increase your TAT, it takes 3.5 minutes to 4 
minutes to fill a bulker. Imagine a fast bag, what will be the time and difference so it improves 
the TAT. When you do more of bulk movement at the same time if you want to foray into 
blended cement we need to pack and give, versus rebound ng predominantly, therefore from 
the mother plant we quickly moved to cement and pack it elsewhere. That will ensure the 
dispatch is faster and our manufacturing assets gets efficiently used, that is one part of 
positive. The second is, there is a psyche that okay when it comes from packing plant it is as 
it is fresh, and immediate and Sholapur it operates such a natural storage house too for us. 
We can push the cement from our mother plant to Sholapur and then pack it and sell as well 
as sell it divert the bulker when you get an order. Let us say you don’t have an order let us 
say we move to Sholapur and store it and in mid-way if you are getting bulk order you can 
well use Sholapur, these are the advantages. 
Got it Sir thank you very much I got clear Sir. Now coming to finally matching power plant 
I mean do we buy power from outside sources or we produce enough in-house at both of our 
plant power? 
For us in Sedam as well as in Basantnagar we do not take any grid power. Probably in our 
Basantnagar plant to satisfy the minimum procurement augur power connection from few 
units we have got to draw minimum from the grid to that extent we draw in Basantnagar but 
what as from Sedam, we do not draw anything from the state power unit and our sufficient 
power plant capacity even if we are going to add 
| million or 2 million kilns in Sedam, the 
power plant can even cater to one more Kiln. There are 4 lalns are there. 
Sir are we selling some surplus power to someone else or we will bringing it to the grid to be 
taken by our Telangana plant that way also we are doing sometime? 
Yes what we do is time to time when there is a window, we sell to IEX. As you rightly pointed 
out there is a long-term contract with someone which will be steady but presently we sell 
through IEX, then we are exploring if anybody wants power on long-term we will tie up back 
to it. 
Page 9 of 19

[kesoram 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
One sir futuristic question 
I mean in the sense that sir when you have tied up and you are 
allocated certain coal mines to be given the prices are being varied by Coal India Limited for 
such buying every month sometime reduced sometime raised, am I nght sir grow the prices? 
Yes, there is a linkage agreement to take coal and the prices are determined by the market 
currently on a monthly basis. 
So now Sir are you planning to take some coal mine for your company because government 
of India is now leasing coal mines also for your captive convention and to be export and for 
resale so is there any such idea Sir? 
Perhaps the priority is first scaling up cement. Of course we are less than close to Coal India 
subsidiary, Singareni which is 50 kilometers away from our Basantnagar plant and we have 
got our own rakes, therefore our priority, no doubt itis a good idea what you suggested, but 
when we prioritize it goes a bit down the order, first is to reduce the cost of borrowing and 
then second is to set the clinker capacity optimally and debottleneck, third is waste heat 
recovery system, next comes others. 
So waste heat recovery is not fully deployed usually yours is the latest plant in Basantnagar 
so waste heat recovery is much be bring fully utilized by now? 
We can. We are energy efficient. We have been constantly upgrading our plants and for that 
is the reason we are at 51 units per ton of clinker produced. Waste heat recovery system will 
further bring in efficiency so that is priority presently we do not have waste heat recovery 
plant. 
I think some solar installations are being made there or that also will be thought of little later? 
Solar, that we are examining and we will do probably at an industrial scale as we will do as 
we achieve progress. 
Sir one more question during the six-month operation should we not generate some funds to 
be returned for debenture, in the sense depreciation part that we have provided for is noncash 
expense so say 100 Crores or something we could not generate all six months to repay some 
of the debenture? 
Yes, you are absolutely nght, to put it on the perspective we have generated 339 Crores of 
cash. so first is we were suffering in the business with the inability to scale up the quarter’s 
working capital, our working capital was stretched, so it is important to achieve efficiency 
and some adequate amount of working capital into the business, that was our priority. Second, 
Page 10 of 19

[kesoram 
Moderator: 
Veeraiah Bandlamudi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
to augment and bring in efficiency, we went for a rights issue and we have prepaid 55 Crores 
of debentures. Third we do not have a working capital lines. There are no banks for us. 
Presently these investors have put in through NCD and OCD are the only debt we have got. 
When we do not have a working capital lines to fall back upon, it is important that business 
does not suffer for want of working capital. Though in the near-term it could be inefficient 
we sit on cash somewhere around close to 70 Crores to 100 Crores this point in time that is 
where we are. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Veeraiah Bandlamudi, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for organizing the investor meet and also explaining all the questions in detail. I have 
two questions. The first question is related to the final call payment that is being asked before 
January first week and looking at various other rights issues that I think any of them have got 
sufficient time to pay the second and third calls and all that we are the investors are feeling 
that this is very ad hoc and they were expecting at least six month time to make the final call 
and if possible and if you do not have working capital requirement is it possible to delay the 
final call by one or two months is the one question I have? Second question is now we are 
saying Kesoram is a fully pure cement player and we are also suffering from the high cost 
debt for a very long time for the last ten years, is it possible to monetize our noncore assets 
and as we know there are many noncore assets in Kesoram starting from cygnet, spun pipe 
divisions, heavy chemical lands and some percentage in KesoramTextile and there is lot of 
real estate assets so many things are there in Kesoram without diluting the stake and can we 
monetize these assets and reduce that the debt and we go for expansion of cement plant in 
future this is my second question? 
Mr. Bandlamudi thank you for raising these points. First to answer your first and final call 
why the timing is faster, Board deliberated this and decided on this to call now in which the 
entire process will take somewhere between third week of December to January fourth is 
what the window will tentatively considering various formalities to be completed before 
opening up for subscription. We in our opinion feel, faster we do this first and final call, it 
increases our chances of reducing the interest costs in a quick fashion because the moment 
we complete this, this is one of the critical factors which we get into the rating upgrades to 
definitely whichever rating agency rates us will factor this, plus this gives us the impetus to 
go for retiring the existing debt and going for lower cost debt, and ultimately it is value 
accretive for shareholders when we do this early. The second prong of your question is if we 
are become a cement play, even before a cement play we were incurring lot of interest cost. 
True, this is history and this is factual, we were incurring lot of interest cost and there was 
debt, that is the reason we segregated the businesses into different entities like tyre business 
went into different entity, our rayon and transparent paper went to a different entity to be a 
Page 11 of 19

[kesoram 
Veeraiah Bandlamudi: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Kumar: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Ashish Kumar: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
subsidiary and Kesoram is first time pure cement player now. The noncore assets you touched 
upon, yes there are noncore assets which we have mentioned, we 
are bringing 
as an 
organization are evaluating this and definitely shed any noncore assets, wherever it is feasible 
to shift to reduce the debt while we are trying to replace and reduce the cost of interest, our 
energy is first invested into this than shedding the noncore assets. 
Sir one more question related to the interest cost for Q3 will it be in the same lines as QI and 
Q2, is it the finance cost is too closed and it is disappointing the investors every time we see 
the finance cost? 
We understand, that is the reason we are initiating the entire final call and whatever it takes 
to do, let us to do in our balance sheet and P&L and go back to low-cost loans that is the main 
reason which we are initiating it. Yes, 
I have answered probably in the earlier question too, 
the coupon could be 9% to 13%, cash outflow could be lower, and the 20.75% is the rate, so 
the charge 
to the P&L will be 
at 20.75%. 
If by the blessings and support of various 
stakeholders we are able to generate a good EBITDA surpassing the interest cost, we will 
continue to do that, but to answer you yes it will be elevated and till we will refinance. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kumar from Infinity Alternatives. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir one question which I had was that the interest cost for Q2 is slightly more than the interest 
cost for QI so did we take any additional loans or what was while that marginal increase from 
Rs.117 to 122 Crores. 
We have not taken any additional loans at all between QI and Q2. There will be a fair value, 
while itis more of an accounting treatment, which creates with charge of interest. So the cash 
we are comfortable but we need to look at quickly bringing down this charge of interest to 
P&L that is the whole crux. 
Like Mr. Bandlamudi asked there are several investors asked 
what the haste is? We want to show the urgency to bring this charge down. So the first 
objective was passing of the business and generating EBITDA we are working at whatever 
cost, itis important to do that. That is where we are or else, if we do not do it at the right time 
we lose customers, we lose network, and we lose efficiency in the business. That is what we 
have done first and then the second round with an urgency we will bring. 
No, absolutely so 
I think you have done a phenomenal job and the question is how much 
more working capital do we need because our payable still seem to be high at around 500 
Crores of trade payables so how much working capital more do you need before we can start 
using all the cash flows for repayment of high-cost debt? 
Page 12 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Ashish Kumar: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Ashish Kumar: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
The way we are operating today is our working capital was extremely stretched, which were 
unsustainable prior to this exercise of bringing in the investors and augmenting the working 
capital. Today are we positive in working capital? No, still we are negative working capital. 
Is it a healthy negative? It is neither healthy negative nor unhealthy negative. It is reasonably 
sustainable negative. Can it be better? Yes it can be better. How much it can be better? Maybe 
another 100 Crores it can be better, but we want to maintain the stretched and feel the pain a 
bit without affecting the business efficiency until we get this cost of borrowing come down, 
that is why we have asked this. 
Sir last question is that we have approved this board resolution for raising 2500 Crores and I 
know that is an enabling resolution but in your view how much was that would be pure debt 
and how much of that would be equity just to kind of give you what is your base can plan 
would be and then it is a very early but let us get your thought? 
It will be far too early for me to say how much will be debt, how much will be equity. The 
more the equity it is better always, noninterest bearing is better, that is the fundamental, right, 
but if you look at just for a pure theoretical thing rather than paying 20.75% on 2000 Crores 
to pay about 10% to 11% on 2000 Crores, straightaway itis EPS accretive that is the way we 
look at it. So what it takes to deliver this fast, we will look at even it is a substantial portion 
of debt, it is still EPS accretive for investors. 
No obviously 2000 Crores will come down by roughly 300Crores, 400 Crores because of the 
rights issue, which ways so you are talking about 1600 Crores of debt, do you think that it is 
possible that given the fact that now you are running at a run rate EBITDA of let us say 
between 650 Crores and 700 Crores if I were to look at 2, 2.5 times debt to EBITDA then 
that entire 1600 Crores can come from debt. 
I am just trying to understand whole 
there is, 
yes itis important to bring down the costs but I am also trying to understand what will be the 
rate dilution that we might see because of this the balance sheet clean up? 
The way we are looking as somewhere close to 3 and below we should bring the EBITDA 
earning to debt, that will be a comfortable parameter. Of course, somewhere it is close to 
lesser than 2.5 could be ideal but to start with at least we are not sure that 3 is what we should 
bring at. And there is scope for taking severe move the benchmark from 400 to upwards now 
and hopefully we have sustained this for two quarters. There could be up and down blips but 
we hope this to sustain not only sustain we feel there is a tremendous scope for moving this 
up, what it takes to move this up we will do that is the one way of handling this. The asset 
part is sweat in most efficient manner. We feel there is lot of room for it that. That will 
probably one way to bring down this ratio further and depending on the time which we paid 
that will be associated cost in prepayment the way we look at it is even if there is an associated 
Page 13 of 19

[kesoram 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
cost of prepayment, sooner you release the high interest-bearing loans it is better for the PRL 
in the overall balance sheet. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. 
Sir firstly about this equity dilution part, we have been 
constantly diluting equity and the promoters have been committed money now even the non- 
promoters have participated we would like to understand what is now the thought process of 
upto what degree of further dilution will or may happen because now the prices are trading 
at around Rs.50 or Rs.55 per share so and even at these levels were is the interest in the market 
wherein you would be able to get sizable amount of money through equity dilution and Sir if 
you could give us the EBITDA per ton number I missed if you could repeat it and then I will 
put another two questions. 
So the EBITDA per ton in the first quarter was Rs.1000. The EBITDA per ton in the second 
quarter was close to Rs.800 per ton that is where we are and our endeavor is to maintain the 
EBITDA per ton closer to Rs.1000 per ton will be our endeavor that answers the last question. 
The first question is very important. See, the share prices are a function of your performance 
the way I look at there could be, you are all investors you could know much better and how 
it moves, that the way I look at asa Whole Time Director and CEO of this organization is our 
job is to perform, market and prices will take care the moment we perform. What has been 
legacy, which is overhang a bit, Kesoram went through its metamorphism and it has never 
been a pure cement player for the first time so one needs to look Kesoram through a different 
lens the way it is going to operate and the best way to answer this is to demonstrate through 
the numbers. This is what we are trying to do. The moment the demonstration will come 
consistently, the markets will reward. That is the way we look at I trust you that answers your 
questions largely so whatever is efficient for us to raise as an answer even if say it is a bit 
about close to 2000 Crores that are 10% to 11% it is 200 Crores with the EBITDA earnings 
generation of close to 600 Crores it is absolutely value accretive. What it takes us to do that 
we should do that of course; first question is that and one can always try to increase the 
efficiency further to be at the end of the day it should be whatever actions we take at approved 
or such operating times it should be value accretive to the shareholders that is what we will 
do. 
Sir if you could explain to us the reason for the OPC and the PPC mix why is it skewed at 
50/50 there were even other players are able to create so much of money in the cement 
segment by going through this blended part even higher end, is this the markets where we are 
catering to that except more of OPC 
or is it other way around and how are you going to change 
Page 14 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Saket Kapoor: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
this going forward, newer markets you would making enrolled into the new markets and also 
about what is the trade and the nontrade mix Sir if you could give that data on that? 
Thank you for this very important question. It needs to be explained in the nght perspective. 
The moment I say look 
I cater to this market this is what the mix 
I can do then we as an 
organization resign to that we cannot improve. Whichever market we operate, our endeavor 
would be to reach a highest level of blended cement. I do not want to say largely 60%, 70%, 
80%. We have demonstrated already the numbers. Rather than saying a lofty number now it 
is better to deliver and then speak in the subsequent calls which is what I feel. There is a latent 
demand from nontrade parties 
for 
all cement while trade and nontrade 
are both 
are 
performing. As you know nontrade, 
is traditionally more of a blended cement but we are 
making efforts to conserve nontrade into some OPC to blended cement too. We are foraying 
into blended cement markets, 
it is a traditionally blended cement markets more and again 
launch of our new product and one more blended cement. This blended cement is good for 
the economy, good for the building and good for the overall conserving of the natural minerals 
too, so we strongly believe to execute and what it takes us to achieve we have to definitely 
achieve greater ratio of blended cement. And here what is the nontrade and trade percentage? 
Typically it mirrors the OPC blended cement ratio, which is the way itis. Yes we have grown 
and if you look at it we have grown in both segments, trade we have grown by 28% and 
nontrade we have grown with higher 93%, so overall if you look at the ratio because of the 
base effect, the ratio maybe static 44, 50 or 56 or 50/50 that is the way so give you a 
perspective that from 
| million tons about close to 1.5 million tons and all we moved on the 
blended cement so that is a demonstration of the numbers of our effort to move towards 
blended cement. 
Sir I missed your last part come again sir you were I think so away from the mike? 
From a corresponding H1 comparison, about 
| million tons of blended cement we sold last 
year H1 we increased to close to 1.7 million tons of blended cement space so that will give 
you the efforts which the organization has taken to move towards more towards blended 
cement overall our volume itself was smooth from 2.2 to 3.4 it therefore if you look at the 
ratios we look static but 
if you look at the number of tonnage we have sold we 
are 
substantially high. 
With your permission just a small point Sir. Sir firstly what sense does it make for us going 
forward, 
to induct a strategic partner in the existing cement play so that we could take 
advantage of this technical upfront in the economy and get our balance sheet prepared at the 
optimum time otherwise this small packets of infusion of funds are my understanding is are 
not able to bridge this chain of profits or lower profit so how much all are open with the 
management for a strategic decision if they were taking a strategic partner so there are players 
Page 15 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Saket Kapoor: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Saket Kapoor: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Moderator: 
Harsh Mittal: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
Sir who are coming up with new cement capacity and also interested in taking over small 
cement if] may use the term for 9.5 or 8.5 million tons since they are eyeing for 120 and 130 
in a decade’s time so how open is the management taking into account these factors which 
are prevailing and also Sir what is the hierarchy of work in our organization how does it play 
who reports where and if you could give us some color you are the WTD and how does 
decision making goes through and if you could give some more color on the cement if there 
were a talk about Rs.40 per bag or Rs.40 EBITDA which you have mentioned so 
I was just 
confused with it what was that Rs.40 number pertaining to. 
I do not know what is Rs.40 number? 
I have always about Rs.1000 and Rs.800 per ton of 
cement. 
That point corrected and other point if you could clarify and 
I will get back in the queue 
thanks and 
I hope sir there was a continuity of a call even post the numbers and it is not 
pertaining to this fund raising only. 
I would suggest you to complete all your questions. 
I am done Sir and J have taken my time Sir now please answer it if there is something left I 
will definitely join post you answer Sir. 
Yes, most welcome to raise more questions which you have. Our intension is very clear. We 
with Birla Shakti Cement our premium brand, our brand is positioned at the A category at the 
highest end. In my opinion there is no reason for us to require a strategic partner and dilute 
our brand position in the marketplace, first. We should spent time to infuse largely into the 
balance sheet, first is to reduce cost and move forward and go to a position of looking at 
acquiring more brand that is the position we should take into rather than we being looking to 
get acquired by some other 100 million ton or 110 million ton. 
I do not look at we should 
function that way as an organization and being part of the Board. And the way the decisions 
are taken is 1 am the Whole Time Director and CEO of the organization, 
I run the operations 
and the business and part of the Board whereas an operating team and the Board takes the 
decisions like any other companies that is the way it functions. This is the second question. I 
trust I have answered both the pertinent points which Mr. Kapoor had raised. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Mittal from Systematix Shares & 
Stocks. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for taking my question. Initially during the call you mentioned about your 
geographical mix that your key operating markets of Maharashtra, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Goa, 
Karnataka so can you please enumerate give the percentage breakup of all the markets Sir? 
Page 16 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Harsh Mittal: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Harsh Mittal: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Harsh Mittal: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Harsh Mittal: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Harsh Mittal: 
Moderator: 
SanjeevDamani: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
I can give you a broad outlook of what is the volume you can say without taking into too 
specific. The key markets are Maharashtra, Telangana, Kamataka which is proximate to our 
manufacturing units, obviously closer to sell the better it is for us. The volumes are spread 
across the 3.47 million tons of volumes are get likewise close to roughly very quickly putting 
a percentage about maybe to 40% of it is produced in Maharashtra and another 25% could be 
in Telangana, Telangana is the second and third will be Karnataka to give you the broad 
volume of these. 
No, Karnataka is 18% to 22% what you are trying to say? 
Karnataka is the third is picking order if we look at it. 
Got your point Sir. Thank you and Sir I just missed one point initially you do the call what is 
the current cost of borrowing I had missed that point? 
20.75% as I said this is the current cost of borrowing. 
10.75%. 
20.75%. 
What are we aiming for next two years or at what level do we aim to bring that to 20.75% to 
what is the level? 
10 to 11% in next, 
I said we initially plan to bring it down this debt prepay this debt by 24 
months for initial plan. Now we have passed this, there are few investors who raised this 
question, what is the urgency to collect the balance nghts money and then that this is one of 
the reasons to collect balance rights money as well as this will facilitate us to get ourselves 
re-rated and prioritize this towards reducing this current cost of loan at a faster rate probably 
here we have done 24 months. 
Got your point Sir. Thank you Sir. That is all from me. 
Thank you. The next question is a follow up question from the line of Sanjeev Damani from 
SKD Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Sir kindly correct me in the initial stages of resolution plan there was some mention of about 
approximately Rs.500 Crores from bankers to be made deferred at 0.01% so that is also shown 
in the balance sheet? 
Page 17 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
Yes, so what we have shown as OCRPS. This is the normal course, if there we have to pay it 
1s a zero coupon it starts from FY28 to FY32. 
So it is a noncurrent liability which shown us in the balance sheet. 
Right and if you go by present volume it will be very lower in fact. 
We have repaid somewhat out of Rs 500 crs we have repaid some money 
Yes, repaid 55 Crores of debentures which are 20.75% rate. 
But this amount I mean I was not be able to identify this amount in the balance sheet so I just 
ask it is a part of? 
All the money we get this in the month of November. 
Again you have issued this 500 Crores worth of deferred payment Sir we are still to pay to 
the bankers Rs.500 Crores or not at zero point no kindly clarify any? 
What we have done is 80%, just to give you a perspective we did a settlement to the bank 
82% of their loan outstanding is what we paid fully we gave, 10% equity. 
100 Crores worth of equity what you said. 
Equity valuation as per SEBI valuation it was about Rs.65 or somewhat. Then the balance 
15% to 16% is what given by way of OCRPS — optionally convertible redeemable preference 
share which carried zero coupon, no coupon on that to be repaid in FY28 to FY32 in five 
equal installment. 
And sir next question is regarding our current position in October November one is regarding 
the sales price is the sales price is higher than September in these months October and 
November cement sales prices? 
Yes, October and the September exit price it is higher, that as I have explained October we 
are a onetime spike in fuel cost. To answer that in the nght perspective were we able to cover 
the entire fuel cost hike, with that increase in sales price? No, we were unable to pull it at 
least Rs.5 to Rs.6 per ton covered as this fuel cost it is a onetime November it has the spike 
has come of that is what it is. 
So cost now my second question was regarding cost of raw material also must have gone 
down from October and November means, coal prices? 
Page 18 of 19

[kesoram 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
SanjeevDamani: 
Moderator: 
Bhoomika Nair: 
P Radhakrishnan: 
Moderator: 
Kesoram Industries Limited 
November 22, 2021 
Yes, so between October and November yes the manufacturing cost 
/ variable cost would 
have come down. 
Has come down and sales prices have on an average from September last quarter on an 
average they must be somewhat better, as you said it is better by Rs.5 to Rs.6 or even more 
Sir. 
Around that range. 
Because we heard in that newspaper that certain prices range by Rs.40 per bag so I mean we 
thought that October, November will be far better. 
Increase happens from this, comes off, so it was fluctuating so on an average it is close to 
Rs.40. 
Sir how is the demand scenario from October onwards the demand scenario? 
Demand is good. The only thing the climate vagaries are there like some market is a big 
market, the demand is good. 
Okay but because of heavy rains and all other things are there so the demand is good and our 
production is also higher as compared to last quarter in this quarter in the present two months? 
We will continue to sustain the elevated level of production and sales. 
We may not grow in this quarter at least. 
Fingers crossed. We want to grow in every quarter. 
Thank you very much Sir. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair for closing comments. 
Thank you everyone for attending the call and especially the management for giving us an 
opportunity. Thank you so much and wish you all the very best Sir. 
Thank you very much Bhoomika and thank you all the investors for their time. Thank you. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 19 of 19
