November 22, 2021 
To, 
CD 
Kiri Industries Limited 
~{i:ft~ 
C'~ 
..... 
To, 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, Rotunda Building, 
B.S. Marg, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q2-FY22 Earnings Conference call 
In compliance with regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of Q2-
FY22 Earnings Conference Call held on November 15, 2021. 
The Transcript of Q2-FY22 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of the 
Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
DYES 
INTERMEDIATES 
CHEMICALS 
Plot No : 29911IA& B. Phase-II. Nr. WatefTank,GIOC, Valva, 
Ahmedabad -382 445, Gujarot, India. 
Plot No : 396139914031404. fPC Canal Road. ViUII{I8 : Dudhwada. 
Tal. : Padra, Disl. : \Iadodara· 391450. Gujaral, India 
Plot No : 552-A. 566, 561. 569-11. ViUag.e : Dudhwada, Tal. : Padra, 
Dlst. : \Iadodal'8- 391 450 Gulal'll! , India. 
Phon. ; +9 1-19-25694477 
Phon. : +91-2662 -273 444 
Phone: +91-2662-213724. 25 
Fax:-+91·79-25634960 
Fax: +91-2662-273444 
Fu; +91-2662-273726 
Em.11 : eogage@kiriindus\rles.com 
Web : _.kl~indu$Irie$ .com 
ernall ; inlermediateS@kIrilndusllles.com 
Web: www.k1rilndtJslrles.com 
Emili : Inlelmedlates@kJrilndUStriel.com 
Web : WWW.kII1lndu1j\r\eu:om 
REGISTERED OFACE: 7th Floor, Hasubhai Chamber, Opp. Town Hall, Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad - 380 006. Gujarat Ondia}. Phone + 91-79-26574371-72-73 Fax : + 91-79-26574374 
CINNo.:L24231GJ1998PLC034094 

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Kiri Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
November 15, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of Kiri 
Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everybody and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Kiri Industries Limited. On behalf 
of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s Earnings 
Conference Call for the second quarter of financial year of 2022. Before we begin, I would like 
to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today’s Earnings 
Concall maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks 
and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information 
currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
 
The purpose of today’s earnings concall is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review. Let me now introduce 
you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call. We have with us Mr. 
Manish Kiri – Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani – Senior Manager (Accounts and Finance) 
and Mr. Suresh Gondalia – Company Secretary. Without any further delay, I request Mr. Manish 
Kiri to give opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Good afternoon everybody. It is a pleasure to welcome you to the earnings conference call for 
the second quarter of financial year 2022. Kiri standalone revenue during Q2-FY22 were 263 
crore which was 137% higher on year-on-year basis and 32% on quarter-on-quarter basis. There 
has been a reduction in a loss for Q2 FY22 which was reported at INR 7.4 crore against INR 9.61 
crore in Q1 FY22. On a half yearly basis the standalone revenue were INR 463 crore. H1 -FY22 
which increased by 158% year-on-year. The EBITDA for H1- FY22 was negative INR 3.7 crores 
compared to negative INR 41.1 crore in H1- FY21 last year. Similarly, the net loss has reduced 
significantly. For the half year net loss was INR 17 crore compared to INR 62 crore for 

Page 2 of 17 
 
 
the same period last year. The rise in crude oil prices during Q2-FY22 resulted in an increasing 
raw material cost which impacted the companies material margins. As the cost increase could 
not be immediately passed on to the customers. The increase in coal and lignite prices have 
impacted power and fuel cost. Secondly crude oil prices have increased freight for 
transportation of goods and overall international freights have increased significantly. Legal 
and professional fees for litigation against DyStar in Singapore Court which are non-recurring 
and exceptional in nature are included in the operational expenses impacting the company’s 
EBITDA. Working capital cycle has been gradually strengthening and is expected to further 
improve in the coming quarters. Inventory turnover has decreased from 84 days to 36 days on 
year-on-year basis. 
 
Similarly trade receivables have decreased from 248 days to 107 days which is almost we have 
normalized numbers and receivables recovery has improved from 132 to 47 days on year-on- 
year basis. For Q2-FY22 consolidated revenue has significantly turn around the company 
achieved a consolidated turnover of 358 crores which was 105% higher on year-on-year basis 
and up by 22% on quarter-on-quarter basis. The EBITDA reported for the quarter was INR 28 
crore which increased by 21% quarter-on-quarter basis. The EBITDA margin for the quarter was 
7.8% and the net profit was INR 12.4 crore which is an increase of 82.4% quarter-on-quarter 
basis. 
 
On a half yearly basis total consolidated revenues for H1- FY22 amounts to INR 651 crore which 
is an increase of 29% year-on-year. The EBITDA stands at INR 48 crore compared to loss of INR 
56 crore for the same period last year and the net profit was INR 19 crore compared to a loss 
of INR 38 crore for the same period last year.Q2-FY22 experience volatility an increase in coal 
and crude oil prices which laid to sharp increase in raw material cost, power, fuel and logistic 
expenses. During the quarter there was a 4% increase in raw material consumption cost, 32% 
increase in power and fuel cost and 28% increase in logistics expenses for exports on quarter- 
on-quarter basis. In the backdrop of uncertain periods of COVID-19 during FY21 consolidated 
material margin got impacted during Q2-FY22 because of volatile markets leading to sharp 
increase in input cost which could not be passed on to the customers impacting material 
margins. The uncertainties in business environment because of COVID-19 pandemic are now a 
matter of past. 
 
Secondly the increase in input cost is now getting stabilized during Q3 FY22 which should be 
the enabling factor to attend momentum and growth in coming quarters for the current fiscal. 
Coming to Kiri’s minority operations so as you may already know by now that Singapore 
International and Commercial Court has awarded a final valuation of $481.6 million, for Kiri 
37.57% stake in DyStar. Both Kiri and Senda have filed appeal against SICC order date 21 
December 2020 and 21 June 2021 with court of appeal in Supreme Court of Singapore and Kir 
has also filed a appeal against SICC order dated 17 March2021 and the Supreme Court shall 
hear all appeals on any of the days between 24 to 28 January 2022. In another case against 
DyStar SICC has delivered judgment on 24th September 2021 on Kiri counterclaims against 
DyStar SICC 

Page 3 of 17 
 
 
7 2020 and has dismissed Kiri’s counterclaim and awarded volume cost of Singapore $1.137 
million to DyStar. The company has filed appeal with court of appeal against the said order and 
hearing dates are awaited. 
 
Lastly coming to future outlook as you maybe already aware that the Indian chemical sector is 
on the first of very high growth trajectory in the coming years. Exports of dyes and dyes 
intermediates increased by 41% and 16% respectively in April, September 2021 period mainly 
because of low base of exports in the same period last year. The exports from India are said to 
strengthening coming months because of ease of doing business, creation of plug and play, 
investment manufacturing environment across various industrial corridors and launch of 
production linked incentives schemes. Further reduction of custom duty will have sharp effect 
on shipping cost thereby giving much impetus to exports from India. Now, I would like to open 
the floor for question. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ashit Kothi an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Sir two things we said just wanted to understand one was we have share of profit of associates 
which we are showing in Quarter as 888 million and on half yearly basis we are showing as 1725 
million so that means 172 crore understood it rightly and whereas we are saying profit after 
tax of 192 million that means 19.2 crore, have I understood it rightly sir or it is a mistake from 
my side? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Just to clarify your understanding you are talking about the consolidated statements earnings 
of share of profit of associates which is INR 88.77 crores so your earning after tax would be INR 
101.16 crore. 
 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
So my end what I wanted to understand was this 88 crores from profit of associates which 
includes which all company or which all associates? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
There is only DyStar. 
 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
So 124 is only ours is this standalone part how do you take profit after 124 does that include 
any of DyStar? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
The profit after tax is INR 101.16 crore to be precise. At 101.16 out of that 88.77 crore is from 
DyStar and INR 12.38 crore plus 88.77 that amounts to total INR 101.16. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
So INR 12.38 crore is only Kiri’s profit right? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes INR 12.30 crore is Kiri consolidated profit Lonsen Kiri and other subsidiaries all put together. 
 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
This INR 88 crore is basically DyStar Singapore? 

Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes correct. 
 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Sir when are we moving away from commoditized product portfolio to a real value added 
because it has been quite a journey I mean after 2019 if I am not wrong? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yeah we are quite also keen to have the product mix of change or portfolio to be kicked in 
hopefully we should start seeing the numbers change due to the new product added in from 
this quarter. So, we hope that you will have a better change in this quarter and that is where 
we are moving in this quarter. So, as market improves you will see the changes in our product 
mix improvements. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Can you throw some light on those new product mix? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Mainly coming from the specialty intermediates. So, there are host of products which we 
started in phase 1 and those have started also moving in the market so that is where we will 
see the numbers coming. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
But this specialty intermediates would continue would be towards which industry specifically? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
There are three industries if you remember the earlier discussions so one is definitely dyes 
intermediate. So as a dye industry and second is performance chemical for performance 
industry and some part is also used in agro chemicals. So, it is three industries in which it would 
be serving. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Percentage wise would you be in a position to? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yeah around 50% to 60% would remain for dyes industry and I would say 40% would be other 
products on dyes industry. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Jajoo from Tycoon Mindset. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Vishal Jajoo: 
Sir I just want to know like how are our export market is performing because I guess most of 
the textile business are actually at least more than the pre COVID levels in their export market 
for textiles and as an our chemical part you know not like still back to pre COVID levels and 
even margins are impacted, so just want to get to know like how is the industry level going on 
in the export market for the dyes intermediates and also for the domestic market if you can 
just give a small idea on that? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
The export markets for dyes are coming back to almost pre COVID levels. There has been quite 
volatility on the price front. So, there were quite lot of fluctuations which we have seen on a 
price front and that is one of the factors could be affecting or postponing some of the demands 

Page 5 of 17 
 
 
which we could not see last quarter which will come in this quarter, but we see that the exports 
is on monthly basis is now starting to get regularize at a same level as pre COVID level. 
 
Vishal Jajoo: 
Are the margins coming back to the same level like what we have like on a standalone basis 
also pre COVID times I guess including those legal and although we are still about like around 
10% at OPM margins and currently our OPM margins on a standalone basis is still going 
negative, so just want to get to know whether the margins are still coming back to the pre 
COVID levels or still there is some lag? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
The sales would come back, but because of the increase in the raw material cost and all other 
cost which I just mentioned all of those cost increases could not passed on, we could not pass 
on to the customers and that was the reason that our margin still continue to remain on a lower 
side or neutral EBITDA side last quarter. So, this quarter we expect that the prices are increasing 
to a level that raw material increases are passed on and the profits are also maintained. So, 
hopefully from this quarter onwards we are expecting that the margins on the price increases 
would also be sufficient enough to maintain the profits because there has been price increases 
and those price increases have been absorbed by the cost increases. Again legal expenses are 
ongoing and legal expenses would continue at a same speed till January end because the final 
hearings are January end. So, we expect that the legal expenses would continue to incur. 
 
Vishal Jajoo: 
So sir though we do not have hedging policy for the raw materials? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Practically hedging is not possible in the raw material side because when the raw material 
prices increase most of the raw materials are supplied by one or two companies in India or 
from outside also. So where you have no choice but to pay the price increases the day it 
happens. So, when you buy from Reliance, you buy from GNFC, you buy from other companies. 
The moment the prices are increased even products like caustic soda ash you have to pay 
instantly the increase in raw material prices that long term orders or even existing orders have 
to be amended that is how the raw material markets operate and the basic chemical market 
operate. So, you can only use your low cost raw material to the extent you have stock, but 
otherwise you will have to pay the increase instantly the day it is implemented that is how it 
operates practically. 
 
Vishal Jajoo: 
So I guess it would take more two to three quarters for us to be back at least the pre COVID at 
OPM margins levels, sales might be there, but that must be because I guess the inflated prices 
which are going on, but margins will be back to pre COVID levels after two to three quarters or 
we are expecting some more delays? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
It will start coming to pre COVID level from this quarter because last quarter is a one in which 
all pass on of the cost is already happened. We could not make profit that is let me put it this 
way, but we could pass on whatever increases that have occurred in the last quarter, but this 

Page 6 of 17 
 
 
quarter because of the prices further increasing we would have profitability in addition to 
passing on the price increases which have already taken place. 
 
Vishal Jajoo: 
Sir just last one question sir actually we have our borrowings like almost at low borrowing levels 
and we have some other plans to divest in some other areas as well so apart from non dye 
segment which you said like you want to plan to invest in those segment in the previous call, 
so are we planning to take up the debt level because currently the interest rate are I guess also 
at the lower end, so are we planning to take up the debt level and start up with the new 
geographies as well and in the newer product stream as well so that we can have at least best 
results and after one to two years in other areas as well? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Not in this financial year. We would not borrow in this financial year we would first make 
business stabilized and we would first ensure that working capital margins all are on track. So, 
our efforts would be on business rather than incurring new investment and new CAPEX. As we 
mentioned earlier we will complete the second phase of specialty intermediates plans towards 
the end of the financial year which is just a pending implementation compared to a fresh 
investments which we are not going to do in this financial year. 
 
Vishal Jajoo: 
The expansion would be only basis of the DyStar funds right? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
That would happen in the year 2022-2023, but we may borrow, it is not like we would never 
borrow in life, that opportunity arises when we see good projects to ensure that we have 
adequate return on equity in 2022-2023, we will see what is the best mix of equity and debt 
and we will borrow in years to come. 
 
Vishal Jajoo: 
Sir do inorganic expansion or acquisition makes sense in this industry because I do not know 
much about the industry on the intermediate side, so just want to know does the inorganic 
acquisitions makes sense? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
It would make sense if valuations are right and if proper size companies are available. So, there 
would be some opportunities which may grow up in global market if not in India, but there is 
nothing, there is no target currently in radar. There are no decisions on that front and we have 
not been approached by any companies offering their companies to us so nothing like that as 
on today on the table. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
VP Rajesh: 
Just first question did we expand on the legal expenses in the current quarter for the 6 months 
regarding the DyStar litigation? 

Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
See our run rate per quarter ranges from 5 to 6 crores to 9 crores. Now the last quarter one is 
a legal fees and second is legal expenses because both incur. So, when you put together in last 
quarter it was little bit more than INR 7 crores. 
 
VP Rajesh: 
And for the 6 months? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
For the 6 months must be more than INR 15 crore. 
 
 
VP Rajesh: 
My second question is that you talked about your EBITDA improving from the current quarter 
so what should be the expectations are we think about back to low-teens kind of multiple or it 
would be a gradual move up in this quarter and the next 12, 13% EBITDA margin? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
I think this quarter based on the one and half months which has already passed and looking at 
our order book we should be somewhere in the range of 7% to 10% this is our prediction, this 
is the forecast and next quarter it can go up, but again all these numbers after legal expenses. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Khandelwal from RII. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Bhavesh Khandelwal: 
My question is I think if I remember correctly last time you said that we will be doing something 
I mean we would be revamping the organization and hiring has been done and we are seeing 
hiring others I mean senior management and doing something else, so can you put some light 
on and how are we on it because we have not heard any official communication on that part? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
We have been hiring several more people also in the current quarter and improving just our 
management bandwidth for future projects. So, there was no announcements done because 
which were not required at this point and some of the people who have been taken on board 
would take some time to be permanent with us. So, we will see how things move, but yes the 
hiring is ongoing and team building is also ongoing and we are improving our management 
bandwidth especially for future projects not for current business. 
 
Bhavesh Khandelwal: 
And second sir on the future outlook I wanted to basically know like if for Bangladesh favorable 
export destination has been I think expiring may be in one or two years I am not sure of those 
timeline, so do you think it will benefit Kiri as a company or as a China man policy if just put a 
light on it? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
I think it would definitely benefit as Kiri because Bangladesh is an important market. 
Bangladesh has one of the top two exporters for us as well as for industry as a whole. So, that 
would benefit us for sure and that would help us to increase our exports to Bangladesh in the 
next few years. There are also further logistics improvements with Bangladesh because now 
trains have started even from Ahmadabad I see there are specific trains recently started for 
direct exports to Bangladesh so not being dependent on only containers which have now 
become a kind of a very high freights and high cost affairs. So, this train movements between 

Page 8 of 17 
 
 
India and Bangladesh would also benefit from logistics point of view from speed point of view 
because it is improving from both the sides from infrastructure point of view. So, Bangladesh 
is going to be an important market for textile as well as for dyes that would benefit Kiri. Number 
two if you have seen reason announcements by the government several textile parks s are going 
to be set up in India all across and those incentives through textiles boost of textiles, the targets 
for more than 100 billion textile exports which government is trying to setup to support textile 
industry that all will benefit and that all will provide growth opportunities for dyes to sell within 
India also. 
 
Bhavesh Khandelwal: 
Last question is if I can ask so basically like there is a lot of supply chain disruption and because 
of which the raw material prices are too high I mean especially if we talk about, so do you think 
is it going to be it is normal going forward in coming one or two months or it will take more 
time? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Based on our current assessment we do not see price is coming down significantly before 
December. We do not see much hope that there this raw material prices would reduce. If 
January to March quarter when we see that the basic chemical starts going down in China as 
well as globally, we may expect some reduction, but not in December we do not see any 
possibility of reduction in major raw material prices before the end of this calendar year. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Namit Mehta from KC Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Namit Mehta: 
Just a couple of questions from my side so one is I know from over the last couple of years you 
plan to move the standalone business from let us say INR 1,000 crore to roughly INR 1,800 to 
INR 2,000 crore in a couple of years, how do you see that target as of now do you still want to 
keep that target or are we seeing it evolving based on where you will allocate capital over the 
next few years? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
I think that target still remains unfortunately last one and half two years we got all tied up with 
this COVID effects, but now having that behind us I hope that we can have that target now 
restarted from this financial year so hopefully in a year or two we should be able to ramp up 
because we have capacities. We have already put capital in earlier plants which we already 
established and now it is only a matter of ramping up production, improving sales, increasing 
export and utilizing our already invested assets. So, that would be our number one and the first 
attempt to ramp up the standalone numbers, sales as well as margins both that would remain 
priority. Regarding your second point for the new expansions or investing into new projects 
that we will see in 2022-2023, but not currently. 
 
Namit Mehta: 
And just to confirm so once we go ahead with the Phase-2 capacity expansion that is basically 
all that is required for the revenue expansion to go to INR 1,800 to INR 2,000 crore right? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Right and not the additional CAPEX. 

Page 9 of 17 
 
 
Namit Mehta: 
And then just one other question in the wain of what another participant asked about 
management building if you can talk a little bit about your organizational building efforts as 
you want to become future ready if you could talk a little bit more about what you have done 
outside or even just team building either in terms of business plan development, 
environmental clearances and so on? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
There are several objectives for which we have strengthened the management and we are 
strengthening. One is as you rightly said we have one area of people who have been applying 
various environmental clearances on various land that the company has. Number two also in 
specialty chemicals there are various different products and we have tried to hire people 
specialized in those product ranges or in those product sectors. So, we have for example there 
is benzene, nitrobenzene derivatives area. So we are studying those we have got people on 
that. There are some areas which are related to fertilizers and other by- products so we have 
got people for that and we have also got several technical people added in our lab which are 
now studying, reviewing, checking product such as API and pharma sectors. So, we have 
selected people from different sectors to both technical side, environmental compliance side 
and also project and commercial business preparation side. So, our in house team has been 
preparing various techno economic feasibility studies. We have hired three to four outside 
agencies also to work with this team and that is how we have collected people who have 
experience in various fields. So that is where we were trying to build ourselves. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of B Suresh an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
B Suresh: 
Court date is January 2022 is the final judgement. 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
January 24 to 28 these are the days in which there would be one day. Based on our latest 
information it would be January 24 itself, but it could be any one day between January 24 and 
28. 
 
B Suresh: 
This is the final ones? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
This is the final one this is the final hearing and the judgment will come after that, but this is a 
final hearing of the appeal of Supreme Court and good thing is that whatever appeals that both 
the sides have filed on various points and all the orders related to valuation all those appeals 
are consolidated and when the hearing takes place it will cover all the appeals which relates to 
valuation which are filed from both the sides. 
 
B Suresh: 
The amount is used on investment and CAPEX and you can distribute the dividend? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yeah it is both the breakup precise number has not been decided yet, but we are still waiting 
the final number from the Supreme Court. Hopefully it would continue, it would have the same 

Page 10 of 17 
 
 
number what the International Court decided. So, that is the hope, but let us see if it is changed 
then looking at that the broad usage is what you rightly said it will be used for the further future 
investments and some part would also go back to shareholders yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemant Kanungo an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Hemant Kanungo: 
I just want to ask as we know that Senda I mean the DyStar as we consistently making profit 
post the 2018itself after the declared on the 2018 verdict, so is there not a way when we can ask 
Supreme Court to at least release our share of earnings that is 37.5% of earnings, so that it 
would not lead to further operation of Kiri Industry? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
From the legal point of view from July 3rd, 2018, the date on which the valuation for Kiri is 
decided. Technically that is what the number that we are entitled to receive, but as you very 
rightly said since that date till now even though Kiri continue to hold shares and transaction 
has not been completed. So, there is a big difference between the valuation date of July 3rd and 
the transaction date when actually Kiri shares are bought and amount is paid and it is not few 
months, but you are looking at almost three years time gap between this two. So, we must be 
entitled to get something either profit or interest or there has to be some upside that Kiri has 
to get for this particular period and that point is also in appeal. So, when Kiri has demanded 
the interest or the enhancement of his value between July3. 
 
Hemant Kanungo: 
Yes sir, but I want to add one thing I want to at least we can ask that whatever the amount of 
our share one is we can always get is adjusted from the final valuation figure because that one 
you know soften our stance because we are not asking for a particular amount. We are just 
asking our share of earnings and you know that we can get it adjusted from the final valuation 
figure what will be decided by the Supreme Court board reflect by INR 3,500 crore so if DyStar 
is making INR 100 crore so we can ask our 37 crores to be released and get it adjusted from the 
INR 3,500 crores whenever because if that way DyStar can delay the judgment and we will be 
considering, we are further operation from DyStar? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
See the judgment, the hearing of the Supreme Court and the judgment of Supreme Court we 
will follow the court timelines which have been fixed now number one. Number two DyStar 
does not own owe money to Kiri it is Senda who owe to Kiri. So, legally speaking we do not 
have right to collect money from DyStar, but we do have right to collect money from Senda. 
So, DyStar profit is not Senda profit from legal standpoint. So, the guilty party is Senda and now 
DyStar. So, court would not order anything against DyStar to pay to Kiri that is number one. 
Number two so that is where the two entities are different. Number two we already proposed 
to Senda and to the lawyers and the corresponds are also with courts that whatever their side 
of an amount of $323 million at least put that amount in the escrow and Kiri has also proposed 
which is under discussion to open an escrow account and put this money there because 
irrespective of what is the outcome of Supreme Court the amount which is there from their 

Page 11 of 17 
 
 
side must be paid anyway, put that in escrow even if not given to Kiri, but at least that shows 
commitment to pay. So that aspect and that proposal is still under discussions between both 
the parties and also corresponds are ongoing with the court. 
 
Hemant Kanungo: 
And my second question is we are also owning a co company with a Lonsen in India, so are we 
facing some similarity of operation from Lonsen like in terms of you know involving us in the 
management practice and also sharing the dividend, so are we getting the regular dividend 
from Kiri Lonsen or we are facing similar operation? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
We are facing operation at there too and we are victim of not paying dividend at Lonsen Kiri 
also. So, there are no legal battles started between the parties, but yes they have behaved the 
same way at Lonsen Kiri too and operation at Lonsen Kiri still exists. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nandan Khambate an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Nandan Khambate: 
I have two questions first is again pertaining to DyStar thing once the Supreme Court judgment 
comes in January last week, is there any way that Lonsen or either Kiri can appeal to another 
forum at the International Court of Law or etcetera? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
No, there is no further appeal let me just clarify as I mentioned earlier January 24 to 28 is a 
hearing date not the judgment date. So, judgment comes afterwards after hearing, but there 
is no further court, there is no any upper court or there is no other place to go to appeal for 
anyone. 
 
Nandan Khambate: 
So, January last week is the final hearing? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes correct. 
 
 
Nandan Khambate: 
What is the appeal made by Senda in this case so are these taken to 323 or the figures which 
you just mentioned or what is the appeal which they have filed against the order SICC order? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
See appeal is only now dealing with the valuation with the number whether to pay Kiri or not 
whether, Kiri has suffered minority operation or not whether the buyout order is a right order 
or not all these matters have already been heard, decided, upheld by Supreme Court already. 
So, this hearing of Supreme Court and Senda appeal is to only lower the valuation number. 
Senda value if you go through the judgment the earlier judgment it says that the Senda side 
presented $323 million for the Kiri stake. So, they will attempt to reduce the number from 
$481.6 towards $323 and Kiri has also appealed. Kiri’s attempt would be to increase the 
number from $481.6 to $700, $750 because Kiri also has several points which are strongly in 
favor of Kiri that can be argued at the appeals. So, both the parties will only fight for a number 
that is the only matter in Supreme Court to give what number. 

Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Nandan Khambate: 
Sir in this case only going for dual prayer that is court accepts $700 or $750 the limit Kiri is 
making that is fine, but if they reject and they stick to $482 are we also paid for interest on 
that, have we made a dual payer in that case? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
What is your question? 
 
 
Nandan Khambate: 
While filing an appeal have we made it dual player fighting for Kiri limit is $700 or $750 what 
is the actual number maybe and the court does not accept that and sticks to the $482 
valuations are we also praying  for the interest portion or we playing two things? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes we are also appealing one of the main points in a Kiri’s interest portion. 
 
 
Nandan Khambate: 
What is the interest rate in that case which you have claimed? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
It is a fixed interest rate in Singapore 5.33% per year. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Hazariwala an Individual Investor 
Please go ahead. 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
If I take out the legal cost what will be the EBITDA margins for standalone? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
If you see annually the legal cost if I give you the number now has range somewhere between 
INR 35 to INR 40 crore per year. So, if you take half yearly INR 15 crore, INR 17 crore, INR 20 
crore something like that, that is how so if you take it out then your EBITDA would be at least 
it would be around 6% to 7%. 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
6% to 7% for last quarter? 
Manish Kiri: 
For half year this financial year. 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
What about the last quarter? 
Manish Kiri: 
This financial year I mean starting from April till September. 
 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
No what about the last quarter in September quarter? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
September quarter legal cost was even higher. So, last quarter and this quarter together we 
just revise the number it was more than INR 15 close to INR 17 crore. 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
If I am talking out that last quarter on legal cost what will be the EBITDA margins for the last 
quarter only? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Last quarter INR 250, INR 263 around 4% would be last quarter’s EBITDA margin. 

Page 13 of 17 
 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
When I am comparing ourselves with our peers like Bodal and Aksharchem or something like 
that there would be much better than what we have done in EBITDA margins even a good 
profits compared to the last year same quarter so where we have lose our competitiveness or 
EBITDA kind of things? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
For that let me explain you in two parts. One part is that maybe that have been able to because 
see they are more of an intermediate players and we are dyes and intermediates 50-50, Akhsar 
Chem, Bhageria they are just pure intermediate players and for intermediates the passing on 
price increases or cost increases to customer is much earlier. While for dyes to pass on to 
customers take longer time. So, that is one factors where they have they might be able to pass 
on price increases to their customers earlier than what we could number one. Number two 
there are certain intermediates that Kiri produces for Lonsen Kiri, which goes for Lonsen Kiri 
and then Lonsen Kiri sells dyes. So, there is a different structure here. So, when you look at the 
consolidated numbers of Kiri it gives you a better picture or a clear picture compared to a 
standalone number, because consolidated number without DyStar would give you the 
intermediate capturing of the margin as well as dyes capturing of the margin at Lonsen Kiri 
level because in Kiri dyes are produced in two companies. One Kiri standalone and second is 
Lonsen Kiri. While if you compare for example with Bodal, the dyes are produced only at one 
level while our dyes are produced at two levels. So, for that when you look at the consolidated 
margin that gives you a true picture. In fact of what we have actually earned by selling dyes 
directly from Kiri and also be selling dyes through Lonsen Kiri for Kiri’s portion of 40%. So, let 
us say if you look at the consolidated EBITDA number which is close to 8% and if you add around 
another 5% let us say for half year you will come to around 12%, 13% which would be in line 
with what   they have done. 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
And the other question is like before 6 months concall like at the end of the year 2021-FY21 
you say there is no problem in Lonsen and Kiri joint venture now you are saying that we are 
facing the same kind or problem like this kind of thing will be just we have not yet settle down 
this DyStar problem and we are going into another problem and DyStar problem has taken 
almost four, five years after we claim? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Let me just clarify there is a clarity if you understand question properly and my answer properly 
there are operational problems or there are management problems or company’s problems 
there are no such problems number one. Company is operating, running managed operated run 
by actually Kiri that is one. 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
Which one Lonsen and Kiri? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Lonsen Kiri. The second question what was asked to me by the gentlemen are we facing 
minority operations in Lonsen Kiri that is a different question correct for that my answer is yes 
because since 2009 till now Lonsen Kiri has also not paid a single rupee of dividend to Kiri even 
though being debt free. So, it may be operating it is generating profits, it is a normal business 

Page 14 of 17 
 
 
operations, but do we also face minority operation in Lonsen Kiri that is why my answer is yes 
I hope I am able to explain to you. 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
But this company is run by Kiri only right? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
But to manage the dividend is a majority directors. 
 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
So are they taking care of dividend or they are also not taking any dividend? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Nobody has taken dividend. 
 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
Nobody has taken dividend right? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Nobody has taken dividend since 2009. 
 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
So all the accrual is happening into the Lonsen Kiri? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes correct. 
 
 
Prashant Hazariwala: 
So we are good part of this management or we are having how this management board is 
working? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
The board is structure with three directors from Lonsen and two directors from Kiri, but the 
management, managing director and operationare all belong to Kiri, the board matters have 
majority with Lonsen. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Asawa an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rohit Asawa: 
I had two questions regarding the January hearing the first is does the hearing have to get 
completed in one day or can it further get extended and we get one more day later on and 
second is based on our experience with Singapore Court now for years, when do we expect the 
judgment to be delivered after the hearing is completed? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
The first answer as per the current indication from the court the hearing would be just one day 
so only one day would be given for arguments. Number two, based on our prior experience 
with Supreme Court and in general the judgment the way Supreme Court gives post hearing 
our earlier judgment has come in 22 days from the hearing day and it has taken maximum 
about two months’ time also. So we can expect that within couple of months the judgment can 
come. 
 
Rohit Asawa: 
I had one more question regarding FCCB conversions as well I understand we have about 1.2 
crore FCCB conversion pending by January 17 what is the status on that? 

Page 15 of 17 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Till now we have not received the conversion notices, but hopefully before January they might 
come. The moment we do we receive we will announce. 
 
Rohit Asawa: 
If they do not come sir then what are the options we have? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
If it does not come then the company will return FCCB money and that would not be converted 
then finished. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashit Kothi an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Sir with regards to Lonsen  Kiri I mean say when we have faced this problem of five years at 
Singapore court and suppose if we have to again fight it in Indian courts, the amount of time, 
efforts, money which should go in fighting it out could be huge? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yeah fighting out for what. 
 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Either to get paid for whatever time, efforts invested by Kiri in Lonsen Kiri or if they are not 
then you are fighting it out to acquire the control? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
So you mean to say management control Kiri already you mean to say for fighting out for 
separation, to get separated. So fight is separation that is what you are indicating? 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Yeah. 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
So, we will have a discussion because now till now what I understand both the parties have 
been deal with the DyStar dispute and the legal battle with DyStar level. There is no legal battle 
in this entity in Lonsen Kiri, but we would always try to settle and to discuss mutually to figure 
out if we can separate mutually if not, yes then again it would be spinning into the court for the 
separation purpose but let us see what happens, it would be speculative for me to say that 
once DyStar is separated I think both the parties will have the senses  to prevail and then try to 
figure out to separate amicably I hope so and there could be a legal battle. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
And where does DyStar stand today I mean say if they have to make the payment to you at 
one shot are the balance sheet that much strong enough to pay you in one shot? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes balance sheet is very strong and Lonsen is also extremely strong and DyStar is also zero 
debt and DyStar has a very high significant cash sitting in there. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
In a way we are going to miss out on the huge potential which DyStar was offering when in 
2009 we acquired, we lost a decade and more and yet we also loss some market share 
indirectly? 

Page 16 of 17 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
I did not understand what you are saying. 
 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
We lost more than a decade in DyStar management bandwidth and otherwise and we also lost 
a market share indirectly because now DyStar is no more going to be with us? 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Kiri has not supplied a single kilo of material to DyStar since 2014 just to clarify. Kiri DyStar is 
no longer a customer of Kiri since 2014. So, Kiri has not lost earlier anything Kiri has not lost Kiri 
has its own set of customers, distributors, Kiri has its own products. So, Kiri has not lost anything 
in terms of its fares or market share with that number one. Number two Kiri invested 10 years 
ago 95 or close to 100 crore and after this court battle, after 10 years that 100 crores of Kiri’s 
investment has grown into $481.6 million which is close to 3,700 crores. So, for 10 years it is 
not a bad investment. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Yeah that is one way of looking at it no doubt about it. 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
And there is no loss of market share just to correct you? 
 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Since we did not supply no loss of market share, but the purpose of acquiring DyStar was to get 
into the lucrative European market which we are not right now. 
 
Manish Kiri: 
European market for dyes industry is no longer lucrative because there is no textile left in 
Europe. 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
So it is only China and other Asian countries. 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
It is only Asia, Turkey, Hundura, Central America, Brazil these are the places who do textile 
processing. So, DyStar sales of dyes in Europe itself is much lesser and the largest is in Asia? 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
VP Rajesh: 
Just a quick question what was the capacity utilization in the September quarter? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yeah we will give you just now hold on for dyes at a quantum level what is our capacity 
utilization in this quarter dyes capacity utilization is  37% to be precise as a dyes capacity 
utilization, intermediate capacity utilization is 88%. 
 
VP Rajesh: 
And what do you expect it to be in this quarter given things are getting better? 
 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Yeah this quarter the prices the margin wise prices would be better compared to last quarter 
and dyes capacity utilization we should be able to touch close to 50% and we will our endeavor 
is intermediate capacity utilization also increases to 95%. 

Page 17 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. Over to members of the management. 
 
Manish Kiri: 
Thanks to everyone for joining today and we will speak to you in next quarter. Thank you. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kiri Industries Limited that concludes this 
conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
