November 22, 2021 
The Manager- Listing 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 507685) 
The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
(NSE: WIPRO) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Day 2021
Please find attached herewith copy of the transcript of the Investor Day 2021 
held on November 19, 2021. The details of above said are also made available at 
the Company’s website www.wipro.com.
Thanking you, 
For Wipro Limited 
M Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary 

 
Wipro Limited 
Investor Day 2021 
November 19, 2021 

wipro.com 
Management 
Rishad Premji – Executive Chairman
Thierry Delaporte – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Angan Guha – Chief Executive Officer, Americas 2 
Lance Levy – Chief Executive Officer, Capco 
Rajan Kohli – Managing Partner 
Stephanie Trautman – Chief Growth officer 
Subha Tatavarti – Chief Technology Officer 
Saurabh Govil – President & CHRO (Human Resources) 
Tony Buffomante – Sr. Vice President, Global Head of Cybersecurity and Risk Services 
Jatin Dalal – Chief Financial Officer 
Aparna Iyer – Vice President & Corporate Treasurer 

wipro.com 
Aparna Iyer: 
Good morning and good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to Wipro, virtual Investor Day 
2021. Thank you all for joining us today, we have an interesting lineup of presentations from a 
senior leadership team, followed by Q&A. We will start with opening remarks from our Chairman 
Rishad Premji, followed by a presentation by our CEO and MD Thierry Delaporte, who will provide 
an update on strategy. We will then have five sessions with our leaders who will provide more 
context and details on some of our priorities for FY22 and beyond. We will take all questions at the 
slot allotted for Q&A, which is at the end of the presentations. Before we commence, let me draw 
attention to the fact that during this event, we may make certain forward-looking statements within 
the meaning of the private securities litigation Reform Act 1995. These statements are based on 
management's current expectations, and are associated with uncertainties and risks, which may 
cause the actual results to differ materially from those expected. The uncertainties and risk factors 
are explained in our detail filings with SEC. Wipro does not undertake any obligation to update the 
forward-looking statements to reflect the events and circumstances after the date of filing. Thank 
you and have a nice event. 
Rishad Premji: 
Hello everyone, and welcome to our investor day. I hope you and your families have been keeping 
well and staying safe. It's been a year since our last investor event, and it feels great to be 
connecting again with you. I wish we could have met face-to-face and I'm hopeful we should be 
able to do this soon. Thank you for joining today and giving us an opportunity to share with you 
the progress we have made in these last 12 months. And to give you a real sense of where we are 
headed next. I am happy to say that we are seeing signs of normalcy again. In many parts of the 
world, our colleagues have started coming back to the office and since the last month, some of us 
have started traveling again to meet customers. Thierry was in India in October, and it was his first 
official trip to Bangalore since he joined in July last year. You will hear more on this from him later. 
But it was great to have him here and for him to meet some of his team. In India, the leadership 
team is now coming to the office twice a week. We are opening up facilities in a phased manner 
and keeping the safety of our employees and the needs of our customers in mind as we plan this. 
While it is unlikely that we will see a full return to the office, we believe it is essential to reconnect 
and spend time with each other for ideas and communication to flow more easily and more 
importantly for culture. Clearly, the future of work will be a hybrid model and hence building a 
runway to this future is important and essential. With global restrictions being eased, and borders 
being opened up. I've had the opportunity to travel. Over the last three to four weeks, I have been 
in the Middle East, US and Europe meeting our customers.  
What I hear is that every company is now thinking of itself as a technology company, where earlier 
the conversation was how do I use technology to reduce costs, it has shifted to how can technology 
help me create and drive more economic value. This is a profound shift, one that has changed the 
whole philosophy of investing in technology from reducing costs and increasing efficiency to driving 
speed and agility in business outcomes. New business models like automobile as a service, 
healthcare as a service. payments as a service are becoming mainstream. And technologies like 
cloud data and AI, engineering and cybersecurity are helping customers navigate that 
transformation. Our customers are placed at different stages in the technology adoption cycle, and 
there is enough headroom and momentum in the market for sustained demand of these 
technologies for the near term.  
Over the last 12 months Wipro has done well to serve our customers while operating in this new 
context. The board and I are very pleased with the improvement in our growth trajectory, the 
investments we are making while sustaining profitability, and the leadership team that we have 
built. We have made significant changes in our operating model and our leadership team and I'm 
very happy to say that we manage this transformation with minimal disruption while Thierry will 
take you through the details of our performance, I would like to leave you with three qualitative 
messages that I see.  
The first, we are obsessively focused on growth. We are building a high-performance organization 
that is outcome and results focused with high standards of accountability, and a sense of deep 
purpose. Two, we are closer to our customers than ever before, more local and agile through our 
market unit structure. And three, we are more ambitious, unafraid to be bold, and committed to 
raising the bar and performance. Speaking of being bold, one big change that we have embarked 
on is to build a leadership team that is truly diverse, global, closer to our customers, and 
geographically distributed. I believe that having a truly global leadership team is vital to bring 
richness of perspective, challenge the status quo, and help us understand and serve our customers 
better. The acquisition of Capco is a great example of a step in this direction.  

wipro.com 
We have always believed there is a citizen of this world, our responsibility goes beyond our narrow 
business interests. So even as we have accelerated our growth trajectory, we are even more 
committed today towards the societies and communities around us. You are familiar with our ESG 
framework. In other words, our commitment to environment, social responsibility, and good 
governance is at the heart of everything that we do but this year, we took another big step towards 
making that commitment even stronger. Climate change is a complex challenge and a real crisis 
that humanity is facing today. We at Wipro have always believed that organizations must be at the 
forefront to address this. Our climate change program goes back nearly two decades and this year 
we announced our commitment to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040, in line 
with the objectives of the Paris Agreement. What that means is we will achieve a 55% reduction in 
our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, before reducing it to zero by 2040. It is a bold target. Our 
focus is to drive an aggressive decarbonization strategy, instead of leveraging offsets to meet the 
goal. Our approach emphasizes the importance of not just reaching that goal but doing so in a way 
that aligns with our core values of integrity and business responsibility. 
We have been in the forefront of engaging with communities especially in the challenging context 
of the pandemic. In financial year, 2021 Wipro limited, Wipro enterprises Private Limited, and the 
Azim Premji foundation together committed 150 million towards tackling this unprecedented health 
and humanitarian crisis arising out of the COVID outbreak. We did this in several ways- We 
converted our campuses into hospitals, worked with state governments to ramp up vaccinations 
around the country and supported livelihoods. Let me expand on this a little bit more. Since March 
2020. We have helped over 18 million people through our coordinated and comprehensive COVID-
19 response covering humanitarian aid, integrated health care support, and livelihood 
regeneration. Earlier this year to deal with the unprecedented second wave, we ramped up our 
response on multiple fronts. Our approach has been to address short term emergency response 
as well as contribute towards strengthening our public health infrastructure. The hospital we had 
set up in Pune in Maharashtra by converting our Tech campus into a 450 bed COVID care hospital 
continues to save lives. We have treated over 6,000 patients there this past year. Our overall health 
care efforts have built capacity and run programs closely collaborating with the public health 
system to serve geographies that have a population of over 150 million people. We are now 
supporting multiple state governments on the vaccination program, and the foundation is 
committed another $130 million for this. This program has so far covered 2,700 primary health 
care centers with an outreach to 72 million people. I'm incredibly proud of the work all my 
colleagues have done to meet the challenges imposed by the pandemic while also improving our 
business performance significantly. As you all know, this year we are celebrating Wipro's 75th 
anniversary. We have transformed many times over these years, but our guiding force has been 
constant, our values which we call the spirit of Wipro. As a result, Wipro is recognized the world 
over as an exemplar of corporate citizenship with the highest standards of governance, ethics, and 
values. While the spirit of Wipro is our touchstone, we need to live the values every day through 
our actions, behaviors, and our habits. These habits define our culture, which is the most important 
asset of an organization. Last year, I spoke about how I am personally championing the five habits, 
a key part of our cultural transformation. I have personally spent hundreds of hours talking to our 
colleagues about these five habits, and how they impact our culture and our performance. And I 
am happy to see how enthusiastically our employees have embraced these five habits over the 
past year. We will continue to actively engage, communicate, reflect and work to make the cultural 
transformation, the heart of who we are and what we do. Last year, we promised that you will see 
a bolder Wipro, a more ambitious Wipro, and a more responsible Wipro. In these last 12 months, 
we have done exactly that. I'm incredibly excited with the path that we have charted for ourselves 
and feel even more confident about the future that lies ahead. Thank you for joining us today. And 
I hope you have a terrific event. Thanks again and welcome. 
Thierry Delaporte: 
Hello, everyone, how are you today? I'm really pleased to have this opportunity to meet you. Today, 
our entire leadership is wisdom you live from Paris. This new leadership team our executive 
committee has come together in person for a global off-site. Each of us are ending this week 
inspired, connected, and motivated. Because you see, for those of our leaders who have joined in 
the last 18 months, this is the first time we've met in person. We got a chance to reboot our 
relationships and go back to the basics of human connection. Sure, some of us felt that our social 
skills feel a bit rusty. But we are charged up and ready for tomorrow! Over entire two days, our 
executive committee deliberated on our priorities. And on our future strategy. We debated on how 
to continue building a culture of growth, of service excellence and of boldness. We're excited to 
share some of that thinking with you today. In the next three hours, we'll take you through our 
business strategy, mark out our ambition and share the progress we've made so far against the 
goals that we set out last year. Later, valued members of our executive committee will join you to 
share how we see the future shaping up and therefore what our priorities will be for the coming 
year and beyond. So last year we had set we'd set out our enterprising and dynamic vision for 

wipro.com 
ourselves. We'd said that we want to be a trusted partner to our clients. We want to deliver real 
value to them, help them transform, and be agile, and inventive. But all the while staying true to 
our DNA to our commitment to be a force for good for our people, for the communities around us, 
and the planet we live in. As a company of 220,000 colleagues around the world, a company that 
is truly diverse and distinct. We want to be a true global leader in our industry, a fast growing 
dynamic and innovative company. We want to outpace the market; we want to continue to gain 
market share. We want to attract the best talent not just from our industry, but many other industries 
too. This plurality is how we will develop nuance, differentiation domain strengths. That is the Wipro 
we are working to build to that list of ambitions I set out last year, we've made an important addition. 
We want to be orchestrators transformation for our clients, we want to be orchestrators of modern 
business success. See, the pandemic has accelerated transformation timelines across all 
industries. Digital technologies such as AI, big data, IoT cyber cloud, I've seen widespread 
adoption and exponential growth. Naturally, this means more complexity, more need for expertise, 
innovation, speed, and flexibility. This is where we want to play. Wipro wants to be the orchestrator 
of choice for our customers, where we bring together entire ecosystems, technologies, partners 
and hyperscalers. To solve complex business and technology problems for our clients. It's a place 
of trust, it's a position of respect, one that we will earn. Our priorities take shape from that ambition. 
A year ago, we have laid out our five strategic priorities, to build a fast-growing innovative company 
that is unafraid of reinventing itself a company that is creating a bold future for itself for its 
employees, its customers, and a sustainable future for the planet. 
 
We had said that we will focus on winning in our priority markets and sectors. By bringing the best 
of Wipro to our clients, by strengthening our relationship with partners. By leading with world class 
business solutions that solve specific client problems by driving dedicated focus on talent. And 
finally, by radically simplifying your operating model to build a more a giant company. We've done 
all this and then some more. In the last 12 months, we have pursued our strategy relentlessly and 
with single minded focus. And if you ask me, between us, I think without based the goals we had 
set out I feel very proud of what we've achieved and very grateful to our leadership team and all 
our colleagues around the world who have made it possible who have believed in our future, made 
Wipro’s vision their own and delivered for our clients with pace, attention, and honesty. I know I 
can speak for my leadership team when I say that our early successes have only made us more 
ambitious, more energized to take our company higher. In more ways than one, I feel we are a 
slightly different company now. You may think I'm biased to feel this way. But I hear our customers 
say that. You know, I still continue to meet many clients every week and I hear from them about 
changed Wipro they are experiencing today. They speak of more connected and agile Wipro, they 
speak of risk taking, they speak of a more proactive problem solving, they speak of Wipro that they 
like. This is who we are today. And I will not shy away from saying how proud that makes me. 
But how did we achieve this? How did we execute on our five key strategic priorities? One, we 
accelerated our growth through focus and scale. We prioritize specific sectors in our chosen 
markets. And I've gotten deeper into areas we believe we have strengths in doubling down on 
investments there. Such a differentiated investment strategy has led to strong revenue growth, not 
only across our top markets, the US the UK, but also across market that had not been growing.  
The Americas have always been our growth markets, and we continue to consolidate our position 
there. Four out of seven sectors in the Americas grew at a compounded quarterly growth rate of 
over 5%. But Europe, markets such as Germany, Switzerland, Benelux are growing significantly 
faster at an 8.2% compounded quarterly growth rate over the past four quarters, and that's 
organically. Asia Pacific, Middle East, and Africa, which was a degrowing market for us for many 
years, I started showing positive growth as well. The second thing we did to turn around our 
company was to strengthen our client relationships and our partnerships. You've heard us talk 
about our unrelenting focus on clients and partners. This has meant strengthening our relationship 
with strategy clients, investing in our key partnerships, focusing on proactively shaping and winning 
larger transformation deals, and continuing our inorganic run with strategy mergers and 
acquisition. On this first anchor of our growth that is strengthening relationship with strategy clients, 
our teams have doubled their focus on existing clients and streamlined our investments in frontline 
sales. Account leadership is a key enabler here. 1/3 of our global account executives are new. 
There are senior leaders brought in from the industry, who are building connections trust and 
delivering excellence to our customers. 
 
While therefore, growing our strategy clients at a faster pace. You saw us probably report strong 
growth in our top 10 customers, which grew at 33% year on year in Q2, ahead of the company's 
average. We have added four more $100 million accounts and greater than $50 million accounts 
have gone up from 39 to 44. I can share with you here that 80% of the $30 million plus deals were 

wipro.com 
in our strategic accounts. This shift we feel is the start of a significant move, one that I believe will 
continue. And like I mentioned before, I hear these from our customers about the new Wipro they 
are experiencing they see us as being more confident of what we have to offer, more sure of where 
our strengths lie. They see us bringing fresh and innovative ideas and executing them. Our 
customers are seeing the one Wipro in action.  
Now this brings us to the second pillar of our growth strategy partnerships. Wipro is co-investing, 
co-innovating and co-creating with hyper scalars and industry leading platform players to drive 
leading edge solutions. Together with our partners, we are seeing great traction in areas like cloud 
led modernization, AI, machine learning, industry and context specific digital solutions and cloud 
native architectures. We have hired senior leaders to strengthen our partnership organization. 
Every one of our partnerships are now led by senior leaders that we trust and respect. So, you can 
say that our focus will remain firmly on our Hyper Growth alliances. We now have a credible 
approach together with all our strategic partners such as AWS, Microsoft, Google, Salesforce, SAP 
and ServiceNow. We are committed to scale each of these partnerships into large and strategic 
businesses for us and for them. We are developing ambitious plans and go-to-market together 
with them. And our strategy positioning with each of our partners continues to improve. A great 
example here is with SAP, where we have now moved to be in the top four in terms of the number 
of certified consultants. Another example is with Salesforce, we we've been recognized as leaders 
by ISG in the Salesforce implementation services providers, Magic Quadrant. There are other 
examples of course, in the last 12 months, we have launched the @now studio in partnership with 
ServiceNow. The Wipro-Google Cloud Innovation Arena in Bangalore, and the Wipro AWS 
Launchpad co-innovation Center in São Paulo, Brazil. We plan to launch many more immersive 
studios across the globe going forward. All of this is demonstrated in the traction we are 
experiencing with our partners. Our order book in actual contract value terms as grown 80% year 
on year in the second quarter, across our top six partners that's AWS, Google, Microsoft, 
ServiceNow, SAP and Salesforce.  
Now to the third pillar of growth, which has been our focus on large deals. As you know, the 
demand environment continues to be very strong. And our pipeline, which is highest in recent past, 
is a clear reflection of that. The total contract value of our large deals has grown 80%, in the past 
four quarters. We signed one mega deal, each in both of our largest markets, that is the Americas 
and Europe, with both having the potential to reach $1 billion in each of their contract durations. 
 
We have strengthened our large deals team and our Stephanie Trotman, our chief growth officer. 
We've brought in specialized expertise their colleagues who have excelled in this area. This team 
focuses on sourcing large deals from the market via advisors and consulting channels. They work 
together with account teams to shape up new deals, provide much needed solutioning and 
commercial expertise. So, I'm confident that our participation and win rate of large transformational 
programs will accelerate.  
And finally, the fourth pillar of growth is inorganic. Merger and Acquisition are an integral part of 
our business strategy because acquisitions help us leapfrog in strategic areas. In the last few 
quarters, we have closed several acquisitions in the US, Europe, Latin America, Australia, and 
India. These acquisitions have either strengthened our local presence and enhanced global 
capabilities or significantly improved our positioning in key markets and segments, or both. Our 
acquisition of Capco, Wipro’s largest ever has been a great strategic move I feel. It has improved 
our ability to participate in larger transformative deals in the financial services space. This 
acquisition has been incredibly successful to-date. We have brought our two organizations 
together in the right way. By delivering a more comprehensive set of services together to shared 
clients. Capco’s financial performance is really robust. And I continue to be wow-ed by the talent 
and the mindset of this team. You will see that this has worked- we’ve won 20 deals I believe in 
the first six months of the transaction closure. And I have asked Lance as the CEO of Capco to 
consolidate the capabilities of Wipro and Capco at our largest, most important clients, in order to 
lead with the domain expertise of Capco supported by Wipro’s technology capability and capacity. 
This will drive even stronger connects with our biggest clients and begin the journey towards a 
more sophisticated and comprehensive go to market approach for the longer term in financial 
services at Wipro. Lance and Angan will join us to shed more light on this, along with a more 
detailed view of our financial services ambition, and how we're leveraging the combined 
strengths.  
Our acquisition of Ampion as strengthen significantly our cybersecurity capability and deepened 
our presence in the ANZ market. Our acquisition of Eximius Design has strengthened our 
engineering leadership across Product Lifecycle Management, semiconductor software and 

wipro.com 
system design. 4C has widen our reach in Sales force solutions in Europe. While IVIA has 
bolstered our presence in Latin America. Finally, Encore Theme, in addition to Capco has made 
our priority sector financial services even stronger. All this has meant that we've created an 
organization that is obsessed with understanding our customers better, serving them with speed 
and investing deeper in their success. As a result, we have improved our quarterly growth trajectory 
consistently. On an organic basis. We grew at a compounded quarterly growth rate of 4% in the 
last four quarters, our annual revenue run rate and surpassed the $10 billion mark with secular 
and broad-based growth across markets and sectors. The pace of growth in the past four quarters 
is visible when you note that $2.4 billion of this run rate was added in just the last 12 months alone. 
 
Now, let me switch focus to something I had alluded to earlier. But he's very, very critical to how 
we move forward. I spoke about how we want to be orchestrators of ecosystems, technologies 
and solutions. We aim for these because customers are no longer looking for system integrators 
alone. They need orchestrators that deliver value through holistic solutions- solutions that leverage 
technology, but also industry expertise and partnership. To align to what the market needs we 
have invested in building business solutions that can deliver business outcomes that we're ready 
to commit for our clients.  
We have launched Wipro as full stride cloud services, which integrates our consulting these 
industry specific and technology capabilities, along with our cloud studio assets. The cloud 
ecosystem, which is about 30% of our revenues at the moment, grew at a four-quarter 
compounded quarterly growth rate of 6%. And our cloud related pipeline today is a third of our total 
pipeline. That's very encouraging. Of course, we will continue to make similar strategic investments 
in high growth areas such as data and AI, cybersecurity, and engineering services. We continue 
to accelerate investments and focus on building industry specific solutions and services. This is 
reflected in the strong performance of our domain and consulting services portfolio, which recorded 
a 6.5% compounded quarterly growth rate. We will also continue to invest and accelerate our 
domain capabilities and assets in identified themes, which align with the core transformation needs 
of each of our key sectors. Our industry specific solutions and services leverage the combination 
of Wipro’s IPs, domain and technology expertise and are aimed at solving client challenges. 
I will share two areas that demonstrate this. The first one is in financial services where Wipro has 
invested in capabilities solutions and partnership creation around specific industry big bets areas. 
Areas where we see our clients driving digital transformation initiatives like revenue growth, cost 
transformation, customer excellence. Some of the big bet areas where Wipro has built a strong 
proposition include core banking transformation, payment modernization, building, digital bank, or 
new industry stacks, front to back-office transformation for asset managers, insurance underwriting 
and claims transformation. The Capco acquisition deepens and expands our capabilities in the 
sector. Again, Angan and Lance will share more on this. The second example I want to share is 
from the oil and gas industry. A platform we have developed in partnership with Microsoft and the 
innovation ecosystem called the “Open subsurface data universe”. This platform aims to provide 
a next generation data management standard to ingest upstream that for exploration and 
production, leveraging cloud Wipro and ISV solutions. Here we are bringing the best of Wipro’s 
capabilities and assets, in partnership with our strategic partners to deliver in an as-a-service 
model.  
All this is reflected in the performance of our fastest growing portfolios of next generation emerging 
services such as Cloud transformation, cloud security, edge and data transformation, digital 
experience, which actually accounts for almost 20% of our revenues today. But we grew at a 
compounded quarterly growth rate of over 10% across the last four quarters and 47% year on year 
in the most recent quarter. But we recognize that what is growing today will be legacy soon. That's 
the nature of progress. So, we will keep challenging ourselves to stay ahead of the curve.  
One factor that is critical to such a step ahead will be talent. I had shared in our previous 
interactions that talent will probably be the most important priority for the industry, Wipro included. 
On the back of an organizational restructuring, we have made substantial progress towards a talent 
transformation. We now have a contemporary and diverse senior leadership, including in our client 
facing global account executives. We have moved our leadership closer to clients- 60% of our 
leadership are in the local markets with increased proximity to our customers. We have inducted 
over 50 new leaders from the market into the senior leadership team, and about 80% of them are 
in market facing roles across our priority markets. Our leadership team has a good mix of lateral 
hires and internally promoted high performing leaders. Throughout our organizational 
transformation, we have continued to reinforce the spirit and the values of our company. We have 
also relentlessly focused on improving the diversity of our teams, one that truly reflects a global 

wipro.com 
organization at all levels, including the leadership. Consequently, our diversity is up by 15%. We 
have hired over 90 women leaders in senior leadership roles in the calendar year so far. There is 
a long way to go, but we are resolute.  
On the capability front, we continue to invest in building world class talent in growth hotspots. For 
example, Wipro employs over 80,000 Cloud professionals, and more than 10,000 of our colleagues 
are now certified by leading cloud service providers. We have access to more than 1.6 million data 
science experts through Topcoder, our crowdsourcing platform. And we have bigger plans for 
Topcoder still. We are evolving our Topcoder platform to become the talent cloud, one that will 
enable enterprises anytime, anywhere to access top tier accredited talent from across the world. 
And at the same time, our Topcoder platform will provide the individual talents with the “world of 
options”. Similar big plans in the area of artificial intelligence to today, we employ more than 40,000 
trained professionals in AI. Over the last few months, we have built a workforce of 7,500 specialists 
in the cybersecurity area. We call them CyberSecurists, who not only bring in cyber technical 
expertise but are subject matter experts in industry leading vendor solutions. Tony Buffomante – 
our cybersecurity leader will join us shortly to talk more about this. 
And as you will know, every industry, including our customers are facing high employee churn and 
attrition. Wipro acknowledge this new talent reality and we've adapted quickly to the new world of 
work. In a demand driven environment, our ability to build talent will become a differentiator. We 
have invested in freshers intake. During the quarter results, we announced that we plan to add 
over 25,000 to 30,000. freshers in the next financial year as well. But employee engagement and 
experience, rewards and recognition and rescaling opportunities will remain central to this plan. 
Saurabh will share more on this.  
It will be amiss to say that our company's purpose and values render us well in the eyes of our 
employees. Our deep resolve to improve the communities we live, and working is really 
appreciated by our employees that differentiates us and something I'm very proud of. Rishad spoke 
about earlier today, too. We are committed towards creating and reaching carriers for every one 
of our employees.  
Now, let me take a boat here to give you a view of how we have transformed ourselves into a 
nimbler organization. As you know, last year, we had promised to simplify our business structure 
into four market facing P&Ls and two global business lines. What drove this massive organization 
change in three months’ time, and this new structure went live in January 2021. Well, 10 months 
later, I'm pleased with the way the model has shaped up and the stability it has provided. I'm 
encouraged to see how our employees have also embraced it too. The simplification has resulted 
in a strong focus on growth, client centricity and in agile ways of working. This has, for example, 
been demonstrated in our strong CSAT ratings. The reduced number of P&Ls have in fact, 
increased collaboration, and productivity. We are also relentlessly driving a cultural transformation, 
with great attention and sponsorship from Rishad and myself. We want to build an organization 
that not only focuses on skills and capabilities, but one that is bold, modern, one that drives a high-
performance mindset, nurtures diverse ideas, and teams. That's a winning culture.  
And another element of our simplified operating model is about driving delivery excellence. Core 
to this is our focus on workforce transformation, program management, and the new ways of 
working that is enabled by our 4M framework, which is model, method, machinery, and mindset. 
Model is about driving a global, distributed and boundary less ways of working. Method is about 
agile and no-shore. Machinery is all about leveraging our AI and automation assets such as 
HOLMES, and digital rigs. And finally, Mindset, which is about problem discovery, customer 
intimacy, constant learning. As part of this transformation journey, we believe organization change 
management is a critical attraction. So, we have built a world class change management team that 
is at the forefront of driving change management and transformation for our priority initiatives. The 
charter of this team is to institutionalize organization change management as a strategic asset. 
The focus is to drive effective engagement, communication, training, coaching, developing vibrant 
communities, fostering new ways of working and implementing best in class frameworks and tools 
that actually drive change impact and readiness. We've also created a post-merger integration 
team- a much needed investment commensurate with our M&A aspirations. 
 
Lastly, we're investing significantly in scalable internal systems to drive efficiency and productivity. 
We have incrementally invested 0.3% of our revenues into process and IT transformation, driving 
automation, security and simplicity across processes. And this will continue into the year ahead. 
What I have said so far comes from my pride enough what we've achieved so far, but I'm that 

wipro.com 
much more excited about the current market opportunity. We see a strong market in the near and 
medium term. The pandemic has definitely accelerated transformation timelines, digital 
technologies, such as AI, big data, IoT, cyber and cloud, obviously remain at the heart of this. Our 
clients are in different stages in that transformation spectrum. Digital Natives are looking at scaling 
their digital products and platforms, while digital transformers are looking at laying the foundation 
and developing internal capabilities in order to accelerate that journey. Digital beginners are 
looking to optimize the current state. It's fair to say that cloud adoption is at the core of almost all 
IT transformation initiatives. And our clients have been turning to us for help with this. Cloud Data, 
AI, cyber and engineering will continue to remain top of the agenda for our clients. And therefore, 
for us, the demand for these transformative technologies will continue to be robust in the years 
ahead, and we'll swing to being more supply driven.  
And while the technology landscape evolves, Talent will continue to be the hottest currency 
compensation will no longer alone attract talent. Employees want to work for companies that serve 
a larger purpose beyond revenues. They look for commitment towards the environment and social 
responsibility.  
While we're proud of what we've achieved so far, we still have work cut out ahead of us. I will close 
by sharing with you our priorities for the next 12 months. 
1. 
Firstly, we will continue to accelerate our momentum and our ambitions through our 
continued focus on clients. Our growth will come from large deals, and by expanding our 
market share of more than $200 and $300 million accounts.  
2. 
Second, talent will remain a strategy priority for us, we will continue to focus on attracting 
and retaining the best talent in the industry. We are absolutely committed to providing a 
great employee experience. We are ready for the “Future of Work” and we are ready to 
invest in the carriers of our colleagues, whether through engagement and community 
building, rescaling opportunities, or our rewards and recognition programs.  
3. 
Third, we will continue to invest in building capabilities and solutions across growth 
hotspot, light cloud data, AI, cybersecurity engineering, so as to become the orchestrators 
that drive transformation for customers. 
4. 
And finally, we will continue to invest, refresh, renew and scale our portfolio of services 
to drive greater value. When combined with operational excellence, driving profitability 
stays a priority.  
I do want to close here but I want to say that we are very focused on building a winning culture 
and running our business with a larger purpose. We want to take bold steps make firm decisions 
adapt quickly and help make the world around us a better place. And as we work this journey, 
thank you for your support. 
Lance Levy: 
Hi, I'm Lance CEO of CAPCO. I'm incredibly excited to be here today with anger to talk about 
Wipro’s financial services business, and more specifically, the union of Capco and Wipro. Let me 
ask Angan to say a few words of introduction. 
Angan Guha: 
Hi, I'm Angan Guha, and I lead the Americas business. 
Lance Levy: 
I'd like to start by setting the scene and describe what we see as the developments and buying 
patterns in the financial services industry. We strongly believe that the new combination of Wipro 
and Capco in our financial services business is absolutely and clearly aligned to the transformation 
that is underway and accelerating in our industry. You all know how financial institutions are 
adapting fast, not only to meet new challenges after the past 18 months, but now also to become 
permanently more agile and flexible to meet the needs of more sophisticated customers. Agile 
financial services businesses that can move quickly and stay close to their customers will prove 
resilient. Resilient not only to changing customer needs, but also market disruption, our customers 
are moving quickly to fend off new entrants. In the face of this industry transformation, Capco is 
extremely well positioned to assist. The demand we're receiving for our services at Capco, and for 
our combined services is strong evidence of how well we are positioned in this market. In Capco, 
we have delivered eight consecutive quarters of growth. And we believe we've grown at almost 
twice the rate of our competition. And now, together with Wipro, our joint alignment to the market, 
and our clients’ specific needs, is amplified with Capco leading Wipro, US presence in the financial 
services market. We are now perfectly positioned to offer a new at scale partner to the world's 
largest institutions, to firstly advise on strategy and identify disruption and challenges through deep 
domain expertise, and secondly, to design and implement rapid and relevant solutions for our 

wipro.com 
customers. Capco together with Wipro Financial Services is a new powerful services provider to 
help customers enable change in meaningful ways to create resilience. At this time of exponential 
change, those who move fastest and those who are the most agile will win. We believe their awards 
will go to the brave and we want our clients in partnership with Capco and Wipro financial services 
to win. So given the dislocation in the FS market, the rationale for the Wipro-Capco union is clear. 
Clients are asking for more, more advice, more domain expertise, and for partners who are able 
to advise design and implement their futures. Partners who share their vision for a transformed 
industry. Capco and Wipro financial services are moving rapidly and successfully. To be able to 
offer this type of partnership to our extensive portfolio of global clients. Together, we are moving 
rapidly to offer holistic transformational services powered by innovative technology and capabilities 
at scale. Capco helps the biggest financial services institutions to solve their most complex 
challenges. We've delivered standalone digital banks from scratch. We've created flexible and 
scalable global change functions. We've advised on the most challenging issues and built industry 
leading wealth platforms. Wipro brings extensive and deep it and technical capabilities and know 
how at scale. 
 
Together, we now will deliver meaningful transformation through integrated scaled solutions from 
ideation all the way through to execution. Our clients have responded, and we have together won 
significant business, in some cases meaningful and large-scale digital transformations. You will 
hear today from Angan about some of these deals. It’s important to also mention Wipro and Capco 
goes shared values, and principles, our cultures differ. However, we found more similarity than 
differences since coming together. And this is proving to be a very strong foundation for future 
success. Ultimately, bringing together two different yet complementary ways of thinking will help 
us deliver better value, competitive advantage, and greater agility for our clients. Quite simply, 
together, Wipro plus Capco brings a trusted partner to the financial services industry. For us, the 
strategy therefore is simple, and we will execute it. With Capco spearheading demand, we are 
building a highly responsive client centric financial services organization. And by so doing, creating 
a new challenger in the transformational services market in financial services. Our combined global 
scale will allow us to adapt quickly while providing trusted delivery certainty for our clients. 
Together, we're a financial services business approaching $4 billion in annual revenues with more 
than 9,000 Consulting professionals with deep financial services domain knowledge. In partnership 
with Wipro as Capco, we are now equipped to offer more comprehensive solutions for our clients, 
thereby reducing complexity and offering a Capco lead, domain rich Innovation and 
Implementation to our clients. Finally, and what will never change is our passion for the FS industry, 
our energy and ambition and our commitment to put our clients at the heart of all our solutions to 
always deliver the very best outcomes. Of course, in bringing our businesses together, we've been 
very careful to ensure the continuation of Capco as an independent brand and business. I will 
continue to lead the Capco business. And we will work together with Wipro to not only seek 
immediate client and business synergies, but also to create a very strong connection between the 
businesses. We've worked so far hard to design and implement a system whereby we are 
collaborating through a very disciplined and structured go to market together. We intend in the 
near future, to deepen the connection between the organization's with Capco leading the 
relationships with our largest shared financial services clients to continue to position the combined 
businesses as a market challenger. Now at scale, Angan will now explain how we are working 
together right now, and also give you some of the examples of the deals and wins that we've 
achieved during the past six months. Over to you Angan. 
Angan Guha:  
Thank you, Lance. I will now talk to you a little bit about our shared go to market approach led by 
our combined strength in financial services, leveraging the power of our union, we've created a 
strategic focused go to market approach across all our clients. We have categorized our clients 
into four distinct segments accounts where Wipro is strong, accounts where Capco is strong, 
accounts where both have reasonable presence and finally the hunting accounts. We've defined 
a common vision to serve our clients transformation objective in the best way by bringing our 
complimentary capabilities to bear. Together we are running industry campaigns that showcase 
our joint capabilities in areas such as core modernization, payments, risk and regulatory 
compliance, sustainability, Operation resilience to name a few. Some of the transformational value 
propositions include data, cyber, cloud, and customer experience. Now all the of the above is 
structured as a program with strong governance structure in place to oversee and manage our 
sales approach and activities with great discipline. As you've seen from our performance over the 
past couple of quarters, we've delivered market leading growth and improving our wallet share in 
the financial services sector. A clear sign of our shared success has been the fact that we've been 
able to win deals which we would have not won as individual companies. Capco’s deep industry 
expertise is helping us compete better in accounts where Wipro is doing well. Similarly, Wipro 
transformation services capability is helping us win large consulting end to end transformation 
deals and accounts where Capco is doing very well. Our deal conversion rates have improved, 

wipro.com 
and our pipeline is at an all-time high. In the first six months of this union, we've jointly won 22 
deals in 15 clients globally. On top of this, we've got another 45 strategic deals across 20 clients. 
Our clients are seeing tremendous value in Wipro-Capco serving them jointly, which resonates 
well with our original rationale at the time of the acquisition.  
Now to add some color to the success that we have created, let me walk you through some shared 
wins that we have had. Our first shared when represented here is with a tier one US headquartered 
bank, where we implemented Salesforce on cloud. Our clients was looking for a partner with 
business and technology experience across customer originations as well as the sales channels. 
We were able to bring this deal home by leveraging existing Capco experience and strong 
relationships in the clients retail portfolio, equally Wipro’s Salesforce accelerators and experience 
in doing similar kinds of work with other clients. Our second shared win is with the US fortune 500 
financial services institution offering wide range of financial products and services. Here again, our 
client was looking for a partner to drive automation, better end to end user experience, faster 
implementation timeline, and reduce deployment cost. We were able to get this deal done by 
bringing in great domain capability in functional areas, and that complemented by our expertise 
and automation, workflow, tools and outcome-based approach won the deal for us. Our third 
shared win is a leading French online Private Bank, which mandated us to build a new bank on 
the cloud. Our client wanted a partner who could help implement new ways of working, train the 
client organization to be more agile and build a new digital bank. 
 
Again, with our unique combination of capital's consulting capabilities and digital banking executive 
relationship, coupled with Wipro’s expertise in building, cloud native digital bank in a box played a 
huge part in securing this win. Our fourth shared win is with a global wealth investment banking 
firm, where we were mandated to drive transformation of their finance function. The client here 
was looking for a partner who could drive business transformation, with focus on delivering 
operational efficiency and reducing regulatory beat breaches. In this case, again, both Wipro’s 
long-standing relationship, strong technical capability, and the ability to drive end to end 
transformation, coupled with Capco’s deep understanding of the client's treasury and product 
control function help us winning this deal. I hope between Lance and I, we've been able to give 
you a good view on how we have progressed in our financial services business over the past six 
months happy to take questions. 
 
Rajan Kohli: 
Hi, I'm Rajan and I'm here today with Stephanie to talk through how we are helping companies 
achieve resilient business outcomes as they undertake their transformation journeys. 12 months 
ago, I spoke about our commitment to deliver industry relevant business solutions. Our simplified 
organization and integration of consulting and technology practices has strengthened our ability to 
construct these solutions effectively and at scale. All this in context of increasingly accelerated and 
ambitious client agendas. Having to work from home, sell digitally and operate remotely has 
challenged long standing norms in client organization about how they operate and how value is 
created. And this has undeniably expedited digital agendas for our clients along two broad 
journeys. And hence, these two focus areas for Wipro. One area where we focus on building and 
scaling of future ready and cost efficient it. And the second area where we focus on organizations 
where business leaders are fundamentally revisiting and rethinking how they create value in the 
future. Based on Industry Research, 55% of cloud services spend by 2024 will be driven by 
organizations seeking to innovate and thrive in Cloud as against 45% by those who are looking to 
cloud just for efficiency. Those innovative organizations are essentially seeking to build new 
business services that tap into the ecosystem economy. We are ideally positioned to help these 
clients identify and realize new ways to operate and compete through our integrated domain and 
technology capability. To give you an example of this, we are currently building an end-to-end 
banking and services platform with one of our cloud service providers for a commercial bank with 
a big ambition. Together, we are creating a new digital relationship bank for the client and blending 
cloud and financial services ecosystem technologies so that our client can reach and serve certain 
banking segments in completely new ways. In this example, and many of those clients need 
Wipro’s end to end capability, and our assets to manage complexity of navigating up and down 
and across many different business domains, technology platforms and their multiple partners to 
orchestrate value and deliver business outcomes. And as companies build new products and 
services on Cloud, they need to constantly deploy new functionality for the end customers and 
distributors and employees, as fast as any FinTech firm or health tech firm out there. This means 
working in a persistent thinking and doing cycle. As we see organizations seeking to operate and 
innovate in new connected ways, we are partnering beyond just delivery of programs to focus on 
partnering our clients to deliver business outcomes. Our think act do model underpins how we 
organize as business partners for our clients. Here, we build longer term relationships with 
customers and tightly aligned visions and outcomes structured through a highly governed and co-

wipro.com 
managed engagement process. In this construct, our role is more akin to a co platform owner or a 
business partner as we bring not only a capability to bear, but work on skin in the game commercial 
models to make business thrive. All this requires a concentrated and unified effort across all of the 
Wipro capabilities and expertise. And this is one key driver behind the launch of the Wipro full 
stride services. Stephanie will talk in more detail about it.  
Let me briefly tell you how that focus comes to life for our clients through our cloud studios. Our 
cloud studios have been a strong differentiator for us over the years. Through Wipro full stride 
cloud, we have evolved the studios beyond cloud for efficiency to clients who want to exploit cloud 
for capability. And we are seeking business solutions on cloud. We have aggregated our business 
and technology expertise, IPS and cloud ecosystem under one umbrella 75,000 Wipro cloud 
professionals and 10,000 certified Wipro cloud partner experts are now aligned across 11 Studios, 
ranging from London to Sydney to Dallas. As organizations seek to operate and grow in new ways 
to cloud, we have identified teams aligned with core transform needs in each of the key sectors 
we operate in. 
Together with our cloud services and industry platform partners, we are building industry specific 
and resilient solution stacks that leverage the combination of weapons IP, domain and technology 
expertise to orchestrate value in new ways for our customers. It is this tight coupling with partners 
and clients and end to end capability that has enabled us over the last year to add to the Wipro 
client community. The first example is of a retail client in our consumer portfolio, where we have 
signed a deal to become a strategic digital and it partner. Our role here is to create a future proof 
digital foundation for the business. And this transformation program encompasses everything from 
cloud data center services, workplace and network services, along with application development 
and operations. As a strategic transformation partner, we are building the enablers for growth at 
this time as establishing the digital foundation of a new leaner IT operating model. A second 
example I would like to take is a global telecom company that recently awarded Wipro a large 
contract to define and build completely new operations on Cloud. They want to realize superior 
customer expertise and grow in the b2b and b2c market segments. As we orchestrate this new 
telco cloud stack alongside our cloud services partner. We are also bringing together our telco 
domain experts, 5g engineers, and data and AI expertise in one tight collaboration. In this instance, 
we are bringing together 10 Plus product partners and our cloud service partner to jointly realize 
this business transformation program. I will now request Stephanie to take us through the rest of 
this presentation. 
 
Stephanie Trautman: 
As you can see from the examples Rajan just mentioned, clients need a partner that can bring the 
right capability, deep industry knowledge and well-orchestrated partnerships to help them truly 
realize the business potential of technology. We've always been a long-standing cloud services 
pioneer this year, though we've launched Wipro Full Stride Cloud Services to take full advantage 
of our “One Wipro” capability. As we couple our Wipro and Capco industry and consulting expertise 
with the right mix of services, including engineering, applications, infrastructure, data and security 
just to name a few, in a seamless fashion, we ambitiously build deeper relationships with our clients 
and our partners. Full Stride is the engine that brings all of that together, Wipro services, our cloud 
partners and our industry platforms in one place to help our clients thrive no matter where they are 
on their cloud journeys. To do this, we've aligned our investments across marketing, sales, delivery 
and partnerships. And as you can see, the market is taking note, you've most likely seen the Full 
Stride press release, the follow-on media and the recognition of Wipro by the analyst who placed 
Wipro as a leader in Cloud. We were excited to launch Full Stride, making sure our clients and our 
partners were aware of the breadth and depth of Wipro’s capabilities, the hyper personalization 
and our solutions, and our commitment to continue to invest significantly in cloud. What we've 
appreciated most is the recognition from our clients who continuously trust us to help them 
orchestrate their critical and complex cloud and digital journeys. To fully orchestrate the seamless 
delivery of FullStride cloud services and the promise of the digital enterprise with our clients, our 
new formation has an impactful role to play. We align our capability under one global structure, 
and our Wipro fabric means that our capability is closer to our clients through our four delivery 
hubs. Our 4M framework brings the best of our automation tools and assets together to 
continuously tighten the intersections through a model, method, machinery, and mindset 
framework. It means we can quickly and effectively assemble and coordinate the right expertise, 
and it enables us to orchestrate and integrate solutions efficiently. This handle on efficiency and 
quality is crucial in today's demanding market. Our ambition is to be the top choice for our cloud 
services providers and to engage with them to deliver on the promise of cloud. Today, they're often 
in the forefront of the discussions with our clients. So, as we look ahead, we're shifting the 

wipro.com 
traditional alliances model to a business plan approach, where with our partners, we can jointly 
develop sector specific and highly personalized solutions for our clients and under the global 
ecosystems and partnerships. While we focus on the CSPs, we also bring together the appropriate 
broader ecosystem of partners needed to address our clients core challenges. Our industry 
expertise found in Wipro and Capco aligns with the strategic direction of our ecosystem partners, 
allowing us to prioritize specific industry solutions and build new underlying business architectures, 
which are leaner and more innovative than today. For example, our teams working with one partner 
to realize the new benefits leveraging the combined power of digital twins, AI, and cloud to 
completely rethink and create new value streams for certain key sectors. In a second example, 
one ecosystem partnership involved Wipro, a cloud services provider, and an ERP partner. And 
we've streamlined the lead to lead to cash workflow for a major e-commerce multinational. And 
we've enabled a substantially leaner, lower cost operating model and innovated the underlying 
operations of the business. This is the promise of full stride. In July, we announced a billion-dollar 
investment in full stride cloud services over the next three years. This more holistic approach to 
what we invest and how we invest it to stay ahead of the market. And it allows us to focus our 
people, assets, and capital around the core needs of customers as they seek to thrive and cloud. 
This approach includes investing in skills, assets, and delivery, much as we've done today with the 
cloud studio, but it's more as we deepen our partnerships with our partners. They too are investing 
in us and with us, including joint training and upskilling initiatives to scale the talent in key areas 
and key markets, but equally important co investments to create joint industry cloud solutions and 
solve very specific client challenges. We're doing all of this under a tight governance process that 
guides our decisions and optimizes the value of our investment decisions. It's through these careful 
investment choices and focus on value orchestration, that we've grown cloud at two times the 
Wipro growth rate in the past 24 months. And our confidence is that we will retain and accelerate 
this pace in the future as well. And as we look ahead, the investments I've just described will enable 
us to do more of the exciting work Rajan and I have described for you today. It's this kind of work 
and the investments we are making that excites our people to innovate, attract great talent to Wipro 
and actively engages our partners. Together, we can help our clients’ businesses thrive. With that 
thank you from the both of us and please stay well 
Subha Tatavarti: 
Hello, everyone, I'm Subha Tatavarti, I joined Wipro as the Chief Technology Officer earlier this 
year. The office of the CTO has one clear goal to enhance Wipro's position as a dominant 
technology player into the future, generating value and fueling growth for our customers. This is a 
key part of our effort to build a bold tomorrow for Wipro and our clients. This office of the CTO is 
focused on trends and technologies that will be top priority for enterprises in the next three to five 
years. So how do we plan to do this? We believe building the right competencies earns us the right 
to play and gets us that seat at the table. New capabilities in emerging areas and a customer 
centric approach gives us right to win in the marketplace. The office of the CTO is working on 
strategies to build industry leadership position in the chosen technology areas for the three-to-five-
year horizon. These strategies include incubating and growing new practices and building unique 
assets and platforms that our customers will benefit from. Our R&D teams are focused on 
developing key technologies to enhance our strategic positioning in the longer term. Adoption of 
new technologies has been an indicator of human progress. To understand what technologies will 
see wider adoption, we need to look at the human context of the era. The past century was about 
meeting basic human needs, improving productivity and the quality of life. Enterprises focused on 
time and labor-saving products, exploiting the technologies of the era. In the last two decades, we 
turned our attention to digital connectivity that helped us overcome physical distances and to 
democratization of information which made the world's knowledge accessible to everyone. 
Enterprises are created and participated in digital marketplaces and communities where people 
were able to connect, communicate, transact, buy, and sell goods and services. The Internet, 
cloud, IoT and mobile had been the drivers of this era. We believe the decade we are in will be 
about addressing the need for exploration of individual potential and awareness of one's footprint. 
We call it the Rise of the Individual. In this decade, the devices and not people will be the main 
users of connectivity enterprises will focus on connected devices, digital products, and services 
targeted towards an individual that are personalized, empowering, and adaptive. Technologies like 
AI, mixed reality matters, blockchain and tokenization that provide necessary capabilities to build 
such products and services. While technologies like multi cloud edge computing, 5G, 6G, and 
network slicing will provide the infrastructure capabilities needed to deliver them to anyone on the 
planet. We found that current technologies and trends evolving to support the rise of the individual 
are in a number of different ways. ubiquitous connectivity now allows everyone and all things to 
connect with one another, regardless of space and time constraints. We have more devices 
connected to the internet today than people and this number is expected to go up in the next five 
years. From 13.8 billion now to as many as 30 billion by 2025. Digitalization of data and emergence 
of tools to harness it are making enterprises information rich, inexpensive compute, and abundant 
storage are making it possible to store and manipulate this data at a granular level. 

wipro.com 
 
This is also enabling the use of AI and machine learning algorithms to extract insights, sense 
situations and make autonomous decisions in near real time. It is in time enabling concepts like 
aim ambient experience, where technology will follow you, as opposed to you trying to access it. 
Technology technologies like blockchain, distributed Ledger's and tokenization are helping build 
trust and privacy into systems. This will drive further decentralization and democratization. 
Increasing capabilities of computing systems will necessitate us to go beyond the current security 
and trust paradigm and explore technologies like quantum safe cryptography and homomorphic 
encryption. These technology drivers are collectively influencing the drive towards what we call the 
intelligence technologies. Move towards flexible workforce practices during pandemic has given 
workers who we who were once tethered to their offices and ability to work from home or from 
anywhere across the world. This trend will continue changing our preferences from traditional 
methods into a far more efficient, collaborative system of accessing and deploying talent. 
Intelligence technologies are also helping us address the issue of sustainability in a comprehensive 
way and enable the transformation of environmentally responsible businesses into sustainable 
businesses. So how are we building new capabilities around intelligence technologies? We will 
focus on five key areas to address these emerging technology and enterprise needs, necessitated 
by the rise of the individual. We will evolve our top quarter crowdsourcing platform to become the 
talent cloud that will enable enterprises anytime, anywhere, anyhow, access to top tier accredited 
talent from across the world and provide the individual with the world of options at the same time. 
We will create a foundation to build atomic systems that are context aware and can handle tasks 
in an automated manner, intelligently adapting to new situations they have not encountered or 
trained for before. Such capabilities will help enterprises efficiently and effectively address the 
needs of an individual at a global scale. The systems we will be investing in today and in the future 
will have enterprises, individuals, machines, and devices interact and transact physically and 
digitally in a seamless manner. We are developing capabilities to address challenges of scale, 
performance, reliability, security, privacy, amongst others, that enterprises will need to address in 
order to enable these interactions with digital and connected physical products. As technologies, 
supporting network virtualization and disaggregation mature, we will have tools to develop 
networks that are intelligent, dynamic, and responsive to the needs of applications and services 
that are using them. With investments in development of assets and capabilities in this area, we 
are preparing to help enterprises build new generation of responsive digital services. And most 
importantly, it is important to secure and build trust in everything we do, digital or physical. We will 
invest in developing competencies, assets and capabilities that will help establish this trust across 
ecosystem through management of identities, reputation, privacy, and data security. With our 
investments in these five strategic areas, we believe that we will be prepared to help our customers 
compete better and drive hypergrowth Thank you. 
Saurabh Govil:  
Hello everyone. I hope you and your families have been keeping well and safe. It feels great to 
connect. And I'm confident that we shall soon be able to meet in person as well. I'm thankful for 
this opportunity to share with you our talent strategy as we accelerate a talent journey. Let's reflect 
a bit on the past year and a half. Our industry has witnessed several challenges, labor markets 
have changed. Companies have gone public stating their commitment to new ways of working 
employee employer relationships has undergone changes and so on. At Wipro, we move to the 
new operating model, reduce layers, built efficiency, and created an AI organization. I will share 
three trends that we believe are shaping the narrative for industry as we move into 2022 and 
beyond. First is changing client expectations. Clients globally are on a committed path of digital 
and business transformation. Reality is that growth will be driven by next gen technologies. Shifts 
in client expectation implies an increase in demand for certain capabilities and skills while 
sunsetting legacy skills and capabilities. Second, high demand environment. The changing profile 
of demand combined with the high demand environment necessitates the need to transform the 
talent strategy. Demand for talent outstrips the supply at this point. And the situation is likely to 
continue unless we think innovatively and disruptively. And the third trend is the changing 
employee expectation. We are in the era of the great resignation. The pandemic has changed the 
way people think about their priorities. Employees are likely to align with the employers that value 
flexibility, wellbeing, commitment to society and our interest. If clearly the pendulum is shifting, 
employee preferences have changed, and for good, our strategy aims to address each of these 
strengths, while being firmly anchored in our values and strategic priorities. Our strategy reflects 
our business strategy and is anchored on four pillars. Organization transformation is the first pillar. 
It's about building the right organization with the right leaders. Our second pillar is top talent at 
scale. It's about building a strong, sustainable technical talent pipeline that will power a growth 
engine. high performance culture, the third pillar is focused on driving a high-performance culture 
through continuous process and systemic changes. While the fourth pillar of our talent strategy 
hybrid is about providing flexibility, and control to employees, while anchoring them firmly to the 
Wipro values and culture. Organizational Transformation is the most important aspect of the talent 
equation. We are deeply committed to building the right type of leadership that is diverse, global, 

wipro.com 
and closer to our customers. We have hired some exceptional leaders who bring in these diverse 
perspectives as we power innovation and growth. For us, markets are the epicenter in the four 
primary panels supported by the two GBLs in line with our operating model. Our leadership is now 
closer to our customers with 60% of our senior leadership in overseas locations. Hiring has been 
primarily for market facing roles such as GAE and Country Heads. We are committed to create an 
inclusive and diverse organization. In the past 15 months, ethnic diversity has increased by 15%. 
And gender diversity has increased by 40% amongst leadership. On top talent at scale, as I spoke 
about it, the labor markets have changed, and we believe that the one way to mitigate the attrition 
challenge is to create adequate supply along with rescaling of existing talent at Wipro. We have 
been doing both at a rapid pace campus, both technical and non-technical, continues to be an 
important aspect of a talent strategy. Fresher hiring will continue to be a strong source of talent. 
We are accelerating fresher intake across different programs to build a sustainable talent pipeline. 
Our plan is to onboard 17,000 Plus freshers in the current fiscal and 25,000 in the next year. 
engineering talent forms the core of this industry. At Wipro, we have excellent learning and 
development opportunities for fresh engineers to chart the careers. We have reimagined the 
Technical Campus hiring program with a view to enhance attractiveness and increase retention 
awards and integral part of any talent management strategy. Our refreshed rewards program for 
freshers will now include consistent salary increases via performance-based bonus and an 
increment program. This is in line with a high-performance culture. Operating design and role-
based approach provide the right impetus to individuals to take on challenging roles and chart a 
meaningful career for themselves. We have leverage technology to provide an enhanced 
onboarding experience globally and drive better efficiency. We are committed to attract, develop, 
and retain best in class talent and are moving in the right direction with a well thought out 
comprehensive strategy of building top talent at scale. A third pillar is creating a high-performance 
culture. With the strategic priorities and the new operating model. We will drive an even sharper 
focus to ensure that talented individuals find it meaningful and fulfilling to work at Wipro. Our 
strategy calls out the countries sectors and technology landscape in which we want to contribute. 
This growth ambition provides a clear line of sight in terms of roles and carriers that employees 
can take up. We have already embarked on a cultural transformation journey, which has been led 
by a chairman. Wipro values and the five habits lay the foundation for building this high-
performance culture. We continue to differentiate aggressively. While rewarding and recognizing 
top talent competitively. We have ensured sharp differentiation at all levels, which has ensured 
more promotions for top talent, stocks, both time and performance vested are integrated into total 
compensation of every senior leader. We concluded two increment cycles for our junior bands, 
and one for mid senior bands in this calendar year, and created disproportionate differentiation for 
high performance- 2x for the top talent 
And the last pillar on future of work. There are research estimates that 73% of workers want flexible 
remote work to continue. However, 67% are craving in person time with the teams and 30% of the 
employees consider switching employers if requested to return to fully on-site work. So, hybrid will 
be the future. At Wipro. We believe that coming together is an important aspect of work life, which 
inspires innovation and builds relationships, we need to construct management and employment 
models around the new normal. To ensure we deliver a superlative employee experience. I will 
highlight key principles of the Wipro’s hybrid work approach. For colleagues working from client 
sites, we will align them with the client hybrid model. For colleagues working out of the promises, 
we will adopt a one team approach, and team members working on the same project can come 
work from office on a designated days of the week, and the work remotely for the remaining days. 
Our module will be flexible to accommodate extended remote work for employees and special 
situations. We believe that this approach will help employees experience the culture build social 
capital, while providing them flexibility, and aligning to changing employee expectations. As a start, 
our leaders are leading the wave for return to work. Currently, we are having fully vaccinated 
colleagues coming to office two days a week. And the results are very encouraging. In summary, 
I would like to leave you with a few thoughts. We have been building talent at scale for decades, 
and will be relentless in our pursuit for hiring, developing, and retaining a global, diverse and 
talented workforce. Our deep understanding of the industry and the current market gives us the 
confidence that we're on the right path. As we firmly implement our talent strategy. We will continue 
to raise the bar on performance. And this will be supported by a nimble, empowered role in curry 
architecture, competitive and differentiated reward strategy, enabling a high-performance 
organization. We understand and appreciate that employee preferences have changed for the 
good and hybrid is the future. We are committed to provide a superlative and inclusive employee 
experience as we transform to a hybrid workplace. We have a strong and committed leadership 
that is leading this transformation from the front. We take inspiration and encouragement from the 
pros core purpose and values that have been the guiding light for the past 75 years. I am very 
excited on the course we have charted and enthusiastic about the future. Thank you for your time 
today. 

wipro.com 
Tony Buffomante: 
You've heard earlier in the discussion around our overall strategy for talent management at Wipro. 
I want to take a little bit deeper dive into our cybersecurity business, but we call cybersecurity by 
cybersecurists. So let me start the discussion with talking a little bit about our business imperatives 
that we see in the marketplace today. The challenges that our clients are going through, we'll talk 
a little bit about how we're addressing those challenges by building talent in our cybersecurity 
business, that components that we think makes us a well-rounded cyber practitioner. And I'll tell 
you how we get there. How do we work through not only the acquisition, the development, but also 
the retention of that talent in our business as well, then we'll finish with some key outcomes. So if 
we jump right into what are our clients dealing with today, I think what we've seen in the 
marketplace is a pace of change, like none other how dynamic the threat landscape has become, 
with nation state actors, right, with organized criminals, trying to infiltrate businesses and 
organizations alike. That's on one side of the equation. The other side of the equation is post 
pandemic; organizations are trying to get closer to their customers. They're trying to do more self-
service, right? They're trying to automate their processes, trying to take advantage of new 
technologies. These things all have a cybersecurity impact. And so, we have to play this balancing 
act between helping our clients enable their growth, and defending their operations from the bad 
actors. And so, whether it's implementation of emerging tech, the movement to cloud, right, trying 
to deal with a new regulatory landscape, all putting those pieces together, in a cost optimize away 
is what's really critical for us to help support our clients on their business journey. So, what we've 
done at Wipro, is continue to invest not only in talent, but also automation, to be able to, to create 
the next generation security solutions for clients, things that are not only going to help them today, 
but also as they change their processes tomorrow. 
 
So, let's talk about what those skills are. We think about cybersecurity practitioners, each and 
every day, working through not only defending those operations, but trying to help our clients 
achieve their strategy, their business objectives. It's a combination of things. And I'll tell you, it's 
an uncommon combination of things. Typically, when you think about cybersecurity practitioners, 
you think, deep technical skills, right? You think about hands on keyboards, you think about coding 
keystrokes, and so forth. I'm here to tell you at Wipro, we believe cybersecurity by cybersecurists. 
It's encompasses a whole broad range of capabilities on our teams and our practitioners. And it 
really starts with business acumen, understanding what those business strategies are, what those 
processes are, that are so critical to moving the organization forward and applying an industry-
based lens onto those processes. Right, you think about highly regulated businesses like banking, 
financial services, healthcare, energy, and like, those all have very specific regulatory ramifications 
for cybersecurity, we need to be able to make sure that those are embedded into our solutions 
each and every day as we help our clients, certainly the functional expertise, but other things like 
identity management, right things like monitoring, things like data security, all of those deep 
functional cyber areas are critical. Couple that with the technical expertise of running the tools, 
developing the tools. And in fact, not only running our own tools, but also working with alliance 
partners as well, right getting certified on those vendor solutions that we're helping implement in a 
client's environment to either mitigate or monitor those risks. And we think it's critical to make sure 
that all of our practitioners understand the higher purpose of the work they do. So, this is about 
giving back to the cyber community and things like open-source sharing. And it's also about helping 
clients and the communities that baser make their organizations safer, and ultimately, their 
customers as well. So, these are all aspects of what we call cybersecurity by cybersecurists. And 
so how do we get there, right? But look at the top stage of the of the ladder here. You think about 
senior talent acquisition, and you've certainly also seen some inorganic movement from Wipro 
over the last 18 to 24 months. That's critical for us to bring in new talent to the organization, right. 
Lateral specialist hiring as well. We continue at all levels of the organization to bring in talent from 
the likes of organizations, people in industry, you know, people that come from Big Four, Big Six 
backgrounds, people that are ex chief information security officers, it's critical to be able to combine 
that expertise to have a holistic team that can solve our clients’ problems. But think about freshers. 
You've heard earlier about what a big part of our strategy that is making sure that we continue to 
build and grow on the talent off the campuses around the globe. critically important for us. We'll 
touch on that in just a second when we get into our fresher boot camps, walk you through that in 
detail. But also tell you doesn't end there. This is about experienced higher training as well helping 
people grow in their career to the L one L two L three levels of their competency and making sure 
they continue to move up our career architecture. And then it's including certification programs, 
you can imagine things like cloud security, all the hyper scalar certifications, different vendor 
certifications are things like identity management, and monitoring, and data sec, these are all 
critical for making sure that our folks continue to stay on the forefront of not only where technology 
is today, but where it's going tomorrow. 
 
And this all comes together from a career architecture standpoint, learning development programs, 
step by step programs that help folks grow not only from a technical skill perspective, but what I 

wipro.com 
call a human skill perspective. How do they continue to build those relationships? build that 
business acumen? Right? Understand, you know, how to make sure that we can meet and exceed 
our clients’ requirements, the right way, each and every day. Now, let me walk you through our 
freshman boot camp program that I mentioned earlier. This is a recently revised six-week program 
that helps organizations as soon as they get off the campus start to build those technical and 
human skills that are going to help them throughout the arc of their career. Right. It starts with 
week one with an intense campus to corporate program learning, the Wipro culture, right starting 
to understand the five habits of understanding organizational dynamics and how we work with 
clients each and every day that blends into consulting one on one course, where we under how do 
we gather requirements from a client? How do we understand their pain points, their issues? How 
do we make sure that we are able to articulate the value proposition that our clients are looking for 
whether that's helping them bring new clients to market, new products to market, whether that's 
new services that they want to bring M&A perspective, whether it's cost that they want to take out 
of the organization, all of these things? We pull the other to make sure that folks understand how 
do I link the cyber implications of this, back to that business aspect that we talked about earlier? 
You know, certainly the security domains, right? We talked about a number of those. There's very 
rigorous structure around each of these functional domains. These folks then become what we call 
Certified Information Systems, security professionals. That's a great base foundation of their 
knowledge as they continue to drive forward in their career. And then they migrate to one of our 
functional specializations. Are they going to be someone who is deep in identity and access 
management? Are they going to be deep in governance risk compliance programs. And so, we 
start to take a deeper dive training into the functions and the technical skill sets required to deliver 
on those engagements. And those include vendor certifications, I mentioned those earlier. Right? 
We have a tremendous amount of partnerships, where we're helping to make sure that our folks 
maintain certifications at the highest levels for each and every technologies that they may run 
across in their career. And then the ends and a job shadowing exercises, right, where they can get 
real world experience of how these engagements go each and every day, the interview process, 
the documentation process, how we gather requirements, how we code, how we implement and 
test and so forth. This all happens, part of them getting engaged and live on a client's environment. 
So you know, they can jumpstart their career incredibly quickly, when they come to Wipro and get 
on that journey to becoming cybersecurity first. I'll wrap this up by saying, you know, the pace of 
change I mentioned earlier, that our clients are going through is like nothing we have ever seen. 
And so there are clients ability to drive forward their business objectives in a world where we've 
got increased regulatory pressure, right, we've got increased threat landscape from a cyber 
perspective, right? We have the emerging technologies that come out and come at us every single 
day. And our ability to blend those two things together, takes not only methodologies, frameworks 
automation, but it takes the quality talent that we bring to our clients, cyber cybersecurity by 
cybersecurity, amen. We do that with the appropriate acquisition, development, and retention of 
those folks. We bring tremendous outcomes, not only to our clients, helping them achieve their 
objectives, and mitigate those risks along the way, but to our people, right? We give them 
meaningful work. We help them continually learn and adapt and change their skills. Right and 
ultimately, we will walk them through a career path that continues to help them grow as they 
continue in the arc of their career. So, I hope this is a helpful deep dive into how we build 
cybersecurity talent at Wipro. Thank you very much for your time and attention. 
Jatin Dalal: 
Good morning and good evening, everyone. Hope all of you are doing well and keeping safe. I'll 
be covering two aspects of our business today. One, the financial performance which ultimately 
leads to value creation. And second, our focus on ESG, which is really at the heart of all that we 
do in our business. Last year, we had spoken about four fundamental pillars of our value creation. 
First was to accelerate our growth trajectory. Second was to sustain our margins. Third was about 
cash flow generation and fourth the payout to our shareholders. I will share an update on all four 
aspects. First, let me talk about accelerating growth trajectory. We had said that will improve our 
revenue growth trajectory; it is very heartening to know that we have grown at 4% security over 
the past four quarters organically. We completed our largest ever acquisition of CAPCO, and like 
Lance and Angan covered, we are very encouraged by the early success. As a result, we 
surpassed a significant milestone of revenue run rate of $10 billion. On the second pillar of 
profitability. We are happy to report that we have sustained our margins at the pre pandemic levels, 
demonstrating excellence in the execution of our strategy. The growth is secular across all markets 
as you can see in these slides sectors and global business lines. While our top two markets of US 
and UK grew at an accelerated pace. We also note that the other priority markets in Europe, such 
as Switzerland, Benelux and Germany are gaining scale. While the growth is returning to APMEA 
moderately, we can certainly cover more ground to perform market potential. We are making 
progress in our recent investments including the acquisition of Ampion is helping our growth is well 
supported by our order book. The order booking for the last 12 months has been very robust. We 
are winning more with our strategic customers. Both engines of our growth our firing hunting and 

wipro.com 
farming are greater than 100 million customer relationship mood from a low of 11 to 15. Similarly, 
we added five more accounts in $50 million bucket. On profitability, tremendous improvement in 
many of our operating metrics is visible. Metrics such as offshore revenue mix, and utilization are 
visible in this chart. But other factors that have contributed include higher productivity in fixed price 
projects, continued effort on automation, efforts on improving price realization, building the right 
pyramid and finally, rupee depreciation. While we have remained steadfast in our efforts on 
continuous improvement in operating metrics, we are continuing to invest in our growth hotspots 
talent in our frontline sales. To give you a sense of quantum, our Q2 margins, factor 2%-2.5% of 
our revenues in these investments. They include both M&A and organic.  
As you know free cash flow has always been a very important metric for us. The gross cash on 
our balance sheet was dollar $4.3 billion and net cash on the balance sheet was $2.7 billion. This 
was at the end of Q2’22. The board will continue to look at our cash balance, evaluate the use for 
M&A, which is now more central to our growth strategy and decide the future payouts. We crossed 
$50 billion mark in our market cap. And that was really heartening. It recognizes the validation of 
our strategy and execution. And this milestone is a testimony in true sense to the relentless hard 
work passion and commitment of all Wiproites.  
As we look forward, our priorities will include as follows. Driving accelerated revenue growth, 
sustaining our margin even as we invest back in the business, rigorously converting cash, and 
finally deciding an optimal capital allocation. I would like to take a minute to discuss another priority. 
That was always important, but now gaining urgency as well. ESG is at the center of everything 
that we do. Net Zero by 2040. We will achieve this by reducing our carbon footprint drastically and 
scaling the use of renewable energy and focusing on decarbonization through our value chain. 
That brings me to the end of my presentation. Thank you very much for your patient hearing, and 
we'll take your questions after the break. 

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, 
BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is 
a leading global information 
technology, consulting and 
business process services 
company. We harness the 
power of cognitive computing, 
hyper-automation, robotics, 
cloud, analytics and emerging 
technologies to help our clients 
adapt to the digital world and 
make them successful. A 
company recognized globally 
for its comprehensive portfolio 
of services, strong commitment 
to sustainability and good 
corporate citizenship, we have 
over 220,000 dedicated 
employees serving clients 
across six continents. Together, 
we discover ideas and connect 
the dots to build a better and a 
bold new future. 
For more information, please 
write to us at info@wipro.com  
 
 
 
 
 
Public 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
