fakes
(ART
SIA)
e-assuring
MSTC LIMITED
INDIA
HT
(A Govt. of India Enterprise)
CIN : L27320WB1964GO1026211
*
MSTC/CS/SE/289
19" November, 2021
1. The Dy. Manager (Listing)
2. The Manager, Listing Department
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001.
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051
(Scrip Code: 542597)
(Scrip Code: MSTCLTD)
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors / Analysts on Monday, 15"
November,
2021 at 12:00 Noon IST. A copy of transcript of conference call held with the
Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith for your information and records.
Copy of aforesaid transcript is also hosted on company's website www. mstcindia.co.in.
Thanking you,
.475,
Yours faithfully,
4
For MST
Limited
MSTCLTD
4
(Ajay
Kumar Rai)
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
FONav'
Se
*
*
TON
Encl: as above
www.mstcindia.co.in
/ www.mstcecommerce.com
arate
: wife W. eee 18/2, art
1.175,
wRar 1a, Jerse HrerHra-700 156, 103.
Regd. Office
: Plot No. CF18/2, Street No. 175, Action Area 1C, New Town, Kolkata - 700 156 W.B.
Phone:
91-33-2340 -0000/0011/0012/0013

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“MSTC Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. DEPESH KASHYAP - EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SURINDER KUMAR GUPTA – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - MSTC LIMITED 
MS. BHANU KUMAR - DIRECTOR COMMERCIAL - MSTC 
LIMITED 
MR. SUBRATA SARKAR - DIRECTOR FINANCE - MSTC 
LIMITED 
MR. AJAY KUMAR RAI - COMPANY SECRETARY - MSTC 
LIMITED 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the MSTC Limited Q2 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities Private Limited. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Depesh Kashyap from Equirus Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Thank you Rio. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you 
all to 2Q FY2022 earnings conference call of MSTC Limited. From the management we 
have with us Mr. Surinder Kumar Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director, Ms. Bhanu 
Kumar, Director Commercial, Mr. Subrata Sarkar, Director Finance, and Mr. Ajay Kumar 
Rai, Company Secretary. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the 
management and then we can open the lines for Q&A. I now hand over the call to Mr. 
Surinder Kumar. Over to you Sir! 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Good morning everybody. You see MSTC has released second quarter result and first half 
yearly results and we have been stressing again and again company progressively shifting to 
the e-commerce model that is shown in our results. 
We have shown a growth in revenue of around more than 60% as far as the earnings from e-
commerce sector is concerned and in marketing although there is a temporary increase   in 
business because  due to pandemic few orders which was not completed in the last financial 
year were completed in the current financial year,  this  is the reason for temporary increase 
in the marketing revenues. Otherwise our complete focus is now on e-commerce where we 
have shown around 60% growth and if we talk about the profits also we are having the 
profit before tax gain more than 60%. 
Now if we talk about the further segmentation on our e-commerce we have got good growth 
in the sales figure and the revenue figures from iron ore sector, scrap sector, and e-sales 
sector. Basically all the three verticals have got very robust growth even the coal sector the 
growth is quite good and it could have been much better but in the last few months because 
of the power crisis the coal was diverted to the power sector that is why the auctions were 
slightly less. So we are hoping that as the situation eases on the power front, coal auctions 
will also get better traction. 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Only sector in e-commerce where we are not performing that good is the e- procurement 
sector where the setback is mainly because of the government focus on the government e-
market players where all the central government departments are progressively mandated to 
shift to GeM. Although we are trying to rope in private parties also and state government 
departments PSUs also are availing our e-procurement services and they are quite happy 
from that. 
So overall e-commerce is showing a good trend, year to year also and quarter to quarter and 
half yearly to half yearly also. So that is all I want to say in my opening remarks and we are 
doing quite good projects with various public sectors and the governments like one where 
recently we did for ONGC where we made a portal for all ONGC group companies for 
import and export of their petroleum product, so presently this is the phase 1 of the project 
that we have completed after seeing for a couple of months we will be doing the phase 2 for 
ONGC and other group companies. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Harshit Jain, RAH Investments. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Jain: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. My one query would be regarding our e-
commerce segment, so this quarter we have grown 10% quarter on quarter from 59 Crores 
to 65 Crores so just wanted to know whether this growth will be sustainable going forward 
in second half of financial year 2021-2022 or can we expect a jump of 10 to 15% in e-
commerce revenues over next six months? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Definitely, this growth is not basically something which is an exception; we are working so 
that this growth momentum is kept in e-commerce sector. Definitely you will see growth in 
coming quarter to quarter also. 
Harshit Jain: 
Can you provide some guidance for second half, like for the first half we did almost 125 
Crores. Can you provide the guidance for second half of this current year? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: You see we cannot give a definite figure, but definitely we are hoping and working for 
better than first half. 
Harshit Jain: 
Thank you and one more question would be regarding scrappage thing because we have 
been talking since past 12 months that we have been trying to open some more centers and 
we are expecting a big revenue but as of now we are nowhere in it and we are only 
operational on three plants so can you provide some guidance that how many plants will be 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 14 
opened by next 12 months and what is the revenue potential you guys are targeting for next 
two years? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: You see the government scrappage policy for end of life vehicles have come only recently. 
There after the policy announcements we are basically in advance stage for setting up of 
couple of more plants and there are two parts of the policy that was being envisaged in the 
beginning, one is the disincentives to own an old vehicle, the second was the incentive 
portion. So as far as the first portion of disincentive that guidelines have been issued along 
with the guidelines for setting up end of life vehicles centers those regulations have already 
been issued, further we understand central government is doing work with various state 
governments for getting the customers some incentive for selling their old vehicles, 
although we are working for setting up both centers looking for the lands and doing the 
market studies for the vehicle availability and consumption sector, industries are there, but 
still we want to be very cautious so that whatever investments we make we want it to be 
prudent investment right so the investment give us some returns, although we are moving 
cautiously but definitely we are moving ahead with the definite plan and you will be seeing 
more and more centers coming in every quarters. 
Harshit Jain: 
Okay so as of now how many centers do we have? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: We have three centers and we are in advance stage in discussion for couple of more centers. 
Harshit Jain: 
In this particular quarter we have seen a substantial jump in our employee cost, so can you 
throw some light that why do we have such increase in our employee cost for this quarter? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Last year there was some freezing of dearness allowance of the PSU employees that we are 
aware of that freezing has been done and some kind of COVID expenses related to our 
employees welfare were also there that two couple of things and normal growth increment, 
three things are added to the growth of this expenditure basically this unfreezing of dearness 
allowance and etc., that has added like that only. 
Harshit Jain: 
So this was just a one term return from next quarter onwards we will be back to our normal 
levels. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Next quarter we will see there will be a growth because the normal DA increases, normal 
increment, but this type of quantum jump is not that much envisaged as of now. 
Harshit Jain: 
So next quarter expect a 20 to 25% decrease from the current quarter? 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Our salary little bit depends upon the government policies and all so that we cannot say but 
of course we expect standing right in the month of November that it will be a normal 
quarter so far, employee expenses are concerned. It will be normal growth in the 
expenditure whatever it is due to the DA increase or normal increment. 
Harshit Jain: 
Thank you so much and just one last question. This would be regarding power trading 
business which we just started around three four months back so can your team provide 
little more guidance that how we are proceeding in it and what are the kind of revenues you 
are targeting and how can we create a market share because it is already a monopolistic 
business, monopoly by arrears so how are we doing in that front? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Right now we are doing power trading on long term and medium term and short term basis 
for central government. They have mandated us to provide a platform so that is what our 
present business as far as the power trading is concerned and we are basically weighing all 
the options and discussing with various stakeholders what are the basically possibilities in 
that direction so right now nothing definite can be said, so we will let you know as we make 
some progress. 
Harshit Jain: 
So this will not happen in financial year 2022. We can expect some revenues from financial 
year 2023? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Not in the current financial year, but we are doing basically weighing the options. We will 
let you know as soon as something material happens on this. 
Harshit Jain: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Sharma who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Raj Sharma: 
Good afternoon everybody. I have just one question regarding the regions we are making, 
so if I look at the segment wise reporting right there is one section which is unallocated and 
they have 29 Crores of loss, can you explain what exactly is that? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
In the segmental you see like our salaries and certain overheads that we cannot clearly 
distinguish and allocate between our two primary segments like trading and e-commerce 
that is why it is kept in unallocated portions so where the revenue can be segregated 
properly the expenses more or less holding, with this proper two segments. It is a practice 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 14 
that we are following for quite some time so that is why unallocated is a lost part that is the 
reason. 
Raj Sharma: 
Can you give an example where it is coming exactly from and it is continuing right? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Basically let me explain you in boarder terms, so we are tapering down this trading and 
marketing business so hopefully from next financial year and onwards there will be hardly 
anything and year onwards the segments will be heavier from our financial almost because 
it will have a miniscule income so in that case now there will be an unallocable part might 
go to this e-commerce segment because hopefully that only segment that time remains there 
if the present trend continues so then it can be allocated but basically it is salary and our 
administrative overheads that is unallocated. 
Raj Sharma: 
One more question this provisioning part, how much more provisioning is left from the 
marketing side? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
As you are aware if you are attending our concalls regularly right from the day one we were 
telling this marketing I mean trading segments was the vulnerable segment for which 
mainly the provisioning was required so we are almost on the verge and hopefully 25 to 30 
Crores odd our trade receivables are less but we do not say that the whole provisioning is 
required because on these segments also we are getting some payment, although very 
feasible amount but on a gradual way, small, small things we are getting. If at all that some 
payments does not come some it will be max to max around 24 Crores to 25 Crores, max to 
max that we are expecting standing on today in this cash and carry segment, 25 Crores to 
around 27 Crores that we are expecting standing today in the trading segment. 
Raj Sharma: 
Sir provisioning will be probably in next quarter most of the things will be provisioned and 
probably next year onwards we will have not much of provisioning left right. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
If this type of trend and the policy that the business model that right now we are adopted 
and continuing so we hope that it will be a very minuscule amount in our financial 
statement. 
Raj Sharma: 
Okay great. Thank you Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Jain RAH Investments. Please go 
ahead. 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Harshit Jain: 
I just want to know about our balance sheet component. In our balance sheet we can see our 
cash figure is somewhere close to 750 Crores, so just want to know that how we are 
utilizing the cash. Are we investing it somewhere because as of now our business model 
does not require that much cash so are we generating some kind of returns on cash and how 
are we utilizing the cash? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
If you can see that our balance sheet, we have seen that asset portion we have got certain 
liabilities also on the liability side also we have to look onto that. If you match all this 
things and if you go through our current ratio it is around one plus so this investable portion 
is not that much and you have rightly pointed as of now in a model that we have now 
adopted in our business that much of high yielding investment is not required, this year we 
have paid this final dividend, last year 44%, just now we have declared the interim dividend 
also that is being utilized, the cash is being utilized for that purpose also and after that there 
will not be much more investable surplus in the long term in our balance sheet. We have got 
certain liabilities also. We have to wait both ways. We have to look at the balance sheet in 
both ways. We have got current financial liabilities also definitely. 
Harshit Jain: 
No, because the way our business is generating cash every quarter or every six months. 
After couple of quarters maybe after four quarters more we will be generating somewhere 
around 250 Crores of more cash so I just want to know that how we are going to utilize this 
cash are we investing it somewhere. Do we generate some returns on it like 6%, 7% returns 
annually? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
You are absolutely right. With this projections and this profitability certainly we will be 
having cash and all, of course then once the cash is in our balance sheet it is our internal and 
internally we will decide and speak and decide if investable surplus exists, we will look at 
the opportunities for the investor. Of course some portion will also go back to the dividend 
because 30% of the cash as per our policy, 5% of the networth minimum dividend that has 
to go so that portion will go up and other things we will be keeping there so we will of 
course formulate the strategy as we have right pointed out that there will be cash balances 
coming in the coming quarter with this profit range. 
Harshit Jain: 
One more thing regarding Standard Chartered Bank case which we just lost and I was 
checking the notification given by your company on exchange so do we expect some kind 
of cash flow from our company or just the property attached will suffice the same. 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: You know two things up there. It has already been clarified and that we have gone for an 
appeal and we have filed writ petition with Honorable High Court of Bombay also, if at all 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 14 
some kind of order from the court. We will not pay as per the order. If at all some kind of 
order as per the act DRP Act and this relevant act comes out obviously we will have to pay 
and deposit certain amount with the court that has been declared in our financial statement 
so we will deposit that money with the court order, so right now we are awaiting the order 
of Honorable High Court of Mumbai what comes next, so once it finds we will of course 
follow the order of the Honorable Court. 
Harshit Jain: 
So I was checking that if in case the worst case scenario, if we lose the appeal and if we lose 
the case so the properties attached are residential and commercial flats in Calcutta and 
Mumbai will that suffice the amount of 143 Crores as per Standard Chartered Bank or do 
we need to pay some cash to them? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: It is a very, very contingent thing. First whether we will lose or not lose it is yet to be 
decided by the court number one. Number two what amount it will face that is also very 
contingent. We will keep on updating you people as and when the things happen we will 
immediately let it know to the exchange and through the concall we will keep on updating 
you. It is both our contingent the outcome of the case as well as the outcome of the auction, 
if at all it happens. 
Harshit Jain: 
Thank you and just the last question coming on the segmental revenue and segmental profit. 
If we check our consolidated number under others unallocated we have been showing 
continuous losses of 20 Crores plus every quarter so can you throw some light and explain 
that why we are showing such big loses under unallocated category? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
You have rightly pointed out basically if you follow our financial statement from day one 
you can see that from some expenses that cannot be allocated properly to our marketing and 
to our e-commerce like our salaries and overheads because our business is so dangerous. 
Same office does the activity that way it is being put as unallocated. While the revenues can 
be allocated in the proper manner through the billing, so there is a profit in this segments 
but it is unallocated portions comes right away from the business, this salary and overheads 
that cannot be unallocated properly to this particular segment. 
Harshit Jain: 
Thank you so much and wish you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satish Jain who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Satish Jain: 
Good afternoon. I have two questions. One is further to the earlier participant who had 
asked about the debt provisioning which we have been doing for the legacy transaction, you 
have mentioned it is around 35 Crores is provisioned to be made for that so that leads 
around 600 Crores which is appearing under receivables. I just wanted to know out of the 
600 Crores how much of this payment is still pertaining to legacy marketing business? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Yes we are keeping on telling like that. See provisional basically pertains to this trade 
receivables pertaining to this erstwhile legacy of marketing department and in the earlier 
answer what we are projecting that provisioning from the next quarter coming around 25 
around 30 Crores, 35 Crores, 27 Crores, 28 Crores that will pertain to this trading segment 
only. For the other particular trade receivables we basically in the e-commerce and in the 
associate model and in 110% business model we are almost secured and we could not 
perceive right now any major provisioning in that particular segment. Only thing left out is 
around 27 Crores, 25 Crores, 28 Crores in the trading segment only this erstwhile cash and 
carry segment. 
Satish Jain: 
Sir my question is not about how much provision has to be made. My question is as on 
September 30, 635 Crores is there outstanding receivable in that how much of the amount is 
pertained to legacy business? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Yes that is what I explained. In the legacy business around 27 Crores to 28 Crores is 
pending out of that. It is almost done away with data provisioning, almost done away from 
the books, almost. 
Satish Jain: 
You mean to say if I take out this 28 Crores so this is 607 Crores all pertain both the e-
marketing as well as BG and whatever business, all the new business, new transactions 
only? 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Yes in the consolidated of our balance sheet basically this pertains to our safe business in 
trading segment like associate and backed by BG, our e-commerce and scarp and allied 
recovery jobs of our 100% subsidiary company Ferro Scrap Nigam Limited this 
compromises this population. The population compromises much of these things. 
Satish Jain: 
Thanks a lot and my second question is regarding the disinvestment, you are calling for the 
EGM and all. Is there any target date has been given to complete the entire transaction? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: As of now this disinvestment is being taken by DIPAM, they are basically entrusted the job 
by Government of India and they are doing it in a very expeditious manner so as of now no 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 14 
definite date can be given but we believe that they are moving at a very good speed so that 
the transaction is closed as early as possible. 
Satish Jain: 
My another question is Sir regarding your investor presentation under key highlights 
heading you have mentioned what are the new e-auction project that you have undertaken 
or won from different government entities. Can you just give us approximately how much 
of these projects gets us the revenue? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: You see there are two, three projects that we have indicated. One is the portal for ONGC 
and is given, so you see whatever projects we are doing upfront payment is not there, these 
are not that way of very high figures but small, small projects contribute to our revenues. 
Similarly this auction portal for SECI, there also we have developed the portal but the 
revenues will depend upon the property that they are able to put up. You see these are very 
old properties with lot of litigation and things around the land titles and complete 
paperwork. As of now some amount of properties are relatively which the department is 
sure that this is not any kind of litigation or the paperwork is clear so we are hoping the 
properties will be out for auction in the current financial year, but now figures as such can 
be given that how much will come in this financial year, next financial year also. Regarding 
the 9 major mineral blocks so there we are getting fixed term. 
Bhanu Kumar: 
Basically for all this mineral blocks, coal auctions and all it is on event basis so if the 
number of events if it goes up then we get our revenue irrespective of how much material 
has been sourced. Now regarding this e-bidding platform for ONGC this is again a platform 
that has been given to ONGC to host their event so this will be annual charges. We will be 
getting on a quarterly basis irrespective of how many events they carry out, what kind of 
imports or exports they transact. Basically these are platform services so the revenue is not 
much but it brings in more business that is the idea. 
Satish Jain: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of DD Mehta who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
DD Mehta: 
Sir, what is the development on the power trading or electricity? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Like I said, in the first question, that the power trading which is there, that is for the 
medium term, long-term, and short-term. Further what we can do, is we are in discussion 
with Government of India, Power Ministry and all and we are studying that and as and 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 14 
when we have some development, we will come to you all. It is too early to say much about 
that. 
DD Mehta: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from White Stone Financial 
Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. One question from my side last time we have conducted one e-
auction for Hindustan Oil Exploration because I guess the government has also mandated 
that the gas should be auctioned. Are there more in the pipeline e-auction because I think 
the HOEC is also coming up with new oil fields in couple of months so any development 
there and is there any plan of doing auction for natural gas for other company. 
Bhanu Kumar: 
Yes actually we are empanelled with the directorate general of hydrocarbon for carrying out 
these actions and all the gas block that has been allocated in the recent past. All those 
people obviously when the gas is actually produced has to be auctioned so we already have 
done monument for HOEC more such events will be there as and when HOEC comes up 
with more gas production and other companies also those who are successful allotting for 
the gas block, we are in touch with them. We hope that they will also be utilizing our 
services. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay and this will be also like event based fees or it will be like depends on the volume of 
the gas? 
Bhanu Kumar: 
It depends on what is our scope of services. Every company has a different way of selling 
the gas so if it is just going to be a platform services then it can be event based but if they 
are more activities to be done then definitely there will be more revenue coming in like it 
can even be transaction advisors that can be even some kind of consultancy that can even be 
percentage basis on the gas production. It depends on how they want to sell the gas? 
Dixit Doshi: 
In terms of scrap selling, metal scrap we were predominantly doing it for PSUs also for the 
state government and last year we added Bharti Airtel, Reliance, L&T so how is the traction 
on the private side because not much is heard on the private sector side. It should be much, 
much larger than the PSU? 
Bhanu Kumar: 
Yes that is true. For private sector we are not limiting ourselves only to the scrap. We are 
also extending our services for their minerals and iron ore, coal etc., some of the other 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 14 
clients with who we are talking. I think Jindal has already been roped in last year. They 
have already informed you about that. So we are in talks with almost all the big groups Tata 
is another such group who have been roped in the recent past, Tata Power so the private 
sector is also big for us but then there are other challenges in the private sector so we are 
trying to address it through our different business model with them. Those are still in the 
negotiation stage and definitely some concrete plan will be there for getting more revenue 
from the private sector. 
Dixit Doshi: 
That is it from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
When I look at the e-commerce side of the business where bulk of the revenue obviously is 
going to the scrap part and I see for the last two years we have announced all this private 
corporate coming on our platform, but when I look at the volume of the business adjusting 
from the scrap price, I do not see a significant traction because I think the scrap prices 
themselves gone up by 30%, 40% and your corresponding revenue seems to be as equal or 
less than that traction in this current price. So, if you help us understand what is happening 
in the platform in terms of traction or volume and then my second question is already COQ, 
the scrap prices have corrected about 30%, 35% so that is the global scrap prices, so we do 
start seeing incrementally in adjustment or revenue as we move towards the first coming 
quarter because the scrap prices themselves have corrected and I mind specially referring to 
see it that way? 
Bhanu Kumar: 
See third question you are saying that the scrap prices have increased and that is why the 
numbers are better otherwise the volume is almost the same. I agree with you to some 
extent but then you must appreciate that the last two years have not been normal years and 
least focus for any organization in their day to day operation is selling scarp so definitely 
we are expecting the second half of this year, we will be seeing more volumes coming in 
and as far as the other private sector business you are talking about as I said there are lot of 
challenges and definitely the volumes will go up as we move forward in the current 
financial year. 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: I will add to what our director commercial has said. You see traditionally when we enter to 
the e-commerce sector we were focusing mainly on scrap only. Now we even do not want 
to be basically focusing or lay more focus on one sector so we are basically trying for 
multicommodity that is why she is saying we are getting good growth in volumes, although 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 14 
the revenue terms, it is not proportionately that large but volumes we are getting very good 
in e-sale, so in e-sale we are doing variety of projects where we hope to get more revenues 
in the coming years. Of course, the old coal, iron ore, and scrap will persist but more 
traction will come from the e-sales business. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
E-sales. 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
E-sales, is basically the sale of the scrap and then there is e-auction which is related to all 
this coal, gas etc., right. 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Anything other than the coal, iron ore and scrap normally. Generally it will constitute e-
sale. It may be the gas, it may be the spectrum option, it may be the property sale so those 
are varied kind of commodities that we are covering under e-sale where we are focusing on 
better things so basically rediscover business from one particular sector. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
That would be a fee based on a percentage base for your e auction is percentage based so 
this coal whatever asset classes you talked about that will be more e based? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: You see as Madam has said that it depends upon the arrangement we have with principal. 
Some of the transactions are on the basis of revenues we get from the sales, some are from 
the portal development some of it, are from AMC basis some are event basis so it is quite 
varied mix. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Incrementally adjusting for the reduction in prices that we are seeing on the scrap side even 
after that you think that your second half will be stronger business? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: Yes that is what we are hoping. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
My last question is that we had our MoUs with Larson and Reliance and lot of this large 
corporates and we have talked about four digit Crores figures in terms of those MoUs so 
where are we on that business traction and I am assuming that scrap generation will be 
complete will actually be on a regular basis. Now no one is going to stock those scraps in 
their yard so we had a MoU. We had traction to be built up. There must be generally scrap 
because they are continuously doing business so where are we on that parties of fraction? 
Surinder Kumar Gupta: When I say that we are focusing on e-sale it does not mean that we are not basically 
ignoring other sectors. So we are working on that also. Because some of the commodity 

 
MSTC Limited 
November 15, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 14 
prices are always very highly so we want to sort of do this cover business. Like initially we 
came out of marketing here also we want to have a good mix of e-commerce also, good mix 
of various commodities so that if one commodity goes down so the company has a plan so 
that we do not go down with that commodity, something will always look up so that is how 
we are derisking the business and we are trying various models and continuously exploring 
what way we can add more businesses in all the sectors. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in the queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Bhanu Kumar: 
That was very nice of you. You people have been following us very closely as we can see 
from your questions and we have already given the highlights of this half year going 
forward from here we hope that there will be more projects and the market is okay now. It 
has stabilized though there was a little jump in between but now it has stabilized so we are 
hoping for a better half, the second half of this year is likely to be better than this. Thanks 
for all the support. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Equirus Securities that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
