
  
Page 1 of 22    
“Asahi Songwon Colors Limited Q2 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call”  
October 28, 2021         
                                                              
MANAGEMENT: MR. GOKUL JAYKRISHNA - JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER. 
MR. ARJUN JAYKRISHNA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR. 
MR. MITESH PATEL - SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER, 
COMMERCIAL &STRATEGY. 
MR. PRATIK SHAH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 
MR. SAJI JOSEPH - COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER.   

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2FY22 Earnings Conference Call for 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Welcome everyone. And thank you for joining this Q2FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited. The results and investor updates have been emailed to you 
and are also available on all the Stock Exchanges. In case anyone does not have a copy of the 
same, please do write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you. 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your questions we have today with us 
Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna - Joint Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. 
Mr. Arjun Jaykrishna - Executive Director. 
Mr. Mitesh Patel - Senior General Manager, Commercial &Strategy. 
Mr. Pratik Shah - Chief Financial Officer. 
Mr. Saji Joseph - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the financial performance which will be 
followed by the Q&A session. 
I would like to remind you all that everything said in this call, reflecting any outlook for future, 
which can be constituted as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with 
the uncertainties and risks that the Company faces. These uncertainties and risks are included 
but not limited to what we have mentioned in the Prospectus filed with SEBI and the 
subsequent Annual Reports, which you will find on our website. 
With that said, I will now handover the call to Mr. Jaykrishna. Over to you, sir. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Very good afternoon to everybody and welcome you all to the Earnings Call for Q2 ‘22 and 
H1 ‘22. It is my pleasure to be speaking today to all of you. And thank you very much for your 
participation today. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 3 of 22 
Since we last spoke, the environment around us has significantly changed, some for the better, 
some for the worse. The environment of COVID, which was a very impending threat to the 
global business and even to the health of everybody around and we had seen the worst of it in 
India in the second leg of COVID, seems to be well past us. And I thank to God that, we have 
passed it and we don't see a third wave. I think the country as a whole has somehow managed 
this extremely well. And we are probably seeing that India is even better placed off than 
countries like U.S. and Europe today, for which I take great pride. 
This is a healthy sign going ahead for business, because things are starting to roll back to 
normalcy. Having said that, there are other forces in the business environment which are very 
disruptive, which all of you being in the investment business and finance business are fully 
aware of. I like to call it the ‘Holy Trinity’. It is the disruptive nature of the rise in raw material 
pricing that we are seeing, which is unprecedented. It is also the rise in coal and energy costs. 
And third an extremely uncertain is the freight cost and availability of containers. 
So, this ‘Holy Trinity’ has caused disruption of mega proportions, which I at least in the last 
two decades being in business has not witnessed together. It remains up to well-run companies 
to manage this disruption. We don't see it as a threat. We actually see it as an opportunity in 
two ways, one, such disruptions make it extremely difficult for poorly managed businesses or 
unorganized sector to withstand the disruptive nature of the forces. This automatically 
becomes a big advantage for the companies which are better planned and financially stronger. 
So, that they can take advantage, and take additional market share beyond what the 5% growth 
that the industry generally 4% to 5% international growth that the industry witnesses. 
At Asahi, I am proud to say that our team has worked hard through this COVID and this price 
disruptive nature of disruption and managed this reasonably well. And we have managed to 
acquire additional customers, and also grow beyond the 5% given the opportunity that has 
when presented. 
And the third and final thing the ‘China Plus One’ situation continues to play out. We do 
continue to get calls from major customers and multinationals globally about a second supply 
source, from Asahi in place of the Chinese that they have been dependent on in the past. This 
augurs well for the next 5 years or 10 years for our business. 
With this, I will just go into the key highlights for Asahi’s standalone numbers for Q2 & H1 
FY22. 
Q2 FY22, these are bullet points just so that it is simple rather than talking in paragraph. 
 
Q2FY22, turnover growth of 50% from Rs. 62 crores to Rs. 95 crores in Q2 FY22. 
 
H1FY22 saw a turnover growth of 51% from Rs. 120 crores in H1FY21 to Rs. 190 
crores in H1FY22. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 4 of 22 
This basic overall top-line growth was equally driven by volumes and prices. I would say 
approximately 25% of the 50% growth came through volume growth. And about 25% odd 
came through price increases. Both of these trends are very encouraging, when we discuss it at 
the Board and strategic level within the Company. 
We believe that the volume trend that we have gained, which was unexpected, we had never 
budgeted that we would grow much in the Blue business. Of course we have a lot of unlimited 
opportunity to grow in the AZO business. However, in the Blue business, even in the last call, 
one or two people had asked about the growth potential and I had guided that we don't see 
much at all. However, we have seen a 20% to 25% top-line growth in volume alone. 
And the second trend of price, cost increases driven by the ‘Holy Trinity’ of raw material, coal 
and freight costs, we have been successfully able to pass on to our customers, which has 
accounted for the balance 25% of the 50% top-line growth. Both of these trends are 
encouraging. How sustainable is the price trend, will probably depend on the raw material and 
the price increases that we are seeing. But we are confident within the Company, the 20% to 
25% volume growth seems sustainable. And we have acquired new customers and increased 
our strength and breadth. Based on this we hope to see your overall year-on-year growth of 
approximately 35% to 36% in the top-line of Asahi, in FY22, compared to FY21. 
Now talking a little about the bottomline, Q2FY22 EBITDA stood at Rs. 12 crores which is 
the same as the Q2FY21 EBITDA number. So, there wasn't any much change. We were able to 
mitigate the raw material price increases, freight and coal price increases by increasing our 
top-line. So, where there could have been a possible dent in bottom-line we maintained a flat 
EBITDA. 
H1FY22 EBITDA number came at Rs. 24 crores compared to Rs. 23 crores in H1FY21, which 
is a 4% improvement in the EBITDA. 
EBITDA margins were under pressure which was fully expected with the cost increases that 
we have been witnessing which is completely unprecedented and extremely difficult to not 
only manage, but even to forecast. We have been able to, as I already mentioned, pass on these 
increases. However, I mean you all know from the last call that we price our customers on a 
quarterly price and volume contract. While when we procure, we normally procure for a month 
or maximum two. So, there is a possible 45-day lag which has been telling on the EBITDA 
margins. And hence we have seen a drop in the EBITDA percentage margins. However, we 
have maintained the absolute number as per last year. 
Now just a little word on another good development that I would like to share with you, last 
call, six months back, Alpha Blue was like a thorn in the flesh of Asahi and we have spent 
three years in which we have invested three years back about Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 9 crores and 
not gotten any result. I am happy to make a note that now we are starting to see very good 
traction. Q2FY22 saw a volume of 114 tonnes in Alpha Blue compared to 32 tonnes in 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 5 of 22 
Q2FY21. And this compares to 62 tonnes in the last quarter. So, we have made very good 
inroads. In Q4FY22, we expect this to be doubled at about 225 metric tonnes, from where we 
are in Q2FY22. This would take us 100% utilization. 
I, would like to thank our young team, I had nothing to do with this, I was hardly involved in 
this business. It is Arjun and Mitesh, the two of them lead this business out of the two years or 
three years of doldrums and suddenly we are seeing and looking at 100% utilization in the 
coming few quarters. 
With that I will let Arjun give a quick word on the Alpha business, before I talk a little about 
the AZO JV. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, as our CEO said, I think we have finally got to a good traction, with the product. We have 
got it technically approved in the leading MNCs around the world. Following the technical 
approval has started orders to all these big MNCs as well. And in fact, we are currently flooded 
with orders, which is a good problem to have. 
And as the CEO mentioned, we should be looking at 100% utilization in Jan/Feb/March, which 
is a positive sign, and it is one of the things the Company has been wanting to do since a while. 
And the marketing team as well as the production and technical team are all pleased with the 
results. And we hope to carry on with consistency and maintain 100% efficiency for the 
quarters to come. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, just to add to what Arjun said, we are very happy with the quality that we have achieved in 
Alpha Blue. And this is now converted into commercial orders from multinational majors such 
as Clariant. And the full future of Alpha Blue now looks good, and it should start contributing 
to the bottom-line. 
Now the final word on the JV, the AZO JV in Dahej, before I open the platform for questions. 
So, H1FY21 had very little activity in terms of top-line. Most of the work was done at the lab 
plant and marketing areas, working with customers for sample approvals, and getting the 
products fine-tuned to the requirements of our customers. We have two different kinds of 
customers.We have the big three or four customers, which you all are aware of, are the same in 
the Blue business who account for majority of our Blue markets. These guys have not yet 
come into commercial order stage. However, we have now got a lot of inroads into smaller 
customers who take lesser time for product approvals. And the volumes for the H2FY22 are 
going to start looking much better. And we should look to probably EBITDA breakeven in Q1 
FY23.  
With this, I would like to close my comments and not take too much time. And leave it to 
Abhishek, before that I will just add a couple of lines to the opportunity that this JV and this 
AZO business offers to Asahi, because it seems to be like a very large opportunity. It is the 
global scale of the AZO business, is three to three and a half times that of the Thalo business, 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 6 of 22 
the Blue and the Green business. And in the Blue and the Green business, 75% of the global 
market is dominated and catered to by India, of which Asahi is the leading player. But in the 
AZO market, it is a very different situation with China leading the global market with a 75% 
market share, and India probably having only 10%. And only two significant AZO players in 
India, Sudarshan and Pidilite. So, this gives tremendous opportunity for making future growth 
over the next 5 to 7 years, if we get our act right. 
And with the Dahej plant, which is a state-of-the-art plant, we are very well poised to take 
advantage of this opportunity. With that, I would like to hand it back to Abhishek, and then we 
can have questions. 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with Question and 
Answer session. The first question is from the line of Parth Agrawal from Ladderup Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Parth Agrawal: 
So, I understand top-line growth has been fantastic in the last few quarters. And as you have 
mentioned that it is driven equally between price and volume. So, you seem convinced that the 
volume growth will sustain, if you can elaborate on that, why do you think it will sustain going 
forward? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Honestly, I will give you a very honest answer. Internally, strategically, we were not, and we 
have always been honest, even in the past. So, we have always guided that we won't expect 
much from the blue business in terms of top-line growth, while we continue to fine-tune the 
bottom-line. 
However, now, with this COVID hitting last year in March 2020, a lot of things changed. First 
of all, Asahi was the first Blue manufacturer in the world to get back into operation. And none 
of our supplier or customer orders had to be renegotiated or even delayed. So, this left a very 
good taste in the mouth of the customers. And I mean, they were all very good old customers. 
But suddenly they were really happy that they were buying from Asahi and not from anybody 
else. 
Now, what this also did, is because the other customers around the world who were not buying 
from us, and were outsourcing from other people, realized that they don't have any material for 
April, May and June of year 2020. And they started knocking our doors. And we took full 
advantage of it and we priced the material higher than we would to our regular customers, took 
a pound of flesh, but we did, our productivity was managed well. We managed labor in 
COVID times very well. So, due to that, we acquired a few new customers. And this was the 
10% or 15% additional volume that we got from competition, which is over and above the 5% 
normal volume growth that 3% to 5% that globally you would see. 
Why would this be sustainable, is because the disruptions continue. After COVID we had a 
second leg of COVID and now we have the worst of it all, with this ‘Holy Trinity’of price rises 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 7 of 22 
in raw material, energy and freight. With these price rises the uncertainty in supply chain has 
become as bad as it was in the early COVID time. And again, people are forced to rely on very 
reliable solid customers who are financially in a position to buy inventory and pay and acquire 
raw material because acquiring raw material has become a challenge.  
When this happened for a sustained period of two years, a lot of the customers switch over and 
then it is very difficult to switch back to alternate or older supplies. And also there is 
unorganized sector, to which some of them, I mean, I would say 10% or 15% of the 
unorganized players will not make it past this disruption, because they have been so badly hit 
financially. So, that is why we are pretty confident now that we should be able to maintain the 
volume growth that we have now got. 
Parth Agrawal: 
The second question I have regarding the raw material. So, there has been sharp rise, just a 
little bit on how much percentage is it that we will be able to pass on to the customer and how 
much would we have to take a hit on our margins? And generally, just a similar questions on 
that line is, if you pass on to your customers, so generally how many days like this is there, if 
there is a price increase today, then within how many days or months do you pass it on to your 
customers? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
To answer your question of what degree, what percentage of the raw material increases would 
we be able to pass on to the customer, it seems like we should be able to pass on most of, if not 
all the cost increases. But there and thereabouts, but we are pretty confident that we have done 
it in the past six quarters, and it looks like the market is pretty robust. And customers are 
seeing that, this is real, it is not India centric, it is not Asahi centric, it is a global phenomenon. 
And thus, we are pretty confident that we would be able to pass on most if not all the price 
increases. 
The second point, which is a very good question, that what is the lag? Now there is a lag. And 
that does have an impact on EBITDA margins, because the price and take orders from our 
major customers globally for about 60% to 65% of our business on a quarterly basis. So, for 
example, sitting here today, we are completely sold out for December end quarter. There is no 
sales work to be done at all. And January, February, March, sales remains completely open. 
So, this is as transparent as I can be, in terms of trying to give you a reply. 
While raw material that we have procured, is going to last us till probably 15th of November. 
We have increased our inventory levels of raw materials significantly, by almost 100% in 
volume terms, because earlier, we used to follow a just-in-time inventory management system, 
whereby we would be happy to have a 15-day inventory. We have on an average basis to 40 to 
45 days, because availability of the raw materials could actually result in long shutdowns of 
the plant and disruptions in supply. And we have the financial capability to be able to manage 
inventory. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 8 of 22 
Also, because the trend is of rising prices, so if we were not to try and mitigate this, and keep 
the 25 days of the quarter open, it would just leave us more vulnerable. But having said that, 
there is a vulnerability of 45 days on EBITDA margins while we price them for January, 
February, March, we will take that raw material price, increase hit in EBITDA for a month or 
two while the lag period, plays out. 
Parth Agrawal: 
Third question that I have is on the AZO pigment that you have mentioned. So, I think TCC 
had committed some buying quantities so have they started picking up that volume? Or is it yet 
to start and if it is yet to start then when will it start? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, I will answer the question and give a very quick general update on the customer we are 
working with for the AZO and the outlook we are having right now. So, in terms of the current 
business, the TTC has already started picking up material, of course. So, in general, all the big 
MNCs including BASF, Clariant, DIC as well as not as big companies, but one with an equally 
good, very solid quality control methods such as TTC, they take around one year for new 
products to be approved at the earliest, one to one and a half to two years in fact, to get new 
product approvals. 
TTC obviously has expedited the process for us. We have got a number of products already 
approved and commercial shipments of some of the products already gone. We further are 
planning a few containers to be departing next month, November. So, TTC is already 
accounting for a good amount of our sales. 
For the other the big MNCs as well, we are already working on it, and we hope to shorten the 
timeline of approval which we are confident of doing. And we hope within the next six 
months, at least one or two of the big MNCs will contribute to our sales. So, the good benefit 
in this is that currently we are working with TTC as well as a bunch of other customers, in 
different end application industries as well as different geographies, who we have started 
catering to already. These are obviously smaller volumes than the MNC. But it gives us a good 
diversification where we are entering the market and it puts us in good shape for when the big 
MNCs, we have already started getting some approvals for some of the CI as we move on to 
larger trials and hopefully commercial orders in the near future, we will be well positioned to 
cater to them and have a solid base with the companies we are already working with. 
And TTC, specifically it has given us a big advantage because following the testing process 
and the quality control level that they have, it is top of the world. So, we are well positioned 
with all our testing and all our compliance as well. We are proud to say that our products have 
very good compliance and we have done a lot of that testing which will help us in the big 
MNCs going forward and set good practices for a top quality…. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navid Virani from Bastian capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 9 of 22 
Navid Virani: 
Just wanted to understand the reason behind this rise in receivables. So, receivables as a 
percentage of sales if I see, I am seeing an inch up. So, just wanted to understand the reason for 
such rise? 
Gokul Jaykrishna; 
So, as receivables, basically in absolute numbers would have gone up because of the increase 
in the turnover. But if you look at the receivables in terms of days, at least what I have and our 
CFO, Pratik will correct me if I am wrong. But FY21, we had 86 days receivables, which we 
have brought down to 79 days in H1FY22. So, there has been a decrease in the days from 86 to 
79, we would continue to work towards 70. But 70 is the optimal solution. We are not that 
away from that optimal receivable in terms of days. But Pratik, can you throw a little light on 
Navid’s question. 
Pratik Shah: 
Navid, just to answer your question what Mr. Gokul has mentioned, I think it is fully correct, if 
you look on an average basis, absolute debtors figures are increasing as you have rightly 
pointed out, but in terms of days on average debtors figures, between FY21 and H1FY22, the 
number of days outstanding has reduced by around 7 days. And in absolute number is you 
must have seen the top-line which has increased by 50%. 
Navid Virani: 
So, I just wanted to understand our receivables policy, just wanted to understand are we being 
more lenient with the newer customers or not? So, that is the reason I asked that question. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Right, fair enough, that's a very fair question, and the answer is yes, we have to be slightly 
lenient with newer quality customers. So, we make a very clear distinction in the new 
customer. There are two sets a top quality new customers and there are, because there is a lot 
of specially we don't go for poor quality customers at all, but customers who we would not 
rank at the top-end, in that case we are not linear. However, if we get a very good customer 
then we have to because our competition is normally getting more credit than our internal 
target of 70 days of average. Our competition may be at 90. So, when we are acquiring, so say 
older customers who are used to working with us are on a particular system. However, when 
we acquire new customers and if they are top quality, they do demand at times. And we have 
to be slightly flexible till we get them into the fold on a longer term basis. 
However, it remains upon the marketing team to make sure that the overall policy of 
receivables in the Company is maintained. And overall days, as I already mentioned to you our 
internal targets, we should not be deviating too much from it, because financially, we have 
always been very prudent. We have had zero bad debts in 25 years, and we don't intend to start 
now. 
Navid Virani: 
My second question was on the AZO pigment. So, I just wanted to understand that given the 
size of the opportunity of the market, and the ‘China plus One’ theme playing out in our favor. 
Do you think we have been a little too cautious with our expansion plans there? 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 10 of 22 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes, you could probably say that. I mean, yes, we haven't run away too aggressively, we could 
and we had discussed this honestly, internally at a strategic level, also and even at the Board 
level. What I can share is, Asahi’s DNA generally has been conservative. We decided that we 
would like to see a 60% utilization on a quarterly basis for a couple of quarters. And then we 
would kick on for doubling the capacity. This was a conscious decision. Yes, it is a bit 
conservative, I mean, we could also be more aggressive and if we get good traction in Q3, and 
Q4, we could switch on the expansion gear and go into, because financially, we are more than 
capable of easily doing it even now. However, we were wanting to be prudent and get things a 
little stable and confident before we move into it. 
See, after all, in the Blue business, we are very confident, we can probably say that, arguably 
we are the best player of Blue in the world. However, in the AZO business, we are completely 
new. There is a lot of synergies, particularly with application and customers. However, the 
business is completely new to us. So, we don't want to be overconfident. We want to, we don't 
mind playing second supplier. We don't have aims of being a first supplier in AZO as of now 
for the next 3 to 4 years, even if we have made good inroads as a second supplier that should 
be very satisfying. 
So, I could share with you very openly that as soon as we hit 60% utilization levels, we would 
be immediately going in for doubling the capacity, but we have been a bit conservative, yes. 
Navid Virani: 
Yes, that was helpful and it was good to hear that we have expansion plans on the cards. Third 
bit was again on AZO. So, I remember you mentioning in the last conference call that you 
have not yet taken a call on the ramping up strategy of AZO. So, are there any further 
developments there? Are we looking to bring up volume with low margin products, or we will 
take the longer route of getting approvals for high margin technical products from new 
customers? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, Arjun, probably answered a bit of it, but I will throw more light on it. And Arjun if you 
want to add you can add to it. But basically, we have a strategy of marketing in two ways. One 
is the MNC customers which are synergistic with the Blue business and customers that we 
have. And these as Arjun said, are very large customers globally, but take a lot of time. So, as 
of December, we expect zero volumes coming out of our top three Blue customers for AZO. 
However, say if you take 18 months from now or FY23 then I would say 50% or more would 
come from these three customers. So, that hasn't started. 
On the second set of customers where we have already started seeing significant success and 
orders commercial orders coming in and that is why Arjun mentioned that Q3 December ended 
we will see decent volume, and March ended quarter will see again very decent volume, would 
all be coming mostly from a newer customers. 
I will also like to share that we have now acquired of a General Manager Marketing with a 22 
years’ experience with one of the leading companies in India. And he has got tremendous 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 11 of 22 
strength for marketing within India, which Asahi generally lacks. So, this is going to boost our 
sales within India and we are already starting to see some volume traction in number of 
customers we have already started supplying to over a dozen customers in India, small 
quantities, but it has already started. 
Navid Virani: 
So, lastly, just wanted to understand what kind of risks can we face in the ramping up our AZO 
production? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, the risks are that, I mean, what could be the traditional risk, if you don't get the quality up 
to the mark, is one. In this very disruptive times, if you don't get access to raw material in time, 
which some of our competitors are already facing that could be another risk. However, this risk 
as of today, is lesser than it was a three months back, it is still there because we are new, but 
like in the Blue, I would say there is no risk because we are at the top end of the chain in Blue. 
So, we see there is no risk there. In the AZO business, there is some risk, when we talk again, 
after six months in March, I think the risk would be significantly reduced by that. But I am 
seeing that risk is already reduced compared to three months back, because we are starting to 
see some volumes now, good volumes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aashav Patel from Molecule Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Aashav Patel: 
My first question is that our CPC new business has been increased in terms of top-line from 
Rs. 60 crores odd to Rs. 90 crores odd. So, as far as my limited understanding goes, globally 
the market size is not growing fast so, was the gain entirely between change in market share? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, the growth from 62 to 95 is coming half from volumes, of which, a lot of it is due to 
market share. And the second half is coming from our passing on the raw material price 
increases to our customers. So, these are the two areas in which it is coming from. As I earlier 
said, we expect that the volume part of it looks sustainable. 
Aashav Patel: 
Okay, and what about the margin part, sir? Is it possible to clock the earlier 20% margin range 
again? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
We never had 20% margins, I mean, we would probably, our EBITDA margins have 
historically been around 15%. We would be happy to see some improvement in it by a 
percentage or two if we do some very good skillful engineering work. So, we do oscillate 
around that 15% to 16% mark. We should continue to be around that mark. 
In our business on a QonQ basis, it would oscillate. I mean, we could be at 18% for a quarter 
or two or 13% for a quarter or two. This is quite normal, because I already referred that we 
have a 45-day lag on a quarterly basis where we are open to either raw material price increase, 
or a decrease, an increase could hurt or decrease could benefit. Over a period of time, it 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 12 of 22 
averages out. And that's why our overall margins if you take a longer-term perspective of 5 
years are very comfortable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sharma as an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Praveen Shah: 
I have a couple of questions, first is, looking at blockbuster performance in Alpha, aren’t we 
looking for further expansion in Alpha because, it requires a lot of legwork to get approval 
from the big clients. And once we have got it, shouldn't we try for capturing more market share 
and in ramping up our further capacity further from, say, right now it is, I think 1000 metric 
tonnes per annum, so shouldn't we ramp up further from there, since a lot of effort has already 
gone. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I am actually smiling, it’s a great question. So, actually, I will put it up and I will take it up 
with the strategic team, also. We should be thinking about it, there is no doubt about it. And 
the opportunity is there. 
Praveen, but having said that, it is not going to be that easy, because getting permission for 
additional capacity in Alpha, at the location where we are, is, I wouldn't say unlikely, but 
extremely difficult. That is our biggest hurdle for ramping up Alpha. Otherwise, everything 
that you said is very logical. But yes, now that you have said it, I would definitely take another 
cue and see if our strategic team can work out and see even if they can ramp up by 20%, 30%. 
We should ideally, given, if we did not have a constraint of the permissions that we hold, to 
make the product, we should be doubling it, easily. But we do have that and that's real. Let me 
take it to the strategic team thanks for your point. And if at all, we can even ramp it up by 20% 
that would be nice. 
Praveen Shah: 
Second, since we are witnessing a lot of volumes in the Blue part, also the CPC Blue and Beta 
Blue. So, somewhere, as you said that 25% volume growth was there. So, I think we would be 
hitting capacity constraint there also, correct? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes, of course. 
Praveen Shah: 
So, further volume growth is not possible and the conventional, apart from Alpha, the Beta and 
CPC part also -- 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Overall, if you look at it, you are right, I mean, we probably can't get beyond 5% growth from 
here in terms of volume. We have already unlocked whatever underutilization there was by 
grabbing this volume, but you are right, I mean, we have a constraint over there in terms of our 
capacity overall. 
Praveen Shah: 
Just to harp more on the Blue part because this has been our bread and butter for a very long 
time and we have no very established player there. So, are there ways to look around for 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 13 of 22 
capacity because market may not grow, it may grow by 4% or so per annum. But there may be 
a shift of the market share in favor of Asahi. So, we should look at that angle also, I don’t 
know whether it's possible, because environmental clearance and other issues are there. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, Praveen, again I really thank you for this. I am happy that you brought it up on the call and 
I would be happy to take this to my strategic team. We should be actually thinking about this. 
Having said that, I don't see potential at our current size beyond 5% because as you said the 
constraints that we have. However, there is always a possibility of alternate location or I mean 
somewhere else -- 
Praveen Shah: 
Inorganic acquisition can also be there because many of them are bleeding. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes. So, I think both these inorganic opportunity and a Greenfield opportunity is a very fair 
suggestion and we haven't honestly considered it very systematically at the Board and the 
strategic level, but I would be happy to do that.  
Praveen Shah: 
The second question is from AZO, wherein, we as per the presentation I think we are looking 
at 25% utilization in Q3 for AZO. So, the TTC part itself was committed to be around 20%, so 
this 25% actually is 20% from TTC and 5% from others or it's; because TTC I am fairly 
confident that it will come sooner or later. So, if this is 25% over and above TTC, it's very 
good. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes I will let Arjun comment on it, but just a quick comment is, TTC’s approval processes are 
more stringent than the top three MNCs that we deal with. So, they are high-end quality 
conscious customer. So, they take a lot of time and this is good, because that will make us a 
strong Company in the long term. In the shorter term, we are slightly behind where we should 
be because the processes with TTC take longer, but in the long term I think it will make us a 
stronger Company. Arjun, can you take that. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, I think as you said, I think, firstly the TTC, what we have decided, like you said, that is 
sooner or later going to be fully timed out. We are slowly like Dad, said already getting 
approvals and already started shipment. In terms of how much they take from us, basically 
what the deal we have with them is as long as we match the quality, then they would 
essentially be taking all their pigments requirements from us. But this however is a 
combination of all the CIs. So, as we establish the different, the various products and we get 
approvals for them, based on that the volumes will be starting with TTC. And as soon as we 
can, they will obviously be giving us as much business as possible. So, we hope to carry that 
on side-by-side, like you said also maintain our other marketing processes, and go for all the 
different customers, we already started sampling to, as well as the MNCs and then also TTC, 
of course. 
Praveen Shah: 
Okay. So, the 25% in this quarter is mostly domestic, correct. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 14 of 22 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Right. 
Praveen Shah: 
And when do we see, because if I recall correctly, we were looking at further expansion of 
2200 MT, once we had 50%, so when are we actually expecting that hitting 50% and going 
into the next expansion? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
See, we were planning, of course the endeavor would be to do it as soon as possible, yes you 
are right, as soon as we do hit 50% or 60% we will go into doubling the capacity. This is a 
decision that has already been taken and approved by the Board. When is, I mean I don’t like 
to, I wouldn’t like to answer exact number because, I don’t like to be wrong in the end. But if I 
were to guess then I should think that in April, May, June I think we should be getting to that. 
Praveen Shah: 
And are we, getting because TTC anyway is having 49% equity in ATC, which is very 
significant part. So, are we getting any support from them in the marketing and sales 
initiatives, like because at the end of the day it’s their Company and their product, their 
technology also at the stake, and we are actually doing lot of legworks in terms of 
environmental care and production, manpower management, COVID and all these things, but 
are they supposed to give us a leeway into their client basis and increase the sales part there. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
See, TTC has been extremely supportive. I cannot imagine of a better Joint Venture partner 
having now with them for one and a half year. Particularly, technically they have been 
supporting our technical team like anything, I mean I can’t start thanking them for that. On the 
marketing side, we have a buyback arrangement where, as Arjun mentioned, the entire 
volumes that they consume and buy for their dispersions will eventually be coming out of ATC 
production. 
However on the pure commercial marketing the agreement is that it will be all done by us. So, 
they have no commitment for anything. But yes, they have been otherwise extremely 
supportive, giving us a lot of leads in Europe, including, because they have various, they have 
13 establishments around the world. And even in areas like geographies like Brazil, where we 
have zero sales and presence, they already have a presence. They have already introduced us to 
their business partner there. And I think Arjun and our marketing team have already acquired 
11 tonnes order from that Company, just to give an idea that in that sense they are helping a 
lot. But they have no direct responsibility in terms of sales and marketing. 
Praveen Shah: 
And, if I read correctly in the presentation it’s mentioned that 1200+1200 for Red and Yellow, 
so are the capacities color specific or they can be interchanged? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
They can be interchanged. 
Praveen Shah: 
So, it means if Yellow is doing very well, if I could see in the press release then we can 
actually go the entire capacity for Yellow. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 15 of 22 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
You are right. And this is a possibility. When you Red to Yellow it is possible, but you have to 
do a shutdown and a cleaning up profit. But other than that, yes. There is a theoretical 
possibility that if the traction on Yellows is for example more, we could convert, even the 
entire capacity to Yellow. 
Praveen Shah: 
Is there any, this is the last two question, is plan for the other land parcel at Saykha which we 
are thinking or we are now completely focused on AZO itself? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, right now, Praveen we are just focused on the AZOs and we also would keep eye out on a 
small opportunity of inorganic growth, if it comes about, with the strong cash position of the 
Company. So, we haven't really spent too much bandwidth on monetizing the Saykha parcel. It 
remains a very valuable thing on the balance sheet. And we hope to let’s see how it goes, but I 
don’t have a good answer for you on that, yet. 
Praveen Shah: 
Just extension to the question, the Saykha land environmental clearance also includes the Blue, 
Alpha Blue, Beta and CPC or it is only the AZO part which we have taken. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
No, it does include the Blues as well. So, I don’t want to mislead the listeners, I mean we don’t 
have a strategic plan to start Blue there. So, if you talk this Red, I mean I just know, I am 
clarifying --. Yes it’s too bigger land for Blue, if we decide something which is not conducive 
to be made with Blue, then we would be compromising the land parcel, plus putting up 
additional Blue, because things are good right now, maybe an aggressive move and then later 
on if the market isn't good, then finding sales and all is an issue. So, we have to think about 
various things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit: 
On the Azo side, on the 2400 tonnes per annum capacity, what can be the maximum revenue 
that we can conclude? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, the volume of 2400, the value would depend on the pricing, right now it is very difficult to 
put a number, because it is so potentially disruptive.  
Mitesh Patel: 
Yes, it could be max 150 crores. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I would think Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 160 crores from the current capacity. 
Ankit: 
And let’s say when we cross 50%, 60%. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Again, I would like to qualify that, because it could come down to Rs. 135 crores if prices fall. 
If prices rise the way they are it could go to Rs. 160 crores to Rs 170 crores also. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 16 of 22 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Just to add to the question, see this is, the differencing from Blue here is that it is not easy, one, 
because we have already a bunch of products which are priced very, very differently, I mean 
even if I comment for examples two of our very established products which are both doing 
well, for example the Yellow 83 and the Yellow 12. The Yellow 83 would be like a $20 per kg 
product whereas the Yellow 12 is $6 per kg product. So, every single depend on the mix of Cis 
mix of which we are already doing nine different CIs which are established and 
commercialized. As we move ahead and we become stronger, we will have further CIs being 
added step by step. And based on how much of each CIs we do the overall possibility of 
revenue from the sales will depend heavily on this. So, it would not be easy to assume right 
now what volumes and what revenue we can do. Not purely business situation also because of 
the product wise monthly production and sales. 
Ankit: 
So, taking a broad view, let’s say somewhere around Rs. 125 crores, so let’s Rs. 150 crore and 
Rs. 170 crore, there is a broad range we can put. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes, Rs. 150 crore like Mitesh said, I think you know Rs. 140 crore to Rs. 150 crore 
thereabout. 
Ankit: 
On the margin side, will this be also like 15%, 16% kind of margins if possible let’s say once 
we cross 15% to 16% capacity utilization. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Ankit, this is an interesting question because overall, eventually, yes it should be around that 
area, 15% to 16%. However this is after we expand our capacity. Before expanding at the 
current capacity, we would be probably constraint to reach 16%. 
Ankit: 
So, with current capacity, what kind of margins can we look at? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Very difficult to actually put a number on it. We are just learning things in the AZO thing, I 
mean but it would be, as I said, 15%, 16% may not be possible on the current capacity. 
However when we ramp up and double it, the doubling is going to happen at half the cost. 
Return on equity, return on capital employed and the margins all are going to come, change 
significantly once we do that. 
Ankit: 
One question on the strategic part, broader part, we have been looking at this Company for a 
long time. And our sales has been growing at a relatively lower pace. But now over the past 
year or two and currently as well, with Arjun also joining you in the business, is does seem that 
we have become a bit aggressive, of course there are tailwinds from ‘China Plus One’ policy 
which is helping us. So, you have this interest on AZO part you have formed with JV which 
has a potential to actually, let’s say when you do further expansion it has a potential to reach 
10000 tonne per annum, and let’s say on a broader level somewhere around Rs. 600 crore or 
Rs. 500 to Rs. 600 crores of revenue capability. From your talk it does seem that there are 
certain opportunities we are looking on the inorganic front as well. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 17 of 22 
So, can we say that, we do see our growth rate increasing significantly over the next 3 to 5 
years, with the kind of measures we have already taken in and other measures which are 
planned for the medium to long term? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes, definitely, we were a bit too conservative. We are now becoming a little more aggressive. 
We have Arjun, who has joined in, a young blood, engineering, bring some value. Also we 
have increased the depth apart from Arjun, it’s not just him, we have increase the depth of the 
organization, and me and Mitesh are working actively on the strategic side, to further broaden 
the managerial bandwidth of the Company. 
If we are able to improve this over the year or two, we don’t see why we can, not easily double 
in 3 to 5 years. If we don’t, that would be disappointing, we should be able to do a little better 
than that, because you rightly pointed out, there is a clear potential of a Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 
600 crores business on the direct side. 
Ankit: 
And we do have another land of level of Saykha,, we might even look for acquisition or any 
inorganic opportunities which come up. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes, so one inorganic, the Company is financial strong, can take not very large but we can take 
advantage of some small opportunities if they come by. But if not then the Saykha parcel as 
two of you have mentioned today, is a large parcel, it is twice the size of the Dahej parcel. So, 
115,000 square meters, so that potential is always there. However we have not done any 
strategic work mentally on it. 
Ankit: 
And inorganic opportunity will also be in the same line of business pigment or you might also 
be looking at some other segments or some other new areas on the chemical side. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, we are not actively looking at inorganic opportunity in pigments at all. We were at one 
point of time, but when we went into Dahej, now we would not, now whatever we do, because 
the pigment headwind in Dahej itself could be significant. I mean there is a lot we could do. 
So, our energy should be concentrated only on that in pigment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Piyush Goel as an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Piyush Goel: 
So, a couple of things, I was reading your article in Times Of India or I think Economist Times 
where there was report that lot of units and everything closed down, because of this raw 
material prices. And so lot of people have already asked that question that that could become 
your potential acquisition targets if you want to, given the bottleneck you have in your current 
location. So, that is one thing. 
The second thing is, like if I am seeing the quarter-over-quarter results like last quarter you did 
about Rs. 97 crores, but this quarter you have done only Rs. 94 crore. So, despite all price 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 18 of 22 
increases caused by raw material prices, but our revenue has gone down a tad bit. So, is it 
because of volume gone down or what is the reason for that? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I will take the second one first. The turnover is just, the difference is Rs. 1 crore, so there is not 
any change in the turnover. Prices have gone up a bit. Volumes were a little down. So, that is 
about it. I mean and the volumes down were due to logistic freight issues, but yet we 
maintained the similar top-line to the previous quarter.  
So, there is, like you read in Times of India, and I think now it started broadly being reported, 
lot of the unorganized sector is coming under pressure because of this two years of disruption 
from COVID and raw material and freight and coal and energy and everything. There is a huge 
financial pressure where unorganized sector players are now finding it very difficult to do 
business. And because of this unprecedented raw material rises, they are not in a position to be 
able to manage this. Some of them can’t get access to supply, because suppliers won’t give 
them credit anymore. They don’t have the money to buy. If I have to buy at 30-day credit 
instead of 90, I will just do it. I mean every Company won’t be able to do it. 
So, the small ones are finding it difficult, some of them are close down or I wouldn’t say close 
down but reduced productivity which is a logistics as well raw material availability and finance 
issues. This is how some of the volume growth came to us. And because this disruption 
doesn’t seem like, it’s going to be over next week. They could be a permanent opportunity for 
us in getting this volume. Beyond what we have already got the 20% volume which we hope to 
continue to maintain. We have had various people like you and couple of other suggest about 
potential inorganic or Greenfield growth in the Blue business. While we have not thought of 
very seriously there may come a time when inorganic growth opportunity in Blue, may 
become possible. However we have to be very mindful that if we do anything in that area, it 
becomes with a lot of disadvantages in terms of no other manufacturer of Blue is at our level, 
in terms of quality or cost efficiencies. So, when you have a sweet spot of quality, the best 
quality in the world and the most cost-efficient plant in the world, if you go inorganically 
buying something, which won’t be either of them, you are always going to compromise your 
business in EBITDA term. So, this is a conscious thing that we always think about, however 
Piyush the opportunity you say is real, because things may come up at 50 paisa or 70 paisa to a 
Rs. 1, if people are into a bad financial mess. 
Piyush Goel: 
I also understand that it could be very impulsive decision because you may be buying at the 
peak of the cycle, which may not be good at long term as well, I understand that. The second 
part was like I saw the consolidated numbers, so I think ATC has contributed just about a crore 
in the turnover for the whole quarter which is a little disappointing. So, it is ramp up is taking 
slightly longer than expected. Why the contribution is very tiny from TTC part. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes Piyush, the first H1 has contributed almost nothing, it is zero. I already mentioned that in 
my introductory speech. And yes, it is slightly disappointing. We are probably I would say to 
be honest about a quarter behind where we had originally planned or targeted to be. The reason 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 19 of 22 
for this are quite a few, but one of the main of the major reason because the CI numbers on 
which our team strategically decided to do work on, are not low-end ones, the high-end ones 
are taking longer time for approvals and longer time to get the quality right. Even if we get the 
quality right, then the customer will say, oh but I want our $20 product, he will say, please 
tweak the shade for me, they won’t say it for a $5 product. So, these challenges, so I think we 
have adjusted internally, strategically that we could be three or five months behind our original 
plan in ramping up. But over a longer period of time, this should be rewarding because it will 
make our team much more stronger. 
And also second is TTC, their approval policies are very stringent and very strict. I already 
mentioned again, earlier that they are stronger than the three MNCs that we deal with. So, this 
pushes back the approval process, even for example, TTC buying all its product. They want to 
buy, we want to give, but the approval process with TTC is very strict and it takes longer than 
we would have assumed. So, again a three month lag, but this is going to help us a lot because 
it is already helping, Arjun mentioned that where we would expect 18 to 24 months, to get 
commercial business from the big three MNCs, because of this TTC’s stringent approach and 
their support to our technical team, we could be doing it as soon as 8 months or 12 months. So, 
that means about 4 to 5 months from now we could see commercial business coming out of 
one or two of the big firm. 
I forgot to answer, you asked about how it is happening now. And this I should take. So, while 
H1 was as good as zero at, as 1 crore is as good as zero. We do expect that we should be 
around, you know I don’t want to say anything futuristic, but we should be around Rs. 8 crores 
to Rs. 9 crores for quarter ending December and about Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 25 crores for the 
full year. 
Piyush Goel: 
And last thing from my side is like I want to congratulate you and your secretarial team led by 
Saji that you guys have continuously improved on your all secretarial practices. We are having 
a quarterly result within October. And we are today having a con-call followed by that and 
investor presentation. The annual report looks fantastic. So, I think very well done on all those 
fronts, and that makes Company a great from good.- 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Thank you very much Piyush for your kind words. It’s always encouraging to have investors 
on the con-call as well. We had two investors today, you and Praveen and we have got some 
very good inputs from both. I am proud to have investors like you on with our side. 
Piyush Goel: 
I have seen you for the last 10 years almost now, I have been an investor with you for period. 
And we have seen this and changing and just keep up the work. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Gokani, as an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 20 of 22 
Sagar Gokani: 
Yes, so the question is, you know if you look at the raw material cost as a percentage of sales 
that has gone up from 50% in the same period last year, to about 61%. So, when do you see it’s 
returning to 50%, is that next quarter or will take some more time. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, your numbers are absolutely accurate. Yes, it has gone from 50% in September ended ‘20, 
to 61% in September ended ‘21. This is primarily due to the raw material, coal and freight 
increases. But I mean mostly the raw material is contributing to this rise. Now when this will 
change so I will give you very clear answer on when it will change. It should change when the 
raw material prices start tapering off. There will be a quarter in which we are booked out and 
the raw material prices start falling. And then we will again see that it will fallback. 
Having said that I want to clarify that 50% should not be used as a benchmark, nor should 
61%, 62% be used as a benchmark. We are normally at about 55% to 57%, 58%. And that 
should be kind of the benchmark. And we should, I don’t know when but we should soon 
enough be going back to that benchmark. 
Sagar Gokani: 
And one question on the power and fuel cost. So, is that also something which you are able to 
pass on to the customers. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, yes the overall cost of raw materials, power and freight everything has increased. And we 
are happy to report to all of you that, yes we have been able to successfully pass on this rises 
pretty well. The reason is simple because the demand seems to be strong. Customers are 
understanding, they have been with us for more than 10, 15 years. They know that we won’t 
ask for price increases unless they are really required. And then the third and most important 
thing is because this is not a local India or a Asahi phenomenon, it is a global phenomenon, 
they themselves realize that everywhere including their own cost, in their countries whether 
it’s Japan, Germany or USA, has gone up. And they have to pass on to their customers or end 
users. End users around the world are now starting to accept that this is real and we have to pay 
more for what we buy in terms of physical product. However, lot of the technology products 
are becoming much cheaper. So, that is balancing of the inflationary trend. 
Sagar Gokani: 
So, if I just look at a big picture, so on one side you mentioned that the volume expansion was 
about 50% of the growth, and the growth itself was around 50%. So, let’s say around 25% was 
the volume growth, and you also said that you have been able to pass on the raw material cost 
as well as rather power, fuel, freight cost. So, the question really is, why don’t we see any 
operational efficiencies coming in, when you have such volume expansion, I mean you 
shouldn’t the profitability be higher, just because the volumes are going up. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
You question is valid, see I already tried to answer it earlier. We are trying for operational 
efficiencies and actually we have done a good base. However the EBITDA margins in terms of 
percentage have dropped because of the lag period of passing on. While we are able to pass on 
yes, but if you talk about current quarter as I mentioned already. We are already sold out till 
December. Now if urea prices GNFC raises tomorrow, I mean this is going to be a hit on me. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 21 of 22 
But if it decreases, it’s going to be my benefit. So, this is what caused that QonQ margin 
pressure, in percentage term. 
However we have made it up with volume and price increases, and total turnover increase, and 
some operational efficiencies. But yes, there is always a room for more operational efficiencies 
and particularly this Alpha that we are working on right now, our young team is working on 
more operational efficiencies in a very proactive manner. 
Sagar Gokani: 
As I see it in the quarter results, there is about a drag about Rs. 1.5 crores on account of the 
new JV. And you mentioned that the turnover of that will be around Rs. 20 crores for the rest 
of the year. So, what’s the profitability that we can assume, so right now we are at a (-1.5) 
plus, minus a few percentages. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
We would continue to be negative. We cannot we expecting profitability from this 20 tonnes, 
these levels of productivity. I already mentioned earlier, I think I did mention it that we hope to 
EBITDA breakeven in Q1FY23. So, we would bleed a bit. The bleeding should reduce from 
what it is in H1, H2 should be left for sure. 
Sagar Gokani:  
So, what’s the breakeven quantity, in terms of the tonnes? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I would not want to share that for two reasons, one you know it would look, I mean this is in 
public domain and it’s access to all of our competitors. And two honestly, very honestly we 
wouldn’t be able to even pinpoint the exact breakeven quantities, because the daily changes in 
raw material cost are so heavy and the pricing changes in the product are so heavy, that to 
pinpoint a breakeven --. We have a breakeven internal number in mind, but if you excuse me, 
that would not be, I don’t want to mislead people -- 
Sagar Gokani: 
What I was trying to understand is from a capital allocation point of view what is the typical 
payback period or some return ratios that you look at when you are doing these investment 
decision, that’s where ours coming from. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, typically return on capital invested, we should be looking at 20% ROC, is what we 
generally try to do, when we take capital investment decision. This we try and do. 
Sagar Gokani: 
And that’s over what period of time? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Generally, I mean on a year-on-year basis, when we allocate capital to new projects, we hope 
to get a 20% ROC on a routine basis, once it is fully operational. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference, over to Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna, for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 

 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
October 28, 2021   
Page 22 of 22 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Thank you everyone for listening in on the call today and attending. We have had some very 
proactive questions. I am very thankful to all of you for these. We do also take inspiration from 
this questions and also some guidance. And I can assure you, there is a couple of points raised 
today, which I would like to take at a strategic level within the Company as well. What we do 
of cause, I can’t comment on, but there has been some very proactive and positive questions 
which I take value out of. 
I thank you all for this and we look forward to a bright future and take advantage of the AZO 
scale-up that is potential over the next 5 years. And we also will work hard to mitigate the 
challenges of this ‘Holy Trinity’ raw material, cost increases that we are faced. They may put 
Q-on-Q challenges from time to time in EBITDA percentage is but we are confident of 
returning back to our main, on a normal basis, on a sustainable basis. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman on behalf of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may not disconnect your lines. 
