Website: www.glpcl.com
AN
1009<101.1(1101
IMOl.'OOOI
CO¥PAHV
Surat lignite Power Plant:
Village: Nani Naroli, Tal. Mangrol, Dist: Surat 394110 Gujarat,INDIA
Phone: EPABX(02629) 261063 to 261072Fax:261080
Email:
genslpp@glpcl.com
Regd.Office & Vadodara Plant:
P.O.Ranoli- 391 350, Dlst,Vadodara,Gujarat -INDIA
Phone: EPABX(0265) 2232768Fax:2230029
Email:asthaki<arl!ilgipcl.com
Encl.: As above
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ries Power Company Ltd.
Thanking you,
Kindly take the above on your records and acknowledge the receipt.
With reference to our letter dated 17th November, 2021 regarding Conference Call scheduled on
23,d November, 2021, post declaration
of Unaudited
Financial Results of the Company for the
Second Quarter
ended
on 30th
September,
2021, we
are enclosing
herewith
a copy of the
transcription
of Conference Call held on 23,d November, 2021. The aforesaid information
is also
disclosed on the website of the company at www.gipcl.com.
Sub: Transcription of conference call held on 23,dNovember, 2021
Dear Sir / Madam,
Scrip Symbol: GIPCL.
Scrip Code: 517300
Date: so= November, 2021
Ref.:2021/SE/Letter _AnalystMeet_ outcome
GUJARAT INDUSTRIES POWER COMPANY LTD.
Regd. Office:
P.O. Ranoli - 391350,
Dist. Vadodara, Gujarat -INDIA
CIN:L99999GJ1985PLC007868
The General Manager
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
"Exchange Plaza", C-I, Block 'G',
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai: 400051.
The General Manager
Corporate Relations Department
BSELtd.
1st Floor, New Trading Ring
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai: 400001.

Page I of 15
SHRI K.K.BHATT - GENERAL MANAGER & CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER - GUJARAT INDUSTRIES POWER
COMPANY LIMITED
SHRI S.N. PUROHIT - CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER
(RENEW ABLE ENERGY AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS)-
GUJARA T INDUSTRIES POWER COMPANY LIMITED
SHRI A.S. THAKKAR - COMPANY SECRETARY AND
COMPLIANCE OFFICER - GUJARAT INDUSTRIES
POWER COMPANY LIMITED
MANAGEMENT:
November 23,2021
"Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
Q2 and H 1 FY2022 Post Results Conference Call"

Page 2 of 15
Thank: you. Bhatt Sir thank you. This time the generation data was ou the website immediately
after the results, where we can see and understand. The first question I have is on the renewable
business. I am trying to understand what would be our normal EBITDA from the renewable
segment after commercialization of the new capacity and in have my numbers right ballpark we
would have invested about 2000 Crores in renewable. So. if you can just give some sense of the
likely EBITDA? Would it be close to 280 Crores, would it be more, some number?
Thank you, Mr. Rahul. Now shall we start the conference call?
With this brief introduction, 1 would like to hand over the call to Shri K.K. Bhatt, GM and CFO
who will take the lead now.
TIle shareholding pattern of the company in briefis as follows: Around 56% with promoters, 8%
with the government and PSUs, 4.6% with mutual funds, 1.5% with insurance companies, 2.2%
with NRI.
1.7% with FPL foreign portfolio investors, 1.1% with banks, 22% with public and
others are 3.21%.
Under the growth plans we would like to inform you that the company has already commissioned
its 100·MW
solar PV project which was awarded by GUVNL under the competitive bidding
route at Raghanesda Solar Park District, Raghanesda Gujarat effective from August 10, 2021.
Another under the existing growth plan, the company has been allotted land at Great Rann of
Kutch, near Khavda to setup 2375 MW of renewable energy park. This Park will be developed
as a part of prestigious 30 gigawatt RE Park plan in the Great Rann of Kutch and the entire RE
Park capacity is expected to be completed inaround live year's time with at least 50% of the total
capacity within a period of three years.
The company has a diversified portfolio of thermal, wind, and solar power plants in the state of
Gujarat which includes 310·MW MW
gas-based station at Vadodara, 500·MW
Surat Lignite
Power Plant at Surat, 262·MW solar power plants located at various areas of Gujarat and 112.4·
MW wind power project located at various areas of Gujarat.
Thank:you Mr. Modi. A very good afternoon and a wann welcome to our valuable investors and
analysts from the GrpCL Management team. As such, you all would be aware about the
company, however, I would like to brief au the same. GlPCL was incorporated ill 1985 as a
Public Limited Company and is having its registered office at P.O. Ranoli, Vadodara 391 350,
Gujarat, India, and the company has been promoted by Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited
(GUVNL), Gujarat Slate Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited (GSFC) and Gujarat Alkalies and
Chemicals Limited (GACL). The company's equity shares are listed Oil BSE and NSE and the
company is engaged in the business of electrical power generation with the present installed
generation capacity of 1184.4 NI'N.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
PaW3n Nahal':
K.I(. Bhatt:
A.S. Thakkar:

Page 3 of 15
This 50 Crores is going to be in the gross block, right because it is laud, as you have explained
earlier? So it is 110tCWIP. By when do you think, like we would have done let us say capex lhis
year, next year when do we hope to see some leverage in the balance sheet?
We have spent around Rupees 70 Crores roughly in the Khavda project, from which around 50
Crores for the land and certain activities we have already started, soil testing and we have already
appointed consultants
lor PMC and all.
Rupees 300 Crores, so literally we do not have debt. Now the question is ROE will come when
we have leverage because that is much needed. By when do you think we will start seeing some
leverage and also we would have spent some money for Khavda this year, as we speak, let us say
September or till now, how much have we spent?
Roughly it is around Rupees 300 Crores.
We would have cash flow too right now with us?
See, we have only 400 Crores of debt available on the books as on date having interest rates of
around 5_25% to 5.3%for RE Division only. Thermal Division
is totally debt free.
The other thing what Iwanted to ask you that what would be the debt on our balance sheet right
now, gross and net?
But what you are saying is theoretically
correct, but practically
it depends 011 quarter-to-quarter
and also it depends on the performance basis. It may happen in some quarter, it may be down and
insome quarter, by recouping
the fixed cost from the basis of commercial
availability,
it may go
up, but as the year end, what figures we are taLking about it will land over there.
510 Crores to 520 Crores, That is useful. Generally this we should assume as a new normal, so
ballpark
about 130 Crores should be the run rate from now on, ballpark?
J mean, there will be
some seasonality
given the renewable patterns, but ballpark, 510 Crores to 520 Crores for the full
year and divide by four for the quarter'!
210 Crores plus 60 Crores that means
from RE EBlTDA
would be around 270 Crores
and
Thermal Division
it would be around 250 Crores. The company as a whole EBITDA would be
around 510 Crores to 520 Crores.
No, I am only talking about renewable.
Thank you Mr. Pawan.
Basically if you ask me right now the EBITDA
level of RE Division is
around 200 Crores to 210 Crorcs but by adding the capacity of I 00 MW
yearly EBITDA
would
be hovering around 460 Crores to 470 Crores roughly.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23,2021
Pawan Nahar:
1<.1<. Bhatt:
Pawan
Nulla!":
K.K. Bhatt:
Pawan Nahar:
K.K. Bhatt:
Pawan Nahal':
K.1(. Bhatt:
Pawan Nahar:
K.K. Bhatt:
Pawan
Naha r :
K.K. Bhatt:

Page 4 of 15
So, there is no other under recovery in any of the power plants?
See the under recovery right now from SLPP I is around 13 Crores roughly and as per the
commercial availability wbat we envisage right lI0W of the station by the end of this year we
would be recovering more or less not fully 13 Crores, but roughly we will land with under
recovery of4 - 5 Crores somewhere around.
Good evening Sir. Sir, the first question is wbat was the under recovery due to the lower
availability in HI FY2022 and do YOIl expect the availability to improve so that you're under
recovery becomes zero by FY2022 for all the thermal power plant?
Thank you. I will wait. Thank you so much,
Yes.
In terms of percentage of new capex?
Yes. EHITDA for the present level ofEBITDA
is there, the same level ofEBITDA
will remain
continuing.
Fine and is it a fair thing to assume that the capex will depend whatever is the price for per MW ?
But ballpark Call we continue to assume that your EBIIDA will remain around 14% of-the capex
that we do?
Then Phase"
600 IVIW February 2024, and May 2025 600 MW .
November 2023 is 600 MW then?
Yes..
600 MW , November this is commercialization you mean?
600MW .
Can you please repeat this, again November 2023 500 MW ?
Basically as per the available timelines, by the end of road project that is going to be completed
by January 2022 so we have the first timeline
of 50% completion by three years down the line
that is 2022 January plus three years means 2025. But we are targeting our capacity additions, i.e.
in the phase I - 600 MW, by November 2023 and phase II - 600 IvIW, by February 2024 and
phase III by May 2025, This is our target.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23,2021
Mohit Kumar':
KK. Bhatt:
Mohil Kumar:
Pawan Nahal':
1(,1(, Bhatt:
Pawan Nahal':
1(.1(, Bhatt
Pnwun Nahal':
K.K, Bhatt
Pnwnn Nahal':
1(.1(, Bhatt:
Pawan Nahal':
1(.[(, Bhatt:
Pawan Nahal':
K.K. Bhatt:

Page 5 of J5
Just one clarification,
in one of the CNBC interviews,
you had mentioned
that we will easily do
Rupees 300 Crores profit this year, in FY2022. Can you comment upon it? Was there a mistake
in speaking that or have J understood
it incorrectly?
Thank you.
Thank you. Best of luck.
That is what [am telling you, 1500 to 1600 MW by 2025 capacity addition in three phases.
Sir, my question
is that is there any target which you want
10 achieve in terms of capacity
addition over the next four to five years in tenus of renewable?
What you are saying is correct. Our role is the RE park developer,
but as such we are lobbying
with the MNRE to get the exemption
for participating
in our own park, if not possible, then we
will go out 10 have tile bid through the NTPC or GSEC park, so that at least capacity addition
would be there, so same way vice versa GSEC will invest and GSEC will do in our park, like that
we may have internal arrangement.
But that is not in our balance sheet right that we have 10 participate,
that is more like developer
kind of model, correct?
We would be adding the capacity in RE only and the next tour-five years, we have already been
awarded Khavda project, wherein the capacity addition by next 3 years would be around
1500 to
l600MW.
Going forward do we expect more of investments
in renewable
or completely
renewable
and is
there any target capacity, which you have in mind over UJe next four to five years, is the number
which you have in mind that I want to achieve so and so number?
1.00 MW which we have capitalized
on August
10, 2021, total capex is 500 Crores and DC
loading is 1.5 and cur is around 29.1.
Secondly on tile 100 MW, which was commissioned
in August 2021 what are tile capital cost and
what is tile kind ofPLF
we expect from this particular power plant and what are the the loading
ratio?
Because the rimeline with the 100% leverage ofthe plant, availability
in the next four months, we
can take somewhere
around
under recovery
of 4-5 Crores
would be there. We have ample
headroom
because we have already insurance claims pending with the insurance companies
for
the material damage, so 1 think that loss will get recouped in the next financial year or may be in
this financial year also based on the insurance company admittance of the claim.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23,2021
Dhruvesh
Sanghvi:
K.K
Bhatt:
Mobit
Kumar:
KK.
Bhatt:
Mohit
Kuma r :
K.K. Bhatt:
Mobit
Kumar:
K.K. Bhatt:
Mobit
Kumar:
KK.
Bhatt:
Muhit
Kumar:
K.K. Bhatt:

Page 6 of 15
Sir, one more point, about I think there are so many news articles which keep coming that India
will [lot renew the pricing for the thermal power plants, once the current contracts are titIfilled.
Yes.
This depreciation
is after the decrease that happened in the thermal power plant, I think ill the last
concall, you bad mentioned about it, so tilis is after that?
The depreciation
part what you are seeing in the current quarter, it will continue for the next 10
to 12 years thereafter it will again go down because the thermal station as per PPA, depreciation
is recoverable
through tariff so the tariff portion depreciation
which was recovered
through the
iarin'
up to last year was at the rate of 5.28% and after the repayment
of term loans, the
depreciation
now would be balance which will be recovered
in the balance
useful life of the
plant. So, now we are recovering only 2% depreciation
through tariff and charging it ill the books
of accounts thai is the reason depreciation
has fallen down, but from this quarter now this figure
will
continue,
some
amount
will
be
added
because
the
new
renewable
100 MW
was
.commissioned
in the month of August
and for that particular
station,
depreciation
has been
considered
for one and a half months somewhere,
next quarter this 37 Crores will slightly go up
but (hereafter it will remain as it is, till we add the capacity again.
Sir, just generally, just a feedback
here, whenever you get a chance to speak, in the common
platform, the word profits will typically mean profit after tax and you are using profits as profit
before tax. So, my suggestion
is to just to use the correct language so that general people can also
understand
what you are saying. So that is one. The second part here is Oil the depreciation
front,
can yon just help us understand
what will be the new depreciation
normal, wh ieh we should
consider the September
quarter as 37 Crores of depreciation
for our enure, multiplied by four and
maintain that for a couple of years, is that a correct matrix or something else?
No, we are talking about ouly profit before tax. We are rigbt now in the MAT. So, the provisions
what we are seeing in the books of accounts is only the deferred tax and provision for lVIAT.
Sir, this is net profit after tax, right, just to clarify?
No. There was nothing like mistake. 11was the budgeted
and the capable target. If you see our
balance sheet for last two years, we are very near 10 300 Crores plus one year and oue year, it
was 290 Crores with the capacity addition,
we were having our target of 300 Crores plus but
looking at the S['PP
I issue, i.e. unit n was down and which wenl tor one and a hal f months
more, for getting back to the mainstream,
that was the reason we were and 1l0Walso mayor
may
not be in a position tu meet the target what has been told 300 Crores. We may lend around 275 -
280 crores, i.e. shortfall of 20 -22 Crores, somewhere,
but we are trying our best to reach very
near to 300.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23,2021
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:
K.I(. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:
K.I(. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:
1(.1(. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Snnghvi:
K.K. Bhntt:

Page 7 of 15
These are all our future thought process, wherein we will be working on this battery storage,
hydrogen, our separate wing is there, who work on tills, so this kind of activities, on the pilot
We can plan for our battery storage, hydrogen, because we have all infrastructure available here
at Vadodara location. So, we can very welJ plan and we are planning also.
Land is owned by Gll'CL. We can use it for any other purpose.
So, in case, whenever in the next four-five years, if the decision comes across that we want to
dismantle but is this land usable into anything else. 1 do not think it is a big land, is what I hear.
What can he done here?
What you lire saying is correct. That is the reason we have switched our focus to renewable for
capacity addition, because now the availability of gas as per the central government policy it is
very difficult to get the APM gas for the station, but still we are running this station for our
captive requirement of our promoters wherein we are ready to buy our power at a competitive
rate, if it is competitive and better price than the price of the State Electricity Board
commercially. so as and when we get again the opportunity we will again revise the station for
their requirements and second thing Iwould like to touch upon this plant has already completed
its life but the plant is still available above 90 because we have maintained the plant and till
promoters are ready to buy we will continue this station and thereafter we will think what to do
with this plant, either dismantle, what you are saying action may be taken on that line also.
Okay. Sir and similarly, on the gas side, now first question is in the last five years, I think we
have not had any meaningful revenue out of gas, is that right, apart from one time six months
where one of the plant was running, on a broad level. four, five years we have not had anything,
so is there any possibility of just dismantling that plant or something like that or any thoughts on
that areas, two parts?
Right now it is too early to speak on this but let me inform you that as per the PPA renovation
and modernization clause is there and under that clause, we can represent to GUVNL for
extension of this station with some additional cost for renovation and with that if the cost is
competitive they are going to buy from these station for another 10 to 15 years till the availability
of the raw material is there.
So should we assume that once existing contracts of thermal power plants that we have are
completed in terms of timelines may be between 2030 and 2040 depending upon which plant we
are talking about one or two, is there some thought or internal talk or what your thoughts that
because plant will have the life, you will have the coal, will you be producing as per today's
context or it is so unclear that nothing can be said about it right now?
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
K.K. Bhatt:
S.N. Purohit:
1<.1(.Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Snnghvi:
I(.K. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:
I(.K. Bhatt:

Page 8 of 15
Thanks Sir. Iwill join back the queue and thanks a lot for the conference call.
Now 1think post this safeguard duty the tariff have already started going up, certain cases, it is
now Rs.2.70 paise, Rs.2.75 paisa we have the information
so it is going to have the addition in
the tariff only.
Sir, are there examples now that with the increased price, the rates are going lip because
generally in general newspaper reading, we see rates are still coming dO\~11,Imean if that is (rue
costs are going up, rates are coming down then how will the ROEs be maintained?
See. it depends, What kind of and where we are putting. At our own location that is Sural
wherein we have available land after mining, wherein we are doing ourselyes but the location
like Khavda and remote locations we generally prefer cost competitiveness so we go for EPC
also, because we have 10 bid back-to-buck in the OUVNL tender tor the pricing.
Do we do our own EPe or we generally hire a third-party EPC contractor for setting up this and
what is the plan in the future.
PV module cost then Ithink 4 Crores per MW would be the cost roughly.
Assuming the same?
Since it depends because what kind of land where you are potting, your PV modules, all these
factors to be considered for cost. ..
But then is the metric of 600 Crores approximately correct number because not everything would
have risen, or it is less, we should count 650 Crores?
See, the prices of the module has gone up 20% to 30% if J am not wrong, with the SOD i.e.
safeguard duty on the PV model, so naturally the costs will go up and with that tariff will also go
up, whosoever who bid for the new tariff in the new location, naturally he will add to the tariff
orily for next 25 years.
Sir, one more question on the overall industry i.ngeneral. So, before pandemic and today, the cost
price of solar panels and general inflation has led to ahuge increase, so previously when we used
to say that one MW costs 5 Crores and I think, in your case, you just explained that 100-I"vIW
solar plant cost you 500 Crores, the same power plant today would cost 500 Crores or will the
cost rise to 600 Crores odd?
space can be considered at this location wherein we have all the facilities available at these
locations.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
Dhruvesh Saoghvi:
K.K. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Saoghvi:
KK. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Saogbvi:
K.K. Bbntt:
Dhruvcsh Saogbvi:
K.K. Bhntt:
Dhruvesh Sangbvi:
1<.1<. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:

Page 9 of 15
O&M would be around fixed number or which we are going to charge per MW
but wherein the
profit component what I am talking to you after removing all the cost which we will be incurring
Sir, Oil the O&M part, you said 12% to 13% return, so this is also a part ofth.is equity, I mean this
12% to 13% is as a percentage of equity itself or is it a fixed number for O&M?
It depends. If we infuse more equity, we may get more also, but we have to see how much we are
going for capacity addition and according to OUI financial we will decide at the appropriate
time,
how much we want to load equity in the RE park and bow much equ.ity we want to park in Ibis
project.
So, we will get 16% return on 30% of this 1000 Crores basically.
In total it would be around 1000-1050 Crores something
Iike that, it will be hovering around that
figure only.
In total?
Yes.
For the first phase?
I think 300 Crores is the total cost of the park for Phase-l 600 MW.
Sir, two questions on this, firstly OLl the capex front for the park development, Iunderstand
we
have incurred 70 Crores what would be the total amount over here just for the park development?
Basically Khavda location we have these two roles, one is the RE park developer wherein as per
the equity contribution,
we are supposed to get around
16% return on the equity component.
So
that will be built in the UDC and we are going to get certain return around, we ",~IImaintain 12%
to 13% return on equity on the maintenance part. Maintenance
would be for the entire life of the
plant that is 25 years, wherein we are going to get around 12% to 13% returns and another is on
the UDC that is upfront development
charge, wherein we are going to get around 16% return on
the eqnity component
which we will be infusing. This is about the park developer what you want
to know and what we are going to get out of that.
Thank you so much for the opportunity.
Sir, wanted to understand
on this solar park, which we
are developing,
now I understand that we are trying to get some capacity to develop as well, but
in the events that we stay purely a park's developer
and do not develop any further capacity, ill
that case, also I believe, government
had worked out certain
revenues
recently for the parks
developer.
So, in case, we do 110tdevelop
any renewable
capacity,
what type of revenue we
would be earning at Khavda?
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
K.K. Bhatt:
Apoorva Bahadur:
K.K. Bhatt:
ApOOI'VIl Bahadur:
K.K. Bhatt:
Apuorva
Bahadur:
K.K. BhaU:
Apoorva
Bahadur:
((.K. Blmtt:
Apuorva
Bahndur:
K.K. Blmtt:
Apoorva
Bahadur:

Page 10 of 15
Lovely so tbat is why you are saying that out of this 13 also 5 will be recouped, I mean, anotber
7- 8 will he recouped that was one. second was Bhatt Sir given that we have spent 500 Crores on
tbe IOO-MW 1.5 DC loading and YQU said CUF of 29% so would.not a realistic estimate be a
higher EBITDA like closer to 70 plus Crores from this?
7 Crores we have recouped ill this.
So you mean to say 13 Crores is lor the lirst half which means 7 Crores has been recovered.
See first quarter it was 20 Crores now it is 13Crores.
Thank you again. Sir you have mentioned 13 Crores as under recovery for SLPP 1. Is that for
second quarter or lirst half?
Sure done. Thanks a lot Sir this is very useful.
That area bas not been explored but we are open to that proposition also. If some industry come
forward for getting tbe power at a very competitive rate so we would be ready ro give tbem also,
not an issue.
Good to know that. Sir lastly on this just wanted to understand if this we are working to leverage
our legacy of basically working very closely with the industries in Gujarat and this is for helping
them meet their net zero commitments, so essentially are we looking to set up say open access
renewable projects or cascade enabled projects [or the various industries which wherein we have
had relationships very long relationship also there. Are we thinking on those lines?
See, we are not falling into that particular what has been declared we are out ofthat.
Make sense Sir. Secondly there was this DID issue
had halted actually construction at
transmission line in certain areas. Is our park also affected by this or it is a separate thing may be
we are in touch?
Yes, escalation would be there.
111iswould obviously escalate over the life of the cost?
31akh.
Sir what would be the O&M cost per MW rough estimate?
back-to-back we will be getting 12% to 13%return on tbe O&M component which we are going
to charge to the project.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
Pawan Nahal':
1<.K. BhaU:
Pawan Nahal':
I('K.Bhatt:
Pawnn Nuhol':
Apnorva Bnhadur:
K.K. Bhatt:
Apoorva Bahndur:
I('K.Bhatt:
Apoorva Bahadur:
K.I(. Bhatt:
Apoorva Bahadur:
K.K. BbaU:
Apoorva Bahadur:

Page 11 of 15
Thanks for taking Illy question.
Sir my call got discounected
Sir, so il maybe a repetition of a
question but could you just Ihrow some light 011 the status
011 the Khavda project development
Thank you. I am done.
Correct.
So that should
not really change
materially
barring
inflation
whatever
happens
even going
forward whenever the PPA has to get renewed right will remain very competitive?
Yes.
One more clarification Bhatt Sir SLPP our variable cost is if I recall right kind of merit order list
we saw like lop quartile of that right?
Like we are exploring the different battery storage because Government
of India is also giving
thrust on the battery storage and green hydrogen
so we are studying
this proposition
for our
Baroda plant as well as for Kbavda last phase also Sir. because
technology
at present is very
premature stage, commercial
part. When it is commercially
viable we will be ready to implement
all this battery storage as well as green nitrogen in our Khavda project Sir so if you see our fourth
phase, this will be what we are exploring and we are exploring
from our Europe market.
Yes, Mr. Purohit
please call you explain
that about the point you made on the key storage
hydrogen like where would the technology
come from and bow confident
you are that we will
actually do this?
This technology is right now not very specifically
available in India. we have CGM RE & BO, he
will give the answer to these questions so because he is involved in this particular project so I
will hand over it to Mr. S.N. Purohit.
There was this mention
about us having a range 10 explore new businesses around hydrogen
and
storage, I mean, of course understand this is very, very nascent but this would be I mean like
where would we get that technology
from?
What you are saying is correct it is 59% CUF, IfCUF
goes up 30% somewhere so we may lend
around 60- 65 also but it depends.
This seems a little less.
I have already checked up Illy projection
there is around the 60 is the EBITDA
so roughly [ am
expecting
around 55.
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23,2021
Anuj Upadhyay:
PnwanNahal':
K.K. Bhatt:
Pawan Nahal':
K.K. Bhatt:
Pawan
Nahal':
S.N. Purohit:
Pawan
Nahal':
K.K. Bhatt:
Pawan
Nahal':
K.K. Bhatt:
Pawan
Nahal':
K.K. Bhatt:

Page 12 of 15
Yes.
Thanks for providing the opportunity. So basically for Khavda Park either in form ofthe UDC or
in form of the commissioning of the capex commissioning of the solar plant will get the first
revenue only in may be last quarter ofFY2023 or may be first quarter ofFY2024 right".
Fair enough Sir. That is it from my side. Thank you.
The present CUF is around 29% which is better than any other projects and we lire expecting
what we have projected 12% ROI greater than 12% and in our existing project that is RO MW
SEC! wherein we are getting more than 12% ROI that much 1can say.
Sir bow are our existing solar projects performing in terms of the IRR and what is the good target
for the Khavda site'?
Parallelly with us GSEC is also going parallelly so their timeliue is also matching with GIPCL
timeline so we will bid in this GSEC tender also if at all we are uot going to get chance in our the
RE Park.
Any options which you will get that if 1remember correctly Sir you had mentioned that we
cannot develop those projects ill our 01'1111 land so either we have to scout out for some other PSUs
so would it be NTPC or some other PSU where we can take?
Before that Sir we have already started, i.e. our PMC consultant have started preparing tender for
the internal cooling substations road, drainage, diesel emission plants all these park infrastructure
tendering process is on and within three months all our park development tenders will come out
parallelly.
Last quarter of the current financial
year GUVNL may be coming with the tender for Ibis
particular sale.
We have already submitted the DPR to the MNRE and GUVNL so GUVNL will come lip with a
tender mostly ill January 2022 to March 2022.
See the Kbavda project activities are going on at full swing, 1. would like to say that road which is
likely to be required for the project which is the first requirement it is most likely be completed
by the month of January 2022 and we are proposing 600 MW in the first phase wherein floating
of render for PMC by June 2021 and draft to RSP for RE park will be in November 2021.
and also by when can we expect the tendering to begin the bidding to begin for the solar projects
over there?
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
K.K. Bhatt:
Vaibhav Badjatia:
Anuj Upadhyay:
K.I(. Bhatt:
Anu] Upadhyay:
K.K. Bhatt:
Anuj Upatlhyay:
S.N. Puruhit:
K.K. Bhatt:
S.N. Purohit:
K.K. Bhatt:

Page 13 of 15
As of now, it is very difficult to tell you because we have to see what are all the shutdowns and
everything looking at the running of the plants we have to take so but roughly we would he
targeting around 300 Crores plus next year.
Sir FY2023 basically for next year so the next year wiJlmostly be a year where there will be all
plants operating probably all a normal basis full year so what would be our PST projection for
next year FY2023?
You are absolutely correct. There would be slightly increase in the tax burden because of the
capacity addition. See the depreciation rate as per the Income Tax Act where interest is there,
deterred tax is all the higher side.
Yes that I understand. So for the next two quarters as well there will be well there will be
increase in deferred tax because T think we have commissioued this solar plant here so?
Particularly what we were seeing that 27% that figure is the deferred tax so if you break the
figure between deferred and MAT then only we arepaying MAT and deferred tax is as you know
it is only provision as per the accounting standard.
Yes, so basically MAT plus other tax item that comes into the P&L that is like for first quarter it
was around 27% and 32% lor second quarter.
We are presently in MAT only.
Sir for FY2022 as you said that you might do to 270 -280 Crores ofPBT and our tax rate would
be how much because of the two quarters our tax rate seems to be relatively on a total basis and if
not talking about MAT?
See this is demand related issue you have to see commercial availability wherein we are available
above 80% so we are getting the full fixed cost.
Yes, understood so it was in July okay so tbat partly explains but on SLPP2 also our PLF went
down to 72% from 81% in Q I so it was largely seasonal or there was some other power demand
related issues or any other issues?
The SLPP I is having two units. Unit 1 is running very well, second unit which started in July so
now we are recouping the commercial availabilities which we have lost during the first four
months for this station.
Sir for PLF of SLPP I so SLPPI started normally functioning at the start of the quarter itself
right if! am not wrong?
GujaratIndustries Power Company Limited
November 23,2021
K.K. Bhatt:
Vuibhav
Badjatiu:
K.I(. Bhatt:
Vaibhav
Badjatia:
K.K. Bhatt:
Vaibhav
Badjatia:
K.K. Bhatt:
Vnibhav
Badjatia:
K.I(. Bhatt:
Vaibhav
Badjatia:
K.K.
Bhatt:
valbhav
Batljatta:

Page 14 of 15
Sir from 2005 onwards we have not recruited against any retired employees of the station.
Number of people have resigned and retired, we have not recruited them. Over and above
whenever we feel that plant performance plant operation is reducing then we have already
diverted our manpower from existing RE O&M and RE project. We have not recruited any single
manpower for the RE cell also. So for RE project, RE O&M we are using the same manpower.
We have a very keen manpower right now so if our plant is closed also we do not have any
excess manpower or the burden.
No, Sir I am talking more from an end-of-life perspective of t.heplant let us say we are talking
about our gas power plant which was shut what happens then if there are employees or let us say
in 2030 when the renewing of the PPAs do not happen for our thermal power plaut what happens
to the employee count and do we have to retire them how does this work at that time?
See the employee cost is always on a continuous basis. There is nothing like employee cost when
the power plant is under AOF so we do not have to pay the employee cost because in the period
of AOF employee has to work more hard to bring back the machines into the operation again.
Sir can you talk a little bit about the overall employee cost and bow it will shape up in the future,
one. Second - broader age profile of the employees and how do we do the provision because what
happens when a power plant shuts down, does the employee cost keeps continuing or we can
discontinue their services or retire them in some format if you can give us a long-term
understanding of how this works?
Understand. That isit from my side. Thanks a lol.
Basically plant is very oJd and we will maintain it within the availahle EOS period this whoJe
year and we will recover fixed cost further next year if we recover the full fixed cost we would
be lending 300 Crores plus somewhere the PBT.
I cannot hear you. Ithink you are breaking up in-between Sir, I am not sure if others are able to
hear you.
Yes, because see basically this station is running on lignite which is a very kind of fuel which is
corrosive and we have to take care of the machines from tbe beginning of every year and AOS
and POS both has to be taken according to this and if you look at the life of the plant which is
now unit SLPP J is 20 years old 2022 years, so the maintenance bas to be done on the unit basis
based 011 the evaJuation every year, so we may be somewhere with lower recovery of fixed cost
also in the next year. We are assuming right now maybe but we will try to see that we maintain
everything within the available timelinc and we recover all.
Are we planning any shutdowu for SLPP I or any unit of it?
Gujarat Industries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
S.N. Purohit:
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:
KK Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:
Vaibhav Badjutia:
((.((. Bhntt:
Vaibhav Badjatia:
J(.I(. Bhatt:
Vaibhav
Badjatia:

Page 15of 15
Thank you Mr. Modi from fCIC! Securities. On behalf of the management, we would like to
thank you all the participants, be it the investors Of the analysts for their interactive participation
and interest in the company. Thank you.
Thank you Jacob. 1would like to thank the senior management ofGJPCL especially a big thanks
to Mr. Bhatt, Mr. Thakkar, and Mr. Purohit for your time today for a very interactive session. I
would like to haudover the call to the management for any closing comments. Thank you very
much Sir.
J understand. Fine. Thank you.
Everything. Mining, gratuity, medical expense everything has been covered in that, what you are
saying as the employee benefit means including all benefits.
So when we see the employee expense to be around 106 Crores does it include the mining related
labor charges?
There is nothing like division. Basically Sural Lignite Power Plant is the thermal station having
lignite so wherein the around 300 is workforce and the balance 100-125 is RE and the Baroda
Station. We have only very thin manpower which is around 500.
Sir so is there a division in terms of how many people works towards thermal power side gas side
and renewable?
GujaratIndustries Power Company Limited
November 23, 2021
A.S. Thakkar:
Rahnl Modi:
Dhruvesh Sanghvi:
K.K. Bhatt:
Dhruvcsh Sanghvi:
1(.1(. Bhatt:
Dhruvesh Sanghvl:
