Head, Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 539957; MGL  
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra —Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051 
Script Symbol: MGL 
For Mahanagar Gas Limited 
• \ -11 
Atu Prabhu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
wt 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MAHANAGAR 
GAS 
Ref: MGL/CS/SE/2021/414 	
Date: November 18, 2021 
To, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we submit herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call on Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021 held 
on October 27, 2021, 
You are requested to take the above information on your records and disseminate the same on 
your website. 
(‘ Encl.: a/a 
Regd. Office: MGL House, Block G-33, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
T+ 91 22 6678 50001E info@mahanagargas.com 1W www.mahanagargas.com 1CIN L40200MH1995PLC088133 
An ISO 9001, 14001 & OHSAS 18001 Certified Company 

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Mahanagar Gas Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY2022 Earnings Call” 
 
October 27, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. HARSH DOLE – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJIB DATTA - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY SHENDE - DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL RANADE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH WAGLE - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
MARKETING - MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH PATEL – VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE - 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Mahanagar Gas Limited Q2 & H1 
FY2022 Earnings Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Harsh Dole from IIFL Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Harsh Dole: 
Thank you. Greetings everyone. On behalf of IIFL Securities I welcome you all for the 
second quarter earnings call of Mahanagar Gas. We will discuss the results in detail and 
share the outlook. We have the entire senior management team of the company. It is my 
pleasure to introduce you to Mr. Sanjib Datta, Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay Shende, 
Deputy Managing Director, Mr. Sunil Ranade, CFO, Mr. Rajesh Wagle, SVP Marketing, 
Mr. Rajesh Patel, VP, Finance. I would first request the management to make opening 
remarks subsequent to which we can have the Q&A. Over to you Jill. 
Management Representative: 
Thank you Harsh. Before we begin I would like to mention the some of the statements 
made in today’s discussion may be forward-looking in nature and we believe that 
expectations contained in the statement are reasonable. However, the nature involves the 
number of risks and uncertainties that may lead to different results. The risks and 
uncertainties related to these statements include but are not limited to risks and uncertainties 
regarding fluctuations in sales volume, fluctuations in foreign exchange, other costs, and 
our ability to manage growth. Please note the quarterly numbers are not reflection of long-
term trends or an indication of full year results and they should not be attempted to be 
extrapolated or interpolated into full year number. With this I will hand over to the 
management for their opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Sanjib Datta: 
Thank Madam. Good afternoon and welcome to the earnings conference call of Mahanagar 
Gas Limited for the second quarter of the FY2021-2022. I would like to thank all of you 
who have connected for our earnings call today. The outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in 
2020 and its second wave in April 2021 resulted in significant disturbances and slowdown 
of economic activities. The company’s operations were impacted due to the lockdown, this 
has resulted in reduction of sales volume across all categories except for domestic PNG 
where it is used mainly for cooking. Subsequently the overall COVID-19 pandemic 
situation has improved considerably and economic activities have returned to normalcy to a 
large extent. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
As far as the gas sector is concerned, India’s domestic natural gas production in Q2 of 
FY2021-2022 was 8.57 BCM which is an increase of 23% compared to the same period in 
last year. However, spot LNG prices also witnessed a steep rise primarily fuelled by high 
demand and shortages in Europe, China, and other regions. PNGRB under its 11-bid ground 
has floated a tender on September 17, 2021, inviting application cum bid documents for 
grant of authorization for 65 geographical areas across India. The last date for submission of 
bid is December 15, 2021. 
 
Coming to MGL operations, I may mention that we are continuously expanding our CGD 
network in the existing license areas. During the quarter, 78,214 domestic households were 
connected and thus we have established connectivity for nearly 1.71 million households. 
We have laid 49.36 kilometers of steel and PE pipelines thereby taking the aggregated 
pipeline lengths to over 6000 kilometers. We have added three new CNG stations and with 
these, we currently have 277 stations. 
 
We have also added 77 industrial and commercial consumers and thus as on quarter end, we 
have 4219 industrial and commercial customers. In order to expand the footprints of CNG 
where land availability is a serious constraint, we have deployed a mobile refueling unit at 
Ajivali in Navi Mumbai. Subsequently MGL issued an advertisement inviting request for 
proposal from interested parties to put up more MRUs in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Thane 
and Mira, Bhayander area. Response has been received from 11 parties which are being 
evaluated. 
 
Additionally, in order to expand the user base in CNG, MGL is proactively promoting 
adoption of CNG in long haul commercial vehicle, this has  been made possible with 
availability of type 4 CNG cylinders in the market. MGL is in advanced stage of 
discussions with MSRTC for retro fitment of buses from HSD to CNG with type 4 
cylinders. Parallelly MGL is also trying to promote retro fitment of few trucks and trailers 
belonging to prominent fleet owners of Mumbai as a proof-of-concept study. MGL is also 
exploring the possibility of retro fitment of large-scale commercial vehicles from single fuel 
that is HSD only to dual fuel that is HSD and CNG. 
 
In respect of our Raigad GA, we are connected to 45617 domestic households and 21 CNG 
stations are currently operational. During the quarter, we have laid 13.12 kilometers of 
pipeline in Raigad GA thereby taking total length of pipeline to 281.93 kilometers.  
 
Our sales volume for Q2 FY2021-2022 is at 3.124 MMSCMD and is higher than pre-
COVID average of 2.951 MMSCMD for the FY2019-2020. Average sales volume for Q2 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 22 
FY2021-2022 of 3.124 MMSCMD is consisting of CNG volume of 2.234 MMSCMD, 
domestic PNG volume of 0.451 MMSCMD and industrial and commercial volume of 0.439 
MMSCMD. 
 
There is an increase of 30.3% in the overall sales volume compared to previous quarter, as 
April and May 2021 were impacted due to the second wave of COVID-19. Compared to the 
previous quarter sales volume in case of CNG has increased from 1.551 MMSCMD to 
2.234 MMSCMD which is an increase of 44.1%. In case of industrial and commercial sales 
volume has increased from 0.380 MMSCMD to 0.439 MMSCMD an increase of 15.5%. 
However, sales volume for domestic segment has marginally reduced from 0.468 
MMSCMD to 0.451 MMSCMD which is a decrease of 3.6%, mainly due to normalcy 
coming back and work from home has reduced. 
 
Current quarter EBITDA is Rs.302 Crores compared to previous quarter EBITDA of 
Rs.304 Crores. EBITDA margin is at 36.35% for Q2 compared to previous quarter 
EBITDA margin of 49.39%. Reduction in margin is mainly due to increase in spot gas 
prices observed from July 2021 onwards whereas alternate fuels linked to Brent did not 
have similar increase resulting in drop in industrial and commercial margins. Besides due to 
a sudden spurt in gas consumption in the priority segment due to ease in lockdown post 
May 2021, the requirement of gas went up more than the domestic gas allocation. The gap 
was bridged through use of spot gas for priority sales in the interest of consumers resulting 
in marginal drop in gross margin for CNG and domestic PNG. 
 
Net profit after tax for the quarter is at Rs.204 Crores same as the previous quarter. The 
government notified price of domestic natural gas has been revised from $1.79 MMBTU to 
$2.9 MMBTU with effect from October 1, 2021, a rise of 62%. In order to recover full 
impact of change in priority gas first, retail prices have increased in two tranches on 5th and 
then on October 14, 2021, for CNG and domestic PNG.  
 
Mr. Sunil Ranade, our present CFO is superannuating on October 31, 2021. Post his 
superannuation Mr. Rajesh Patel, Vice President, Finance who is working with the 
company for last 12 years shall take over as the CFO with effect from November 1, 2021. 
Many of you are acquainted with Mr. Ranade and have come across his proactive approach 
in dealing with the issues which are important for the investor community. With this I 
conclude, and I would now like to open the floor for questions. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. We will take the first question from the line of Probal Sen from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. I have two or three questions. One was this 
problem for the domestic and CNG segment, has that problem has resolved now, is it now 
back to 100%, 110% requirement as is a policy? 
Company Speaker: 
Are you talking with reference to the availability of APM gas for priority sector? 
Probal Sen: 
Yes sir. 
Company Speaker: 
We have requested through GAIL  to the ministry that some consideration should be given 
because there was obviously some shortage of supply. We are hopeful that some solution 
should be in sight in short time maybe it could be in the month of November also, we may 
have positive news. 
Probal Sen: 
But as of now Sir, how much is the shortage, is it possible to share of percentage or a range 
of how much you are having to supply from LNG to the priority sector? 
Company Speaker: 
In the second quarter, around 5% was supplied through RLNG in the priority segment. 
Probal Sen: 
And the same shortfall has continued as of now at least? 
Company Speaker: 
Maybe it might have marginally increased also. 
Probal Sen: 
As volumes have gone up even more so? 
Company Speaker: 
Rise in the volume has been very sharp in CNG. 
Probal Sen: 
Okay and Sir, the second question is a followup given the kind of LNG prices increased and 
yet we are keeping 5th as well as the 14th price increase in mind, is there a further margin 
softness that you are looking at for Q3, I know it is early days but given that commercial 
industrial margins are  benchmarked to LPG, at least the prices, is there still a leeway to 
pass on this huge impact or we might have to take a little bit of a hit given the kind of LNG 
prices we are seeing right now at least in Q3? 
Company Speaker: 
We will have to see on both front. One is on priority segment and another is as you rightly 
said industrial and commercial category. Priority segment we have already increased the 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 22 
prices in order recoup the cost, which was there in the APM price itself, we have already 
taken two price rises which I think MD has already described in his speech in the month of 
October. There is definitely an ability to pass through even further, but whatever increase 
was there from $1.79 to $2.90 almost we have passthrough already with respect to priority 
segment and we can till consider depending upon various factors whether third price rise 
will be required, this is as regards priority segment whereas in case of industrial and 
commercial category, yes it has been our sales price philosophy, selling price philosophy 
that we have been benchmarking our price indexed to alternate fuel prices. However, the 
contract has certain provisions where there will be further flexibility in the pricing also. We 
will be taking a call in that respect soon, but we will have to consider both the thing, we 
will have to balance it out. One is the margin perspective and another is obviously the 
volumes, but there will be a possibility and flexibility exists in the contract if we wish to do 
something further. 
Probal Sen: 
Got it Sir, last question if I may if we can share likely with the quarterly industrial and 
commercial volume separately for the quarter and the sale price on an average for both 
segments? 
Company Speaker: 
Commercial volume was 0.153 MMSCMD for this quarter, industrial was 0.286 
MMSCMD and price realization in case of restaurant category was Rs.46.67 per SCM 
whereas the industrial it was Rs.42.43 SCM. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you so much Sir. I will come back if I have more questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Somaiah V from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Somaiah V: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Continuing the alternate fuel prices, could you just provide the 
alternate fuel prices for the last quarter as well as what was the average this quarter versus 
the last quarter? 
Company Speaker: 
Right now, readily we do not have the data but we believe it should be available from the 
portals of the oil marketing companies. 
Somaiah V: 
Second question is with respect to new GAs, the 11 bidding round. So now that 60 odd new 
GAs have been put in, so what would be your approach? Would it be something different 
from what we did in the 9th and 10th bidding round? How would we approach your thoughts 
on the same. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Company Speaker: 
The approach is likely to be similar, we will be selective in our bidding and we have our 
benchmark with respect to financial aspects as well as non-financial aspects. But there is no 
problem with reference to contiguity, we will be open on pan India basis also, fortunately 
there are some GAs  which are in the State of Maharashtra also, but that will not be a 
limitation for MGL for sure. We will try our best to put in whatever we consider as 
aggressive bid. 
Somaiah V: 
One last question if I may any update on the margin increase asked by  the  OMC any 
update? 
Company Speaker: 
There has been discussions even at ministry level what has happened is, the discount price 
or trade discount increase which has been asked by the OMC has been pretty steep so in fact 
almost entire CDG industry has represented with MoPNG, there has been a meeting chaired 
by the secretary MoPNG as well, he had kindly heard both the sides, oil marketing 
companies as well as CGD industry and he has also promised that he will look into the 
issues and try to show some guidelines to OMCs as well as to CGD industry and try to sort 
out the matter. However, we feel away further directions and thereafter the decisions will be 
taken. 
Somaiah V: 
Thank you Sir. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Amit Rustagi from UBS. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Rustagi: 
Good evening Sir. Could you help us understand that when we will have some timelines on 
this MSRTC and this heavy truck retro fitment because I think we have been hearing these 
things for quite a long time now, do we have some timelines in mind that when we will 
have some clarity? 
Company Speaker: 
MSRTC has come out with the tender for retro fitment of those buses, they had done 
something similar few months back, but they could not go through the tender because 
probably all the pieces  did not fit together, because you have to have type 3 or type 4 
cylinders supplier, you need to have person who will do the retro fitment. But good thing is 
MSRTC has secured funding for these buses, the state government has given a grant. Diesel 
prices are so high, we believe that if everything falls in place, these could be retrofitted in a 
timeframe of about six to eight months. 
Amit Rustagi: 
How many buses they have come out for tender with? 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Company Speaker: 
Tenders for 1000 buses, but all 1000 are not necessarily in MGL’s geographical areas, 1000 
is spread over five, six different locations, where we know in other  areas of Maharashtra 
also CNG is available, so out of the 1000 may be roughly probably half of them could be in 
our geographical areas. 
Amit Rustagi: 
And Sir second thing I would like to ask about the allocation of domestic gas for the 
priority sector, so could you explain us what will be the way out, how and like when you 
expect the increase in the domestic supplies to CGD sector and will that be like any change 
in formula or allocation from six months to three months or something like that? What will 
be the modalities if you have some clarity? 
Company Speaker: 
Few weeks back the CGD industry had a VC with secretary petroleum and we had 
represented our case saying that the normal formula of ministry they do a six monthly 
average and basis your actual sales they give 110% of your actual sales as the allocation for 
the coming six months. This exercise for H1 we have been promised will be completed may 
be in the first or second week of November because GAIL is involved in data collections, 
the CGD industry has to give all the data and PPAC is also involved in the analysis. The 
other request which all the CGD companies made was that the second wave of COVID 
impacted sales volumes in April and May of this year, so industry requested rather than 
taking a six monthly average if the government could consider taking the Q2 average sales 
volumes to formulate the basis of allocation for the next half year and both GAIL and the 
secretary of petroleum have at least verbally assured that yes, they will do all that they can 
do to make sure that domestic gas is available in sufficient quantities to meet the demand. 
Amit Rustagi: 
I think that was pretty clear. Thanks a lot for all the answers and I wish all the time 
management team. Best of luck and Happy Diwali. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Caps. Please go 
ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you for giving this opportunity. First question is would you be able to sort of share 
the quantum of spot LNG that has been used during the quarter and the average price for 
this? 
Company Speaker: 
Quantum I think we already answered earlier it is approximately 5% in this Q2 which we 
have required to push in and as regard average price, it will be somewhere around $12 
MMBTU. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Kirtan Mehta: 
You mention 5% within the priority sector, so within the industrial and commercial segment 
what would be the sort of the percentage which would have been used this spot LNG? 
Company Speaker: 
There is no question over there because it is always supplied through RLNG itself industrial 
and commercial. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right apart from the point one MMSCMD in the allocation that you have with from 
Reliance correct? 
Company Speaker: 
Yes, you are right absolutely. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Second question was about sort of could you update on the plan of addition of gas-based 
buses by BEST basically seeing the CNG buses by best? There has been a plan for around 
500 buses that you have talked previously about what is the status on progress? 
Company Speaker: 
500 buses, some of them have started coming and what BEST has told us is in the coming 
two months or so, all the other buses should be in. We have upgraded our CNG facilities in 
couple of depots to receive these buses and one or two other depots work is going on. Apart 
from these buses, we are also in active discussions with BEST to retro fit 185 of their diesel 
buses to CNG. We are in talk with both BEST and Tata Motors to get this done. The 
timeframe for that could be around six to eight months, so the Tata Motors has already 
started on the proof of concept all the design and engineering part of it and BEST offered to 
send some buses if they want to do any trials or get any testing done. 
Company Speaker: 
One correction with respect to what rate which you asked RLNG prices it is not $12; it is 
around $14.5 per MMBTU for the quarter. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you. If I can add one more question just to understand from the industrial and 
commercial space, what proportion of be volume has an ability to switch to an alternate fuel 
at this point of time? 
Company Speaker: 
Roughly about 70% to 80% of the volumes, they have ability to switch. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you Sir. Just going by to my first question, is it a point one MMSCMD allocation or 
is it point three MMSCMD allocation? 
Sanjib Datta: 
Slightly less than 0.1. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Aishwarya Agarwal from Nippon 
India. Please go ahead. 
Aishwarya Agarwal: 
Thank you. I just want to understand the second quarter was a bit weaker when we talk 
about the margins on a gross level versus the Q1, so how we should look at the margin 
trajectory going forward when I am asking margin, my focus is on gross margin and plus 
how do you see the recovery or the margins which we have lost in the last quarter, will we 
be able to recoup that. 
Company Speaker: 
Gross margin will comprise of gross margin from priority sector and gross margin from 
industrial commercial sector. As regards gross margin for priority sector I think we have 
already taken price rise twice in October itself that would help us to tide over the cost 
increase in the APM gas purchase what we have done. Also there is an ability to 
passthrough even further if it is required, so in case of priority segment, I think the margins 
can be steady or slight improvement can also be seen with respect to gross margin and in 
case of industrial commercial we are  trying multiple ways to improve the margin, one is 
definitely we are looking for some midterm gas, no doubt it will take some amount of time, 
but we are thinking of or exploring the possibility of tying some midterm contract for our 
LNG that is point number one, also there are some possibilities or flexibilities which we 
earlier mentioned that in contract with industrial and commercial customers, there are 
flexibilities available in exceptional circumstances we can further consider some different 
pricing scenarios than the normal scenario of benchmarking or indexing to alternate fuel 
prices. So, we will try  to do our best in case of industrial commercial also to take care of 
the margin, but right now a lot is going to depend on the scene on the front of prices of 
RNLG both definitely in terms of spot gas and also to some extent on long term or middle 
term prices, the scene which will prevail in Asia as well as particularly in India. 
Aishwarya Agarwal: 
I directionally understand but my question was more with the referral to the gross margin 
which we have reported in the Q1 versus number which reported in Q2, so that definitely I 
understand it will move up, but what I want to understand at what level those margins be, or 
what is your goal in terms of getting the margin for that you take that you get price hike 
manage the gas contract and come back to target which probably would want to have the 
margin or over than that? 
Company Speaker: 
Specifying number is typical because probably nobody will be able to exactly predict the 
prices of spot gas and what has happened not only in case of industrial commercial prices of 
RLNG are important, but you must have heard earlier discussion  in that some amount of 
RLNG we were required to feed into priority segment also, so we are hoping with the 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 22 
ministry granting some concessions to us or being considerate on the formula for APM gas 
pricing, the situation will improve definitely in priority segment and please note that 
priority segment account for nearly 86% of our total volume, industrial commercial no 
doubt has bit of a challenge, but 86% of our volumes will be coming through domestic and 
CNG put together so that I think gives some definitely good chances for us to improve the 
margins at overall level as compared to whatever margins are prevalent right now and 
EBITDA front, there will be an advantage no doubt you are asking question from gross 
margin point of view, but on as far as EBITDA level is concerned I think as volume ramp 
up per unit opex will also go down and the improvement in margin at EBITDA level will 
obviously a bit higher than the rise which we can see in the gross margin level. 
Aishwarya Agarwal: 
Sure Sir. One more question I have if you allow, how do you see the volume growth from 
here, we are already back to pre-COVID volumes at this point of time, how do you see the 
volumes ramping up in next one year or so? 
Company Speaker: 
Volume recovery have been pretty strong, and we have exceeded our pre-COVID volumes 
also, so Q2 numbers we already stated by the Managing Director, if we look at beginning of 
this month, the volumes have increased a bit may be in 7% to 8% approximate increase in 
sales volume. 
Company Speaker: 
In fact at current level just say latest  information which is available, yesterday we had 
clocked a volume of 3.44 MMSCMD which is encouraging sign for us and CNG has 
improved in fact overall we have seen the improvement in almost all customer category 
except probably domestic category rise is there, but relatively it was less, but all other 
categories have increased I think 3.44 is the pretty good level as compared to 3.10 level 
which was prevalent in February 2020. 
Company Speaker: 
Out of that 3.44 will be weekday sales as well so if you factor in holidays and weekend etc, 
the average sales volume is roughly about 3.35 or so. 
Aishwarya Agarwal: 
That is very good. The volume has a very good traction, but this is the current one, but how 
do you see going forward, do you see this trend to continue going forward also in terms of 
very good growth come again? 
Company Speaker: 
Yes, that is some moment we are seeing especially on the commercial vehicles front you 
know Maruti, and other OEMs have started tapping this small commercial and medium 
commercial segment and prices of diesel are almost touching Rs 105 per liter in Mumbai. 
Lot of these transporters are looking to you know use CNG. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Aishwarya Agarwal: 
How do you see the threat of this EV vehicle especially on your bus segment that is 
something which is generally being talked a lot, but I do not know how meaningful it is 
going to impact on your CNG volume or the growth in bus segment. 
Company Speaker: 
I mean if you look at the buses the biggest operators is BEST and in the last one or two 
months they have been making some noises about inducting a lot of electric buses, but I 
think the key point there is they are talking of an expansion in their overall bus fleet. So 
when the new buses which they end up would be EV but we see a bit of issue there because 
of the scale at which they are talking about they do not have that kind of charging 
infrastructure whereas our CNG infrastructure which is there is currently utilized at only 
about 25% so we can you know easily double the number of CNG buses and supply run 
with the same infrastructure and we are encouraging them to move to CNG because EVs at 
the end of the day they will have to depend on, the money will have to come from 
somewhere. The initial funding required is huge. BEST is cash trap so we have been trying 
to explain to them that CNG makes more sense. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Rakesh Sethia from HDFC AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Rakesh Sethia: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is regarding the APM gas price which 
probably would increase significantly in the upcoming revision which probably would be in 
the month of April. So, I am just trying to understand how will you manage your CNG 
pricing any preparation for that? Would you wait for the actual price increase to happen and 
then take a large price increase or are you thinking of taking any preemptive price hike? 
Company Speaker: 
I think price rise is something happening in April, right now maybe a bit early to talk about. 
The initial price rise which we may take very soon will be in a targeting for this reallocation 
of domestic gas you know at what level it will come in and you know will we will be able 
to fully mitigate I mean get full volume for our CNG growth which is happening you know 
quite rapidly so that is something we will be looking at in near future. 
Rakesh Sethia: 
Sir the reason I am asking this is you know the 10 months of data is available to us. I mean 
even if one assumes there is going to be significant price correction in the global gas prices 
for the remaining 2 months, we are talking about you know gas prices probably going up to 
$5 maybe even higher if the gas prices does not correct and that would require a significant 
price hike just from the CNG perspective and on top of that you have already mentioned 
about the cost pressure on the LNG side. I am just trying to understand that you know 
should we expect the margins for the next few quarters would be lower before they start to 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 22 
normalize and as you take gradual price increase, or you think that the margin in the near 
term will be maintained or probably would improve as you are alluding in the earlier 
remark. 
Company Speaker: 
To answer your first question there is nothing which forces us to wait till first April to you 
know increase any price. So, we could take especially we estimate that the jump is going to 
be significant we could do it in steps to avoid any kind of price shock to customers, but 
again that call will be taken somewhere a month or two down the line. It is not something 
which is immediately on the radar. 
Rakesh Sethia: 
And Sir if I heard it correctly about the impact of LNG on your priority volumes, did you 
say that 5% of your priority volumes were met through the spot LNG prices is that the 
correct understanding. 
Company Speaker: 
Yes right.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vivekanand S from Ambit. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivekanand S: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Can you give us a sense of what are the current 
conversion that are happening especially on a monthly basis and little bit more on the 
segment level trends? I think we have discussed a little bit about the commercial vehicles, 
but if you could give a broad overview with some numbers. 
Company Speaker: 
Actually, in this quarter roughly about 16800 CNG vehicles have been added into the 
systems and majority of them were private cars about 12600 odds. Now commercial 
vehicles about 2500 of them added on in the quarter. Then couple of hundred trucks have 
come into CNG and about 1500 three wheelers also added. 
Vivekanand S: 
And if you could give sense on the base of commercial vehicles and possibly some sort of 
understanding of the opportunity for conversion in FY2023 that would also be helpful. 
Company Speaker: 
Look what we are hearing from the OEs is that the CNG variants of the commercial vehicle 
wherever they are available are basically the models which are selling. The diesel models 
are not selling anymore because of the price of diesel. And we are also you know launching 
some incentive schemes to promote conversion of existing diesel commercial vehicles onto 
CNG. So we are planning to give you know preloaded fuel card kind of a thing. We are also 
trying to arrange financing for the conversion of these vehicles because you know these are 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 22 
already preowned diesel vehicles and so we have already spoken to two, three of vehicle 
finance companies to you know encourage them and to make use of this opportunity. The 
diesel prices today are putting a lot of pressure on the fleet operators and commercial 
vehicle operators to switch and save money. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from L&T Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
My question again is with respect to the gas cost increase, so this quarter we have seen the 
cost increase from eight and half to around 13 and the next quarter with this quarter ending 
where it is we might be seeing this number move to somewhere around 20, 21 kind of a 
number. So this kind of increase and your comment about that the margin should be healthy 
and staying upwards in the near time. So, I was just trying to understand this kind of 
increase are we planning to pass on because the priority sector increase, I understand has 
been to the extent has been around four and half so how should we look at this. 
Company Speaker: 
I think we touched upon this aspect. One is that ability to pass through gas cost in case of 
priority sector that is CNG and domestic is pretty good. Also, there will be most probably 
some good news to be heard by entire CDG industry with respect to supply of APM for 
CNG domestic to the extent it is required from say mid November onwards. So, I think 
margin front on CNG and domestic there should be reasonably comfortable scenario 
prevailing and at least with respect to MGL, CNG and domestic accounts for nearly 86% of 
volume. Now industrial and commercial will be only 14%, yes there is a concern about the 
rising spot prices and in case of industrial and commercial 100% quantity through spot 
prices except that RIL source which we have which could be around 25% of the total 
industrial commercial requirement, there are some flexibilities available with us as we 
mentioned earlier in the context with industrial and commercial customers. So we will be 
taking a judicious call with respect to some price increase vis-à-vis retention of volume 
which will also be one of our primary mottos. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, shall we take that this level of gross margin is something should be the base and below 
this should not be in the coming quarter or the years moving ahead. 
Company Speaker: 
It is difficult to specify the numbers as I said earlier but I think the scene could be quite 
good or encouraging on domestic and CNG front. There could be some challenge on 
industrial commercial. This is with respect to gross margin, but as volumes will ramp up 
further, the operating cost are going to drop on per unit basis so while the gross margin it 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 22 
could be steady on only some improvement which we will see. Definitely proportionately 
higher improvement we will see in EBITDA margin on per SCM basis. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Anubhav Aggarwal from Credit 
Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Yes, one question on the industrial segment only. So are you profitable right now in 
October when you are servicing currently? 
Company Speaker: 
October we obviously right now cannot talk. This call is basically for quarter two and on an 
average basis yes we were in profit. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Thank you Sir. That was my only question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Vidyadhar Ginde from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
So in September PNGRB has come out with a public notice on the declaration of common 
carrier, contract carrier for Mumbai GA. So how do you see this thing moving forward? 
Company Speaker: 
Currently the whole exclusivity thing is sub judice in Delhi high court, so entities have 
challenged it including us. It will be a drawn-out battle. I think legal battle will be there. Of 
course, PNGRB currently does not have forum, does not have member legal so they do not 
really have the ability to do anything, but assuming that difficult goes away in the coming 
weeks and month there is still that legal challenge to be surmounted. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
So how do you see it what is the possibility that allowing competition and seen by the 
government and petroleum ministry as a way to protect the consumer as gas prices move 
up, APM is also going to go up sharply next year. One of the best ways to take care of the 
consumer who probably is the most important concern would be to allow competition. 
Company Speaker: 
Opening up will definitely be the case in the medium and long term. However, what will be 
the outcome of that and if you have seen the November 2020 regulations on the existing 
stations, they have given CGD companies protection until that date, so whatever CNG 
stations etc. we are opened until November 2021. There are about 260 odds of them, they 
will continue to remain with us. So, it is only the new incremental volume and station which 
could be at risk, biggest volume segment is CNG almost 74% of our volume. Domestic we 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 22 
see relatively less risk because it is very pain staking job you know to supply 0.4 SCMD to 
few million customers. Industrial and commercial yes that could be some competition 
where large industries may choose to buy from other suppliers or they may opt to buy gas 
from the exchange, but then we will address back as and when it happens. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
Sir the CNG whatever PNGRB regulations they are not permanent; we have seen them 
change their own regulation in the past like for example in the case of gas pipeline for old 
pipelines they were using 100% utilization as the volume divisor. When it was changed 
what they have said last November is also not permanent because we are heading towards 
extraordinary situation in the next few months and we were not aware that in fact things 
have got somewhat right now only because of the spot LNG which we have to use for 
domestic. So we are getting into a phase where the government itself will have to take some 
tough decision and next year we have several elections in important states. So consumer 
interest will again be something which will be topmost and you guys are sitting on. If you 
go back to look at over the last 7, 8 years you started getting APM gas as complete, all of 
your margins have gone up very sharply. 
Company Speaker: 
Well, our understanding is at least as of now the government is very supportive of CGD 
because they understand that this gas allocation and whatever they are doing is essential 
ingredient and they want more infrastructure to come in place. A lot of people who invested 
in CGD bidding round and upcoming bidding round, it is all anchored on the assumption of 
some relatively cheaper gas would be available for the priority segments. Government has 
to balance out its priority. 
Vidyadhar Ginde: 
No. Actually, you will get APM gas. You will get APM gas, but the point is that the next 
year the APM gas itself will be at much higher price that is the problem. Which is probably 
one year problem because year thereafter probably prices are going to go down again 
maybe not to the levels we had in the past, but significantly lower is a possibility FY2024 
and unfortunate decision on this issue might get taken next year. 
Company Speaker: 
Prices will go up and down and  there is no predicting for that. There were times when you 
know spot was available for $2. There were times APM was more than $5. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Manikantha Garre from Franklin 
Templeton. Please go ahead. 
Manikantha Garre: 
Good evening Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So I understood from your earlier comment 
you were having a discussion with the ministry on the reallocation of APM gas may be 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 22 
some mid November onwards so on that line wanted to check with you if there any 
discussion with the ministry on the APM, the upcoming sharp rise in APM gas prices and 
the kind of price hikes not just you but the entire CGD industry will have to take in priority 
sector or domestic PNG so would there be first of all were there any discussion with respect 
to that and would you think that the ministry would be okay with sharp price hike you may 
end up taking finally. 
Company Speaker: 
I think the government has gone on the record saying that you know pricing in CGD full 
freedom is available to the operator to decide on pricing. So there is nothing like what you 
are saying on the cards at least not that we are aware of. 
Manikantha Garre: 
And what about discussion part. Was there any discussion with respect to this sharp rise in 
APM gas price, is it going to happen? Were there any discussions at all on this.  
Company Speaker: 
Are you referring to the APM prices going forward in the month of April, the formula. 
There is no discussion as such of changing the formula as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vikas Jain from CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikas Jain: 
Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I wanted to understand this 5% that you are talking 
about. Firstly the $14.5 per MMBTU that you talked about. That will be average for the 
quarter but a large part of the volume jump that you would have seen might have happened 
in September so that 5% blended number that you are talking about could actually be a 
higher number than 14 and half also is that understanding correct? 
Company Speaker: 
Can you repeat I am not very clear. The figures are right around 5% RLNG required in 
priority in quarter 2 $14.5 price is also correct, but what is that you are exactly asking. 
Vikas Jain: 
So even with 5% and 14.5 essentially that would itself mean that your overall raw material 
cost for priority sector would be 35% or so higher then what the APM price was, so again 
that is a pretty big hit and if you say that this 5% has increased even more in October you 
know I mean the proportion has increased a little bit and more than anything the price if 
anything nearly double of that 14.5 because October LNG prices are almost double of 
average of last quarter so if that is the case then that itself would mean price, your raw 
material cost would be higher by almost about something like 65% plus. Is that broadly 
correct and I mean if that is the case then the October margins could take a pretty big hit. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Company Speaker: 
But I think when it comes to margin we suggest we should not take a very short-term views 
like monthly margins and that sort of thing plus as we already discussed the request has 
already been launched with the ministry and hopefully in November itself we should hear 
something good, say I mean 100% APM quota being made available to CNG and domestic 
that news should be forthcoming anytime according to us. 
Vikas Jain: 
I understand that, but with October and at least half of November getting hit so badly the 
quarter could be pretty bad one in terms of overall margin so even if you get by mid 
November. 
Company Speaker: 
You are right, but you know we have taken price rise also, October twice we have taken. 
We are not ruling out a possibility that we will not take further price rise that also exists and 
we are obviously keeping interest of the customers in also mind and not just short-term 
interest but the long-term interest of the customers also, but there are pricing I mean ability 
to pass through cost definitely exist with the company. Only thing we are taking a little 
cautious call because we might have seen now which has never happened for in the history 
of MGL that in this quarter the light commercial vehicles numbers are 2500 LCVs are 
added when such good movements are happening and as you know the potential is pretty 
high in LCVs, we are bit cautious, I mean raising prices could be matter of just few seconds 
for us but when such kind of things are happening that even LCV segment is looking at 
coming to CNG in a full-fledged manner, definitely OEM sales have gone up and with 
some incentives which we are likely to offer or even financing scheme, a good volume 
jump could be seen in CNG so at least some extent whatever could be reduced on per unit 
basis we should be able garner some volume increase point of view that is what we could 
say right now. 
Vikas Jain: 
I mean I am pretty much with you but your focus should be longer term and I am not 
denying that but from a shorter tem perspective since you requested the ministry to take Q2 
as the average if there is a bigger volume jump and even if ministry agrees to the request by 
middle of November what it will mean is that beyond the 10% there will be significant 
negative operating leverage in terms of eating into margins at least for the second half of 
fiscal. Yes, you are correct. Your approach is absolutely right that you are thinking about 
long term but that could really be a near term pain point if my understanding is correct, is 
that right. 
Company Speaker: 
I mean in short term. If we are specifically talking about October month for example or 
maybe initial November also then your understanding calculation is right no doubt that. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Vikas Jain: 
And Sir just one more thing. The way this allocation works if you can remind us on it. Will 
you also gain when volumes were falling, did you get extra gas which you were able to use 
for industrial, commercial during those periods that is last three four quarters. It is just the 
limit of 10% extra, but in other quarters you do not really gain in terms of extra. 
Company Speaker: 
If I understand your question correctly. You are saying that when we get extra gas can we 
debit it to I&C 
Vikas Jain: 
I am saying that Sir for example 1Q, 2Q when volumes fell so dramatically last year or even 
this year. Did you manage to get some extra gas which you have allocated based on the 
earlier quarters and then you know that balance you were able to use beyond CNG and 
residential PNG for that quarter. Is that something possible.  
Company Speaker: 
That is not allowed. 
Vikas Jain: 
Okay understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Varatharajan Sivasankaran from 
Antique Limited. Please go ahead. 
Varatharajan: 
This outlet upgradation and this entire plan of outlet upgradation and new outlets and 
MRUs, where do you stand in the current year as to what you have planned in the beginning 
of the year. As well as you know any extension on this plan for the next year. 
Company Speaker: 
Currently we have opened 9 new stations this financial year and we upgraded about 12 
stations and that is a total of 21 and we are looking at, at least a score of somewhere 
between 50 and 60 hopefully. 
Varatharajan: 
For the current year and should we take a similar number for next year. 
Company Speaker: 
Yes, for the full financial year. MRUs as we mentioned earlier, we have received 11 
applications and those are under evaluation and processing. 
Varatharajan: 
So, the 50 to 60 can we take the same kind of number next year. 
Company Speaker: 
Yes, that will be our endeavor because for the kind of demand which is coming up now 
especially from commercial vehicles etc. If we want to cater to that demand yes we need to 
open stations, will need to upgrade more stations. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Varatharajan: 
And Sir may I request for the breakup between the outlets.GA wise 
Company Speaker : 
Breakup in what? 
Varatharajan: 
In the outlet. 
Company Speaker : 
In GA3 we have 21. In the city of Mumbai we have 141 and in a total of 277 I mean the 
remaining are in GA2, 141 in GA1, 21 in GA3, total 277. 
Varatharajan: 
I was talking about the new outlet Sir. 
Company Speaker: 
New outlet, the majority will probably be GA2 and Raigad. Mumbai may be slightly 
smaller number. 
Varatharajan: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we will be taking the last question 
that is from Yogesh Patil from Reliance Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Sir my question related to electric vehicle charging station or battery swapping stations. Are 
you planning to enter into the same and if answer is yes then what would be the capex line 
up for the same and how many charging stations you are planning to come up in the next 1 
to 2 years? 
Company Speaker: 
We have done one pilot installation along with Tata Power to just you know get the feel of 
the business but as of know there is no concrete plan as such because you know the demand 
for CNG is so high there is limitation of space in our station. As it is most of our stations 
are operated in OMC premises so there we would not be able to put up any EV charging, 
but in the 50, 60 stations which we have effective control, if there is any additional space 
there we want to upgrade that capacity, we want to put more compressors, more dispensers 
because the demand for CNG is huge. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Okay and my second question is related to your capex plan for financial year 2022 and 
financial year 2023. So how many station additions is expected in second half of current 
fiscal. 
Company Speaker: 
You are talking about this financial year and next financial year. 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Yogesh Patil: 
Yes. Capex plan for the financial year FY2022 and FY2023 and station addition, if could 
give us any ballpark number for the second half of the current fiscal. 
Company Speaker: 
I think station additions earlier we already mentioned I think, but total capex could be in the 
region of 600 Crores each, this year as well as next year also. However, significantly it will 
be dependent upon the approvals which we get from different, different authorities. Even as 
on today so lockdown lock down has eased definitely, as you know this permission which 
we get from different authorities are paper based. There is no electronic approvals which 
basis approvals are received so assuming the approvals we receive at much faster pace and 
what was the scenario for last nearly almost a year and more than that. Our aim is to 
definitely spend 600 Crores each at least, funds are not an issue. It is not only CNG outlet. 
There will be some security point of view, security of supply point of view. There will be 
steel grid  pipelines will also be laid then obviously medium size pipelines will be there. We 
are looking at some additional office spaces also, so funds are available, definitely budget 
have been approved by the board of directors for all kind of capex, the question will more 
hinge on from the amount point of view on how fast we receive the approvals. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Okay thanks a lot Sir and wish you all happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the floor back to Mr. Harsh Dole for closing 
comments. Over to you Sir. 
Harsh Dole:  
Thank you on behalf of IIFL Securities I would like to sincerely thank the management for 
giving us the opportunity to host the call and Seasons Greetings to everyone. Operator 
would you be kind enough to pass the line to management for final remarks. Thank you, 
Moderator: 
Sure, over to management for closing comments. 
Company Speaker:: 
Thank you and Happy Diwali to everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL Securities that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
 

 
 
 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
October 27, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 22 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose)  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Contact details : Investor Relations:  
Email : investorrelations@mahanagargas.com  
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400051  
Registered Address: MGL House, G-33 Block,  
Website : www.mahanagargas.com 
CIN : L40200MH1995PLC088133 
