 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Wonderla Holidays Limited Q2 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ARUN K. CHITTILAPPILLY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, WONDERLA 
HOLIDAYS LIMITED 
 
MR. SATHEESH SESHADRI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, WONDERLA 
HOLIDAYS LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Wonderla Holidays Limited Q2 FY22 
Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all 
participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’and ‘0’ on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Adhidev C: 
Good morning everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome 
everyone today on the call. From Wonderla Holidays Management, we have with us Mr. 
Arun Chittilappilly - the Managing Director and Mr. Satheesh Seshadri - the Chief 
Financial Officer. Now I would like to hand over the call to the management for their 
opening remarks. Over to you, thank you. 
Arun Chittilappilly: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We welcome you to this conference call to discuss 
the second quarter results of the financial year 2021-2022. Hope everyone continues to 
stay safe and had a great festive season period. 
Due to the second wave of COVID, our parks were closed from 19th April. In Q2 all of 
our parks remained closed in the month of July. As the COVID threat slowly reduced 
and economic activities gradually picked up again, we reopened our parks in a phased 
manner. After receiving all necessary approvals, Hyderabad Park reopened first on 5th 
August, followed by Bangalore Park on 12th August, and then Cochin Park on 1st 
September. So for almost half of the quarter, we didn't have the parks open. The parks 
were initially opened only on weekends and public holidays, while the Bangalore resort 
had resumed operations on 5th July. As we did previously on the first day of re-opening, 
we welcomed COVID Angels, the people who had gone out of their way to help other 
people during the COVID second wave. We welcomed them and their families by 
providing complimentary passes as a gesture of thanks. We were overjoyed as this 
initiative was very well received and admired by them. We had a huge number of 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
attendants. We had about 2,500 people at Hyderabad, about 4,400 people at Bangalore 
and about 3,300 people at Cochin. 
In the quarter, we prioritized and achieved a hundred percent vaccination for our entire 
staff, including both on roll and off roll employees. We continued to improve our 
engagement with the customer base and launched attractive offers throughout the 
quarter for various events like Engineer’s day, Daughter's Day, Grandparent’s day. We 
also did a buy one get one ticket free for elders. All these activities got an encouraging 
response, and it helps us to motivate people to come to our parks again. Now we see a 
tremendous desire in people to venture out again, after being confined indoors for a 
major part of two years. We see a huge demand coming back. After the introductory 
offers and phased opening, we resumed full-scale operations and normal ticket prices 
from September in Bangalore & Hyderabad and resumed full operations for all days in 
Cochin only in November. 
In Q2 FY22, the total footfalls across our parks were 1,47,000. The gross revenue was 
about Rs. 18 crores and EBITDA loss was about Rs. 3.5 crores. As the majority of our 
population gets vaccinated, gradual unlocking increases, and COVID-related restriction 
reduce, we are on track to reach normalcy, with many other industries already at pre-
COVID operating levels. As the third quarter is filled with festivities and pleasant 
weather, our parks are sought-after destinations for people to come out and celebrate. 
And we are already witnessing improving traction and are very optimistic about 
resuming full-scale operations very soon. We thank you all for your continued support 
and look forward to seeing you in our parks. 
We can now proceed to Q&A. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. We have our first question from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: My question is, since you have now commenced operations fully, do we have any 
restrictions on the capacity per day, considering the fact that demand is going to be 
strong, people want to move out?  
Arun Chittilappilly: There are still restrictions. The government order says we should not run at full capacity. 
So, we are still running at half capacity as abundant caution. But in some markets the 
restriction like for example, in Karnataka the restriction has been already lifted. We are 
allowed to operate at full capacity. Cochin continues to be at the half, and I am not sure 
about Hyderabad. Satheesh do you have any data on that? 
Satheesh Seshadri: We can operate sir. 
Arun Chittilappilly: Yes, we can operate at full capacity. So, except Cochin, we are allowed to operate at 
full capacity. Kerala market is also slowly seeing a recovery. So, we expect restrictions 
to go off soon. But even with this like, 6,000 capacity is still a huge number for us. So, 
we are not really concerned about that at this stage because we are still in the ramp-up 
of demand. So, it is not a concern for us. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: In this quarter we have seen a lot of extended weekends. How was the festive season, 
were the footfalls strong, during the festive times in Bangalore and Hyderabad? 
Arun Chittilappilly: During the festive season, Bangalore has outperformed compared to pre-COVID, 
Hyderabad also performed decently. But like I told you earlier, Cochin is still reopening. 
We just resumed full operations only for the last 10 days. Cochin is seeing pretty good 
numbers but it is still too early to say for Cochin. It is just that we’re not open every day 
during Q2 but for example, on Dussehra, Diwali we were open every day. So, we are 
quite happy with the way the numbers turned out.  Of course, we will get to see that next 
quarter. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: On the ticket prices, the introductory price was around Rs.799, but now have you 
increased the prices or still you are working on Rs.799? 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Arun Chittilappilly: Yes, we have increased our prices. We are not fully to pre-COVID prices yet. But we 
are almost there, may be a 4-5% difference. But that also will be changed in the coming 
months. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So, 4-5% lesser than the pre-COVID prices. Is that the right understanding? 
Arun Chittilappilly: Yes. 
Satheesh Seshadri 
Currently the prices for weekdays is Rs. 999 and weekends is Rs. 1199. What is 
important for us, is the average ticket price. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
What is the pre-COVID prices? 
Satheesh Seshadri 
Pre-COVID prices varied across parks. Bangalore is higher, but the other two parks are 
in the same range. The Cochin and Hyderabad Park is about Rs. 999 
Arun Chittilappilly: We have still about maybe Rs. 50-Rs.100 where we can increase. 
Satheesh Seshadri: …in the case of Bangalore Park and then the other two parks.  
Arun Chittilappilly: So, we still have a little bit of headroom to increase the ticket prices and as demand is 
growing, we are going back to pre-COVID prices. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Anything on the bookings, like how things are for the quarters? As you said that you 
are seeing a pickup in demand, but how are things on the booking front like on your 
digital platforms, and what tractions? 
Arun Chittilappilly: Yes, it is all doing extremely well. Now we get almost one-fourth tickets booked from 
our website, which is a huge change compared to pre-COVID. Almost 24% of the 
bookings come through online. So, as Satheesh said, that also helps us improve our 
average ticket price, average revenue per user. So, those are encouraging times. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Meet Jogani from PS Associates. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Meer Jagani: 
We used to have a constant ticket price increase over the year. Are we maintaining that 
policy, like 10-15% increase every year? 
Arun Chittilappilly: No, we don't do 10-15% every year. We usually do 5-7%, maybe little less than inflation. 
we will be able to do that, because in all the markets that we operate, we are the top 
choice and we are probably about 15-20% more expensive than the next best amusement 
park. But that is a reasonable gap because our offering is also very superior. So, we can 
command premium pricing. 
Meer Jagani: 
What were the average footfalls in this quarter and compared it to a pre-COVID level 
was it the same or below pre-COVID levels? The average footfalls. 
Satheesh Seshadri: We worked for about four days a week initially, for the Bangalore and Hyderabad parks 
and Kochi park also. September onwards, we worked all the days for Bangalore and 
Hyderabad parks. And taking the number of days worked for FY22, this quarter we 
recorded average footfalls about close to 2,000 in the case of Bangalore Park, and 1,100 
in the case of Hyderabad Park.  Kochi Park, we are close to about 900 footfalls. 
Bangalore Park in pre-COVID level for the entire 92 days was about 1,500 and 
Hyderabad Park was about 980 and Kochi Park was about 1,300. So, Bangalore & 
Hyderabad Park footfalls were more than the pre-COVID level. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
VP Rajesh: 
You mentioned that 24% of the customers are coming directly to your website for 
buying the tickets. I missed the pre-COVID number. What was that number for this 
metric? 
Arun Chittilappilly: About 10%. 
VP Rajesh: 
As you were saying that Bangalore and Hyderabad are seeing pre-COVID footfall levels 
so, what is the thinking on increasing the pricing now, given that there is significant 
inflation in wages as well as other supplies? 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Arun Chittilappilly: We are planning to do another price hike in Q3. We will do that whenever there is a 
need. And we have not reached a pre-COVID prices yet. So, because of that, there is 
still some headroom for us to do that, and so we are doing it gradually. 
VP Rajesh: 
So, by Q4, assuming there is no third wave, you will be sort of back to normal pre-
COVID operations? 
Arun Chittilappilly: Yes. So, we are hoping that by end of this financial year, if there is no third wave, we 
should be able to get to pre-COVID or even better. That is what we are hoping for. Let 
us see. 
VP Rajesh: 
I remember that you were doing some interesting experimentation with your foods 
business, when we met about two years ago. 
Arun Chittilappilly: We did that as an experiment and once our parks resumed the full operation, we decided 
to discontinue it as we were understaffed when we re-opened our parks. During COVID 
we had drastically reduced our staff size and we also had salary cuts. Once we re-
opened, we had to start hiring. So, we decided to put a pause on that. We are now 
focusing on bringing those offerings to our parks directly instead of doing it as a cloud 
kitchen. That has been helpful for us because we have a food lab where we experiment 
on new food and pricing and fun foods etc. So, we are continuing in our parks, we are 
not doing it outside.  
VP Rajesh: 
On the food business, what was the percentage of revenue from PAT versus pre-COVID 
level in this quarter or let's say in the month of October? 
Satheesh Seshadri: We recorded about Rs. 810 average ticket price during the quarter, as against Rs. 796 in 
the Q2 FY 2019-2020. We recorded about Rs. 298 spend per head on the non-ticket 
revenue this quarter as against Rs. 278 during Q2 FY 2019-2020. As you know, in FY 
2020-2021 the parks were closed on account of COVID. So, the comparative figures are 
for only 2019-2020. So, we were close to those two numbers. Due to higher walk-in, we 
were able to record higher ATP or realization of the ticket price. 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Moderator: 
 We have next question from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
One of the entertainment parks, Nicco was sold or I suppose there was a resolution. Did 
we participate in this deal? And if yes, then did we miss out for any parameters? The 
reason why I am asking is this park seems to be closer to our operating models versus 
other parks. So, some thought process into this. 
Arun Chittilappilly: No, we have not looked at Nicco Park, because it is a Government joint venture and, 
their ATP is very low compared to ours. Our ATP as Satheesh just told you is about Rs. 
800-Rs. 900. So, they are not direct comparable. Nicco is a very small amusement park 
compared to us. So, not of interest to us. 
Anuj Sharma: 
But was there a scope for us to take over and maybe increase it, or that would have been 
a difficult journey? And in relation to that, are we also evaluating because there might 
be some stress and we have been talking about it for some time. Do you see some 
stressful opportunities in the sector? 
Arun Chittilappilly: There are a lot of amusement parks that have come for sale. Nicco, couple of parks in 
Delhi, there is Imagica in Bombay, there is one more small park in Bombay, then the 
bunch of parks in Tamil Nadu. So, there have been a few. It is just that when we 
evaluated them, most of them were not fitting our business model or they were too 
expensive or they had other issues which prevented us from taking over. So, we don't 
want to buy any of them out as of now, but we are willing to do a revenue share or an 
operating model in some of these parks. So, we put forth some of those proposals. We 
don’t know what is happening yet because it is a long-drawn process and some of these 
projects are in NCLT. So, not yet conclusive but let us see what happens. 
Anuj Sharma: 
So, if I may assume that despite such stressful scenarios, if we were not able to, for 
whatever reason and be fairly clear that we will mostly beyond the organic path rather 
than any of these inorganic, is that a fair assumption? 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Arun Chittilappilly: We are mostly focused on our own expansion plans because we like to do Greenfield 
projects.  For example, we were invited to do a park in Chennai, we have been invited 
to do a park in Orissa, and we have also been invited by the Gujarat government to do 
something in Ahmedabad. So, we do have a few offers like that. So, we are trying to see 
how we can revive those. On top of that we have distressed assets up for sale etc. We 
are evaluating all of them, I don't know, it just depends on what finally works out for all 
parties interested.  Hard to put a finger on it and say that we will not do it, but of course 
like you said, we would prefer to do our own projects as and when all the clearances are 
approved. We would prefer that because we are specialized in designing our own parks 
and building them at a very low cost compared to competition. So, some of those 
advantages will not be realized if we take over other parks. So, that is the way we look 
at it. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Piyush Sharma from Minerva India Under-
Served. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Sharma: 
Question to Satheesh sir. So, I know that there are a lot of moving parts here, your ATP 
is an average of Rs. 810 versus almost say about Rs. 1000 in September, number of days 
of operation, specific days of operation in a week, F&B mix etc. etc. So, many moving 
parts here, some sort of a pro-forma would be helpful. If you were to hazard a guess 
here, if it was Rs. 17 crores of revenues in a quarter, let us say if the entire quarter was 
similar to September, what would that number look like? It seems to me like back of the 
envelope calculation will give me somewhere north of Rs. 40 crores. 
Satheesh Seshadri: See we had two parks working for four days, as you said correctly, and Kochi Park was 
not operational on all the days in September, and the other two parks were fully 
operational and ticket prices also we had differential ticket prices. And whenever we 
work in such situation, we also try to optimize the cost in terms of the manpower cost 
and requirement in utilities and other things. But when you work on a full-fledged park, 
the dynamics are totally different, which you have correctly put it. But looking at the 
equation and how we fared, if we reach more than one lakh footfalls we will be close to 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
the breakeven.  So, coming to the September, we recorded about 94,000 footfalls for the 
month of September. So, we were close to the breakeven that time. Hope it answers. 
Piyush Sharma: 
Sort of. So, what you are telling me there is 2/3rd of your all footfalls for the quarter 
came in September month alone. 
Satheesh Seshadri: Yes, because see August we opened, 5th of August in Hyderabad and Bangalore we 
opened only on 15th and they were operating only four days a week. So, we had only 
54,000 footfalls in August and 94,000 footfall in September while Kochi was not 
operational, but we carried the cost.  September month we were close to 94,000 which 
is close to a lakh.  
Piyush Sharma: 
So, let us say if 2/3rd of your footfalls were in September alone and that month definitely 
at higher ATP than your quarter average, that month had higher days of operation per 
week than the quarter average, and had more weekends than a quarter average. My guess 
is almost 80% of your revenues were booked in the last month of the quarter. Would 
that be fair assessment? 
Arun Chittilappilly: Not 80%. I would say 60% of our revenue came from September. 
Satheesh Seshadri: 2/3rd came in September and 1/3rd in August. 
Arun Chittilappilly: And 0 in July. 
Piyush Sharma: 
That is correct. Of course you were not there in July. So, 94,000 or 1.47 lakhs, it is only 
in the two months, got it. Another question on COVID F&B restrictions what are those 
restrictions specifically? 
Arun Chittilappilly:  Right now we don't have any restrictions on COVID, in two parks. In Kochi we have a 
capacity restriction of about 6,000 visitors max per day. 
Piyush Sharma: 
I am talking about F&B only. 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Satheesh Seshadri: Initially when we opened the park, only in Kochi Park we had the F&B restriction, on 
the seating capacity and the table arrangement and other things. But that is also removed 
by now. So, we don't have any restriction in the F&B now. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP 
Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Yes, just wanted to understand on the Chennai Park, any thought process like, still in a 
wait and watch mood or you would like to go ahead with that project? 
Arun Chittilappilly: No, we have not yet taken a decision because we are still waiting on the Government to 
get back to us on our proposals. Whenever we have some information, we will definitely 
intimate to all of you. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: And, similarly on the Orissa Park anything on that front? 
Arun Chittilappilly: Yes. Orissa also they are very keen for us to start. But we have internally taken a decision 
not to start any new projects in for the remainder of this financial year, because our focus 
is entirely on reviving business, and that is what we are doing right now. We will only 
do the new projects in FY23. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Anything on the international parks like, they have been open for a while now and how 
things are looking over there which will give us a sense for how Indian parks will be 
shaping up over a period of time? Anything on the international, especially the ones 
which are the old. 
Arun Chittilappilly: The international parks, especially in countries where COVID has been contained 
properly, are seeing a huge resurgence of visitors. In fact, records are being broken in 
some of the parks, especially China I am hearing that a lot of the parks have been full. 
But then again now they have restrictions. So, there is no direct comparison. We hope 
that if things improve and we are allowed to stay open and there is no third wave and 
there is no craziness, we should have a very good ramp up of footfalls in all our parks. 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Currently whatever footfalls you are receiving in all the three parks are not in groups. 
Those are the visitors who are coming on that particular day. Groups may take some 
time to come back on track, right? 
Arun Chittilappilly: We are getting groups, by December the group season will be over. So, this year we are 
not expecting many groups. We are also getting groups, but not like previous years. But 
more than made up by retail footfalls. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
VP Rajesh: 
I just have a follow up. If you can share the footfalls for the month of October. 
Arun Chittilappilly: We can’t share that right now, we are talking about second quarter, right? 
VP Rajesh: 
Right. Was it at a breakeven level or if you can just give us some idea. 
Arun Chittilappilly: Yes, it is well above that. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Piyush Sharma from Minerva India Under-
Served. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Sharma: 
Just a quick follow-up on Bhubaneswar. I know that there were very extensive 
discussions and the Government was willing to give much more sops than we had 
received earlier, on the other parks. Any update there? I know that you have got a lot of 
stuff to do on the Chennai to begin with, any which way, but any more discussions on 
Bhubaneswar side. 
Arun Chittilappilly: The Orissa Government has been very proactive. They are willing to give us free land, 
free water connection & electricity connection. I mean, there is lots that they are doing 
which no other state has done. So, that way we are very happy. We are still discussing 
when we should start and what are the parameters. At some point we will intimate you 
when there is a final decision and once we go ahead with the project. 

 
Wonderla Holidays Limited 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Piyush Sharma: 
So, the only reason I specifically asked about Bhubaneswar, is because Bhubaneswar is 
one of the, “more conservative state in COVID, something in line with Kerala”  
Arun Chittilappilly: No, not really. They are very keen. They want us to start tomorrow if we can, but we 
are not able to do it because we are trying to revive footfalls. We have other priorities 
right now. But once we have some more free time, once the parks are fully operational 
and footfalls are fully back, at that point we will start on. So, right now, the negotiations 
are going on.  We are very keen to do the project and they want us to do the project. So, 
that part is clear but the rest of it, I mean there are other things that we need to finalize 
before we can go ahead. 
Piyush Sharma: 
Finally, just a bookkeeping question. On your group bookings, could you confirm pre-
COVID schools were what percentage of group walk-ins? 
Arun Chittilappilly: I think, for example, Q3 or Q2, we used to have almost may be 25-30% or even 40% of 
the footfalls from groups. Now this year has been less than 10%. 
Piyush Sharma: 
No, I am asking what percentage of groups were schools specifically. 
Satheesh Seshadri: Most of the groups that come to us are schools, about 75% of them are schools. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As no further questions from the participants, I now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Arun Chittilappilly: Thank you all for joining the con-call and we hope you continue to stay safe. And we 
are optimistic that, footfalls and revenues for our sector will improve and we are already 
seeing that and hope to see you guys next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining with us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
