,.$1 Avanti 
a 
1 Feeds Limited 
Ref: AFL/BSE & NSE/Call/2021-22/ 
The Deputy General Manager 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400 001 
BSE Code: 512573 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Aiding Sustainability & 
Reliability to Aquaculture 
24.11.2021 
The Listing Manager 
National Stock Exchange India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai -400 051. 
NSE Symbol: AVANTIFEED 
Sub: 
AVANTI FEEDS LIMITED-Transcript of Audio Conference Call for Investors on 181h 
November, 2021 - Outcome 
Ref: 
AFL/BSE & NSE/call/2021-22/ dated 15.11.2021. 
* * * 
Further to our letter cited, we enclose herewith the transcript of Audio Conference Call for 
Investors conducted on 181h November, 2021 in connection with Un-audited Financial Results 
for the Quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for Avanti Feeds Limited 
--呸-呸c.呸 呸, 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Joint Managing Director, 
Company Secretary & CFO 
Encl: As above 
Corporate Office: G-2, Concorde Apartments. 6-3-658, 
Somajiguda, Hyderabad-500082, Telangana State, India. 
\. +91 (40) 23310260 /61 l3 +91 (40) 23311604 
www.avantifeeds.com 
avantiholaavantifeeds.com 
Registered Office: Flat No.103, Ground Floor, R Square, 
Pandurangapu ram, Visakhapatnam - 530003, 
Andhra Pradesh. India. 
CIN: L 16001AP1993PLC095778 

Page 1 
Avanti Feeds Limited Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call" 
18th November 2021, 04:00 PM IST for a duration of 58 mins 42 secs 
C. Ramachandra Rao: Good Evening Ladies and Gentlemen, 
We extend a warm welcome for this Investors Conference Call, to review the Un-Audited 
financial results for Q2FY22. 
Along with me here, are Sri A. Indra Kumar, CMD, Mr. A Venkat Sanjeev, Executive 
Director, Mrs. Santhilatha, G.M. (Finance & Accounts) and other team members. 
Mr. Nikhilesh Chowdary, Executive Director, Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited 
(Subsidiary) have joined through conference call. 
The Results of Q2FY22 are already with you for some time now and we are sure that 
you would have gone through them. 
However, I would like to share with you some of the key indicators relevant for our 
discussion today. 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RES UL TS FOR Q2FY22: 
(A) Q2FY22 RESULTS 
The comparative performance of Q2FY22 with that of 01 FY22 and Q2FY21 have been 
given in the presentation already circulated. 
Gross Income in Q2FY22 is Rs.1,252 
crores as compared to呸 1,430 crores in the previous quarter Q1FY22, a decrease of 
呸178 crores down by 12.45%. Compared to Q2FY21 gross income of 呸1.150 crores, 
there is an increase of呸 102 crores by 8.87%. The PBT is呸 38 crores in Q2FY22 as 
compared to呸 99 Crores in Q1FY22 a decrease of呸 61 Crores by 62% and compared 
to Q2FY21 PBT of呸 162 crores, there is a decrease of呸 124 Crores by 77%. Decrease 
in PBT is because of steep increase of RM prices in Feed Division, especially Soyabean 
Meal and Fishmeal. 

Page 2 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS OF FEED AND PROCESSING DIVISIONS 
A FEED DIVISION: 
Q2FY22 RES UL TS 
The gross income for the 02FY22 is 呸 982 crores as compared to t 915 crores in the 
corresponding quarter of 02FY21, registering an increase of t 67 crores by 7%. The 
gross income in 02FY22 reduced to 呸 982 crores from 呸 1,257 crores in the previous 
quarter01FY22 down by 21.88%. 
However, the 1st half year ending September 30, 21 registered a gross income of 呸 
2,239 crores as compared to t 1, 710 crores in corresponding half year of the previous 
year, an increase by 30.94%. 
The PST for the 02FY22 is 呸 20 crores as compared to 呸 93 crores in 01 FY22, a 
decrease of呸 73 crores by 78%. The PST in 02FY22 is reduced to呸 20 crores from f 
123 crores in the previous quarter 02FY21 decreased by 84%. 
You may observe that in spite of increase in gross income, the PBT has come down by 
84% compared to corresponding quarter i.e., 02FY21, due to steep increase in RM 
prices. 
Increase in raw material prices: 
As in the earlier quarter, continued un-controlled steep increase in raw material prices, 
particularly, Soyabean meal and Fishmeal and their products such as Soya Lecithin and 
Fish oil have been the major contributing factors for drastic fall in the margins, in spite of 
increase in sale price of feed. 
The Fish Meal price has gone up to , 105/- per Kg in 02FY22 as compared to , 95/- per 
Kg in 01 FY22 and now it is at , 95/- per Kg. The Soyabean meal price which was at , 
65/- per Kg in 01 FY22 shot up to 呸 110/- per Kg in 02FY22. 
The prices of Soyabean meal went up so un-controlled that at the request and 
persuasion of Poultry and Aqua Feed Manufacturers, the Govt. of India had to intervene 
to permit import of Soyabean meal to control the price increase. 12 lakh tons of 
Soyabean meal has been permitted to import to stabilize the domestic prices of 
Soyabean meal. 
Now, since the new crop of Soyabean started coming into the market, the prices are 
showing downward trend gradually. Though, initially, Soyabean meal price went down 
to, 48/- per KG, but did not lost long and went up again and now it is at, 56/- per Kg. 

Page 3 
such as cyclones etc., export demand, deterioration in the quality fish such as low fat 
and oil content. 
With new Soyabean crop coming into the market, it is hoped that prices of Soyabean 
meal will stabilize gradually. The prices of other inputs such as Vitamin and Mineral 
Premixes, Packing Material etc., have also been increasing, pushing up the cost of 
production of Feed. 
Increase in Sale price of Feed: 
In spite of increase in the average Feed price realization by 呸 7.16 ps, in the first half 
year (3 times increase: 呸 2.00 ps + 呸 3.15 ps + 呸 4.25 ps), due to steep increase in 
prices, the raw material cost increased by 呸 14.75 ps per Kg, leaving a difference of呸 
7.59 ps un-absorbed. 
However, with Soyabean meal and Fish Meal prices coming down gradually, it is hoped 
that the gap gets reduced gradually. 
B. SHRIMP PROCESSING DIVISION: 
Q2FY22 RES UL TS 
• The gross income for Q2FY22 is 呸 273 crores as compared to 呸 238 crores in Q2FY21, 
registering a growth by 呸 35 crores at 14. 71 %. 
The gross income in Q2FY22 
increased to z 273 crores from z 175 crores in the previous quarter Q 1 FY22 increased 
by 56%. 
However, the first half year ended September 30, 2021, registered a gross income of呸 
448 crores as compared to 呸 427 crores in corresponding half year of previous year, an 
increase of 5%. 
· 
• The PBT (Before Exceptional item) for the Q2FY22 is 呸 41 crores as compared to 呸 40 
crores in Q2FY21, a marginal increase. The PBT in Q2FY22 is 呸 41 crores increased 
from 呸 12 crores in the previous quarter 01 FY22, an increase by 242%. 
However, the first half year ended September 30, 2021, registered a PBT (Before 
Exceptional Item) of z 53 crores as compared to z 75 crores in the corresponding half 
year of previous year, a decrease by 29%. 
• Increase in Ocean Freight rates: 
As in the earlier quarters, the container freight rates have been steeply increasing 
without any control resulting in significant decrease in margins. 
In spite of several 
representations to the Government of India, EIA, the freight rates are not coming 呸own. 

Page 4 
• Reduction in Export Incentives: 
As you know, the Govt. of India had discontinued MEIS Incentive Scheme w.e.f. 
01/01/2021 and also had put a cap on MEIS at t 2 crores for the period from 
01/09/2020 to 31/12/2020. However, the Government was not releasing the eligible 
MEIS for a long time for which no provision was made in the accounts or reversed 
partial provision made. 
Now, during the quarter, the Company has received MEIS Income of t 14.14 Crores 
pertaining to FY21, which has been accounted for now. 
RODTEP: 
The Government of India had announced a new incentive scheme "Remission of Duties 
and Taxes on Export Products (RODTEP)" would be introduced effective from January 
01, 2021, in the place of MEIS. As per the Scheme announced by the Government, the 
Company is eligible for RODTEP scrips to the extent of t 13.55 crores from January 01, 
2021 to September 30, 2021, for which no provision has been made and will be 
accounted for as and when received. 
Status of Recall of Products by AFFPL: 
As you are aware, the Company had to recall cooked shrimp products found potential for 
Salmonella contamination by USFDA and CDC in the recalled products. The recall had 
to be made twice in June' 21 and August' 21. The recalled products are not allowed to 
be brought back to India and they have to be destroyed in US itself 
As a result, the Company is liable to compensate its customers for recalled products and 
related expenses of destruction charges etc., to the extent of the products returned and 
destroyed. The Company is also liable for re-imbursement of medical & related 
expenses to the consumers who fell sick and underwent treatment after consuming the 
recalled products. 
Insurance Coverage: 
The Company has Product Liability Insurance covering the Medical and related 
expenditure mentioned above. 
However, there is no insurance coverage in respect of 
re-imbursement of products returned and destroyed and also other related expenses 
such as Product Destruction, Call center, Storage expenses etc., This cost has to be met 
by the Company. 
Provision in the Financial Statements: 

Page 5 
In the first half of FY22, a sum of ;1: 21.25 crores (Q2FY22 呸 17.15 crore and Q1 FY22 ;1: 
4.10 crore) has been charged off, 
as an exceptional 
item towards value of 
returned/destroyed product and other related expenses. 
The provision in the Financial Statement has been made on the basis of the returned 
and destroyed value of the products together with related expenditure as stated above, ;1: 
21.25 crores. 
Since the recall of Products is made more than 4 1/2 months ago in case of initial recall 
and 3 months ago in case of expanded Recall, further returns of the unsold/unconsumed 
recalled product is not expected in a significant way. 
Further claims, if any, will be 
charged off as and when received. 
As regards insurance claim, the Company is following up with the Insurance Company 
for settlement of claim. So far, 
14 claims for bodily injuries, sickness, have been 
reported, without indicating any financial claim which will be obtained in the course of 
processing of claims by the Insurance Company. 
INDUSTRY OVER VIEW - FUTURE OUTLOOK AND PLANS OF THE COMPANY 
The global economic growth trends and forecasts indicate a bright future ahead after 
undergoing the trauma of COVID-19 First and Second waves. Though, a Third wave is 
anticipated, the impact is not seen as serious as most of the world population would 
have had vaccination. In India too robust economic growth is expected in coming years. 
The first crop of Shrimp Culture in the country has been more than previous year and 
appears promising in the second half also as the farm gate prices and the climatic 
conditions are stable for Shrimp culture coupled with stable export price and sustained 
growth of exports. 
SHRIMP PRODUCTION AND FEED CONSUMPTION IN 2021 
SHRIMP FEED CONSUMPTION: 
The Shrimp Feed consumption in India declined to about 9.55 lakhs tons in 2020, 
however, as the demand for shrimp is expected to increase in 2021 due to return of 
normalcy and favorable shrimp culture conditions, the shrimp feed consumption is 
expected to grow by 10%-15% over the previous year with an estimated consumption of 
Shrimp Feed around 11 lakh tons. 
The Company's feed sales during 2020 was about 4.55 lakh Mts and expected to be 
around 5.25 lakhs Mts in 2021 an increase by over 15%. The Company is expected to 
maintain its market share at 48% - 50%. 
CAPEX plan for Shrimp Feed Plant: 

Page 6 
It is encouraging to note that in the adverse conditions of COVID-19, the Company has 
been able, not only to keep intact its farmers base but also significantly succeeded in 
getting the farmers of competitors feed converted to Company's feed. 
Moreover, with 
stabilized export prices and congenial climatic conditions, the area under shrimp farming 
is also likely to increase resulting in increase in demand for Feed. 
To cater to the increasing demand for Company's Feed, it has been decided to expand 
Shrimp Feed Manufacturing Capacity from existing 6,00,000 MT PA to 7,75,000 MT PA 
by setting up a new Shrimp Feed Plant at Bandapuram with a capacity of 1,75,000 MT 
PA, at an estimated CAPEX 
呸 
125 crore. The construction and commissioning 
scheduled to be completed and commence commercial production from June 2022. 
SHRIMP PROCESSING & EXPORT: 
Shrimp production and exports from India was 5.75 lakhs Mts in 2020, however during 
the current year 2021, the production and exports of shrimp is estimated at around 6.50 
Lakh Mts, a growth of about 10%- 15% over the previous year. 
The Company's Shrimp exports in 2020 is about 12, 192 mts. The estimated exports in 
2021 is about 12,700 mts, maintaining almost same level as in 2020. 
I would like to conclude with a positive note that the Aquaculture Industry is poised for a 
relatively improved performance in 2021 compared to 2020. 
Thank you. 
Question and Answer Session 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad 
and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request. 
you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Participants are requested to restrict to two 
questions per person in the initial round and may join the queue for further questions. 
Our first question is from Mr. Depesh Kashyap from Equirus Capital. Please go-ahead 
sir. 
Depesh Kashyap: Hi sir, thanks for taking my questions. Sir, on the RM prices, as in 
soya meal has corrected very sharply again. 
Just wanted your thoughts, is there any 
pressure on the Andhra Pradesh Government to roll back the price hikes that you have 
taken? 
Al/uri Indra Kumar: Good evening, Depesh. Yes, the Government has asked us to 
reduce the prices, because the farmers were requesting further price reduction. But we 
explained to the Government and the prices have not really come down. And in general, 

Page 7 
overall situation. the costs of all the raw materials and even the electricity and all have 
gone up. So, we said we have to wait and see on the situation of the raw material how it 
is going to move. And what all we have explained to them, that we have imported the 
soya meal from the other countries, because the Government has given one time 
permission, that we have stocks and now we cannot reduce the prices. But we have to 
sit down with the Government and again discuss with them and tell the practical 
situations of the industry. 
Depesh Kash yap: Right now. you have not decreased the prices, you are still . ... ? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: No, we have not decreased the prices yet. 
Depesh Kashyap: Understood sir. And sir, how many days of soya meal inventory are 
you holding and what is the cost of that inventory sir? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Actually, we have covered the soya meal, till now we have imported 
· some soya meal and we have also bought soya meal and vye have almost around 12000 
tons of soya meal with us. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: The average price Depesh. as of now it would be around 呸 60, 
we are expecting, but, very, very highly volatile situation what we are seeing in the 
market as far as the soya is concerned. So, we thought that it is coming down, but again 
it is going up. And today also it has gone up. The thing is that until it stabilizes, the new 
crop comes, I think the raw material prices we have to keep our fingers crossed. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Basically, the soya crop is very good. The crop is really you can 
say bumper crop. But unfortunately, since it is in the commodity exchange, more than 
the physical stock movement, it is going, in commodity exchange, the prices are being 
artificially raised up by some traders. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: Futured they are always going for premiums. 
This was the 
problem. 
Depesh Kashyap: Got it sir. Second question sir is on the feed sale. The feed sale 
seemed to have slowed down in this quarter. So, any reasons why it happened and 
what happened? And is there any shortage of supply for your processing plant that you 
are seeing in this? And also, you have announced the CAPEX increase. So, what kind 
of demand visibility you have for the next year sir? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Basically, you have to look at, this is a seasonal this thing. Now, 
already winter has clocked in. So, actually it is the time to harvest. People harvest and 
get ready for the next crop, which they will be ready for the next crop by January, 
January-February. So, it is a general trend. 

Page B 
C. Ramachandra Rao: Depesh, I can add to what CMD said that what you are referring 
to is the quarter two, Q2, is it not? So, if you take actually Q1 and Q2 together, compare 
with the earlier year, the first half year there is a significant increase in the volume of 
sales. Please observe that. This indicates that we have been able to really keep our 
farmers base intact. And moreover, we have been able to get conversions from other 
feeds also very much in the first half year of this financial year. So basically, as our CMD 
said, it is a seasonal factor. 
So, what happens is, if you compare with the last year 
corresponding quarter, the feed sale is more. And the Q1 FY21 was more and Q1 FY22 
was less. And that is reversed in the second quarter. It means, the first season spillover 
from Q 1 to Q2 takes place according to the culture situation. So, overall if you look at 
the entire six months period, we have registered significant increase in our volume of 
sales. 
Depesh Kashyap: Got it sir. Sir, I was just asking, just a continuation to that question 
please, if I can continue. 
Sir, I was just asking the other listed entities, they just 
announced in the conference call that there was some disease related risk and the early 
harvesting happened. 
So, you don't see any such kind of thing, which led to a 
slowdown? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: No, no, actually in the second half we had three-four mild cyclones. 
Farmers were afraid of any damage. They harvested in a very premature harvest. 
Depesh Kash yap: Okay, got it. Thank you, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: The next question comes from Mr. Nitin Awasthi from lnCred Equities. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Nitin Awasthi: Hello sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question would be that 
Thai Union Feedmill had just recently got listed. And in their listing, they have recently 
released a press release, post listing, in which Avanti was also mentioned as a partner in 
the future investments that they will do. So, has the relationship now changed or how 
much is the royalty that we will now continue to pay to Thai Union Feedmill instead of 
Thai Union? And what are the opportunities that this brings out, the separate entity Thai 
Union Feedmill? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Thai Union Feedmill is a technical collaborator with the Avanti 
Feeds Limited. The royalty is being paid from beginning to Thai Union Feedmill. 
Nltin Awasthi: Okay. And that will continue at the same rate? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes. 
Nitin Awasthi: And no new royalties will be incurred to be paid to the Thai Union 
Feedmill, is that correct? 

Page 9 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes, correct. 
Nitin Awasthi: Okay. And they also spoke about opportunities in fish feed and in India. 
So, is the company collaborating with them for fish feed? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes. 
Nitin Awasthi: Is this particular species or generic fish feed? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: No, this is specific species. Like in earlier meetings or conference 
call or investors call, we were talking about sea bass. 
In sea bass feed, Thai Union is 
the leader in the world. Therefore, India also the culture of sea bass is going up. We 
are working out on the sea bass feed and other feeds like tilapia and other feeds. 
Nitin Awasthi: And tilapia you mentioned? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Tilapia also, there is culture of tilapia in India, but that also we 
would catch up. 
Nitin Awasthi: Noted sir. And the second question would be, there is a Gujarat based 
entity which got permission for SPF black tiger and they have clubbed their product very 
well. They have clubbed their SPF black tiger feed along with their shrimp feed for black 
tiger. And they have got a substantial market, at least that is what the news indicates 
that lot of farmers started to do black tiger using their feed. So, did this impact us in any 
manner, specifically in Gujarat? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: No, no, the feed is being supplied by them, but the feed is being 
used by Avanti Feeds. Their feed has not been successful, as far as the market 
information, what we got from the market information. 
Nitin Awasthi: Okay, noted sir. Sir, lastly from my side, has all the price increase been 
reflected into the current price? Because, what I am getting which I calculate the current 
price of feed is the realization is 呸 75.36 and the price increase is little more than that. 
So, could I see more realization increase in the coming quarters? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes, actually we have not increased the price off late. We have 
increased the price in August. We have increased the price in August that is we have 
increased in three phases; around t 11.55 we have increased. 
Nitin Awasthi: Yes, but it is not completely captured in the current quarter's realization? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Total what raw material prices have increased, we have not 
captured entire increase of raw material, because for soya bean meal, it was a 

Page 10 
fluctuating market. Actually, unless it is removed from the commodity exchange, people 
were playing in the exchange. 
Nitin Awasthi: Noted sir, but what I was asking was the realization. 
So, should the 
realization go up to 78? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: Yeah, Mr. Nitin, what you said is correct, because since we have 
taken the increase in price in three phases that particular quarter will not completely take 
the realization. Actually, you will get the full impact in the current quarter. 
Nitin Awasthi: Got it sir, noted sir. Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
will get back in the queue. 
Our next question comes from Mr. Nisarg Vakharia from Lucky Investments. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Nisarg Vakharia: Good evening gentlemen. I have one question. That one question is 
that, what is the effective price increase of feed for the farmer after the raw material price 
inflation and the price hikes that we have taken on the feed? And secondly, since you 
mentioned about fish feed on sea bass, sea bass is a very premium commodity, very 
premium fish. Is there any cultivation of sea bass that happens today in India or is this 
something which Avanti will take the lead with the new set up of fish feed, if you could 
give some insights on this? Thank you so much. 
Al/uri Indra Kumar: Yes. I would answer the fish feed, the sea bass culture has started 
in India in a slow way, slowly started in India and culture is being done. The feed now is 
being imported from Australia and other countries. And there is not much feed in India 
for the sea bass. 
And definitely Avanti is going to encourage the sea bass culture, 
because India has a vast fish culture to convert it to sea bass, because the farmer 
makes higher profit and also the sea bass is a premium variety. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: Answering your other question, what is the price increase for the 
farmer, the feed price. 
It would be around 呸 7 to呸 7.50 is the increase of the feed. But 
whereas our cost is about 呸16, where the difference is being met by the company. The 
farmer gets only an increase of somewhere between呸 6 to呸 8, that is the range. 
Nisarg Vakharia: How much does it hurt the farmer when he has to pay 呸 7 more and 
how relevant is the cost price or the cost of feed in the overall cost of production? And 
does India, also enjoy favorable conditions for keeping and cultivating feed bass like we 
enjoy for tiger shrimp? 
Al/uri Indra Kumar: No, actually the feed cost is around 49 % to 50%. 
It remains the 
same, because the prices of the shrimp also have gone up. The farm gate price of the 
shrimp has also gone up. 

Page 11 
Nisarg Vakharia: Okay. But there is no Government price control on this, right? 
Al/uri Indra Kumar: The Government requests the companies to take care of the 
farmers. 
Nisarg Vakharia: Okay. And sir, I have asked one more question that does India enjoy 
also climatic advantage to cultivate sea bass like we enjoy tiger shrimps? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes, yes. 
Nisarg Vakharia: Okay. Thank you so much sir and all the very best to you. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Thank you 
Moderator: Thank you. 
The next question comes from Mr. Aman Madracha from 
Augmenta Research. Please go ahead. 
Aman Madracha: Sir, my question was, currently we are operating under shrimp feed 
business, we are operating at almost zero percent margins. So, how are you seeing this 
situation? Will it persist or how long it will persist or when it will go away? And the other 
question was, I just wanted to understand, why can't we raise the feed prices, despite of 
being a market leader in feeds? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes, see, the raw material prices have gone up, it is a seasonal, it 
depends on the catches in the ocean, the fish meal catches, fish catch in the ocean and 
also the crop situation of soya bean and wheat in the country. 
Since after COVID all 
these costs have gone up almost 30% to 35% and since there was shortage of soya 
bean meal and fish meal, the prices have gone up. 
Now, as I told earlier, the soya bean crops this year is a bumper crop. But, as long as it 
is in the exchange, commodity exchange, the physical transaction is much less. The 
prices should come down. And fish meal arrival also, fish arrival is also good, compared 
to the pervious year. 
And I think we are expecting the prices to come down. 
But 
definitely if the prices are not going to come down, we have to increase the feed price. 
Aman Madracha: And sir, can you just give me the capacity utilization for this quarter 
and previous quarter? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Capacity utilization for the previous quarter we were almost more 
than 115% to 120%. 
Aman Madracha: Currently we are at 85%, right? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes. 85%. 

Page 12 
Aman Madracha: Okay, got it. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Dipak Saha from Savart. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Dipak Saha: Hi, goqd evening, everyone. 
Thank you for taking my question. 
My 
question is regarding the shrimp feed part. 
So, on half yearly basis we have seen 
significant increase in that overall sales volume. So, is the demand trend really looking 
good? And if the demand trend is looking good, then is it sustainable for the second half 
of the year? And my second question is regarding the margin pressure that we are 
seeing on the shrimp feed part. So, we have not taken the price hikes to a significant 
extent, so that is why the rise in commodity prices and the end prices of our product is 
kind of disproportionate. So, are we planning any kind of price hike in the second half of 
this particular year? This is my first question. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: To answer your question, shrimp culture and the aquaculture is a 
seasonal business like agriculture. 
The first half is the peak season and when the 
harvest takes place, it slows down. 
So, you have to take it as seasonal business. 
Basically, it is a seasonal business. And regarding the feed prices, as you said, we were 
anticipating the feed price to come down, this raw material price to come down. But 
unfortunately, it didn't come down. 
So, the Government of India has allowed us to 
import soya bean meal. So, the prices have stabilized and the new crop has come, 
which is a good crop. And if the raw material price goes up, we will definitely increase 
the price. 
Dipak Saha: And sir, as we had not increased the prices in that extent, in this particular 
quarter, has it benefited us in gaining any market share compared with the competitors? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: We have gained the market share and you can see from the results 
the sales have gone up. Our sales have gone up, but we have gained the market share 
and we are running almost full capacity of the plant. And since we are not able to supply 
to the requirement, we are expanding. As you said, because these are commodities, we 
expect the markets to come down or go up. Unfortunately, the raw material prices have 
gone up. But we could not increase the price, because we have to see the farmer. Now, 
since the shrimp prices are up and the feed prices, raw material prices are coming down, 
we don't find any necessity now to think of any increase. And if the raw material prices 
go up, we will definitely do it. 
Dipak Saha: Okay. And sir, my second question is regarding the products that we have 
recalled due to the quality issues. Sir, what is the exact compensation amount that we 
have incurred in this particular quarter? And what are the measurement that we are 
taking, because we believe this is the second time, we have done this activity and it 
might also weigh heavily on your brand 
image? So, what are the mitigatory 

Page 13 
measurement that we are taking, so that this kind of thing does not happen in the future? 
And what is the exact compensation that we have incurred in this particular quarter? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: To answer your first question of the compensation, we have 
made provision of 呸 21.25 crores on the basis of the products, recalled products which 
have been returned and destroyed and also, the related expenditures like storage, like 
destruction cost and all, which is the basic liability of the company. So, we have taken 
care of that, because that is the liability of the company. 
As far as the insurance 
coverage for the bodily injuries is concerned, we have received about fourteen claims, 
but none of these claims have really given the amount of compensation they are 
anticipating or expecting, but still under process. The insurance company sought some 
information from the claimants that what is the incident, when did you consume, when 
did you fall ill, whether there are any doctor's report and all. All these things when we 
get, we will be able to exactly know what the claim amount is. We do not expect that 
much more than around 呸 21 crore to 呸22 crore will be the total liability as far as the, 
both the recalls are concerned. As far as the image is concerned, we do not foresee any 
big impact of this, because we have taken all steps. 
I think Nikhilesh would be able to 
explain the steps that we have taken to improve the systems, procedures in accordance 
with the FDA regulations and engage the services of some experts. And I think he will 
be able to explain. Nikhilesh, can you explain this? 
Alluri Nikhilesh: Yes sir. So, good evening. 
So, in terms of what we are doing to 
ensure that it doesn't occur; we have done multiple food safety audit; we have rerun the 
whole master plant. We have re-visited, strengthened it further to ensure that such 
incident does not occur again. And we have increased the testing at the factory. And 
we have increased the number of microbiologists at the factory and installed one of the 
most advanced food safety systems i.n the world, in the facility. And we are thoroughly 
looking at it every day. And the results have been very good actually. 
All loads now with FDA have tested and passed. So. we can see that the system is 
working. On the brand image, we have been in the business for a very long time, over 
two decades now. So, our customers are confident about the product. And they have 
been, we have explained what are the new initiatives we have taken in the factory to 
arrest the reoccurrence of such a problem and they are convinced and they are 
supportive. So, I don't think in the long term there is any significant impact on the brand 
image or customer base. 
Dipak Saha: Thank you. That is all from my end. And all the best for the second half of 
the year. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. 
The next question comes from Mr. Chockalingam 
Narayanan from BNP Mwtual Fund. Please go ahead, sir. 

Page 14 
Chockalingam N: Hi sir. This is with regards to PU scheme, any progress there and 
what are we expecting in terms of, what plans do we have with regards to that scheme? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: We have made the application to the Government PU scheme. 
That is under process still. We have to get the clearance from them, because it has got 
three-four levels. We have answered all their queries and it is under process. I think it is 
premature to give any specific idea about how much we are going to get and all but, we 
are awaiting the processing by the Government of India, commerce department. 
Chockalingam N: But, not about the sort of incentives, but more about the quantum of 
investment that you are envisaging under this and what sort of end products are you 
looking at? And with regards to fish also, along with fish feed, would you have to put in 
money or set up a capacity towards fish processing as well? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: No, no, fish processing is not there. The fish is sold domestically. 
Fish processing is right away not on the cards. 
But, definitely the investment for the 
processing expansion is around, 82 crores what we have submitted, 
Chocka/ingam N: Understood sir. And with regards to the ... 
Moderator: Mr. Narayanan, if you don't mind coming back in the queue for more 
questions? 
Chockalingam N: Sure, just one question if I can ask. With regards to the raw material 
cost versus the quarter that has gone by, how much has it reduced, if you can probably 
index it and if you can give a commentary, at spot level, how much has it come down to, 
that would be helpful? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Mr. JMD has already informed. The fish meal has gone up to 呸105 
and now it has come down to 呸 95. And the soya has gone up to 呸 110 and now it is 
around t 60. 
Chockalingam Narayanan: Sure. These are the averages that you are talking about 
sir or those were the range that you were talking about, that is what was not clear and 
hence the question? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yeah, it is the range. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: See, it keeps changing almost every day, almost every hour. 
It 
is very difficult to exactly index it, saying that average is so much. What we do is that. 
we keep monitoring the prices of the soya bean meal from time and time and on the day- 
to-day basis, we book orders depending upon our stock levels and also as our 
consumption. So, it is very difficult, because nowadays the last one year, six months to 
eight months, it has been undergoing a very, very severe volatility, this soya bean meal. 

Page 15 
So, what you might have definitely observed this, what is happening in the market of 
soya. So, it is very difficult to tell. As I mentioned in my initial address, I said that it was 
呸 48- 呸 50, it has gone up. It came down and again it went up. Now, it is 呸 60. We don't 
know what is going to be the rate tomorrow morning. 
We are really surprised, which never happened. So, every year what happens is, when 
the new crop comes. in the month of October, gradually it comes down. And because 
the fresh crop is available in the market, the prices come down. And it is almost like, 
another six months, the prices are very stable. This is what has been happening for so 
many years. 
But last three-four years, the phenomena have completely undergone a 
change. 
Maybe as our CMD said, it is because of NCDEX coming in the way. 
Because, they 
keep some sort of futures booking in anticipation of prices going up, coming down and 
that gives the farmers, today the situation is that, though crop has come into the market, 
it is available, but it is not being released for sale, because they are anticipating the 
prices are going up. Because, future prices, trading, they are indicating the prices will go 
up. So, they are not selling. They are just holding it. 
It is not coming into the mandi. 
That is the situation now. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Punit Mittal from Global 
Core Capital. Please go ahead. 
Punit Mittal: Thank you for the opportunity. 
I have just two or three simple questions. 
One is that the feed expansion that you are taking next year, is it under the PU scheme? 
Two, the sea bass import of feed that you mentioned, do you have, can you give us 
some color on what that quantum in terms of volume and the value that you may be 
importing today? And three is regarding the cash pile up. As you may be aware that 
investors are wary of the situation, because many companies in India after such a large 
cash pile up has gone into diversification or related party diversion. Now given Avanti's 
historical reputation, it does not look like that may be the case. But the cash is piling up. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Your voice is not clear. 
Punit Mittal: Is it clear now? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Yes. 
Punit Mittal: Yeah. So, my third thing was about the cash pile up. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: What was the second question? 
Moderator: Mr. Mittal? 

Page 16 
Punit Mittal: Did you get all my questions? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: No, second question, we couldn't. It was not clear. 
Punit Mittal: Okay. My second question was regarding the sea bass import of the feed 
that you mentioned about. Can you just give us the volume and the value that India is 
importing currently? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: No, we don't have exact value of the feed, because the sea bass 
culture has just started. 
It is just starting. 
And the small quantity of feed is being 
imported from Australia and Vietnam. And most of the sea bass, they are using the 
crude method of peeling the raw fish. 
Punit Mittal: Okay. And the feed expansion you are undertaking, is it under the PLI 
scheme? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Feed is not under PLI, only for processing is the PLI. 
Punit Mittal: Okay. And my last question was regarding the cash pile up. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: We are expanding. Right now, we are expanding the shrimp feed. 
Punit Mittal: Yes, I got that. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: And we are going for fish feed in the second stage. And right now, 
your question of sea bass feed, the exact quantity we don't have right away. And most 
of the farmers are using crude method of peeling it, traditional method of feeding it. 
Punit Mittal: Thank you sir. I got that. My last question was regarding the cash pile up 
in the balance sheet. I was asking, because the cash is piling up and naturally investors 
are wary of this kind of situation of cash piling up on the balance sheet. So, if you can 
give us what the plan of the company is regarding that? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: As you know we are going in for an expansion using our own funds. 
For shrimp feed, we are going with 呸 125 crores and the fish feed is going to cost us. 
And we are going to use the working capital requirements. 
The working capital 
requirements will go up much higher. Since this is seasonal business, we require much 
more working capital and we don't want to get into the situation of raw material 
purchasing, when the raw material price is low, we have to purchase at much higher 
quantity and to keep inventory. 
Punit Mittal: Understood. Thank you so much. 

Page 17 
Moderator: Thank you sir. The next question comes from Mr. Omkar Ghugardare from 
Shree Consultants. Please go ahead, sir. 
Omkar Ghugardare: Hello? Is my voice reaching you? 
Al/uri Indra Kumar: Yeah. 
Omkar Ghugardare: My question was more to do with the expansion which you have 
done, so what kind of sales you are expecting, asset turn you are expecting from this 
expansion? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Sir, actually it is a seasonal business and we are utilizing the 
capacity almost at 125% to 130% in the peak season and in the non-season we are 
utilizing up to 80% of the capacity. We are not able to catch up with our customers 
demand what we have. Now. we are expecting this year around 5,25,000 tons. We are 
expecting another 1,00,000 to 1,50,000 in the coming years. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: So, I may add to say that, the peak season starts in the month, 
starts from March and April, May, June, that is the peak season. 
Every year we are 
facing severe shortage in supply, because of higher demand. And also, to mitigate the 
risk, supposing we are able to get some machinery problem and there is a stoppage of 
processing in one unit or one line, then it gives a real problem in the peak season. So, 
what we were earlier doing is, we used to pile up the stocks of finished goods by the end 
of February, March, so that it can be distributed in the subsequent year. But, we do not 
want to expose to any other such unknown situations and we want to see that we are 
comfortably, all our farmers. all our dealers and farmers get the feed on time, without 
any disturbance in our supplies. That is one of the major reasons which we want to go 
for expansion. Added to that, as we are expecting the increase in demand also, but 
what we have seen in the last six months is that, number of new farmers getting 
converted into our feed, because of our quality of feed and our services and we expect 
that our demand may go up even more than 50% of the market. So, to cater to that also, 
we are keeping in mind, we are expanding the capacity. 
Omkar Ghugardare: Okay. 
So, as far as the competitive scenario in the market is 
concerned, what is the total tonnage, the yearly it is going on, for the current year you 
are expecting and what it will be like .... ? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: 10,50,000 tons to 11,00,000 tons. 
Omkar Ghugardare: Okay. And what would be the capacity utilization, approximately 
on that? 
Alluri Indra Kumar: Pardon me? 

Page 18 
Omkar Ghugardare: What would be the capacity utilization company would be working 
on? How much is actually sold in the system? 
C. Ramachandra Rao: As we have been telling that this is a seasonal industry. 
In the 
season, if you ask me the capacity utilization, it has to be average or a particular month. 
In the month of May if you ask, it will be 140% capacity utilization. 
If you ask in 
December, it will be 6%. So, what we consider is an ideal capacity, on an average it 
should be around 80%-85% and take the average capacity utilization. 
If we can achieve that it is good, is it not? The total installed capacity, with average, if 
you look at 7 lakh tons, let us say 7 lakh tons is the installed capacity, if you look at 80%, 
it is about 5.40,000 tons. That is how it works. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: In the peak season, we are operating, as earlier you said, 1,25,000 
to 1,30,000, it is 130%. 
Omkar Ghugardare: Right. So, the last question of mine is that, as you can see from 
the last three-four years, the return on equity and the return on capital employed, 
because of the cash pile which is going on and the capital allocation being done by the 
company is automatically going down, so now it is in single digit. So, what exactly is the 
plan? Last time you said that around 400 crores to 500 crores you would be requiring 
for the working capital and now you are saying that, on top of that 125 crores for 
capacity expansion and around 8200 crores for the other things. 
So, still you have 
sufficient amount of cash on your balance sheet. 
Alluri Indra Kumar: With the increased capacity, working capital will also go up. 
Omkar Ghugardare: Yeah, correct. But still, it won't go up that much, right? 
Al/uri Indra Kumar: It will go up. Now, the situation, we have seen this year situation. 
We have to keep the inventory at a much higher stock. 
Omkar Ghugardare: Yeah. But, apart from that still you will be having lots of cash on 
the balance sheet and you will be generating a lot of cash, because of the higher 
production you will be generating, right? 
So, higher revenue, higher the profits and 
higher the cash flows. 
Al/uri Indra Kumar: We have been giving good dividends also. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Sherwin 
Fernandes for closing comments. 
Sherwin Fernandes: We would like to thank the management of Avanti Feeds for giving 
us the opportunity to host the call. And I would like to thank the investors and the 

Page 19 
participants for taking their time out to participate on the call. Thank you and have a nice 
day. 
C. Ramachandra Rao: Thank you Sherwin. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, with this, we conclude our conference call for today. 
Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. 
You may all disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good evening everyone. 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible 
words. 
