 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 27, 2021 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on website of the 
Company and can be accessed on the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
To take us through Q2 FY22 results and to answer your questions, we have 
with us Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh - MD & Group CEO, Mr. Kiran Manohar 
Deshmukh - Group CTO, Mr. Vikram Verma - CEO of Driveline Business, Mr. 
Sat Mohan Gupta -  CEO of Motor Business and Mr. Rohit Nanda - Group 
CFO. I will now handover the call to Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh for his opening 
remarks and the presentation. Over to you Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you Kapil and good day everyone. On behalf of Sona Comstar, I 
would like to welcome all of you to the earnings call of what has been in the 
financial metrics, our best quarter yet. 
 
Slide 6: 
 
We will begin as usual with our vision, which we have tweaked a little bit after 
we have some excellent feedback from one of our new public shareholders 
and because we are a Company with a global customer base, global 
presence and global competition, we have modified our vision from India’s 
most respected and valuable auto technology Company to one of the 
world's most respected and valuable auto technology companies.  
 
Slide 7: 
 
Our story is a testament to that long-term vision. We started small but with an 
unbeatable technology advantage of precision forming, which has allowed 
us to grow at nearly 50% CAGR in the first 12 years. In the next phase our 
growth moderated to a CAGR of 10% but we improved our EBITDA margins 
to 25%, while adding differential assemblies in the new product.  
 
Our third phase was truly transformational. We massively expanded our 
export business, our customer base as well as the product portfolio. We also 
started our EV journey here in 2016 with gears for electric cars and later 
vertically integrated upwards into making a full final drive assembly. We also 
did a fairly value accretive acquisition of Comstar and this along with our 
fantastic organic growth, helped us achieve over 32% CAGR growth in the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
last 5 year phase. All this while simultaneously increasing our EBIDTA margin 
to nearly 28%.  
 
While our 4th phase begins now, I would like to highlight that in our 22 years 
journey, we have grown at an incredible rate of 36% while always sustaining 
excellent EBIDTA margins, and at any phase in our story we have exceeded 
the industry growth rate by many many times.  
 
Slide 8: 
 
Yes, our values, our results rest on the foundation of our values of integrity, 
vitality, agility, and frugality, and by staying true to our value system, we hope 
to continue delivering strong results on all three - growth, margins and returns 
like we have so far. 
 
Slide 9: 
 
We feel that we have managed to build quite a unique business by having 
these three things, large EV revenue shares, good scale and high growth, 
while achieving and maintaining remarkable financial performance. I touch 
upon each of these three aspects in the context of our first half and latest 
quarter in the next three slides. 
 
Slide 10: 
 
First, we begin with EV, our BEV revenue share has increased to 21% in H1 
from 13.8% in FY21, our EV revenue in absolute terms has grown by 223% to 
over Rs. 220 crore in the first half. It also gives me great pleasure to report that 
in the last quarter we have added three new EV programs, 2 from existing 
customers and 1 from a new customer. With this, we have reached now 20 
EV programs, 7 of these are in serial production as compared to 5 in the last 
quarter, while 13 are in the order book.  
 
These three new programs cover three different products, a differential 
assembly program for a compact electric passenger carmaker in Asia, who 
is also a new customer. Strategically this is a very important win and I’ll 
elaborate upon this and the importance of this in the later slide. We've also 
got a differential gears program for an existing North American customer, 
where the ultimate customer is a large North American passenger vehicle 
maker. And lastly the third one which is a P.M.S.M. Motor program for an 
existing electric two - wheeler customer in India.  
 
Slide 11: 
 
Now we come to the Net Order Book. At the end of Q2 this stands at Rs. 13.6 
thousand crore or nearly $1.8 billion. For people who are joining for the first 
time, this is the aggregate value of the next 10 years revenue from all 
programs that are yet to commence or are still ramping up, minus the impact 
of all programs that will reach end of life hence, the net value. I want to 
clarify that when we say order book, we do not include running programs 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
that are already in production, so, this is over and above our current revenue 
run rate.  
 
The order book is obviously dynamic and in Q2 since we consumed orders 
worth 16 billion and one new order worth 12 billion on a net basis, there is a 
reduction of 4 billion. Although what everyone has to understand is that this 
is now on a much higher base rate of running revenue versus last quarter. If 
you see a growth, a lot of this growth has come because we have consumed 
this order book because industry growth rate has actually been negative, so, 
this is our growth. Now of course, we want new order intake, and it always is 
much higher than orders consumed each year. But this is, as you would 
understand, hard to predict or manage on a quarterly basis because order 
wins are discrete and unevenly distributed events. So we've had quarters 
where we've added a 40 billion to the order book and also where we've 
added nothing at all to the order book. A full year in our opinion is a much 
better time frame to measure and monitor new order intake. However, 
because this is just our second quarter, we thought we will be completely 
transparent and share it live as we go along.  
 
Another highlight on this is the EV part of the order book, battery EV or plug-
in hybrid as a percentage that has increased from 57% at the end of Q1 to 
58.5% at the end of Q2, and because our existing EV revenue share is also 
increasing in this quarter to 22%, the proportion of revenue from the EV should 
continue increasing over the next few years. 
 
Slide 12: 
 
Third, I come to our financials. So, first quarter, like I said at the onset, this was 
the best quarter yet. We grew our revenue, EBITDA and PAT by 52%, 24% and 
22% respectively. That we have achieved this despite strong headwinds on 
semiconductor shortage globally, material price increases, freight costs 
increase and frankly each and every input costs facing inflation these days, 
this really highlights the resilience of our business. I'm afraid though that these 
headwinds will persist through Q3 and Q4, and the auto market as well as 
margins will continue to remain under pressure from these factors. But as 
promised to you whenever we talked before between 26% to 29% is how 
we've kept and always talked about our EBITDA depending on input price 
variance. To also to note our BEV revenue grew by 143% and it has reached 
22% underlining the pace of electrification in an otherwise very slow or almost 
negative growth automotive industry. 
 
Slide 13: 
 
For me, the H1 numbers are more important because they reflect an 
ongoing business and I'm proud to report that we have managed to more 
than double both our revenue as well as net profit over H1 of last year.  
 
We had a healthy 27% EBITDA margin for the first half and over 15% PAT 
margin while our returns continue to be best in class.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
 
Even more important than financial growth, we have managed to improve 
our global market share in both differential gears from 6% to 6.4% and in 
Starter Motors from 4.6% to 5% in the first nine months of calendar year 2021, 
which is a phenomenal rate of expansion from a global perspective. 
 
Slide 14 &15: 
 
Now, victories are only meaningful if they're achieved on our priorities and 
not on an ever-expanding need for more without focus or reason or purpose. 
So now on to our four medium term priorities:  
• 
Electrification,  
• 
Global market significance,  
• 
Diversification,  
• 
and lastly technology; which is how innovative companies, like us, 
survive and thrive over time.  
 
Slide 16 & 17: 
 
In our last call, I had spoken about how in the driveline business, we were 
focused on the performance and high-performance segment of electric 
passenger car market, basically 100 kilowatts upward. With our latest order 
win, that I spoke about of a compact car differential assembly business, what 
it has done is now we can address the entire passenger cars space, including 
the small and mid-segment BEVs from 50 Kilowatt upwards. What this does is 
allows us to supply our gears, differential assemblies, and final drive 
assemblies to a much wider market. Earlier, it was only US, Europe and China 
which were relevant end-markets. Now we have a relevant product offering 
to cater to the emerging small car EV markets in Asia and India as well.  
 
Now coming to the motor business, the motor businesses core strength has 
always been making lower voltage motors with high power density and 
performance. We have extended the strength to making traction motors 
and motor control units for electric 2 and 3 Wheelers. And we've already 
been fairly successful in the Indian market where we are supplying to 2 of 
India's top five electric 2-wheeler makers. The longer term aim here for motors 
will be to keep moving upwards along the power access and get into 
traction motors for hybrid and battery electric passenger cars as well.  
 
Slide 18: 
 
Now this focus on EV has yielded good results and while our revenue share 
has grown 16 times in the last 2.5 years to reach 21%, in absolute revenue 
terms, the growth is even more impressive at 25 times. And looking at the fact 
that 58.5% of the order book is EV, this segment will continue to be the fastest 
growing. 
 
Slide 19 & 20: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
 
Now, onto market share and we continue to increase our market share 
globally in both product groups and continue to also hold a dominant 
position in the Indian differential gear market.  
 
And if you were to look at it, the biggest reason for our growth in this quarter 
is indeed our market share growth because if you look at the industry, there 
is a degrowth in virtually every segment. In fact, the global auto industry had 
its third worst quarter of sales in the last three or four years. And our two 
biggest markets, Europe and North America had their second worst quarters 
of sales, preceded only by the covid impacted quarter, which was worse. 
So, if you look at our performance against this backdrop and context, 
hopefully it would appear even more remarkable, and this is what is 
translating into financial growth as well. 
 
Slide 21 & 22: 
 
Now coming to diversification, we begin with revenue cut by power train, 
two things to point out, the two secular themes increasing BEV share and the 
reciprocal trend of our exposure to ICE also reducing on every period 
growing from 35% in the FY19 to 19% at the end of H1 this year.  
 
Slide 23: 
 
Moving to geography, I think we are getting into a much more balanced 
revenue mix with U.S. Europe Asia and India, almost all becoming nearly 
equal contributors to revenue, and this mix will definitely change from 
quarter to quarter depending on the performance of these four economies, 
their end markets and much more critically our customer’s performance in 
these end markets.  
 
On product diversification, we are happy to report that our journey from 
components to subsystems and systems is proceeding well. Our revenue 
share from differential assemblies has grown from 5.6% in FY20 to 24% now in 
H1. And the second notable point here is the revenue share of ICE Starter 
Motors, which is there, is declining every period.  
 
Finally, the last one, the one mix that is unchanged. our vehicle segment 
diversification. The one notable thing here is that the India CV demand is 
starting to gradually pick up and we can expect that in the medium term it 
could be an additional lever of growth.  
 
With that I will turn the call over to our Group CTO, Mr. Deshmukh to discuss 
our approach to technology. Over to you sir. 
Mr. Deshmukh: 
Slide 24: 
 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
 
Slide 25: 
 
Tony Seba and the RethinkX team found across diverse fields that once a 
tipping point is reached, it takes a new technology 15 years to go from 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
nothing to being dominant. During the same period, the old technology is 
decimated, catching the incumbents by surprise. This rule has repeated for 
over 200 years for products as diverse as fabric dyes, car tires, nails, cameras, 
to cars vs. horse carts. It is our firm belief at Sona Comstar, that the tipping 
point of electrification was last year, and in 15 years or by 2035 ICE engines 
would be reduced to a negligible global market share.  
 
Slide 26: 
 
This rule happens due to a casual feedback loop led by three actors: the 
Governments or the regulators, the financial markets, and the consumers. 
Government supports subsidizes the cost of the adoption of new technology 
and lowest investment risk. Capital markets reward new technologies with 
higher valuation multiples and lower cost of capital, thereby attracting more 
incumbents to switch to the latest technology. The consumers start getting 
more variety, better prices and better performance, creating more and 
more demand. The exact reverse of this starts happening to the old 
technology players, we have already started seeing this in motion with 
electric vehicles and investors as usual are ahead of the curve helping 
accelerate distressed.  
 
Slide 27: 
 
During the last quarter's earnings call, Sona Comstar’s technology roadmap, 
which is fully aligned with this trend, was presented. Such roadmaps are for 
the long term, and they don’t change in a few months unless of course there 
is a significant disruption in society. Our strong belief in the electrification of 
mobility dates back to 2016 when we focused on the emergence of EVs, 
acquired Comstar and developed products to meet the needs of electric 
vehicles. Today, we supply a variety of products for electric passenger cars, 
electric 3-wheelers and electric 2-wheelers and we will continue this journey 
and make more products to support the electrification of the drivetrain.  
 
Slide 28: 
 
Traditional methods of business excellence are so far focused on optimizing 
costs and cost efficiency. Today’s businesses need to be steadfast in the 
volatile, uncertain, and complex world, while also being efficient. 
Recognizing this, we embarked in our Industry 4.0 journey with the vision to 
use technology to achieve a delicate balance between the efficiency and 
the resilience. We implemented various initiatives to digitalize our factories to 
make our operations smart.  
 
While our strategic intent drove these initiatives, their scaling up was possible 
only if we had able, competent, and skilled employees. To develop digital 
fluency and build advanced skills of our managers, engineers, and 
executives we partnered with NASSCOM to roll out the FutureSkills Program. 
Conceptualized and constructed by NASSCOM and supported by MeitY, 
the program aims to upskill our employees to face digital revolution across 
multiple functional areas.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
 
In the future we will work with NASSCOM to develop content suitable for the 
shop floor employees to bring digital literacy among the frontline associates.  
 
I would now hand it over to Rohit to cover the financials. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Slide 29: 
 
Thanks Mr. Deshmukh, a very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to share 
our second quarter and H1 results where we are reporting the best-ever 
Revenue, EBITDA and PAT numbers for the Company. 
 
Slide 30: 
 
We'll start with the slide on the first half results.  
 
Vivek has already given you a snapshot of revenue Ebitda and PAT numbers 
for H1. So I'll focus largely on the key factors affecting these numbers.  
 
Our revenue growth for this period was diversified across all geographies, 
product categories and powertrains though the highest growth was seen in 
our focus areas of BEV in powertrain and Systems i.e Differential Assemblies 
in the product categories.  
 
EBITDA margin at 27% had a positive impact from operating leverage and 
product mix at 2.5% and 3.8% respectively. Despite price passthrough, RM 
cost increase has reduced margin by 3.7% due to arithmetic effect. It's 
important to understand how this arithmetic effect works. Therefore, we have 
made an illustration to explain it.  
 
Slide 42: 
 
In this illustration, we have assumed a base selling price of ₹100 for a product 
with the material cost of Rs. 45. In case of an illustrative 15% increase in the 
RM cost, both the selling price and material costs go up by the same 
amount. As you can see, there is no impact on absolute margin. But the 
margin as a % drops by 3.5%.  
 
Slide 30: 
 
An adverse impact of 3.7% in a similar way has come on our EBITDA margin 
due to this arithmetic effect.  
 
Besides this, RM cost increase, not having a pass-through arrangement had 
an additional impact of 2.1%. Last year first half EBITDA margin also had 2.1% 
higher forex gain because of which the last year’s first half EBITDA margin 
looks to be a bit on the higher side.  
 
PAT margin at 15.7% was higher compared to the last year’s H1, because 
depreciation and interest as a percentage of revenue have gone down by 
nearly 4%. H1 of current year had also had a one-time effect from 
exceptional income on account of reversal of IPO expenses, nearly 1% post 
tax impact on the PAT margin.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
 
Slide 31: 
 
Now let me walk you through the Y-o-Y comparison of our second quarter 
numbers. 
 
We will begin with revenue. Our revenue for the second quarter was Rs. 5.86 
billion with a Y-o-Y growth of 52%. Our BEV revenue grew by 143% to Rs. 1.24 
billion, constituting 22% of our total sales. Our revenue grew in all 
geographies, but for North America which was lower by 14%, mainly 
because of the higher impact of chip shortage on some of our North 
American customers.  
 
On the EBITDA front, it grew by 24% to Rs. 1.54 billion wherein EBITDA margin 
was 26.4%. There was a positive impact of 1.2% due to operating leverage. 
Similar to the last slide, the arithmetic impact of the RM cost pass through 
was 3.7%. RM cost increase without corresponding pass through plus the 
product mix impact, had an adverse impact of 1.7%. Besides this, EBITDA 
margin in the comparable quarter last year was higher by 2% due to forex 
gain.  
 
Moving on to the PAT for the quarter, it grew by 22% to Rs. 882 million with a 
PAT margin of 15.1%. Lower finance costs during the quarter helped in an 
improved margin transmission between EBITDA and PAT. 
  
Slide 32: 
 
Now let me take you through quarter-on-quarter comparison for the second 
quarter of FY 22.  
 
Our overall revenue grew by 17% on a quarter-on-quarter basis while BEV 
revenue grew by 28%. We saw revenue growth across all geographies on a 
sequential basis. Our global market share in Differential Gears and Starter 
Motors continue to grow and stood at 6.4% and 5% respectively, based on 
the nine months of the calendar year, indicating that we continue to grow 
faster than the market.  
 
Our EBITDA for the quarter grew by 11% on a sequential basis compared to 
the previous quarter where the EBITDA margin was lower due to product mix 
and increasing the RM prices. We expect inflationary pressure on the input 
cost of RM and services to persist at least in the near term.  
 
On the profit after tax front, our Q1 PAT included exceptional gain on 
account of reversal of IPO expenses with an approximate post tax impact of 
Rs.100 million, compared to the adjusted PAT for the first quarter we had a 
growth of 22% in profit after tax. Depreciation and finance as a percentage 
of revenue was lower and has helped in to improve transmission of profit 
margin between EBITDA and PAT.  
 
The financial performance of the Company needs to be appraised in the 
context of continuing inflationary pressures on input costs, supply chain 
challenges and fading effects of monetary and fiscal support globally. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
 
Slide 33: 
 
Now onto the cash flows for the half year, major sources of cash inflows for 
the first half happened: the EBITDA of Rs. 2.93 billion and the proceeds from 
the primary issue to the tune of Rs. 2.94 billion. In terms of the deployment or 
outflow of the cash flow, we used Rs. 2.6 billion for the loan repayment. 
Capex spending was Rs. 1.47 billion, and there was an increase in the 
working capital to the tune of Rs. 559 million. Besides this, there are tax 
payments of Rs.462 million. On the whole, there is a net equal of Rs. 395 million 
in the cash position, plus the treasury investments of Rs. 513 million which 
were made during this period.  
 
While we are on the cash flows, it's fair for me to provide an update on our 
estimated capex outflows in the current year. Against our earlier estimated 
number of Rs. 6.5 billion this year, the revised estimates are now around Rs. 
4.5 billion. This change is mainly on account of logistical constraints faced by 
our Capex vendors, pushing out nearly Rs. 1.8 billion of cash outflow to the 
next financial year. A large part of it was skewed towards the last quarter of 
the current year in any case. Further, there is a reduction of about Rs.150 
million in capex due to efficiency improvements. It's important for me to add 
that this shift in cash flows is not expected to have any negative bearing on 
our overall expansion plans.  
 
Slide 34: 
 
Moving on to the key ratios, I will start with the ratio of value addition to the 
employee costs, which has improved to 5.7 times compared to 5.2 times last 
year. As I explained last time also it is calculated by dividing material margin 
with a total employee cost and is used by us internally as one of the key 
operating metrics. Higher numbers implies operating leverage working more 
favorably relative to the comparable period.  
 
Our return on capital employed was nearly constant at 34.7% as compared 
to last full year. Improvement in the annualized EBITDA has had a 
corresponding increase in the capital employed and therefore the ROCE is 
nearly constant.  
 
Return on equity stood at a healthy 31.4%, though it was lower than 36.4% 
reported for the last financial year. And that is mainly because of expansion 
of the equity base following our primary issue of Rs. 300 crore, which we have 
used to largely pay off the long term debt of the Company.  
 
Coming on to net debt to EBITDA ratio. Net debt of the Company is now 
negative after we've paid down our long-term debt and therefore, net debt 
to EBITDA ratio has also turned negative.  
 
In terms of the turnover ratios, the working capital turnover and fixed asset 
turnover ratios have improved to 3.9 and 4 times respectively due to higher 
growth and revenue as compared to the growth in both net working capital 
and net fixed block. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
 
With this we come to the end of the quarterly earnings presentation, and I 
will now hand the proceedings back to Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Rohit. I think we can head straight to Q&A, I don't think there's 
much more I have to add. 
Caihua Chan: 
Okay, thank you very much. To all participants online, currently we are in the 
Q&A segment. If you have a question, you may use the raise hand function 
icon located at the bottom right of the WebEx page. We will unmute your 
line and prompt you to speak and you may also choose to type your 
question in the Q&A box, and we will address it accordingly. Thank you. 
 
The first question will be from Mr. Nitin Arora of Axis Mutual Fund. Nitin, your 
line is unmuted, please go ahead thank you.  
Nitin Arora:  
The first question is again, you know, on the point which we discussed last 
quarter also and you said that you know, our endeavor is to outperform the 
market and you know the kind of demand which is coming from the electric 
vehicle despite chip shortage, we will try to do better and that you have 
grown even on quarter-on-quarter basis you have grown significantly 
despite the issues. Here the question is that, when we look at the kind of 
transition which is happening in the market, you stated in your opening 
remarks that electrification, you know every region, can you throw some light 
more just to understand the supply chain once more on the chip shortage 
side. How is it still very confident to outperform and do better and supplies 
would not be impacted. The kind of demand which is coming from the 
electrification side. If you can talk about that first and then I have two more 
questions. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Perfect. The supply chain continues to remain a problem, the chip shortage 
is real. This is why I said if you guys look at the numbers of the overall world 
industry, just step back and look at it. It is the third worst quarter in the last five 
years. And that's the data I looked and it maybe even longer. Europe and 
US are really badly hit. Will it continue? Yes, I think it will continue. Why I was 
confident even last time about our growth was because we were growing 
more from new orders. So, let's say existing run rate was you had 100 rupees 
of business, that 100 I knew was going to 90 but I had 30 of new business 
coming. That's why, I was confident of going to 120. I don't think it's improving 
any time soon. When there are many more people more suited than me and 
more knowledgeable than me, who can comment on when finally, the chip 
shortage will end, but not any time soon is our estimate and our assumption 
while we are working. Will electrification continue? I think electrification is 
continuing because of all of this. While the chip shortage persists and you 
have higher times to wait anyway, a lot of people can switch their demand 
and wait for the electric vehicle. So, I think electrification is inevitable, 
immutable, irreversible. So that's going to continue. How we fair is connected 
being to B2B2C player, it is connected to how our customers perform and 
how they manage to overcome the chip shortage issues. So, while in the 
short term there could be fluctuations even with us. In the medium term we 
will always be much-much ahead of the industry. If you look at the industry 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
growth rate in US passenger vehicle, Europe passenger vehicles, these are 
our important markets, right? All of them have seen a double-digit de-growth 
while we have grown by double digits. So, that I can promise you that we 
will always be far better than industry growths. But if overall industry again 
has the same issue, we are not unaffected, we are part of it and we will 
remain affected because even if we can make our parts and supply that, 
no car can be sold 99.9% complete. So, my parts will just sit in inventory, if 
any one person in the supply chain is affected. 
Nitin Arora:  
This answers my question, thank you. Just dwelling more onto it because you 
had some client addition and as stated in the call in starting, I'm not trying to 
get into any client names or client specific things. I know you don't take those 
questions. The question is more from the penetration point. When six months 
back when China was 13% of EV suddenly becomes in six months 22% of the 
EV. The question here is that do you see in massage you know because of 
this even Europe is growing very significantly when we look at the numbers, 
is it more of an aberration or because in the last six months there is no new 
model launches which has come in the electric part, it's more of the existing 
models which is going and taking the electrification numbers higher. So, 
when in the next 2-3 years, the way luxury car makers are trying to launch 
the model of the EV in the next 2-3 years’ timeframe, you know, just from a 
longer term, I'm asking this question to you 2-3 years. Again, not taking any 
client specific name, could we see some more client additions here from a 
luxury side, for you? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Okay, yes, is the short answer. We've already got, I think now a fair number 
of customers. Prateek can you just take us back to BEV slide which has the 
number of programs and customers? Perfect. So, Nitin, this is already 11 
customers in three years. We will have many more customers just because of 
the pipeline we have and many more new entrants. There are a lot of people 
who still don't have a significant EV model or a significant born electric 
platform. I mean some of the car makers have retrofitted, I would say for the 
lack of a better word for existed models with a battery electric vehicle 
powertrain. When they design some vehicles from scratch, they will come in 
and we will add more and also to be noted now right now my revenue if you 
saw five programs were what were only ramped up last quarter now it's 
already seven. When these 13 come in, the revenue will also become far 
more diversified across many customers. And it includes some of the major 
current automakers also just that their programs haven't started yet, and I 
hope that in 2022-23 a lot of big programs will start. 
Nitin Arora:  
This is helpful. I'll come back to Vivek in the queue and thank you so much 
for answering this. 
Vivek Vikram Singh     Thanks Nitin. 
Caihua Chan: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Satyam Thakur from Credit Suisse. 
Satyam, your line is now unmuted. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
Satyam Thakur:  
Thanks for taking my question. So first question to Vivek, as you have talked 
about that, your first set of BEV customers on the differential sideway were 
performance EV customers and now you are trying to go down the curve 
and get more into mass market EV as well and you have had one order win 
from Asia, but just trying to understand the dynamics how that differs there 
because with the performance BEV cars, we know in what you did really 
well; the differentiation in terms of your ability to deliver high torque 
applications, right. So, does the appreciation for that differentiation really go 
down as we go down to the mass market and what will that manifest into, 
will that manifest into lower margins? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hi Satyam. Good to hear from you and a very good question and I know that 
the last phrase you used is the crux of your question. But I will still answer the 
technical part of it also. Yes. Just because a customer of ours makes a smaller 
sized vehicle or a lesser priced vehicle, it doesn't mean that they don't want 
to give their customers our consumers, the car drivers a better, more kicky 
driving experience, you know, a more torque car. So, they are focused, and 
this Asian customer wants to make a really high torque zippy application. It 
just doesn't have to be EV for the sake of it. It should be a battery electric 
vehicle, which is also fun to drive, high performance while being smaller. 
Right. What is important for us is to deliver. Like we keep saying more torque 
per gram. Now keeping the constraints of a smaller car in a smaller package 
in mind, can we deliver a differential assembly which delivers that higher 
torque while not costing a lot. And doing it at the margins that we were used 
to. So, to answer the last part, No. This would be equivalent margin to all our 
battery electric differential assembly projects that we are doing, same. And 
that is the trick right to try, you can always get market share by lowering 
price. Without sacrificing price by designing the product to be more efficient, 
the materials to be more efficient, the gear design to be more efficient that 
you are using less, hence it costs less. 
  
So, you are not reducing price by sacrificing a profit but you are reducing 
price by reducing cost of manufacturing, which is why this is very key for us 
and it is an important win because it opens the door to a lot many 
automakers who don't have the, you know, the luxury EV offering only. Most 
of the car market is actually geared towards the hatchback, compact or 
small sedan space. So, it allows us far greater access. Now we can access, I 
would say the middle of the pyramid as well. 
Satyam Thakur:  
Thanks Vivek, thanks for that. And, if I can just also get an update on what's 
happening in our effort to win BSG customers and so far we've still not won 
an order, if I am correct. So what's delaying this? Is there some challenge, I 
mean covid driven challenges or some other issues? And if you could also 
share an update how many customers, we are in discussion with at what 
stage? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So, I request Sat to take it but overall, no new win. If there was, I would 
have reported it. Sat over to you. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Yeah, thanks Vivek. We are working with a few customers both in Europe and 
in Asia. And generally, it's a very technology driven component of the 
assembly. It has its own a lead time for testing and validation, so we are 
engaged with right now around four customers and the discussions are 
going pretty well. So, at the right and appropriate time as Vivek said we will 
inform you on further development. 
Satyam Thakur:  
Okay, thank you for that. And lastly one question for Rohit, if I may. So, on 
margin front, our margins slipped a bit while topline performance was very 
good, margins slipped a bit, and especially if I back out what the implied 
Comstar margins would have been, you know, consolidated minus 
standalone kind of. So that seems like Comstar margins might have slipped 
to as low as 20%. So is that ballpark correct estimate? And secondly, you 
know, I mean, how do we improve from here? Because from Comstar side 
we don't have a pass-through arrangement or an opportunity to take a price 
hike or something. And so how does the margins start improving, especially 
given traction motors potentially could be a bit more margin dilutive is the 
sense one has. 
Rohit Nanda:  
So ballpark, I think the number sounds okay. And the number that you spoke 
about. Now see in terms of margin we have already explained. So, in case 
of, even the motor business also, there are both kinds of cases, so we do 
have material pass through for copper, in case of many customers, we do 
have a price pass through for aluminum. So steel is the only commodity 
where we don't have any pass through. So, there are two types of impact 
which has come on the margins on the motor business side, like I explained 
for the overall console numbers, one is the arithmetic impact wherein in spite 
of the price pass through there is a drag on the margins because of the 
arithmetic effect. And the second is the genuine impact on the margins 
because of increasing the RM prices. So that's why we did mention that 
because of the strong RM prices, the margins were sort of under pressure in 
the last quarter.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, and to add to what Rohit said, Satyam, the real thing there, the real 
loss is actually only about 2%. The rest of it is actually just math what Rohit 
showed you. That because the base changes and the extra money that you 
get as reimbursement for material price increase, goes sits in your 
denominators. So, the percentage changes, but it's not real. On how much 
did you make in absolute terms remains the same. So the 2% is the actual 
drop. It's not as high as one would imagine. Material prices will cool at some 
stage, but when, I can't predict and it will come back, as it does. We have 
seen in the last six years, many of these cycles. That's why I keep saying it 
fluctuates; second, the second part of it, when you're looking Y-o-Y last year 
we had unusual actually, highly unusual forex gains which was in our favor 
and artificially inflated those margins at that point. I think also because we 
do mark to market accounting of forex where in every quarter we actually 
look at the value of all our forex (inaudible) and there is more fluctuation 
quarterly basis. But the real drop is actually 2%. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
Caihua Chan: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Shyam Sundar from Sundaram MF. 
Shyam your line is now unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Sundar: 
My first question is if we look at our geography mix, clearly China has done 
exceedingly well quarterly. So, I mean without taking any name there, what's 
exactly happening from our supplies to China and how do we think of this 
going forward? That is the first question. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hi Shyam, good to hear from you. One, we have actually added China and 
all of Asia, rest of Asia to one thing called Asia, just for a comparison because 
we were doing a very strange thing saying North America and Europe which 
were two continents and then suddenly saying China, which is a country. So, 
we put that, but you're right. A lot of the growth has come from that segment 
mainly because if you look at it relatively, China has de-grown the least 
amongst all three major car markets. There is no other real reason. So, if 
everyone was 100 and if everyone dropped by let’s say 20% North America 
dropped by Europe, dropped by 15% and China dropped by only 2%, 
relative proportion in the mix goes up, that's all that happened. There is no 
new, no new win or no new major program that ramped up in this quarter, 
it's a relative shifting of revenue. 
Shyam Sundar: 
Okay, okay I think there is some shift in terms of classification, I think I misread. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
What we did. RoW was a bigger chunk which was also actually almost all 
Asia, because if you look at these continents Asia, Europe, and North 
America, and we take India out of Asia of course there is not much left in the 
automotive world, there is just UK and South America which is 1% of our 
revenue, but biggest part of Asia is China and will continue to be China. 
Shyam Sundar: 
Sure, thanks for that. So, I think my other question on the margin I think was 
answered in the prior question. The last one, if you have to think about 17% 
sequential sales growth, what would have been approximately volume vis-
a-vis realization increase? Realization was it like 3.7-4% that we have also 
spoken about in the margin sections? Just trying to get the split between 
volume and realization that we got in the topline. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sorry, I did not understand, Shyam. 
Shyam Sundar: 
Okay, revenue growth on a sequential basis was up almost 17% at the 
console level. Just trying to understand how it would have been split volume 
and realization increases that you would have got because of the 
commodity pass through, that’s all. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Good question. I can't answer it just yet. It would require some clever thinking 
because volume I have to think about gears volume, assemblies’ volume, 
there will be so many products, it will be hard to do. But you're right, there is 
a bit of what we call empty sale. Empty sales are basically nothing that 
you've got because steel prices increase or copper price increase, you just 
got the pass through, right? And that is empty. I could say that would be a 
percentage, which is why actual EBITDA margins in that sense has not gone 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
down that much, it just looks optically because there is some empty sales. By 
how much, I can't answer but I will get back to you on this one. Actually 
Shyam, I will answer that, what Rohit said 3.7%. So, 3.7%, is that increase which 
is the math part of it. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Vivek but that is not on a sequential basis because second quarter we didn't 
have a price increase, there was only some pass through. So actually 
between first and second quarter there is no empty sales, I mean the 
terminology you used so to say and in terms of volume, I think it's  a bit tough 
because there are three products or four products we are looking at and 
clearly here you can see the BEV revenues have grown faster than the rest 
of the revenue so that's a different unit of sale as compared to.. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Current, part realization won't make sense because even within one type of 
product there will be hundreds of SKUs with different pricing. Actually, there 
are products in gears for example, there is a gear which is Rs. 45 and there is 
a gear which is Rs. 4,500, so very hard to figure that bit out. 
 
Caihua Chan: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Nitij Mangal from Jefferies. Nitij, your 
line is now unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Nitij Mangal: 
Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to understand 
what are you doing on the Starter Motor side differently that's helping you 
gain market share? I think the differential gears are better understood but on 
starter motors seems to have gained over the last few years. So, what's really 
driving that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hi Nitij, good to see you again. Sat do you want to take this and speak a little 
bit about the differentiating factor or USPs of our Starter Motors? 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
See Nitij, for starter motor it is the power to weight ratio and also the durability 
cycle, which we are offering to our customers and most of the growth 
happened in a segment where both are, very critical for the vehicle. In 
addition to that, we're also giving a very good advantage to OEM's on the 
temperatures handling and our starter motor can handle up to between 
minus 40 degrees, 220, 140 degrees. So, these are the advantages we are 
offering as our standard package to the OEMs. Though other tier 1s would 
ask for the premium on as far as the pricing is concerned but we are offering 
these as our USP. The other factor which contributes for us is the response to 
the concerns or response to the customers on their applications. So, we don't 
just give our standard Starter Motors. We worked with OEMs, and we give 
them application specific solutions. So, these are the, some of the 
advantages we are offering and that's helping us to win businesses. 
Nitij Mangal: 
Thanks very much and just quickly, can you share what are you utilization 
levels in both gears and motors? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, gears at the end of first half around 75%, assemblies well very close to 
100%. In differential assemblies, the demand supply keeping us on our toes. I 
think in the motor business, for the Starter Motor settlement, it will be between 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
55 to 60%. There we had installed a fairly high amount of capacity, 2-3 years 
ago so we have that available. 
Caihua Chan:    
The next question is from the line of Mr. Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. 
Jinish, your line is now unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Vivek, continuing on the question of capacity. The starter motor capacity 
which we had put 2-3 years ago, can that be, is it fungible between Starter 
Motors and Traction Motors? How does it work? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sat do you want to take that? 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Sure, these are the two different products and it's some of the equipment’s 
you can use it, but primarily these are the assembly lines. So, these are more 
specific to Starter Motors and the EV motors. But within Starter Motor you can, 
I mean, you can produce a different type of starter motors. It can range from 
1KW to 2KW. So, in that sense, it's fungible. But between two product line, it's 
very difficult. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Yeah, and to after that Jinesh, the motor business, both traction motors as 
well as starter motors is not that CAPEX intensive compared to the gear 
business for around Rs. 600 of investment, you get about Rs. 3,000 revenue 
on starter motors. So 1 is to 5 you know, Rs. 1 capex, Rs. 5 revenue. So, 
because it's an assembly business, right, so it's a lesser capex. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right. And with respect to the traction motors, particularly on the 2-wheeler 
side, how well are we geared up for any substantial ramp up in the Indian 
market? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:    Great question. Actually, it's taking us by surprise, the speed at which the 
ramp up is happening. I think that is one of our key operating things that we 
look out for. So, Sat, how much is our BLDC capacity right now? 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Today we are at 150,000 units a year and we are in the process of setting up 
an increase in the capacity to 400,000 units, both BLDC and PMSM. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:    So, Jinesh we are quite ahead because you know, each vehicle only requires 
one, and last year it was only 25,000 and we were at that time 100,000 
capacity. So, we were quite ahead in terms of capacity than what the 
industry was. But looking at the fast rate of growth, we are staying ahead of 
you know, the demand curve. 
Caihua Chan:     
The next question is from the line of Mr. Keshava Bharadwaj. Keshava, your 
line is now unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Keshava Bharadwaj: I have a couple of questions. One is when will the Government announce 
PLI schemes, so it will start adding to the bottom lines? That's one question. 
And the second question is, I recently saw a tweet from you on the new 
factory setup being brought up. So, how long will it take for that, and what 
would be the main components that you would be producing in that? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:     Thank you, Keshava. Thank you for following me on Twitter. I didn't even know 
anybody saw those tweets. But yeah, so the factory we are building is in 
Chakan. It will be a plant where we'll make differential gears and differential 
assemblies. We also have an existing small plant in Pune that we will be 
shifting to this large plant. It is our largest plant yet at 10 acres, should start 
getting operational. Vikram, you want to take that one on when and what 
the plans are, Vikram? 
Vikram Verma:  
So this, the new plant, we are targeting by the end of March or April, which 
should be in production. But this will be, the first phase will be to shift our 
existing, as Vivek explained, our existing Pune plant is actually a very small 
plant which is overflowing and then we are shuffling some businesses and 
redistributing our volumes from Gurgaon, which we are sending all the way 
to South and West. We'll be redistributing and creating more space in 
Gurgaon because as the volumes are ramping up, we need more space to 
set up in Gurgaon. And while we will expand in Pune to cater most of the 
South and the West. Of course, we have a differential assembly business and 
we will grow the differential assembly business for the Indian domestic, for 
the West & South. That's our overall plan. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:    Thanks Vikram. And on PLI, Keshava, we have applied, we don't know 
whether our application will get accepted and we will get enrolled and 
when the money comes. I think the scheme clearly says that FY22 - 23 will be 
the first year of when they will evaluate and the payment of the cashflow, 
the payout from the scheme is I think is in FY 23 - 24. So yeah, we don't know 
any more than what is already out there in the public domain and what has 
been announced by the Government. We will apply and what will happen 
to our application and the certainty of getting any incentive is unknown at 
this moment. 
Caihua Chan:     
The next question is from the line of Mr. Naresh Suthar from SBI life Insurance. 
Naresh, your line is now unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Naresh Suthar:  
First question is regarding BLDC. You said about this capacity being 
increased from 30,000 to 4 Lakhs. So, I just wanted to understand the timelines 
regarding that and whether we already have order visibility, or we will be, 
we are currently in discussion, and we'll be having those orders along when 
we get ready with this capacity. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sure. So, one Naresh, we already have 150,000 capacities, not 30 and we 
already, like I mentioned, we are already supplying on three motor programs 
to two customers in 2-wheelers and one in 3-wheelers. Yes, we are in 
discussion with, Sat can take this on how many, but quite a few number of 
potential customers. But that's not anything to think about because only 
when you have confirmed purchase orders does it becomes real for us. But, 
Sat, do you want to throw some more light on how BLDC is shaping up? 
Sat Mohan Gupta:       Yeah, both the products, BLDC and PMSM motors are shaping up pretty well. 
We are in discussions with more than 15 customers, having a pretty good 
volumes forecast. As far as the capacity is concerned, I think we will be ready 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
by the first quarter of FY23 with the 400,000 capacities. So, we are targeting 
May-June of next year where we will be having the capacities. And we are 
assuming that I mean in that period we will have a pretty good customer 
base and the products. 
Naresh Suthar:  
Understood. Second question again on margins, you have many things 
clarified already, but again, sequentially if I see the gross margins and one 
of the comments you highlighted that there was no price increase, from 
quarter to quarter we have taken. So, I assume then everything is volume 
quarter to quarter the sales growth, the gross margin dip there means the 
raw material inflation has not been passed on, so is it right understanding 
and how much, I mean after that I want to understand the raw material 
index, how much it has gone up after that also, so that cumulatively how 
much is still to be pass through. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah. So, if we look at the sequential slide, Prateek can you please go there, 
Q-o-Q comparison. So, basically there is a slight fall in the margin on a 
sequential basis and like we have said it's actually a mixed impact of product 
mix and also there was some delayed price increase pass through to our 
vendors which has impacted us in this quarter. So, although there is no 
increase in the RM prices as such but there is a slight impact which has come 
in this quarter because we could manage to delay the price increase pass 
through to our vendors to this quarter. And to answer you other question 
actually, I think April was the last when the steel prices actually were 
increased. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:    Apart from that everyone should remember there's also freight, which has 
gone up by many times not percentage. It has gone up by many times, 
freight rates. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah, 4-5 times 
Vivek Vikram Singh:    Yeah and being an exporter you have to absorb those. Operating leverage 
and because we are growing, we are able to absorb those and keep the 
margins where they are. Otherwise, it is a very inflationary environment. 
Kapil Singh:  
Hi Vivek, can I take a couple of questions from you two as well?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:     Yes sir. Why not. 
Kapil Singh: 
One question has come that was there any RoDTEP benefit for H1 in the 
reported numbers? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:     No.  
Kapil Singh:    
Okay. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:     So, Kapil this is what Rohit meant by in his very broad statements like line of 
you know, removal of fiscal and whatever benefits that the regulators. 
Actually, till last year, and this is one of the things I wanted to highlight, that 
last two years, a lot of things have been gone. MEIS is gone, RoDTEP was 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
supposed to come and help bridge that gap for exporters, it has not. We 
used to be in the GSP regime with the US when we exported to the US, that 
benefit is gone. We are not on that list anymore. So, there were a lot of 
incentives available to exporters in general which are all gone, which is why 
I keep maintaining that the fact that we are still between 26-29 is quite 
remarkable after all of these things have gone away. 
Kapil Singh:    
Got it. One more is from Priya Jay. Can you shed some light on collaboration 
with Nexus IRP on magnetless Motors? What is the expense incurred due to 
the same and projected ROI? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Okay. I'll ask Mr. Deshmukh to answer that but the projected ROI is not 
something we have calculated or will calculate. To be honest, if innovation 
is subject to the whims of ROI alone, there will be no innovation in the world, 
something that doesn't exist, how do you calculate the market of that? If we 
all became people who judge every innovative step by just measures of how 
much money it will return, there will be no innovation. I mean there is a very 
good book called Innovator's Dilemma that'll guide everyone to, and the 
classic mistake that big companies make when they look at new products 
or new innovations like a magnet-less motor is this, what is the size of the 
potential market? Market is not big enough, let's not do it. What is the IRR, 
what is the ROI? We have not, if we had been that kind of Company to be 
honest we would have never made the drive assembly for EVs. At that time 
when we made it in 2016 there was no market. So, that I can assure you we 
will not be that Company. So, we have not and will not calculate it. What is 
the expenses and status, Mr. Deshmukh, you can brief everyone on it. 
Mr. Deshmukh:  
The difficult part of the question Vivek has answered. Well, the electric motors 
that we make, and everybody makes have got magnets and especially for 
the high efficiency motors which go into drive applications. These magnets 
are made from rare earth metals and this material comes from China or 75% 
or 90% of this comes from China. So, two problems, one is that it has to be 
imported from China and because of geopolitical reasons the prices 
fluctuate so you can't be sure about when the prices will go up. Over the last 
10 years, these prices have gone up and down by as much as three times. 
Second problem is in a typical motor, the cost of these magnets, especially 
magnets, high performance magnets of this rarer type, costs anywhere from 
20% to 45% depending on the type of motor and configuration, etc. So, it's a 
big chunk of the cost. What we are trying to do with IRP with the Israeli 
partner is co-develop an electric drive motor, initially for 2-wheeler, 3-
wheeler applications which will not have magnets. So, once we develop a 
motor of that type and good progress has happened so far, but right now it 
is in very early stages of development. We hope to complete this in the next 
18 months. When that happens, when we realize that we will get a big cost 
reduction, we will be free of uncertainties of the magnet cost and therefore 
we should be able to get more market from customers. Ultimately, the 
benefit of this will go to our customers and to the entrances. I hope I 
answered your question. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:    Thank you sir. I mean, it is worth doing because like Mr. Deshmukh said it 
makes the product lighter, more certain, less polluting because neodymium 
mining is a very polluting activity and eventually makes the electric vehicle 
cheaper for the end consumer, hence it pushes the boundaries of 
electrification and creates more market, which is why it is worth doing and 
we will do it. First, we will make the product, if we do succeed, then we will 
look at how much market, how much the capex would be behind it, etc. 
Caihua Chan:       
The next question is from the line of Mr. Mahesh Bendre from IDBI Capital. 
Mahesh, your line is now unmuted. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
On capital expenditure you said that this year we reduced it from 6.5 billion 
to 4.5 billion. So, will this capex go to next year? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Yes, most of it. I think Rohit mentioned that about Rs. 15 crore was, we have 
found a more efficient way. So Rs. 15 crore is reduced permanently, but rest 
of it will just shift by one quarter each. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So what could be the number next year on capital expenditure? 
Rohit Nanda:  
So Rs. 180 crore is what is shifting from this year to next year. And I think the 
original plan for the next year was around ballpark Rs. 150 crore. So that's 
where we are as all. Now. Obviously with new order wins and all this can 
change. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thank you team, due to time constraints, this was the last question that we 
could take. I would like to thank the management of Sona Comstar for 
taking out time. I know we had a bit longer than what was expected, thanks 
to all team. I'll hand over Vivek in case there are any closing comments. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:    No, nothing. Thanks. Thanks everyone for attending, giving us your valuable 
time, attending our earnings call and showing interest in us and in our story. 
We are committed to building a long-term business while ensuring continual 
alignment and transparent dialogue with our shareholders. Should you have 
any further questions or need any clarification from us please feel free to 
reach out to us or to CDR India. Thank you once again and see you next 
quarter. 
Caihua Chan:   
Thank you. Thank you everyone for your time. You may not disconnect from 
the call. If you have any questions, you may email it to us and then we will 
pass it to the management accordingly. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
