"' 
~ 
0 
...J 
a. 
co 
a, 
:::; 
Cl 
a, 
0 a, 5 
z 
[i 
LUMftX 
LATL:CS:NSE:BSE:2021-22 
Date: 03.12.2021 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400051 
Security Code : 532796 
Symbol: LUMAXTECH 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Earnings Conference Call- Q2 & Hl FY 2021-22 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicabl~ SEBI Regulations, Please find enclosed herewith 
the Transcript of Analysts and Investors Earnings Conference Call of the Company which was held on 
Tuesday, 16th November, 2021 at 3.00 P.M. to discuss Operational and Financial performance for the 
2nd Quarter and Half Year ended on 30th September, 2021. 
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech. 
You are requested to take the same on records and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
~
UTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
ANIL TYAGI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
M.NO. A-16825 
Encl.: As Stated above 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
Plot No. -878, Udyog Vihar 
Phase-V, Gurugram-122016 
Haryana, India 
No10 
~ 
rT1 
V, 
r-
~ 
-:»V' 
...__~....-
T +91124 4760000 
E shares@lumaxmail.com 
www.lumaxworld.ln 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited - REGO. OFFICE: T'Floor, Harbans Bhawan-11, Commercial Complex, Nangal Raya, 
New Delhi-110046, T - +9111 4985 7832, E - cao@lumaxmail.com 
DK JAIN 
GROUP 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 18 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANMOL JAIN - MANAGING DIRECTOR – LUMAX 
AUTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK JAIN – DIRECTOR – LUMAX AUTO 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MEHTA - DIRECTOR & GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VIKAS MARWAH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
LUMAX AUTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. NAVAL KHANNA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - LUMAX 
MANAGEMENT SERVICES 
MR. ASHISH DUBEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. 
PRIYANKA 
SHARMA 
– 
HEAD 
CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATION 
MR. ANKIT THAKRAL – CORPORATE FINANCE 
 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions 
and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anmol Jain - Managing Director – Lumax Auto Technologies 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to Q2 and H1 
FY2022 Earnings Call of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited. I hope you all are safe and 
healthy. Along with me on this call, I have Mr. Deepak Jain - Director, Mr. Vikas Marwah 
– CEO, Mr. Naval Khanna - Executive Director - Lumax Management Services, Mr. Sanjay 
Mehta - Director & Group CFO, Mr. Ashish Dubey – CFO, Ms. Priyanka Sharma – Head 
Corporate Communication, Mr. Ankit Thakral from the finance team and SGA our Investor 
Relations Advisor. The results and presentations are uploaded on the stock exchange and 
company website. I hope everybody has had a chance to look at it. 
Normalcy in business activities was experienced in Q2 post the second wave, however, the 
global semiconductor supply constraint continues to be a challenge resulting in supply chain 
disruption impacting production across the industry amongst all OEMs. Many OEMs have 
reported a decline in sales on a sequential basis on account of supply constraints. As per 
data published by SIAM in the second quarter of FY2022, the overall industry production 
was down by 3% from Q2 of FY2021 mainly due to degrowth of two-wheeler segment by 
6%. All other segments registered growth in the current quarter. 
Passenger vehicles were up by 4%, commercial vehicles up by 26% and three wheelers up 
by 31% from Q2 of last financial year. I am happy to share that our sales significantly 
improved despite supply chain disruption in the industry. Our Q2FY2022 performance was 
at a historic high single quarter sale. I am also glad that the government has given 
weightage to advanced technologies through the PLI scheme. We are expecting to gain 
healthy benefit from the PLI scheme especially in our joint ventures as most of our products 
are covered under the scheme. 
Let me now take you through the performance of each business entity. The standalone 
entity caters to integrated plastic module, aftermarket business, chassis, swing arm for two-

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 18 
wheelers, trailing arm for three wheelers under the metallic business and two-wheelers 
lighting. The standalone entity has contributed 79% of the total consolidated revenues for 
the half year of FY2022. Lumax Mannoh Allied Technologies, the 55% subsidiary which, 
manufacturers manual AMT and AT gear shifter systems and has the market leadership 
position, contributed 13% to the total consolidated revenues. During the quarter, the 
company started export of made in India, automatic gear shifter for a global platform.  
Lumax Cornaglia Auto Technologies, the 50% subsidiary which manufactures air intake 
systems and urea tanks commanding 100% share of business with Volkswagen and Tata 
Motors contributed 6% to the consolidated revenues. Lumax Metallics Private Limited a 
100% subsidiary, which manufactures seat frames, contributed 2% to the total consolidated 
revenues. Lumax JOPP Allied Technologies is a 50% subsidiary, which is engaged in 
design, development and production of gearshift towers, automated manual transmission 
kits, all gear sensors and forks. The production has started to pick up as per the OEM 
schedules. 
Lumax Ituran is 50% joint ventures with Ituran Telematics of Israel. The revenue of this 
company is not considered in the consolidated revenue being an associate of the parent 
company as per Ind-AS. On July 2, 2021, the company signed a joint venture agreement 
with Alps Alpine Corporation Limited, Japan to establish a joint venture company for the 
manufacturing and sale of electric devices and components including software related to the 
automotive industry. The joint venture company was incorporated on September 21, 2021 
by the name Lumax Alps Alpine India Private Limited as a 50% subsidiary of Lumax Auto 
Technologies Limited. We shall start booking revenues in this JV by the end of third quarter 
of the current fiscal year. 
I am happy to also note that there were new launches made during the quarter in the 
passenger vehicle segment for Mahindra’s Prestigious XUV700 platform, the company 
launched the gear shift lever and console cables along with seat frame and tyre carrier for 
Tata motors, Nexon  and Punch Models, we again delivered the seat frame and the air 
intake system respectively for the Volkswagen model and the  air intake system  was 
launched in the current quarter and in the two wheeler segment for Honda Motorcycle and 
Scooter India for the Unicorn model, we made multiple plastic parts. 
As Lumax we are well positioned to capture growing market opportunities through our 
systematic and customer first approach with the addition of the new subsidiary we are 
aligned with our vision to establish reliance on technology along with the support of our 
partners. Now, I would like to hand over the line to Mr. Sanjay Mehta, Director and Group 
CFO to update you on the operational and financial performance of the company. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone, let me brief on operational and financial performance for the 
company for Q2 and H1 FY2022. For H1FY22 Integrated plastic models contributed 27% 
to overall revenues followed by chassis at 19%, after market at 18%, gear shifter at 13%, 
lighting products at 12%, emission at 6% and others at 5%. Two and three wheelers 
contributed 47% to overall revenue, passenger car at 20%, after market at 18% and CVs at 
9%. With respect to financial highlight for Q2 and H1, the consolidated revenue stood at 
Rs.403 Crores for Q2, which is the highest single quarter in the history of the company as 
against Rs.284 Crores in Q2 FY2021 up by 42% in spite of industry downfall of 3%, which 
is due to increased sales in all the OEMs coupled with excellent growth in aftermarket 
division. 
For H1 the company reported revenue of 663 Crores against the last year of 355 Crores. The 
company reported consolidated EBITDA of Rs.48 Crores in Q2 against Rs. 33 Crores in Q2 
last year, For H1, EBITDA was Rs. 66 Crores as against Rs. 25 Crores in H1 FY2021. 
EBITDA margins stands at 11.9% for Q2 as against 11.7% for Q2 last year upby 20 bps. 
The impact of increase in raw material prices is competitively lower in the company 
because of aftermarket being a major contributor in sales and also back-to-back settlement 
with one of the major OEM of the company. Profit after tax after minority interest stood at 
Rs.23 Crores in Q2 against 15 Crores in Q2 last year, H1 stood at 27 Crores as against 3 
Crores in H1 in last year. 
The capex incurred during the half year was 20 Crores, which includes Rs.10 Crores on 
account of leasehold asset. For the full year, we have pruned down the capex from an earlier 
figure of 90 Crores to Rs. 65-70 Crores. Now we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Congrats for the strong set of numbers and thanks for taking my question. Sir, what is the 
reason for the sharp jump in the plastic integrated revenue, is it because of the recovery in 
the volume of HMSI or sharp price increase? 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you for the complements, if you look at the plastic business if you are comparing it 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis yearly yes, there is a steep increase, but if you look at it from 
quarter four to quarter two that itself has grown by about 13%, so largely it is on account of 
the volume’s uptake from OEMs mainly Bajaj and HMSI which had led to this growth. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, you have also got in the four-wheeler plastic molded plant, so what is the revenue 
contribution from the four-wheeler side or if you can give colors on the businesses you have 
earned in the four-wheeler segment? 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Vikas Marwah: 
Thank you, Abhishek, this is Vikas Marwah, so for the current quarter the revenue from the 
four-wheeler plastic division is not substantial and we are still in the process of approaching 
the SOP for that for a major OEM now and the results of which will be more visible in the 
coming financial year. But to answer your question, we are still at the range of around Rs.10 
Crores to Rs.12 crores kind of a contribution right now which, we hope to substantially 
improve. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And who are the key clients in the four-wheeler side? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So, on the four-wheeler side for the next year our dependence will be on MSIL which, 
would be giving us Kinematics major part business for which we are approaching the SOP 
Anmol Jain: 
So, on the four-wheeler side we would be saying as a tier 1 for Maruti and then as a tier 2 to 
Hyundai and Kia from the plastic business. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks, Sir. Next question is related with this sheet metal business where we have seen a 
decent growth in the quarter and have you won any new business or is it because of the size 
increase? 
Anmol Jain: 
We have increased our wallet share into the frame business, we have as mentioned earlier 
got the models of KTM now and it is a premium biking, so, we enjoy a better realization per 
vehicle, so both these factors put together a better contribution per vehicle and higher 
volumes because of higher wallet share penetration, this has led to the growth of the 
metallic business on a year-on-year basis and on a quarter basis. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, you have this plastic supply trend to the OEMs and you are also supplying to the 
XUV700? 
Anmol Jain: 
The XUV700 we are supplying with seat frames, but when we talk about the KTM that is 
the entire chassis with the frame assembly, which we are supplying to the KTM and Bajaj 
Auto and other models as well. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, what sort of the revenue are you targeting from the aftermarket, so what is the revenue 
target for the FY2023 or FY2024 for the next two years? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think I have always stated that our endeavor and I have mentioned this last year that our 
endeavor is to double the aftermarket revenues in the 3-to-4-year horizon and I think we are 
pretty much on track to deliver the same. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Abhishek Jain: 
And most of the products you added in after market that is related vis-à-vis lighting part of 
this? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well lighting contributes only close to about 60% to 70% of the total aftermarket revenue, 
apart from lighting we are also established presence in several different categories of 
product. So the growth in the aftermarket will not just come from lighting, but also from the 
expansion of the product range and other products where we do envisage to penetrate the 
market further and get a better pie of the market. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And as you mentioned about the gear shift that you have started export to a few OEMs, so 
what is the quantum and what is the opportunity size there? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So, in gear shifter, Mr. Abhishek, as you are aware our joint venture collaboration is with 
Mannoh Corporation of Japan and of course we have some market limitations in terms of 
exporting, but we are happy to share that the Lumax Mannoh core designed and 
manufactured products in India from Atmanirbhar scheme ideology. We have been able to 
now export our first shipment out to Asian country for Honda facilities there and already 
this shipment has started in the month of October for full next year. We are hoping for 
revenue contribution of close to Rs.5 Crores to Rs.7 crores from there, only in one model 
and going ahead, we are working closely with our joint venture partners to roll out more 
such gear shifter products to the Asian country.  
Anmol Jain: 
I think this is the first step towards this much bigger strategy of expanding our export 
footprint so this is more like a pilot project so to speak and I am sure once successfully 
delivered it would open other doors with other customers as well. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, my last question is related to margin side, we have seen a very strong margin in this 
quarter is this because of operating leverage benefit or is there any one off in this quarter? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, there is no one-off in the current quarter, the margins which you see in the current 
quarter, which are close to 12% at an EBITDA level, they are purely because of better 
revenue realization during the quarter and also in the last six months the management team 
has done significant number of efforts in trolling down the fixed costs and thereby bring the 
breakeven points lower than where they were last year. So, this is a combination of that and 
going forward I do expect that the margins at least on a sequential quarter basis should be 
maintained at upwards of 11%. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Sir. That is all from my side. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, when we try to plot the vehicle growth which would have been there in the system or in 
the industry vis-à-vis our revenue growth there is a much larger deviation end on a positive 
side so any incremental customer win or business win that we would have for the deviation 
in the revenue growth vis-à-vis the vehicle growth if you could highlight that or is it that 
because of the aftermarket that we are seeing this slight deviation in the revenue growth 
line? 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you for that question, so number one our top 7 customer ranking on if I were to 
compare 6 months of the current year versus the 6 months of the last year has not really 
changed. However, you are absolutely right in your observation that our growth pattern is 
way higher than what the industry or even the segment have grown and it is a combination 
of multiple things. I think we have launched certain new products which have really taken 
off in the last six months of the current fiscal, also as I mentioned we have expanded our 
wallet share with respect to some of our product lines in multiple customers and if I were to 
give you a sense that on a quarter-on-quarter basis also, if you look at our growth with 
HMSI or even Bajaj for that matter it would be significantly higher than their own growth 
or degrowth rate. So, we have definitely fed better as a combination of new product 
introduction as well as expanding our wallet share with the current product line, this has 
been primarily the two factors. Aftermarket obviously if you look at 6 months to 6 month 
there has been a significant growth of almost more than 80%, but as I mentioned before if 
you were to look at aftermarket comparing quarter four of FY2021, which was the peak 
quarter and comparing that to Q2 of FY2022, we would be at a similar level. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, I hope this is not one-off I just wanted to reconfirm that it is not one-offs that we are 
seeing in revenue growth line and deviation from the industry line and if you have to give 
us some idea on what kind of revenue growth for the full year you would do would be really 
helpful? 
Anmol Jain: 
There is no one-off item, these businesses which has been either resourced or awarded to us 
are long-term businesses. They are not in any way short-term in nature, in terms of the 
revenue outlook I expect a similar momentum of the industry and the segment which, I 
anticipate. And I am seeing the OEM traction on the volumes have again started to give a 
similar feeling and if the similar momentum were to continue, I would say on a full year 
basis the company should deliver anywhere about 20% upwards of top line growth. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And any other incremental business wins that we would like to highlight if any larger 
business wins if any which are supposed to fructify in terms of execution for FY2023? 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, I am happy to share that in the H1 of the current fiscal this company had won almost 
440 Crores of new order book out of which, almost about 330 Crores was new order and 
only about a 110 Crores was the replacement business. And out of this 440 Crores we 
expect maybe about 30% to 35% should actually kick in FY2022 itself, but the peak 
revenue of this order book will actually come in FY2023 and some in FY2024. So, we have 
a healthy order book of 440 Crores if you look at my annual revenue that is almost close to 
more than 30% of my annual revenue. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This 440 is annualized revenue number right, it is not a lifetime because some companies 
tend to also give a lifetime increases? 
Anmol Jain: 
These are annualized revenues, lifetime would be way more because of the life of the 
product or life of the model, but these are annualized revenues. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you very much and all the best to you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nisha Desai from Raga Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nisha Desai: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Sir, I have a couple of questions. My first question is where do we 
stand in terms of the PLI benefit for our product, are the talks basically at a macro level in 
the industry or do we see some visibility at a company level? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I can take that question, Deepak Jain, here. I think PLI components lists have been 
notified. I am happy to say that the majority of the components, which have been done in 
Lumax Auto Technologies are part of the PLI scheme, this is for example, the telematics, 
could also be on sensors, could be on also urea tanks. So, we are actually right now 
evaluating the businesses in terms of which entities would need to do on the PLI, we have 
60 days to apply from November 10th, 2021, so we are in the process, obviously it will 
depend not just on the application in terms of qualification, but what the business plans 
would entail because PLI means that you also need to make some commitment on growth. 
So, we are basically evaluating that probably in the next 30 to 45 days we would be in a 
better situation which business plan perspective can get the PLI. Just a disclaimer that most 
of our business plans do not factor in any of these government incentives I think we are 
pretty much focused on what as far as the customer and market opportunities and we 
continue to look at that, if PLI comes that would be something additional. 
Nisha Desai: 
Sir, this was helpful. My other question is since we have a very good technological 
advantage from our JV partner, so what are the plans to cover export market and I mean 
how much advantage do we have as compared to our peers due to the JV support? 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Deepak Jain: 
Well, I think from the export strategy perspective first and foremost our intent and our 
priority is the Indian market because JV whatever be accommodated is for the markets 
which are for India. There is also a difference between how Japanese JVs work and mostly 
the European JVs work we are in deliberations on the exports package for two of our JV 
partners who is sourcing opportunities from India, but that is not an immediate opportunity 
that would still take about 2 to 3 years to fructify. 
Nisha Desai: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, going forward the mix of two-wheelers and 
four-wheelers how do you see this mix happening because we are highly concentrated on 
the two-wheeler side, can you throw some light on how are we diversifying into four-
wheeler CV’s kind of thing or on the tractor side any sense on that? 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Apurva. I think first and foremost the two-wheeler and three-wheeler 
segment contributes close to about 47% of our revenues for H1 and if I see this number over 
the last two years it has significantly come down strategically these tend to grow the other 
segments more. I think today it is at 20% of the consolidated revenues and going forward I 
think the endeavor as we move forward into deeper entrenchment of plastics and electronics 
and one of the recent joint venture announcements a lot of it would find traction in the four-
wheeler space, so we do expect that going forward the growth of passenger cars as well as 
commercial vehicles should be also significantly higher than the two-wheeler growth. I am 
talking about overall as a percentage contribution to the revenue, not particularly in terms of 
the revenue growth. So, but clearly, we would like the two-wheeler business to be 
somewhere around 40% mark give or take, and we are already at 47% so I think we are 
heading in the right direction. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Great and on the aftermarket side, now 80 Crores will be our benchmark can you consider 
that as the base for aftermarket? 
Anmol Jain: 
When you say 80 Crores are you talking about for the quarter? 
Apurva Mehta: 
Yes, for the quarter. 
Anmol Jain: 
So, I think we have definitely moved upwards from a much lower base, but on an 
annualized basis I think yes, approximately close to 300 odd Crores is something which I 
would say is at safe bet. So maybe about 75 Crores to 80 Crores per quarter is something 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 18 
which should be definitely sustainable going forward and then again unless and until the 
new product introduction happens into the market that would then significantly add to the 
growth going forward perhaps in FY2023. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sir, what kind the growth do we expect in aftermarket in FY2023 if everything goes well 
and there is no disruption so what kind of growth can we see in aftermarket? 
Anmol Jain: 
I would say that the growth in after market has been historically much beyond the industry 
growth and I think the similar guidance would continue, I think we need to look at 
aftermarket in a more holistic manner over the next 3 to 4 years and as I said if after market 
has to double its revenues in the next 3-to-4-year cycle then we should expect at least give 
or take 20% growth on an annualized basis, which would be definitely more than the 
industry growth. 
Apurva Mehta: 
I want to know about the new JV, can you throw some light on our growth path and what 
are the products we are aiming to introduce and is it for aftermarket only or we will be 
supplying to OE’s? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So, Mr. Mehta, thank you for your question. This is Vikas Marwah, the new joint venture 
that we have signed as announced is with Alps Alpine Corporation of Japan, it’s an $8 
billion conglomerate in to automotive segment components added to a lot of other related 
electronic fields including telecommunications sector, but of course our JVs will be 
focusing only on the automotive component. Very happy to share with you, now this is one 
joint venture which already has its feet on the ground and they already are tier 1 suppliers to 
the Maruti Suzuki, the biggest four-wheeler manufacturers in the country for power window 
switch. What the Lumax alliance on this joint venture would do is that we introduce new 
products in terms of localization and the products which are required there in the country, 
but currently are not supplied by Alps, which are contact coil or clock spring and other 
regulatory driven products for the market. As per the government regulation it is the 
mechatronic device for the deployment of gear as we know, which is going to be a 
mandatory requirement, we are also going to be launching steering angle sensor, which is 
again the government regulation driven product and for the first time it will be localized in 
India with Alps by Lumax. Then besides this we are looking at engine start stop switch and 
a whole lot of other new products. This JV is for the OEMs, it is not directed towards the 
aftermarket right now and for this joint venture we also have a very robust portfolio of two-
wheeler products. So, when the question comes in terms of how do you want to reduce the 
dependence on two-wheelers, we do not want to disappoint you, but we definitely want to 
be encouraging, the sensor business and the electronic products business on two-wheelers 
because this joint venture will be introducing throttle position sensor in localized version, 
size plus sensor there and a whole lot of new sensors, which are required in terms of the 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 18 
government regulation. So very excited with this joint venture and we get into commercial 
production in this joint venture in Q3 of the current financial year.  
Apurva Mehta: 
Great to hear that and it will be also for the EV scooters and two-wheeler as well? 
Vikas Marwah: 
Yes, so almost 90% of the products are EV agnostic and irrespective of being ICE engine or 
EV power trend these products are sustainable for a long-term future. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And on the EV side are we looking for any other JVs because EV is the sector, which is 
moving very fast, are we looking at any JVs on the EV side? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, currently we have already made some headway in terms of our existing basket of 
products towards the EV space, going forward in the next 3 to 4 years I expect that maybe 
about close to 3% to 5% of the revenues should come from EV space as well. This is a 
combination of again some of our existing products, which would be applicable to the EV. 
As well as some of the new products and the new partnerships, which we would be kind of 
directing towards the EV segment. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And the last question, next year what kind of growth are we seeing because we will be 
having urea tank, this new order book will be there and this new JV also will be starting to 
contribute, so what kind of growth we should envisage for the next year? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think it is too premature to give a FY2023 guidance, as I mentioned earlier in FY2022 for 
the full year we should expect a 20% growth over the last year because of whatever I had 
mentioned earlier and yes, there should be additional revenues looking at our order book 
which I mentioned of 440 Crores with some part will come in FY2023 as well so all those 
put together. I can only say that I think historically the company has delivered a better 
performance on the top line vis-à-vis the industry growth and I think the similar guidance 
would continue for FY2023 as well. 
Apurva Mehta: 
But second half should be much better than the first half that is because at this current run 
rate and also if we look in the second half, we should be close to 800 Crores plus turnover 
so will take us to around 1400 to 1500 crore for the whole year, so 20% do you feel it is too 
low or we are missing something? 
Anmol Jain: 
No, not missing something I am saying at 20% it is definitely on the card and it could be 
even higher, but again I think what this volatile environment has taught us is that you know 
we could never be sure about 6 months out so we are just being cautiously optimistic. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Thanks a lot, and wish you all the best. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Good afternoon, Sir and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is pertaining to the 
product category side, so which are the product that you feel will have a better growth 
opportunity in coming 2 to 3 years? 
Anmol Jain: 
Directionally speaking we have always maintained that strategically the company will focus 
on growing the electronics business, the plastics business, the mechatronic business and the 
aftermarket business, I think these are the four key growth drivers in terms of the domains 
for the company and if you look at whatever products we are making in all they would 
factor into pretty much these four categories. There is solid focus on the connected in 
electrification like a case there are also on the advanced technology through the PLI scheme 
and you had heard earlier many of our products are directly a part of the PLI scheme. And 
again, there is also a focus on EV adapting on the two-wheeler and the three-wheeler 
technologies. So I think multiple actions are being taken to grow these domain, so it would 
be very difficult for me to say that there is one particular product or a segment which will 
do better than the other, I think we are focusing  on all of them put together and as the 
regulatory framework also changes be on an account of sensors or even in the past when 
you saw the urea tank and I am happy to say that you know there is a deeper engagement 
now on plastic aspect toward the fuel tank for commercial vehicles. So, I think on all 
aspects we would be driving growth. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir, what will be the product mix change down the line on the currently which we have? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think it will be very difficult for me to give you one particular product wise segmentation, 
but I think electronics will grow much faster than any other product segment and probably 
followed by plastics. These would be the two key growth drivers in the OEM space and of 
course after market as I mentioned will continue to hold on growth curve. 
Dhiral Shah: 
So, when you say electronic does it includes shifter as well as emission? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, the shifter is a part of the mechatronics when I talk about electronics, I mean the sensors 
and also the telematics products which form the electronics of the vehicle. 
Dhiral Shah: 
So, what is the current contribution? 
Anmol Jain: 
Current would be negligible, but I thought you were talking about growth drivers from the 
future perspective so, I was just telling you that even the recent joint venture with Alps 
Alpine would be coming under the electronic domain. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Dhiral Shah: 
Sir, from the existing capacity which we have currently what would be the peak revenue we 
can generate? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think the highest revenue in the quarter is the Q2, I had about 400 Crores, so I would say 
that again the capacities would hugely differ, product to product and division to division. 
Something like an oxygen sensor, I am sitting on an extremely ideal capacity, so it would be 
a little inappropriate to give you a generic capacity utilization for the company. Again, 
aftermarket is very difficult to tell you what is the capacity utilization really. But I would 
say safely close to about that is anywhere between 1600 Crores to 1800 would be a 
reasonable number to give you an annual revenue outlook with no significant investment 
towards new capacity. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And Sir, what would be the capex requirement for FY2022 and FY2023? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, I think Mr. Mehta has already mentioned in his opening remarks that the capex for 
FY2022 has been pruned down from earlier guidance of around 90 Crores to now at about 
65 Crores to 70 Crores. And for FY2023, we do not have a direction yet but I would say it 
would probably be around the same as the original guidance of FY2022 close to around 90 
Crores or so. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And Sir, lastly, the new order which we have of 440 Crores if you can share you know this 
is for which product basically? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, out of the 440 Crores order book I would say  that almost close to 160 Crores would be 
on the gear shifter system, almost close to 80 Crores would be the plastics business for both 
two and four-wheelers, actually about 100 Crores would be on the metallic including the 
chassis and seat frames business, almost close to about another 40 Crores odd would be on 
lightning as well as on the emission systems and about another 15 Crores to 20 Crores 
would be on the recent JVs like YOKOWO and JOPP so it’s a mixed bag. So, all put 
together this could be the key contributors of that order book. 
Dhiral Shah: 
And Sir, just one last question regarding our EBITDA margin as you said we will try to 
achieve the 11% kind of a margin, is this the sustainable run rate going ahead   because 
historically we have delivered between 8% to 9% maybe around 9% range? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think I have always given that guidance that over the next few years our goal and target is 
to move towards the teen EBITDA, 13% and upwards. You are absolutely right I think at 
least few years ago our EBITDA margins did stand at close to about 8% to 9%, but I think 
right from FY2018-2019 we have been in the double digits space, only FY2020 was a slight 
drop again where we pulled back to about 9.5% so I think we have sustained for 3 years 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 18 
rather at 10% mark and I think now from a quarter perspective we should also be able to 
sustain upwards of 11% going forward. 
Dhiral Shah: 
That is interesting, thank you so much, Sir. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Shah from Ace Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Shah: 
Thank you for taking my question, Sir. Sir, I have two questions, one would be that what is 
the value of new product launches during the quarter in terms of number of units and in 
monetary terms and the next on the peak revenue cycle normally once the new product is 
launched? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, for the quarter the revenue from new products of the order book would be close to 
around 50 Crores to 60 Crores and what was the second part of the question, what is the life 
cycle of product? 
Amit Shah: 
Yes, Sir, peak revenue cycle once the new product is launched. 
Anmol Jain: 
Peak revenue would ideally come in year two and if the model is a success, it would also go 
forward to year three and again it differs from product to product, some products are carried 
over products and some products are completely specific to a new model. But I would say 
in general if I were to give you a guidance, I think year 2 to year 3 would be the peak 
revenue on a model life cycle of about 5 to 6 years. And as I mentioned earlier out of the 
440 Crores of new order book peak revenue out of this would come in actually at FY2023 
and some part of FY2024. 
Amit Shah: 
Sir, lastly regarding Lumax Mannoh Allied Technologies Exports, how is the margin profile 
and who are the global customers? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So, as mentioned the global customers for this is Honda car, which is a global account for 
our  joint venture partner Mannoh, the margins I would say are about 20% better than that 
for the Indian market because of the value addition being  higher  there and what is more 
heartening is that the quality of the India made  product at the local facility here has been 
accepted in the first slot itself by Honda which is a very, very demanding Japanese customer 
and they have agreed to expand the exports portfolio to  other countries. We have started 
with one country and total there are four countries on the radar depending on the speed with 
which we can expand. 
Amit Shah: 
Thank you, Sir. 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Kothari from Progwell Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Kothari: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Sir, I just have one query, how much of a portfolio is 
getting response from the EV side? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So, of course while EV is a much-discussed subject for the coming years, currently if you 
see even from the mass production side of two-wheelers, there is not much of EV 
population that is on rode either from Bajaj or from Hero or from the other manufacturers, 
we are not currently making only EV critical product that is something that is still on the 
white board right now as we are drawing out the future plans. We have currently diagnosed 
the existing Lumax Auto technologies product portfolio in terms of a risk factors and what 
are the necessary actions that we need to take both for the two-wheeler products and for the 
four-wheeler in the coming years. We feel that it is only around FY2025 that we will see 
some amount of significant shift even from the mature OEMs towards the EV portfolio and 
from the four-wheeler OEMs the strategies are yet to be completely announced, and also 
happy to state that you know our technology intensive products like gear shifters, the 
automatic gear shifters have got almost 100% share of business on the EV vehicles that are 
currently rolling out from the Indian OEMs. So, we are watching that market very, very 
carefully and as the market developments happen, we will keep you apprised. 
Atul Kothari: 
Sure, Sir, but are you having any order in hand currently for the EV vertical? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So, the order in hand of course as I mentioned are for the EV models of gear shifter that has 
been rolled out by Tata and Mahindra so the gear shifters of EV are going from Lumax 
Mannoh. We also have some orders in hand for out telematic business and also, we will be 
supplying in future our metallic frames to Bajaj for their EV vehicle from our new Chakan 
plant that is currently under commissioning in Pune. 
Atul Kothari: 
Sir, that was helpful. That is all from my end, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Recently an article that Lumax group is going to invest 450 Crores for the year 2022-2023, 
so is that we are investing or this is for a long-term kind of thing? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, this is again from the group’s perspective, as company and again this is more from a 
long-term perspective that looking at the opportunities which are there for the group to grow 
forward, we would be parking this capex on multiple buckets in terms of new joint ventures, 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 18 
in terms of also capacity and capability building as Brownfield investments and also 
towards the Greenfield projects on let us say electrification and others. So, it would be a 
combination of two, but it is more of a direction for the mid to long term. 
Apurva Mehta: 
So, typically this would be around for 2-3 years kind of horizon or more? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, probably it is close to around 3 years horizon and it is again put together for both the 
listed entities of the group - Lumax Industries and Technologies. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And typically, when we are investing lot on the electronic side, what kind of asset turnover 
can you see on the electronic side? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, it really depends on let us say the asset turnover for Lumax Auto Technologies as a 
whole is at about 2.1:1 and I think our endeavor is that you know and again when I say 
electronics it is a combination of multiple thing something like telematics would have a 
very different asset   turnover ratio vis-à-vis something light an oxygen sensor vis-à-vis a 
Lumax Alps Alpine product line. But I think definitely the realization would be more 
because the value addition in these components is higher, so I would say that the growth 
levels could be higher and hence the investment to asset turnover should also become better 
than what the company is having today. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And on this oxygen sensors are we negotiating for any orders or we having some kind of 
order book for next year? 
Anmol Jain: 
So, we are still in talks with multiple OEMs, we have already started gaining revenues with 
one OEM right now, however, it is a very small beginning, but as you may have already 
heard that there is already now a notification on the OBD2 coming from FY2023 onwards, 
with which it will be mandated for two oxygen sensors per vehicle so there has been a 
renewed interest from a lot of the big OEMs and we are currently engaged with their 
engineering and strategic teams and we are looking at possibly at least engage in dialogue 
of an order book of perhaps coming to almost 3 million sensors a year. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Thanks, a lot and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions in the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Anmol Jain for closing comments. 
Anmol Jain: 
I would like to thank you all for joining into the call. I really hope that we were able to 
answer all your questions. If there are any further queries you may please get in touch with 

 
 
 
Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
November 16, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 18 
us or SGA, we will be happy to address all your queries. Thank you and stay safe and 
healthy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
