Minda Industries Ltd. 
• [MINDA]
Ref. No. Z-IV/R-39/D-2/NSE/207 & 174 
Date : 18/12/2021 
THINK. INSPIRE. FLOURISH 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
BSE Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
NSE Scrip: MINDAIND 
BSE Scrip: 532539 
Sub: - Filing of Transcript regarding Business Update Call held on 13 December, 2021 
Dear Sirs, 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are pleased to enclose copy of the 
transcript of Business Update Call of the Company held on 13 December, 2021. 
The copy of the aforesaid transcript of the Business Update Call is also available on the 
website of the company www.unominda.com 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For MINDA INDUSTRIES LTD. 
{) \_  Q) ro v--Q____
Tarun Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above. 
MINDA INDUSTRIES LTD. (Corporate) Village Nawada Fatehpur, P.O. Sikanderpur Bodda, Manesar, Distt. Gurgaon, -
Haryana - 122004, INDIA. T: +91 124 2290427/2B, 2290693/94/96 Fax: +91 124 2290676/95, Email - info@mindagroup.com, 
www.unominda.com, Regd. Office : B-64/1, Wazirpur Industrial Area, Delhi-110052, CIN : L7 4899DL l 992PLC050333 

UNO [MINDA] 
"Business Update Call of Minda Industries Limited" 
December 13, 2021 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included/ omitted due to 
human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the 
company hy the reader. 
UJlt•J( MINDA) 
L 
' • 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
SUNIL BOHRA -
GROUP 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - MINDA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR MODI - HEAD OF TREASURY & INVESTOR 
RELATIONS - MINDA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page 1 of23 

k!lOt•)( MINDA] 
Moderator: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Business Update Call of Minda 
Industries Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involved 
risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing "*" then "O" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Si.mil Bohra, Group 
CFO, UNO Minda Group. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Thank you very much. Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants. 
I hope you and your near and dear ones are all keeping safe and healthy. On this special call 
today, I am joined by my colleague, Mr. Ankur Modi. We hope you have had a chance to 
look at our presentation which is uploaded on Stock Exchange as well as the company 
website. I will briefly speak about our recent announcements on Joint Venture with 
FRIWO, technical license agreement with Dhama Innovations, and alloy wheel expansion 
following which we will be happy to respond to your queries. 
As you all know the automotive industry is changing at a fast pace, driven by the 
accelerated rise of technologies, sustainability, and changing consumer preferences. These 
forces are giving rise to disruptive technology-driven trends in the automotive sector 
popularly known as PACE which is personalized mobility, autonomous driving, connected 
and electrification. Amongst these trends, whilst internal combustion engines continue to 
lead and is expected so, in the medium term, the electrification has now accelerated 
transforming the mobility industry and present significant opportunities to the entire 
mobility ecosystem. The Indian markets promise high growth rates for EV which is 
facilitated by government initiatives such as FAME II scheme and realize that offers 
incentives which are expected to bring down the total cost of ownership. 
As you know a large part of our portfolio is agnostic to the shift we all are witnessing. It 
presented us with an opportunity to significantly improve our product offerings and hence 
the kit value. We at UNO Minda have been in forefront of capturing electrification trends in 
the automotive industry and have built an EV-specific product portfolio. We are delighted 
to inform you that we are further strengthening our EV product portfolio by entering a joint 
venture with FRI WO, a leading international manufacturer of innovative power supply units 
and e-drive solutions. 
Before I proceed with sharing details on this JV let me tell you more about our JV partners 
FRIWO. You may refer to slide five. FRIWO founded in 1971 in Ostbevern, Germany, has 
half a century of innovative strength coupled with German engineering expertise. FRIWO 
Page 2 of23 

UJOt•)[ MINDA] 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
has been developing and producing digitally controllable power supply units and drive 
solutions ever since. FRIWO's product portfolio includes smart components for electric 
drives as well as premium technological chargers, battery packs, power packs, and LED 
drivers. FRIWO's products cover a whole host of applications. Their knowledge in the field 
of charging technology is particularly appreciated by those in the demanding markets of 
electric mobility among other areas. 
With modern development centers, manufacturing facilities and sales locations in Europe, 
Asia, and US, FRIWO is present in all of the world's key markets. FRIWO has sales of 
around €100 million with 20% revenues from the e-mobility. FRIWO AG is listed on 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange with a market cap of approximately €270 million. 
Now moving to the transaction, you may refer to slide 7, Minda Industries Limited has 
entered into a JV with FRIWO to combine their manufacturing prowess and technical 
expertise to manufacture and supply various electric vehicle components for the two and 
three-wheelers in the Indian subcontinent. Minda Industries Limited will hold a majority 
stake of 50.1 % in this JV entity. 
As you can see on slide 8, FRIWO brings in product technologies of BMS, on board and 
off-board chargers, motor controllers, and battery packs to the joint venture. FRIWO has 
already been supplying these products in European markets. They have anchor customers 
for BMS and off-board chargers in the Indian market as well. Some of these products needs 
to be adapted for the Indian automotive market to match specifications. UNO Minda will 
also transfer its existing business and orders for its EV products in the JV entities, as a 
result, the combined entity will be able to offer full-line e-drive solutions for the Indian 
market combining extremely robust hardware and outstanding software architecture. 
Additionally, the JV entity also plans to enter into a contract manufacturing agreement with 
FRIWO to manufacture the agreed products not only for Indian markets but for ASEAN, 
and Europe markets as well. The company expects a surge in two-wheel electric vehicles 
over the next five to six years in India. The JV plans to incur a capex of approximately Rs. 
390 Cr over a period of the next six years to support such growth in India. The outlay in the 
initial two years would be around Rs.160 Crores. Minda Industries Limited plans to invest 
Rs.71 Crores in one or more tranches as an equity investment to partly fund expenditure 
with an approximate equivalent amount from FRIWO as its share of the equity. The 
remaining funding requirement will be met through a mix of internal accruals and debt. 
The board has also approved an investment of €15 million in 
FRIWO AG, a primary issuance in order to strengthen the industrial partnership between 
the two groups. The planned transaction and capital measures are subject to regulatory 
approvals including RBI. 
Page 3 of23 

UJOt•)( MINDA
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Moving to the transactional rationale, you can refer to slide 9. The JV will help the 
company to further strengthen its EV portfolio and accelerate development. It will fasten 
time to market and manufacturing of various EV components in India to fulfill increasing 
client requirements and to offer high-quality customized key solutions at record speed. 
As you can see in slide IO depicting our EV product portfolio, we have added battery packs, 
whereas the motor controller will move from under study to under development. 
Add1tional products brought in the JOmt venture will take six to 
nine months to move into production as they need to be adapted for Indian markets. The 
status of other EV products remains the same as was communicated in our last earnings call 
in November 2021. 
The potential kit value of traditional products would be around Rs. 28,000 making the 
overall potential kit value of our EV products to be at around Rs. 56,000. Potential kit value 
here is derived basis considering that if all EV components manufactured by us are applied 
to an EV two-wheeler. The kit value will differ on case-to-case basis depending on the 
features and model of the two-wheeler as well as penetration of specific products. 
We can move to our next update relating to TLA. We have been working on various fronts 
to further grow our seating business post-acquisition from the merger of Harita which 
included adding new customers, developing products like suspended seats as well as 
growing export sales. We have also been looking at newer technologies in seating to 
improve the comfort and safety of drivers. 
We came across one such opportunity with Dhama Innovations. Dhama Innovations is a 
pioneer in developing temperature controlled solutions designed to address the problems of 
thermal stress. Dhama has numerous patents granted globally for its temperature controlled 
solution and has built range of products for sports, automotive, human healthcare, industrial 
and defense industries. The company has entered into a TLA with Dhama Innovations for 
its temperature-controlled automotive seats. Under this agreement, Dhama and the company 
will launch a series of seating and cooling seats for the automobile industry. While Dhama 
will leverage its globally patented ClimaCon Technology, UNO Minda will leverage its 
recently acquired seating business, strong OEM relationship and aftermarket reach to 
maximize the benefit from this agreement. This technology is targeted towards improving 
driver and passenger comfort. improve mental alertness while driving and improve driver 
health. We are positively engaged with seating OEMs for the supply of such temperature­
controlled automotive seats. 
Moving to slide 15 and 16 relating to the expansion of our alloy wheel business. The board 
of the company has approved the expansion plans in its alloy wheel business both in two­
wheel as well as in four-wheel business considering the increased demand. The company 
will be expanding its two-wheeler alloy wheel capacity by approximately 2 million wheels 
Page 4 of23 

UJOt•)[ MINDA] 
Moderator: 
RonakSarda: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
per annum at its existing Supa plant in Maharashtra. The current expansion is part of the 
two-phased expansion planned by the company at the time of the foraying into the two­
wheeler alloy wheel business. The current capacities are now already booked with 
incremental demand coming from leading OEMs requiring company to further expand its 
capacities. The total 2W Alloy Wheel capacity of UNO Minda Group shall be around 5.6 to 
6 million units per annum after completion of this expansion. The capital expenditures for 
the aforesaid capacity expansion will be around Rs.190 Crores. The expanded facilities are 
expected to commence operations by quarter ending Murch 2023. 
Moving to our capacity addition in four-wheel alloy business. MKA, one of the key 
subsidiaries of Minda Industries will also be expanding its four-wheel alloy wheel capacity 
by 30,000 wheels per month at its plant in Gujarat to cater to the increased demand from 
leading OEMs. This is in addition to the ongoing capex of 60,000 wheels a month at the 
Bawa) plant. The overall four-wheel alloy wheel capacity of Minda Kosei post the various 
debottlenecking projects which have been undergoing and this expansion shall be around 
325,000 wheels per month after this enhancement. 
The additional capital expenditure from the aforesaid capacity expansion will be around 
Rs.74 Crores. The expanded facilities are expected to commence operations by the quarter 
ending June 2023. Alloy wheels continue to be an attractive space owing to opportunities in 
form of import substitution and low penetration providing ample opportunities for growth. 
Thanks for your patient listening. We now open the floor for questions. 
Thank you very much, Mr. Bohra. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. The first question is from the line of Ronak Sarda from Systematix. 
Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on this transaction. Sir a couple of questions 
first, can you indicate what kind of order wins does FRIWO have in India which moves into 
the JV so first is that and I mean JV will start operations immediately, or do you see some 
you know development time further required for the products which will be there in JV? 
Two questions, Ronak. I will respond to both of them one by one. There are a couple of 
businesses that FRIWO has secured as I said. Both of them will be moved to this JV and it 
will take some time because we will need to set up the manufacturing facilities. We will see 
whatever possible to do from our controller division as we have been saying in past but with 
these kind of capacities we will need to set up a new plant, I think this was the question 
which we have also been getting in the past couple of calls as to what investments we will 
need so definitely we will need a new plant and we are considering a location around in 
north, so this will have around I 2 to 18 months of timeframe to sort of have this facility up 
and running. 
Page 5 of23 

·I
1l)Ot•)[ MINDA] 
Ronak Sarda: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ronak Sarda: 
Sunil Bohra: 
RonakSarda: 
Sunil Bohra: 
RonakSarda: 
Moderator: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
But any details on the order wins, I mean which component is it, how big it could be, 
anything which you can share? 
It is very difficult to share in terms of the quantum because it is linked to the volumes but in 
terms of business I think we have mentioned there are two products which we'll have, they 
have got business for BMS and offboard chargers already from a couple ofOEMs in India. 
The other question is on the contract manufacturing agreement one, is it already signed or 
and second how does then the Vietnam plant of FRIWO and the Indian JV will work 
together I mean is that a huge capacity and will clash with the JV? 
So actually they have been getting good business traction and they wanted to expand their 
manufacturing capacities. They were evaluating to put a plant in the country so I think we 
saw that opportunity and we said why have separate plants when we can put up this new 
plant, we can have this also as a contract manufacturing in India so which has a potential of 
almost like Rs. 250-300 Crores for peak revenue, so Vietnam will continue and India will 
be additional. 
The final question we also have minority stake taking around 5% to 6% in FRIWO, 
Germany any rationale behind this because I mean it is almost like an Rs.130 Crore 
outflow, especially at a time when you know the Indians were seeing a very substantial 
order wins and CAPEX requirements? 
Very right question Ronak. In fact, this investment is what also we have done after a 
deliberate and very in-depth due-diligence which we have done. So there are two-three 
things - one is when we are doing this investment definitely you will appreciate this being a 
listed entity the prices are available at a primary market issuance so there is always a 
reference price and whatever other local Germany laws, we are following those laws and 
what are the most possible price we are investing at that whatever formula we have in India 
as per SEBI, there is also equivalent formula in Germany for the previous x base average 
minus x percent discount. So we have followed that route. Number two we have no 
obligation whatsoever to keep this investment forever. At whatever opportune time 
whenever Minda sees there is a profit on the table it can definitely exit and number three 
what it does which is the bigger objective it was not your equity investment, the bigger 
objective is that we believe that with this investment we will have some insight into 
FRIWO also have some say there and it will strengthen the partnership between the two 
groups. So I think that was the bigger objective. 
Perfect. Thank you and all the very best. Thanks for that. 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Shyam Sundar Sriram from Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Page 6 of23 

IIJOt•l[ MINDA] 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is we have shown battery 
packs as one component within the product space since many OEMs specifically in the 
high-performance category seem to want to keep this in-house is there a right to win here in 
the battery pack that can be and the other question is in the second quarter presentation 
related to the production we have shown motor and motor controller as under study 
products and this FRIWO acquisition will this JV also assemble motors per se and one last 
question from capability perspective does FRIWO have any capabilities on the passenger 
vehicle side because their website mostly talks about two-wheeler powertrains, two-wheeler 
products, do they have any capabilities on the passenger vehicle side as well? 
Shyam, I think you have asked four questions. So let me go one by one. The first is in terms 
of a battery pack and what is the strategy. I think we have been sort of getting this question 
even for the BMS perspective which is the heart of the vehicle so as we have been seeing 
and observing and I think I also mentioned during my opening remarks on kit values as to 
how it will impact - different OEMs have different strategies, somebody might be doing in­
house somebody has outsourced like the BMS business we have got, FRIWO also has got 
one which clearly means there are customers who believe that outsourcing might be better 
than the in-house same way we believe the market will pan out for battery pack also yes, we 
might see some of the OEMs doing it in-house and there are few customers who are 
actually evaluating it to be outsourced. So it will be a mix and we all have to see how the 
market evolves gradually but definitely, there are people whom we believe that will be able 
to secure business for a battery pack. Then in terms of the motor controller as far as Q2 
presentations we mentioned yes it was under study and as I have mentioned now from 
under study it will go under development because you already have a product. Now with the 
parts of the JV then we do not need to study any further it goes to the next step 
immediately. Then on number three motor, I do not think we have a motor product as a 
product available that is a separate product which is currently not part of JV and the last in 
terms of visibility on PY as I mentioned Shyam, the JV currently is focusing on mostly on 
two wheelers and three-wheeler, definitely, we will have competencies to work on PV but 
that will need to be evaluated, as of now it is not part of the JV. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: 
One last question from the OEM customers that we usually talk to on the two-wheeler side 
have any shown any soft commitments for the products because we are also putting up 
plants and the capacity per se so are there any advanced stage talks that give me the 
confidence to go and put up things like a plant and Greenfield capex if you can just come 
qualitatively so you can give a sense that will be helpful? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Shyam I think at this point also we have been discussing in the past because whatever 
products we say that mostly we do have an anchor customer when it goes to production and 
as you have seen in the last quarter we did mention the five products going into production 
and we will also add a couple of them from FRI WO now so obviously we do have anchor 
customers for most of our products which are part of the EV so it is not that they are under a 
Page 7 of23 

llJOt•)( MINDA] 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
design stage or a study stage so from that perspective we do have customers for most of 
these products which you see on slide no. 8. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: 
So this JV should be seen more of improving our competitive positioning in the 
marketplace similar to how we did with the Delvis in the lighting space is that a fair 
understanding Sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Absolutely, actually what is also happening additionally Shyam that you will note that 
FRIWO was already there in India and already got secured businesses from a couple of 
customers and I am sure you will appreciate that we did had that technology because of 
which they could get the customers in India without any manufacturing base as of now. 
Now once we join hands together with FRIWO and UNO Minda, obviously we both 
combine and our objective is not to make one plus one two, our objective is to make one 
plus one more than whatever we can do so be it in terms of time to develop, time to market 
product costing, competitiveness, there are various things which are at play and which we 
believe that this joint venture partnership will be a win-win for both. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: 
Thank you very much Sir and fall back in the queue and best wishes. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thank you Shyam. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from 
Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Since you talk about FRIWO what are the key 
products for the FRIWO and what kind of market share it has in key markets something just 
understanding what are the major products for them? 
Sunil Bohra: 
If you refer to slide number 8 you can see what all products FRIWO already has so which 
are like BMS, onboard charger, off-board charger, motor components, so these are the 
components from EV perspective which FRIWO already has. Now in terms of market 
share, I think as we all know the market is still evolving and as of now there is no credible 
data for calculating market share so I will maybe refrain myself from commenting on 
market share but I can assure you that going forward with both FRIWO and Minda 
combined whatever OE strategy is in terms of in-source versus outsource I am sure 
whatever is the outsourced part, we should be able to get a lion's share in the medium term. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you. In terms of JV what kind of revenue visibility do we have for the next two years 
and over the medium term as we are setting the plant? 
Sunil Bohra: 
I would not comment next two years because initially obviously a lot of investments will go 
into setting up for plant and as I said it will take something like 18 months to have the plant 
Page 8 of23 

I CJl7
IIJOt•JI MINDA] 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
up and running and all that but from a medium-term perspective we are looking at a revenue 
may be in the range of Rs.1,500-2,000 Crores in around five years or so. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
What are the key products that you will be manufacturing Sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So, all these components, if you refer to slide number 8, in case you have the presentation. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Will we apply for PU option? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Absolutely. This JV will evaluate and consider the PU participation. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
One question on the seating side can you talk about the market potential of the segment and 
what is the revenue visibility for the product also which segments will you cater because I 
think it also caters to the PY segment which we are currently not present. So can you just 
help us with that what kind of market potential is here? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Seating, Mumuksh, we have had a very clear strategy that when we had we acquired Harita 
it was not serving to many PY customers, while they were very strong with CV and off­
road, which they continue to and we have been very successful in getting a lot of export 
revenue business also in the last eight, ten months for seating purposes specifically from 
off-road segments. Now in terms of potential, if you remember I do not know if you can last 
call in April when we had an announcement on the completion of the transaction of Harita, 
we said even though they have done less than Rs.750 Crores in last year, a year before that 
Rs.1050 Crores, so our target was minimum first milestone to cross Rs.1,500 crores of sale 
in 4-5 years and I am pretty confident that we should be able to achieve and even deliver 
better than that based on whatever current visibility we have in terms of the road ahead for 
next four to five years. So we should be able to beat our guidance of doubling the revenue 
and in terms of segment as you asked so they are very, very strong in India with a lion's 
share in CV and off-road segment, in two-wheeler they have been serving only to select 
customers so we have been in discussion to add at least one customer in the next 12 to 18 
months that is what we have promised to sort of work on that aggressively. We are still on 
that and will let you know once we add. In terms of PVs they were doing some work for 
other customers, not directly for OEMs but as a Tier 2, which they continue, so as of now 
there is no direct OE sale to any PY customers. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much Sir. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonal Gupta from L&T Mutual Fund. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Please go ahead. 
Good morning and thanks for taking my question, Mr. Bohra. Sir, so just wanted to 
understand like you have given two CAPEX outlays Rs.160 Crores in the next two years I 
Page 9 of23 

-I
1l)Ot•ll MINDA l 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonal Gupta: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonal Gupta: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonal Gupta: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
believe that is for the current JV plant and then the Rs.390 Crores over the next six years so 
could you just talk a little more as to how do you see this investment? 
What we have done Sona! is that you will appreciate the market is still evolving. The 
market volumes are still growing so we did not want to commit all the capital upfront and 
have all the machinery equipment up and running so we thought it is better that we 
gradually increase the capacities as and when the demand grows. There are a lot of SMT 
lines which you have to put, there are a lot of electronic components so what we have 
planned is that initially obviously we will have the entire land, building, etc. to meet the 
overall objective of five six years but in terms of plant and machinery we will go in a very 
phased and a measured way as and when the demand picks up so you look at market what is 
market showing for 12 months 24 months hence based on whatever commitments from 
customers and we thought it is better to cater the capex because normally whenever you do 
a capital announcement or like even if we have, you see the two wheeler line we have 
Rs.190 Crores investment so you have to first invest Rs.190 Crores fully before we get Re. I 
of revenue unlike in here where you would have the flexibility to do capex in a measured 
and a standard way which you do not have that luxury in say for alloy wheel example which 
I gave so that is the big difference you have in the business we are talking about and that is 
why we have we have actually spread the capex. And the whole reason we have pulling that 
upfront because otherwise what will happen is you will think that we are increasing 
sustaining capex every year of Rs.40 Crores, Rs.50 Crores which is not the right way 
actually we will be investing that kind of way to consistently, increasing our capacities. So 
that is why we thought it is better to give a full picture of six years capex rather than 
limiting it to two years. 
Got it and so when you mentioned that potential plant, potential revenues of Rs.250 Crores 
to Rs.300 Crores that is on the Rs.160 Crores of investment? 
No that was only on the contract manufacturing. That was a question specifically on 
contract manufacturing. 
Okay so this does not include any India-driven revenues? 
No. So overall from this Rs.390 odd Crores of investment our internal target over the next 
sixth year or the sixth year of revenue is more than Rs.1500 Crores worth of revenue, but 
obviously, now it depends on the vehicle volume. The volumes outpace our assumptions 
then it can be even more or vice versa. 
Rs.250 Crores to Rs.300 Crores is the potential exports for FRIWO that you see essentially 
and when you are saying Rs.1,500 Crores on an annual basis right potentially that six years 
time? 
Page 10 of23 

 
IIJl(el( MINDA] 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonat Gupta: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonat Gupta: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonat Gupta: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonat Gupta: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sonat Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Yes you are right. 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Just in terms of the overall CAP EX for this year and your investments now how do you see 
that and I mean would you see any need to I mean this will be more funded by debt or how 
do you see that? 
No. I think we should be able to comfortably have all these capex whatever we have 
announced funded through a mix of debt and internal accruals. I think fortunately things are 
a little stable we all know that there is a challenge from the semiconductor aspect, in terms 
of volume, etc., but I think God has been kind and nothing to complain so we should be 
able to have good internal accruals and we should be able to fund largely through internal 
accruals and maybe some debt on case to case basis. 
Got it, but given the expansions, you have announced what is the total CAPEX that you 
envisage this year and next year? 
Next year we have not communicated as of now so normally we communicate at the 
beginning of the year. We have not even started our budgeting cycle which will start in 
January. So I would not comment on next year but this year I think we are on a course of 
Rs.600-odd Crores kind of a number whidt we shareu al the beginning of the year which 
was a mix of growth CAP EX and sustainable CAP EX. 
This FRIWO related investments also will largely come in most likely in next year right? 
Yes, other than the equity part obviously that also is subject to RBI approval which I am 
sure will take two, three months. 
Any update on the UzChasys transaction which is happening? 
Yes, the probability of that is getting diminished by the day, honestly because as we said 
initially also we are very, very strong and are firm on our demands or expectations on the 
contract which have not been closed so far. So the possibility of that actually is sort of 
dropping by the day and it is quite possible we might not actually close the transaction. 
Even though we have got an extension by a month so we have a date until end of December 
but I am just trying to be a little honest let us see if it is possible. 
Got it, great Sir thank you so much, and all the best. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 11 of23 

k!lOt•JI MINDA] 
Siddharlha Bera: 
Su nil Bohra: 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Sir thanks for lhe opporlunily. Sir again on this transaction some thoughts I wanted to 
understand for FRIWO also one is obviously they have got some orders in India but as a 
Germany based group any areas new or any planning if I look at the long-term revenues 
have been broadly in that €100 million so are there any other factors which helped you to 
close these deals so in the longer-term just wanted to understand more there right to win in 
some of these products? 
No. So I think when you talk Siddhartha about the right to win which clearly establishes 
that they have already got business for a couple of components already and though I cannot 
share exact detail they are also in discussion for some of the components of the last stage 
with some more customers so you will appreciate that they were already in the OEM 
category now when new partner actually together you as I said this sometime back the 
objective is not to sort of making one plus one the objective it is to make how do we give a 
better product, better technological development, better or faster development time and how 
do we overall increase the business by more than one plus one rather than two how do you 
make it more than that so I think that has been the objective for us. So obviously when you 
join hands there are a lot of synergies which are also at play, a lot of collaboration, things 
can happen. So overall I think there were multiple factors which we said that putting all 
these things together our right to win also should get strengthened further rather than maybe 
they have somewhat you call vantage points or we have some other vantage points so ·we 
add both of them and see that how do we make a better offering to our customers. 
Sir some of these products which you said are apart from the products which you have 
highlighted here or part of these only. 
No, part of these only obviously we are not going to increase the number of products as of 
now which will there in the JV. So whatever we have on platter as of today that has been I 
think mentioned in the presentation also. 
Secondly, basically some of the products already like we had developed on the controller 
side and we have done the full investment and now you are transferring it to a 50% JV so 
how to think about these in terms of the transaction? 
No. Siddhartha, you will appreciate not all products are going into this JV only specific EV­
related components when you say for example telematics. Telematics will continue to 
remain in our controller business, so there is one more so there are two or three components 
which will not move to the JV they will remain under controller business and whatever EV 
specific OE will go here. 
Even the sensors and all which probably you are supplying to EVs they all also will be 
remaining in the existing business or will they be again transferred. 
Page 12 of23 

k!llt•J[ MINDA] 
Sunil Bohra: 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Moderator: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Su nil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sun ii Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
No. They will remain existing; the sensor will not get transferred. 
Got it and lastly Sir if I look at I mean FRIWO's financials globally also so the margins 
have been very low so for the India business which you are targeting how to think about 
margin's perspective? 
As of now whatever business we have been securing first is very difficult to comment on in 
the medium to long-term because we are in a competitive landscape but whatever 
businesses we have been securing I think they are near or better than our average margins. 
Sir I will come back in the queue. 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Ashutosh Tiwari from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir congrats on the transaction. Firstly, for FRIWO in Europe, which would be key products 
from the EV side will generate a higher phase currently? 
It is mostly related to the chargers. 
This is off-board chargers basically. 
Yes, as a now. 
Which will be key customers for them over there? 
No, I do not honestly remember, maybe you can take it offiine. 
In BMS of this particular order that we got in India? 
Sorry I lost your voice in-between Ashutosh. 
In India the order that we got for BMS and off-board chargers, what would be the content 
roughly for these two products? 
Yes, two-wheelers only. 
Yes, what is the content I am saying BMS and off-board chargers, what is roughly content 
per vehicle for both these products? 
It is in line with what we have shared in the past so BMS almost like Rs.6,000-7000 if I 
remember and off-board the charger I honestly do not have that number offhand in terms of 
what was their business value. 
Page 13 of23 

UJOt•)( MINDA] 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sun ii Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
On this four-wheeler and two-wheeler alloy wheel plant so after the complete expansion 
comes to 5.6 million wheels per year for two-wheeler and what would be the sales in it, the 
peaks sales potential from 2 and 4 wheeler alloy wheels. 
Post commissioning of this plant our peak sales should be around Rs.775 Crores to Rs.800 
Crores. 
Rs.775 Crores for two wheelers. 
Yes. 
Four wheelers 330 wheels per month? 
Four-wheeler will be significant. Four-wheeler we should be more than. Honestly, I do not 
have the number readily so I do not want to do guesswork maybe you can calculate that 
because what we have done is we have added a lot of capacity also by debottlenecking if 
you stack up the numbers you will find that the number is much higher than what it was 
earlier is more than 30,000 delta what we have just mentioned so we will be having 325 
which is almost like 3.7 million wheels a year. 
Okay. I will generate the number that is okay and lastly on this Dhama TLA for your 
seating system so do they have customers in India as well as of now or how is the current 
business for them? 
No they do not have any customers. In fact, they have a product which we have been 
discussing with them for last I think four to six months they have this product which has got 
the application in non-auto as of now so what this does it has got a component which you 
sort of put in inside your foam along with the seat and it does a temperature control so in 
the heat when you see a two-wheeler normally it is burning so it will reduce that impact of 
burning; same way in the cold weather so it will do some temperature control let us see it 
obviously kit value is little higher so you may not see very aggressive application, you may 
initially see an application in the top end two-wheelers and then gradually as things improve 
and as the costs come down then we will see a mass application so initially it is more a 
technology product which will see the application and may be in the premium bikes. 
But this is like ventilated seat right or similar to that product? 
Sorry. 
This is more like a ventilated seat as you see in some of the offerings? 
Page 14 of23 

UJlt•)( MINDA] 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Moderator: 
Nikhil Kale: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nikhil Kale: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nikhil Kale: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
No it is not ventilated so it has got some sort of what we call control or something which 
will b<! litted inside or the equipment which will get fitted inside the seat. 
So this can also give you a decent product for four-wheelers per se right? 
No. If you look at there're are multiple technologies available Ashutosh in terms of heating 
and other applications in premium vehicles if you see. Our objective initially because we do 
not have a PY customer as of now while we do have a TLA which covers PY also but 
initially, our focus will be mostly two-wheelers and CV and off road. 
Thanks a lot. 
Thank you. The next question is in line ofNikhil Kale from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question was on the products that you have so now 
with all these additional products also coming in are we largely done in terms of the 
products that can go into an EV and what we can offer or are there any other incremental 
products or work that you are doing on new products can you just specify that or is the 
focus now going ahead more on the PY side? 
Nikhil I know we have got expectations to consistently outperform and I am sure in order to 
do that we will continuously evaluate so what more we can do so this might not be the 
honestly end of it we are still working on a few things but we will come back once we see 
light of the day, but as of now I think this is what we have. 
No, but on the two-wheeler side would it be fair to say that now the kit value that we have 
which is like an Rs.56,000 kind of potential kit value that is addressing most of the high­
value kind of opportunities that we can have in a way? 
There might be more. 
Secondly while we had discussed the kind of potential kit value and various projects we 
have worked out the revenue potential from these products how are you looking at these 
margins? The reason I ask this is as you mentioned some of the OEMs are keen to keep say 
BMS or battery pack in-house, on the other hand, you also have multiple auto ancillaries 
which were maybe not direct competitors till now but given that on the EYs there are only 
sourcing components that you can make many of them are also now working on the same 
components. So say going forward over the next five, six years while the topline potential is 
great but how are you looking at margins in these products will it be similar to the current 
levels or do you think margins could be under pressure for some time? 
Page 15 of23 

UJOt•J[ MINDA l 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nikhil Kale: 
Moderator: 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Definitely look l would not be very, very optimistic honestly on margins initially because 
we know the markets are evolving, there are a lot uf playt:rs in lht: country and you know 
that this is a normal phenomenon because when you are in the phase of evolution there is 
everybody who try to sort of pitch into and sort of being successful. We all know that today 
we have more than say for example more than 50 two-wheeler new age OEMs who are in 
the country, trying to sort of give a better product and I am sure we will see some 
consolidation at some appropriate point in time. I am sure the same thing will happen on the 
component side also. Today everybody is talking of working on the EV side, yes so what it 
does is initially you will see some competition that is number one and number two we know 
that in most of these parts you have very, very high electronic component which is bought 
out so when you go to the customer at times you have discussion of about value-add versus 
investment so while initially whatever units were secured our margins are broadly in line 
with what we have but definitely you cannot rule out a pressure in the medium-term maybe 
one or two years till you have some sort of visibility, consolidation and also comfort from 
the customer that yes this is the product which they will continue to go to a tier one like us 
and I think then we can also sort of expect some premium to the newer entrants in the 
segment per se because we all know that we have got whatever decades of experience and 
credibility build up so from a customer choice also we would like to retain that first choice 
of our customer in terms of supplier and we will do work on that consistently to see that for 
whatever new business yes you have to be competitive but over the period how do you 
secure business and build that trust and confidence to move back the margins maybe a 
respectable level. But yes your point is very valid we might see some pressure in the short­
term but we are not very worried in the medium to long-term. 
Thanks Sir. 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Spark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Firstly is if I look at the product portfolio, you know we 
obviously are having a significant amount of overlap as well between FRIWO and what we 
are doing right now so what do we do say for example with the AMP tie-up that we have on 
BMS would we stop that or would we have both going on? 
Yes, so that we still need to talk to AMP because it was only a TLA and it was not a 
partnership obviously once you enter into a partnership it is almost like a marriage so I am 
sure engagement versus marriage, marriage will prevail, so this is on a lighter note. So 
definitely which we were having all that where Minda also has developed in-house in 
collaboration with AMP we will need to sort of take a course ahead in the discussion or a 
mutual discussion as to how we proceed. But as of now, I think it is Minda plus FRlWO. 
Page 16 of23 

1l)Ot•1( MINDA l 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Again, in a continualion to thal I mean if I look al the products that are getting actually 
added that is the off-board charger, battery packs largely and then the motor controllers 
moving into the next level of development. So is it like there were some technology gaps in 
the products that we were already working on, on our own because I will just see just two 
key products getting added right now from this JV so how do we look at that? 
Yes, so Mukesh as you rightly mentioned if you exclude these three products the fourth is 
you just spoke a little while back on BMS right so we must also you are depending on the 
TLA so obviously a JV is much better than a TLA. I think the same thing you are 
experiencing in I am not saying we have here but we had a similar experience in the past 
when we had a TLA for our four-wheel lighting business with the technical partner and 
always there used to be priorities with the TLA partrier - his own set of priorities and you 
have to be in sequence for development so once it gets into a JV then it is a business for 
both rather than a product which is technically licensed there are always some limitations I 
am not saying we have a limitation in anything but in future it could arise so I think from 
that perspective even BMS actually you see it has added I would say by FRIWO so there 
are four key components in addition off-board chargers, motor controller, battery packs 
even BMS I would say is now a full technology being on board by FRIWO. 
Understood and so we are also going to be moving our current EV business into that so 
could you quantify what kind of revenues we are right now generating out of it and how 
much is and that is going to move to the JV? 
Very difficult to say Mukesh. 
But we are not going to move any assets as such. 
Their revenue is coming to JV and as of now whatever visibility we have is broadly equal. 
It is equal and we are not going to move any assets as such I mean any components that we 
might be manufacturing as saying in our motor controller division that will be like a supply 
from the standard entity into the JV, right? 
Not as of now. We will evaluate at a later stage in case say for example the biggest 
investment in EV is the EMS or the SMT lines right which we have a JV with Minda 
Katolec. So initially if they want obviously Minda Katolec will support but it remains 
competitive it will need to have its own SMT lines and EMS facilities in house so that it 
does not pay any markup to a third party otherwise their margins will come under 
significant pressure in terms of the JV so over a period I would say this JV will be fully 
self-dependent it may not buy anything from the other Minda entities. 
Page 17 of23 

1l)Ot•1[ MINDA l 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Su nil Bohra: 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Moderator: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Just my last question is on your alloy business and especially the four-wheeler alloy wheels 
we are making now very high margins there relatively much higher than the other products 
and now with this expansion is there some. kind of arrangement where the margins kind of 
come off because that was an initial phase where we needed that kind of margins to justify 
some level of RFQs and now how do we look at that business? 
Look at I think we have been regularly saying that since last three years that the margins we 
have been enjoying was primarily because of the businesses we have secured when there 
was an anti-dumping duty in place. For the last two years, there is no anti-dumping duty and 
all the business and also in last two years lot of competitions have also grown up, people 
have put up their capacities and there is severe competition in the business. Good thing is 
that despite that competition we have been securing businesses and expanding, in the earlier 
part of this year we announced 60,000-wheel capacity additions in Bawa! and now we are 
expanding in Gujarat that clearly demonstrates our ability to win businesses from 
customers. Yes, margins as we have been saying - since past two years, margins are 
expected to come down and I do not think that is a surprise. So we do expect to remain in 
that range of around 16%-17% kind of margin as we have shared in past, in the coming 
future even post this expansion of these newer capacities. 
For the four-wheeler side. 
In the four-wheeler side, yes. 
Understood sir. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my first question was on FRIWO if I heard you correctly 
you mentioned that 20% of FRIWO's revenues come from electric vehicles and the rest all 
come from other segments is that right? 
Yes, you are right. 
So then basically it means that the EV portfolio is only about $20 million and essentially 
they are just supplying off-board chargers and maybe some BMS to one or two clients and I 
was just visiting their website which talks about two clients one is Bricker and one is IST 
does FRIWO have any mainstream auto company, a two-wheeler company and all which 
are the clients because their website does not talk about that? 
We all know about that Nishit that the market is still growing in terms of two-wheeler EVs. 
They have got a customer as I said a little while back in the country but obviously, the sales 
Page 18 of23 

k!llt•)l MINDA] 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nisbit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nisbit Jalan: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
are yet to start so as the market is evolving they have also sort of developed products and 
actually have been able to secure businesses yes in terms of actual sales they have to 
materialize. 
These off-board chargers will not be supplied to OEMs they will be supplied to the 
charging companies who are setting up charging infrastructure, how does it work? 
It will be a mix of both Nishit. 
When you say you are transferring some of your products to the JV what I understand is 
only the BMS and off-board chargers are the only two products that are getting transferred 
over there and basically the motor controller and battery pack anyways is the capability you 
are taking away from FRIWO so that will be part of the JV right rest all products whatever 
you highlighted in your slide ten remains with it? 
No, so what happens if you see slide #8 we have mentioned what all components will be 
part of the JV so what products will move to a JV, and what FRIWO products will move to 
JV I would request instead of slide #IO you look at slide #8 
So that shows everything DC-DC wnvt:rlt:rs, al:ouslic vt:hidt: alt:rl syslt:m, unboard 
chargers so all those things will shift to the JV. 
Yes except Telematics which does not move there. 
So essentially your entire EV portfolio you will try to build up through this JV entity rather 
than doing in the standalone right? 
For these products. Yes. 
But these are the bulk of the products which are used in electric vehicles right. 
You are right Nish it. 
Just one last question from my side Sunil is that you have talked about a Rs.28,000 increase 
in content per vehicle after this JV and if I look at two products are essentially added one is 
the battery pack and the second is the off board charger, the motor controller was already in 
the under-development state may be or in the consideration stage which comes into the 
development stage right. 
But that was not part of Rs.28,000. 
Where I am coming from is this battery pack content what we understand is fairly large in a 
two-wheeler even if you assume two and a half, three-kilowatt kilowatt-hour battery and a 
Page 19 of23 

UJOt•)[ MINDA] 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Nishit Jalan: 
Moderator: 
Rishi Vora: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Rishi Vora: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
$200 kind of a cost so are they doing a part of the battery and not the cells and all those 
sorts of things or how is it? 
They are doing a full battery pack maybe we have been a little conservative in terms of 
what we call assessing our kit values it can actually be more than that but this is the current 
whatever action that we said to be on a conservative side. 
Sunil you also talked about when someone asked you about the PU then you talked about 
that JV will definitely consider the battery PU? 
I did not mention battery PL!. I mentioned PU for auto components there is a separate PU 
for battery which is very different. 
Correct that is what I am asking because where I am coming from is because most of the 
companies who want to scale up the battery pack business will apply for battery PU and 
they will get sufficient scale and incentives so on a standalone basis if you are not part of a 
PU it will be very, very difficult for companies to scale up the battery pack business front. 
So from that perspective, this battery pack adds up to a theoretical kit value but in potential 
realizing that will be challenging and competing with players who are setting up a scale of 
more than 5 gigawatt-hour of capacity and taking part in battery PU competing with those 
guys will be very challenging. 
Yes. 
Okay thanks. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Congratulations on the deal Sir. Two things one you said that for an investment of Rs.400 
Crores you will be able to generate Rs.1,600 Crores of revenue so basically the asset 
turnover of this business is 4x so like in a steady-state what will be the ROCE it will be 
more than 20%? 
Yes, that is the target Rishi to be given more than that in the next four to five years. 
Sir secondly you have also set up a subsidiary UNO Minda Auto Systems Private Limited 
what does it pertain to? 
As of now it is primarily for the PU scheme. There is nothing in there as of now. It is a 
more enabling entity. 
Page 20 of23 

DJOt•11 MINDA 1 
Rishi Vora: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Rishi Vora: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Rishi Vora: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Rishi Vora: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Rishi Vora: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Rishi Vora: 
Moderator: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
So nothing has been decided right you have just formed a subsidiary. 
Yes. 
This battery pack so basically will also be our manufacturing cells as in do we have the 
chemistry capability you will just be packing right packing the battery service? 
Only battery pack not battery cell manufacturing. 
Sir lastly on the motor controller so does FRIWO supply to any of the OEMs - the motor 
controller? 
No. 
Sir just to get a sense, because a motor controller is also one of the critical parts of it? 
That is what I mentioned Rishi to another gentleman back that motor controller moves from 
under study to under development now so post-development only it goes onto a production 
phase. 
Sir so basically in our last call you said that for any new products which you develop you 
aspire to have 30% market share and if I look at motor controller space, a lot of domestic 
players, as well as the global players, have already started supplying motor controllers to 
the domestic OEMs so what are the product differentiation or capabilities which we have so 
that we can meaningfully scale up this business given that we have a little late in entering 
this space? 
Rishi we have actually as I mentioned we have actually got an anchor customer again for 
motor controller now which has gone into our development phase otherwise it would have 
been expected to remain under the study phase so we put one-year resource and go to the 
number only once we have some anchor customers. Yes I agree with you that we might 
have been here but we do expect to catch up on that market share target that is what I shared 
in the last call that in the next four to five years whatever business we enter into it is not 
only for this our target always is that we have 30% share of business in the fifth year or 
after five years we should have that kind of a cake in terms of market share so obviously 
you would not expect that in the first year or second year. 
Thank you Sir. All the best. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take our last question now, which is from the 
line ofVishal from edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Page 2 I of23 

l1Jlt•J[ MINDA] 
Vishal: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Vishal: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Vishal: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Vishal: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Vishal: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Thank you for taking my question Sir. Sir my question is relating to the alloy wheel 
business. Currently, the four-wheeler alloy business we have a capacity of close to around 
2.8 to 2.9 million units and the two-wheeler is current capacity is approximately around 
3.03 million units if I am not wrong? 
I am intervening here the two-wheeler capacity when we have announced; so it is more on 
the what we call casting, so the casting capacity is same as 13,000 tonnes a year what 
happens is based on the weight of the wheel the number changes so when we have initially 
thought we thought we will be able to manufacture 4 million that the kind of business we 
have secured. Now the average weight of the wheel is more than what we have initially 
planned and that is why we are saying it could be something around 3.5 to 3.6 million 
wheels but in terms of weight capacity remains same. 
Sir, 1 want to know at the current capacity which you are having what would be the gross 
block breakup between the four-wheel alloy wheel and the two-wheeler alloy wheel 
currently? 
Two-wheeler alloy wheel the gross block is on the total investment which we have done in 
the plant in the first phase was roughly around Rs.325 Crores, four wheelers maybe we will 
be able to share with you offiine I do not have that number readily on my mind. 
My second question is regarding sir these capacities will be LPDC and GDC specifically 
four-wheeler alloy wheel? 
No. So the new capacity which we are putting 30,000 is all GDC. LPDC is only that 25,000 
wheels' capacity initially what we have put which is yet to commission which is ready for 
operation but as I said this was linked with the product launch of the customer and the 
product launch for the customer has been deferred little bit so it will happen in the Q4. 
Sir this was in the Bawa! plant if! am not wrong? 
No, Gujarat Plant. LPDC is in Gujarat. 
Okay Sir. My last question is with these capacities; will you now go for export 
opportunities also in the alloy wheel business? 
As of now definitely our intention is to go for export, but consistently I think we have been 
able to have a significant business win. So whatever capacity currently we are putting we 
will be able to unfortunately meet only domestic demand which is consistently growing. 
Once we see any flexibility or capacity available that time maybe it will go a little more 
aggressive on export but as of now I think our hands are full domestically. 
Page 22 of23 

IIJOt•)( MINDA]
Vishal: 
Moderator: 
Sunil Bohra: 
Moderator: 
Minda Industries Limited 
December 13, 2021 
Thank you so much Sir, these were my questions. Thank you and all the best Sir. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Bohra for closing comments. Over to you, Sir! 
I would like to thank everyone for joining this call at a short notice. I hope we have been 
able to respond to your queries adequately. For any further information, we request you to 
please get in touch with us. Stay safe, stay healthy. Thank you. 
Thank you very much, Mr. Bohra. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Minda Industries 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
Page 23 of23 
