GHCL Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Sandra - Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Code: GHCL 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Code: 500171 
Subject: Filing of Transcript regarding Investors' conference held on 
December 7, 202_1 
Pursuant to requirement of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are pleased to attach copy of the 
transcript regarding said Investors' conference held with the management on 
December 7, 2021 for your reference and record. 
Please note that copy of this intimation is also available on the website of SSE 
Limited (www.bseindia.com/corporates), National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(www. nseindia.com/corporates) and website of the Company (www.ghcl.co.in ). 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking you 
Yours truly 
For GHCL Limited 
Manoj Kumar lshwar 
Asst. General Manager (Secretarial) 
B- 38, GHCL House, Institutional Area, Sector-1, Noida, (U.P.) - 201301, India. Ph. : +91-120-2535335, 4939900, Fax: +91-120-2535209 
CJN : L24100GJ1983PLC006513, E-mail : ghclinfo@ghcl.co.in ,Website : www.ghcl.co.in 
Regd. Office : GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall, Near Navrangpura B·us Stand, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad, Gujarat. 380009, India 

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“GHCL Limited 
Update Conference Call” 
 
December 07, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. R.S. JALAN - MANAGING DIRECTOR - GHCL 
LIMITED 
MR. RAMAN CHOPRA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (FINANCE) - GHCL 
LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK - FINANCE - GHCL LIMITED 
MR. MANU - FINANCE - GHCL LIMITED 
MR. MANISH - FINANCE - GHCL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the business update conference call of GHCL Limited, on 
strategic divestment of home textile business hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. We 
have with us today Mr. RS Jalan, Managing Director, Mr. Raman Chopra, CFO and Executive 
Director of Finance. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the end of the presentation. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchstone phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. I now would like to hand 
the conference over to the management. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Good afternoon and a warm welcome on today's call on board decision’s of for disinvestment of 
home textile business and carve out spinning business through scheme of the demerger.  Raman, 
our CFO along with Manu, Manish and Abhishek from the Finance Team accompany me for this 
call. Requisite disclosures have been uploaded on Stock Exchange.  Hope you had a chance to 
download and go through the same. 
 
At the outset, we would like to thank you for all your utmost support and believing in us. We 
strive to always be agile in our conduct and aim to excel in our performance with the endeavor to 
create value for all our stakeholders. Your company has come around with a remarkable 
performance during these unprecedented and uncertain times of pandemic and the same is 
communicated to you during the quarterly interactions. 
 
As you are aware with a view to have greater focus business approach we had initiated the 
process of demerger of our textile business. In the interim, we got an opportunity to unlock value 
of our home textile business, not being a strategic growth area for us by divesting the same to 
IndoCount Industry Limited as a going concern, on a slump sales basis for a consideration of 
Rs.596 Crores, subject to closing adjustments. 
 
This is a strategic decision, which would help management to focus more on our core strength 
areas of chemical and spinning business. We are a marginal player in home textile business and 
generated average EBITDA of just Rs.22 Crores in last three and a half years, which is less than 
5% of the total EBITDA of company and less than 20% of the textile business. We are retaining 
our spinning business which will account for more than 80% of our textile EBITDA and remain 
to be our core business. 
 
We believe that this disinvestment will unlock the value for all our stakeholders as the proceeds 
of the sale will be ploughed  back to its core business of Inorganic Chemicals and Spinning, 
which will be a major catalyst to our growth journey going forward. 
 
In chemical we would like to pursue opportunities like Greenfield expansion, Increasing Product 
Basket, Enhancing the capacity of Refined Bicarbonate Business, Enter into JV arrangement and 
attaining operational leverages through IoT and AI. 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
In spinning business we would like to focus to expand our value-added product basket as well as 
capacity to keep our growth momentum going. In addition to above  GHCL is continuing with its 
objective of having separate entity for both these business verticals. Accordingly the board has 
also approved the Demerger of its spinning business to GHCL Textile Limited through scheme of 
demerger. The process of demerger is expected to be completed in next six to eight months. 
 
I would like to reiterate that we are committed for creating the value for all our stakeholders and 
are putting our best efforts for that. Your support and trust drive us to pursue this endeavor with 
more zeal and energy. I would now request the moderator to open the forum for question and 
answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question q assembles the first question is from 
the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Veera: 
I just wanted to understand in terms of post this transaction in terms of debt in the textile segment 
what would the debt look like and in terms of given the remaining business of textiles, how will 
we be able to service the debt Sir? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Rahul, if you look at the total debt of spinning business obviously after when we get this 
transaction done, some of the debt which relates to the home textile will get repaid and after that 
tentatively my understanding is the total debt is around 140 Crore will remain into the demerged 
entity and this figure of 140 Crores is on September 30, 2021. 
Rahul Veera: 
Okay and the interest cost in my view would be at least 7% so that will be close to 10 Crores of 
interest cost will be there. Will the spinning business, existing business will be able to generate 
that kind of EBITDA per se because historically we have been very volatile in this segment? 
R.S. Jalan: 
No but see but if you look at the EBITDA of spinning business, has been close to more than 
around 100 crores. Broadly if I give you the number of last three and a half years average 
because as you rightly said, in the business sometimes volatility is there on the textile business 
the EBITDA of three and a half years of average EBITDA of spinning business is 108 Crores so 
this 108 Crores versus Rs.7 Crores to Rs.8 Crores is nowhere near closer to that, absolutely there 
is no issue on that. 
Rahul Veera: 
What will the capex outlay over the next three years that we are looking including the Greenfield 
that we are planning? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See broadly Rahul you know that overall our cash generation is in the range of around Rs.500 
Crores to 600 Crores from the entire GHCL portfolio, right? Out of the home textile EBITDA 
was profit of average was nothing, almost nothing. Overall profitability of the overall GHCL will 
not have any significant or I would say even minor impact will not be there. So profitability 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 19 
remains, cash generation remains and that will be sufficient to maintain our debt equity ratio of 
1:1 and grow in the business of Greenfield project, which we have announced and also side by 
side growing on the spinning business also. As you know that we have already committed 
approximately around more than 240 Crore into the spinning business which project is under 
implementation and they will have a sufficient cash to take care of the growth journey after the 
demerger. So overall if you look at we have enough resources and you know that we are 
completely deleveraged company, our debt equity ratio is negligible. So that way we do not see 
any  concern on our growth journey of chemical as well as the remaining spinning business. 
Rahul Veera: 
Just a last one, from the supply chain side, did the home textile business procure any materials 
from the spinning division and how will it happen going forward? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See overall in the total business of spinning only 20% is getting consumed into the home textile, 
balance 80% we still today also sell into the market, so there is absolutely no concern. These two 
businesses are already in run independently, separate management, separate everything and 80% 
of the business is already being sold and now what we are doing Rahul is more on product basket 
expansion, value-added products, those are the things which we are we are doing and honestly if 
you ask me the product which we make into the spinning business they are much more valuable 
than selling for the home textile business. So our focus is more on selling to the garment segment 
where the higher quality is required, the realization is much better, so this is definitely. Of course 
home textile like IndoCount or other players also will be keen of buying the product from us, but 
for me as a strategic decision, I will always consider to penetrate into the garment segment where 
the value realization actually I would say 5% higher than to the home textile segment. Our focus 
has been for last two three years and that is the reason we have reduced our dependence on the 
home textile. Like I said if you look at the spinning business in totality even the competition to 
whom we were selling the home textile, spinning yarn to the competition also, the figure would 
have been meager. So therefore going forward, this will be frankly speaking this will help even 
the spinning business to enhance their margin. 
Rahul Veera: 
Thank you so much for the time. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tarang: 
Good afternoon. One question what is going to be the post tax cash flow after this transaction and 
when you think this transaction will be completely consummated? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See in terms of the period I would say that by March 31, 2022 or April 1, 2022 the agreement is 
April 1 on us before April 1, 2022 because there are certain formalities needs to be kind of a 
completed, some export obligations shareholder’s approval, all those things will be required the 
timeframe wise on or before April 1, 2022. In terms of the post tax I would say that broadly the 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 19 
tax implication could be in the range of around 35 Crores to 40 Crores. To that extent tax will go, 
balance will be the net cash flow will be coming to the company. 
Tarang: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good afternoon Sir. First I wanted to understand the valuation at which this business is getting 
sold? So you know if you look at IndoCount itself you know it may be trading at three four times 
of its book value compared to that given our small tax cash flow, it is very apparent that business 
is being sold probably less than two times book even on a EV to EBITDA basis I do not know if 
you are saying what has been the EV to EBITDA for this sale transactions for last 12 months or 
FY2022 expected for this business? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Sarvesh, two things I just want to highlight here if you look at the valuation perspective. In any 
business somebody rightly said Rahul, rightly said this is a cyclical business. Should we take the 
last six months of the data or should we take a longer term data? I can only tell you last 15 years 
of the data in this business we have never made a significant amount of EBITDA and last three 
and a half years our average EBITDA was only 22 Crores. Now keep that 22 Crores into mind 
and look at that kind of a validation which we got for the 22 Crores of average EBITDA. Now 
even if you look at for the minute you look at the data of 2021 which has been just last past our 
EBITDA was in the range of around 42 Crores of the home textiles. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
What is the number for the six month of this year Sir? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Number is definitely slightly higher. It is approximately around 60 Crores; however, like I said 
you cannot take any business on the basis of the six month performance. If I can give you the 
date of 15 years, five years, three years, I have given you specific data. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Because in their presentation they have said PBT of this business is around 45 Crores. So does 
that mean that the depreciation and interest is only 15 Crores for this business? 
 
R.S. Jalan: 
Like you rightly said, the total EBITDA is 60 Crores, depreciation is 11 Crores and the interest is 
3 Crores, the total figure is the bottom is coming from around 46 Crores. So like you rightly said, 
they must have given the right number of 45 Crores, 46 Crores and in the investor presentation I 
think we have already. Sarvesh like I said few things according to me there are three things 
which are important, you sell the business at the right time. What is the right time? Right time is 
when everybody is positive about the business. I remember that in this business maybe if I would 
have been spoken about this business this investment two years back probably we would have 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 19 
got the half the value of what we have got just now. So you sell the business only when the 
people are positive about the business. The things are going in the right direction, but whether 
that right direction will continue for a longer period of time. That is question mark number one, 
number two in 15 years, are you been able to do a good value creation for the shareholders on 
this? No, we are not and I have said in multiple calls that in the chemical business we proudly say 
we are the best in class, in the spinning business I proudly say that we are best in class. Our 
EBITDA margin is 18%, three and a half years, my EBITDA margin in the spinning business is 
18% wherein this business my EBITDA margin three and a half years is only 4%, so can I 
continue to run a business with EBITDA margin of 4%, which is a slightly longer term view. 
You have to take a longer term view and the kind of a management time is required to run the 
business, the kind of resources required in the business, is it better not to focus on the area, where 
you are good at. So you know that we are a marginal player in this business, we have not been 
able to give it still out of my total business, my capacity we have been filling 50 of our capacity 
by the job work. So will you appreciate a business which have a lot of no return, a lot of 
management time and not seeing any growth last five years I have not made any investment into 
this business at significant capital allocation business, because I am not seeing a clear visibility 
going forward in this business, how this business will shape up. So do the things which you are 
good at, so we are good at the chemical, we will expand in the chemicals, we are good in the 
spinning 15 years is the track record, we are the one of the best margin in the spinning business, 
we will do good there, we will plow back this money and management time in those businesses 
which creates value for all our stakeholders so that is why the logic of disinvestment and the 
valuation. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
What is the sales and capital employed for FY2021 and for H1 there, for this business? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Just give me a minute. I will just give you the number. Total sale for home textile in FY2021 my 
revenue was 455 Crores and my capital deployed was about 560 Crores something of that sort. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
H1 sales? 
R.S. Jalan: 
H1 sales revenue was roughly around 396 Crores and EBITDA I told you 60 Crores. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Finally now what is the plan on the capital allocation part because already we are leveraged 
beyond I mean we are lower than the optimum leverage right now in terms of debt to equity and 
our Greenfield is going to come with a lag and also it will be back-ended and phase wise so there 
is no sort of immediate use of cash and then we are generating 500 Crores, 600 Crores and then 
we have got 500 Crores, 600 Crores more from this sale also and we do not have any major 
capex plan apart from the regular capex and regular increase. So where all is this going to get 
deployed and how much are you planning to give back to the shareholders as a special dividend 
or something because I really do not see any need of all this excess cash that we will be floating 
around with? 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 19 
R.S. Jalan: 
Sarvesh, two things; first and foremost, is it the right decision to sell and get the money at the 
time when you can get the money? Now the question is I think, we as a management we believe 
this was the perfect timing of selling this business. Now as you rightly said the question remains 
is how are we going to deploy that resources? Now sometimes what happens even if you do not 
have an opportunity for a minute if I assume there is no opportunity but still better to slightly 
deleverage, wait for the opportunity and invest the money in the right business, which you 
believe either you can create a value for the shareholders or for all stakeholders, why should I say 
only for the shareholders, for everyone. Now timing-wise this was a perfect but like deployment 
as you rightly said deployment wise we have plan like sodium bicarbonate, sodium bicarbonate 
we are expanding the business to the double the size what we have right now. We will require the 
capex there, number two. Spinning like I said already we have committed 240 Crores, we have 
signed the agreement of 500 Crores of investments with the Tamil Nadu government with the 
green energy. Similarly yes the green field project for soda ash  will be there, till the time it is 
nothing wrong in having a slightly deleverage and invest the money at the right place, instead of 
hurry to make the investment and make account investment at the wrong place that I personally 
believe that is not the right strategy for a long-term value creation. We are not in the business of a 
faster value creation for our stakeholders. We are in the business of a long-term value creation 
and you have seen our journey last seven eight years. We have been gradually creating a value 
consistently value creating for our stakeholders and will continue to do that, but we are not in a 
rush, we cannot  look at okay buy a company of a specialty chemical at a very high price and 
deploy the resources. I do not want to do that because ultimately my objective is not a 100 meter 
race. It is a marathon race. In that we have to work in a manner so that in the long run I can 
create a value. I do not mind be slightly deleverage and use these resources at the right place at 
the right time. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood but any hopes of a special dividend or any one one-time payout to the shareholders? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Sarvesh, we have always been rewarded our shareholders in terms of the buyback, in terms of the 
dividend, if the fraternity believe that returning the capital to the shareholders will be more 
beneficial than creating a growth opportunity out of that business, we can always discuss this on 
the board but like you people are as large shareholders, you will understand that sometimes the 
return on capital employed is important from the sales perspective also how are they going to 
deploy the resources but we will be open to these kind of thoughts and discussion going forward 
how to reward the shareholders. Right now we have not thought of any of that kind because we 
have just concluded the deal yesterday only and we still understand that this deal is going to still 
take four months time, there is enough time to look at how do we look at the part of the 
suggestion which you have given it to us. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Thank you. All the best Sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
I just want to understand how much is the EBITDA of the spinning business both in H1 FY2021 
and FY2022, we just has some indication of how large that is? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Mr. Gandhi is a very significant number. I will just give you the number. In FY2021 our 
EBITDA was 113 Crores from spinning business, which was 18% whereas in the home textiles 
was only 42 Crores, in the six months the number which are just given 60 Crores is the EBITDA 
of home textile whereas the EBITDA of spinning was 116 Crores, the margin was 29%. Spinning 
I has always been rewarding. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
So I think 116 Crores is the EBITDA for the remaining business for the last six months 
effectively? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes and that is going to retain with us. That is going to remain with us. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Yes got it and how many incremental spindles are we adding and do we expect that to come on 
stream? 
R.S. Jalan: 
As per the target it was supposed to be coming in March 2022; however, because of this weather 
condition one or two months or some machine supply delays there maybe it will take another one 
or two months and this will get completed and this will be 40000 spindles, this will give us a 
revenue of roughly around 200 Crores extra, revenue out of that business and again like I said if 
you look at the data from the spinning I just want to reiterate the data again last four years data in 
front of me 112 Crores into FY2019, 91 Crores in FY2020, 113 Crores in FY2021 and three 
years average is 105 Crores and six month 116 Crores so what I am trying to say is spinning 
business whereas in the home textile in FY2019 my EBITDA% was zero, FY2020 it was -14 
crores. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
If I hear you correctly, what you are saying is actually if we look at the textile business you are 
primarily is spinning players, you are just trying your hand at home textiles, it has not actually 
played out as planned so given there was a player who is a leader who was acquiring it at a 
reasonable cost you exited to them they may be able to do great thing with it but at times, we can 
redeploy it at a lot more attractive rates for return, is what our view is? 
R.S. Jalan: 
You have very rightly said. You see sometimes you do something good like in the spinning we 
do better than many people but they might be doing good into the home textile, they are a good 
player in the home textile so they will be able to create a value for their stakeholders whereas we 
will be able to create a value for our stakeholder by way of spinning the chemical business. 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Just on the spinning side of things are we on the specialized side of it because how are we able to 
have 18% plus EBITDA over the last three four years that is appearing to be slightly higher than 
most of the other players out there so just wanted to know, I understand is that are we in a 
specialized area, is the way we run our better just wanted to understand with that and effectively 
the ROCE roughly over the last three years of spinning? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Like you very rightly said in the spinning business we are master if I can use the right word, we 
have mastered in three things; one is our understanding about the cotton outlook has been 
fabulous. I can give you the data of because that is the largest cost of any spinning business that 
is number one. So that is one we have been able to do at the right time that is number one. 
Second our product basket, the way we have transformed this business in the last five six years 
by going into the right, we call the right customers, it is the same product, if I sell you to the 
home textile I will get 5% lower value than I am selling it to the garment segment and that too 
also specialized garment requirement because the quality standard or the quality requirements are 
significantly different. So we have been able to make our infrastructure and the culture where we 
have been able to create those high quality specialized yarn, special fiber from Pima cotton or the 
Giza cotton or the Cilian cotton you name it, we are making every type of yarn. So that is where 
we get a better value from our customers and the customers who do not want to will not like to 
move away from us even if we are 5% or 3% costlier than the market because consistency in the 
quality. That is the second thing. So in terms of the cost competitiveness, power we have 
significantly made an investment into the power. Our power cost is very significantly lower than 
the competition. Similarly on the labor cost we have modernized this plant labor cost is only 
coming to 4%, 4.5% so all these things cost wise we have aligned ourselves rightly, similarly on 
the site we have been able to sell to the right customer. My return on capital employed, Mr. 
Gandhi, you asked me my return on capital employed on a slightly longer term is around 15%. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
This is all spinning or this is overall the textile and we should… 
R.S. Jalan: 
I am only talking about spinning. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Understood. That is extremely helpful and then we like look forward to hearing the top plans 
over the next few months on the capital allocation of the free cash flows and the reserves you 
have as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anish Jobalia from Banyan Capital Advisors 
LLP. Please go. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Good afternoon Sir. First I wanted some clarification of the debt. So at one point of time I think 
we have mentioned that our debt on the in the textile side has been 300 Crores so if you could 
give a clarification on how much is related to the home textile and how much is to the spinning 
and how much would be transferred to say IndoCount because of this transaction that would be 
very helpful to understand a bit more granular? 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 19 
R.S. Jalan: 
First of all and foremost there is no debt is going to be transferred to IndoCount. It is all cash 
deal, all the debts and everything will be taken care by us. That is number one. In terms of 
September 2020-2021 like I said the remaining debt or debt all get put together I am talking 
about working capital debts and everything put together is around 140 Crores, the remaining debt 
is approximately around in September 150 Crores, so like you rightly said the number was 300 
Crores and something out of that 160 Crores remains with the with the spinning business and 150 
Crores with the home textile which will get paid off from the proceeds which we will be getting 
from the newer acquirer. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Secondly so we did spinning division revenues of 350 Crores in H1 FY2022 approximately let us 
say and which means an annualized rate of 700 Crores odd so do you think that the 700 Crores of 
the revenue run rate is now sustainable going forward or is there any further upside here also I 
mean without these 200 Crores of spinning capex which will come on stream in the next year so 
from the existing capacity? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See six month data of spinning business my revenue is around 400 Crores plus so if I take that 
number then you can slowly multiply that number and this figure this comes around 800 Crores 
to 850 Crores because in this six months also the few weeks was there where the Tamil Nadu was 
closed, if my memory goes right. So if I take that and this number is coming to something around 
800 Crores to 850 Crores and surely after this expansion which we are doing this number will be 
surely be crossing more than 1000 Crores. 
Anish Jobalia: 
To understand this expansion a bit better so at one point we had mentioned about 200 Crores of 
expansion right so this is the one which is already going on and then another 500 Crores on capex 
will be coming in the future so is that correct that we are now looking at a total capex of around 
700 odd Crores between these three plants which have been announced? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Total figure is 500 Crores out of that like it as you rightly said 240 Crores we are making an 
investment now and balance amount will get invested in next year. 
Anish Jobalia: 
I just want to understand like what is the kind of debt to equity that we will be looking to take in 
the textile business, I mean how the numbers would look over there? So once the demerger 
completes like what would be the say the total or the net debt to equity in the textile business 
itself? How are you looking at this and secondly also if you could give a more clarity on the 
timelines on this capex and what kind of return expectations do we have over here? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Let me answer one by one. In terms of the indicative numbers which will get transferred of 
course that number will be at the time of when demerger gets approved that number will be will 
be visible; however, as on September 30, this number was 160 Crores against that my networth 
was roughly around 700 Crores. If I take that from that perspective you will find that we have a 
significant deleveraged balance sheet of the spinning business going forward and maybe this 
number can be slightly more improved because once this money is coming in and we can make 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 19 
more deleverage the spinning business so that they have their own journey of a growth with 
sufficient resources in their balance sheet and they are also earning like I said they are also 
earning good so they will be able to continue out their journey of growth number one. You said 
in terms of the investment which we are making what is the visibility of the return. Like I said if 
you look at MAT on this basis that we have been generating around 15% to 18% return from this 
business in the longer term period so I would expect that this would be slightly better this new 
investments should be slightly giving a better return than this number of 15% to 18% so you can 
be rest assured that this return will be much better than the cost of capital, which we are you 
know that 7% is approximately our cost of borrowing is there. I hope I was able to answer your 
question? 
Anish Jobalia: 
Fantastic Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tej Prakash an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. As there is no response we move to the next question which is from the line of Prerna 
Jhunjhunwala from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations Sir on the sale. Just wanted to understand 
what was the capacity utilization of home textiles division for FY2021 and in the first half? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Prerna, if you look at in terms of the capacity utilizing the processing capacity I would like to 
divide that into two parts; one is our own export which we were doing, which was approximately 
around 50% balance amount we were doing your job work so in terms of the utilization yes I was 
doing the 90% plus but whether I have been able to create value out of this job work? No. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
In first half revenue is much higher at an annual run rate than your FY2021 numbers is it just the 
time difference or there is some? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Prerna, if I can say that you know that in the last few months or last few quarters, the textile has 
been on the upswing because of the two reasons; on one side the raw material cost was on the 
lower side and whereas, we have been able to get the better price from the market. So one of the 
advantage which is coming for the home textile as well as for the spinning business. In home 
textile what you see the jump of EBITDA expanding from 40 Crores to 60 Crores in six months, 
one year of data was particularly in the one six month you got the data of 60 Crore that was 
primarily because of that but now the thing is changing because the raw material prices has gone 
up, your cotton prices have gone up whereas transferring these costs to the buyers, is one of the 
biggest tasks for anybody in the home textile because you know that the concentration of the 
buyer in the home textile is and this I have been saying in the last few quarters that margin 
contraction will happen into the textile business going forward. So probably I would call it again 
a reasonable margin into home textiles in the range of around 14% to 15% which have been, we 
were not achieving that. We were not achieving that like I said if you look at my EBITDA 
margin was in the range of average of three years, three and a half years, it is only 4% probably 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 19 
the logical number is around 15% whereas my spinning business it is in three and a half years 
18%, my understanding is of course in six months we got a margin of 29% in the spinning that is 
not going to sustain for a longer period of time. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir with this 50% utilization that you did with the premium customers, the customers also move 
with the business or they will be a fresh requirement from customer side to evaluate stuff again 
for procurement? How is it? 
R.S. Jalan: 
We are transferring the business on a going concern basis Prerna and all the customers, all the 
employees everything, all the commitment, all your vendors, everything will get transferred to 
them. So they will be getting a business which is having a turnover of x value, they will be 
getting that along with that they will be getting the assets and they will get all the employees. 
They will procure the business themselves. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
With GHCL your inflow is around 370 Crores odd minus the debt that you have to repay to the 
bankers minus out of that, is that understanding right? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Prerna, we are getting 596 Crores to be precise. Out of that we have to pay the debt like I just 
indicated the number to you 150 Crores, balance amount out of that probably we have to pay 
some other liabilities, but broadly I would say that I said that my finance team is giving me the 
figures that 500 Crores roughly around the 400 Crores or 450 Crores kind of a number, will be 
coming to us out of that some taxes has to be paid like I said because of one time income, 30 
Crores, 40 Crores will go there, the balance amount will remain with us. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
That is great. Could you just give me some details about the spinning capex that you will be 
incurring post this 40000 spindles that is going to come in at FY2023 first quarter? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Like I said Prerna that 200 Crores is already committed to this spinning business then we have a 
sodium bicarbonate also were also we are doubling the capacity so all this investment growth 
will go there but we will have a surplus cash. There is no doubt about it and for that next year we 
are also looking at expansion into the spinning business. Now we will have a focus also into this 
spinning business to slightly expand the business more rapidly because the now management 
time will also be there, resources will be there. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
You see the spinning margins continuing at the higher levels as you have seen in the last 12 
months? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Not only Prerna on the 12 months like I said the respectable margins the spinning business is in 
the range of around 18% to 20%. In last three and a half years my EBITDA margin of the 
spinning business has been 18% so I am assuming this 18% or slightly 1% or 2% more should be 
possible going forward, if everything goes well in a slightly longer term because somebody 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 19 
rightly said some volatility is there in this business but on a longer term basis this kind of a 
margin should be should be achievable on this business. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you so much for this detailed answer, Congratulations and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Jhaveri from JHJ Holdings Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Jhaveri: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you for this opportunity. Sir if you can just share some thoughts on the 
capex in spinning. What are the number of spindles that we are planning in phase one and phase 
two including the latest Tamil Nadu announcement? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Right now, we are approximately around I am just giving you the down figure number we are 
roughly around 190000 spindles 195000 spindles right now, in addition to that we have an airjet 
spinning, we have a TFO, we have open-end machines and so on. So if I club everything then we 
are at more than 200000 spindles at this point of a time. Then we are adding another 40000 
which is getting completed like I said in next few months it is going to be completed. Next year 
we have another plan of 40000 50000 spindles which plan is already under discussion and that 
will get implemented next year. So probably you can say that by in another one, one and a half 
years of time probably we will be reaching to the level of around 300000 spindles broadly if I 
take everything put together and this is reasonably a good size of the spinning business in India. 
Pranay Jhaveri: 
If you can just throw some light on the current yarn spread, how are you seeing things? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yarn spread at this point of time, is very good but like I said you should in a longer time you 
should not look at those kind of spread and you should be looking at a reasonable spread and like 
I said the margin should be in the range of around 18% to 20% we you should expect on that 
business EBITDA margin. I think that should be a fair assumption of on a slightly longer term 
perspective, but yes next six months could be a good period for the spinning business continuing. 
Pranay Jhaveri: 
The last question from my side in terms of this sale of home textile division I am just wondering 
if we were in not so much of hurry of getting this cash as our all expansions future expansions 
are taken care of by our internal cash flows and probably in home textiles we are at probably one 
of the lowest point in terms of our RM cost hitting us badly and we are not able to pass on so I 
am just trying to understand from a longer point of view if we were to compare there is a ballpark 
figure that you are saying that spinning three, three and a half years fast margins are better 
whereas in home textiles is not but if I were to see your last say 10 years EBITDA margins then 
comparing home textiles with your spinning so I am just trying to understand that are not we 
selling at a low point of time and would have waited since we are not in that dire need of cash? 
Thank you Sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 19 
R.S. Jalan: 
Let me give you each other around I think if you look at the 15 years of the data of home textiles 
we have never made money, we have never made money, a small portion only on 2016-2017 we 
have met and always we have been losing money on this business. That is number one. In terms 
of the timing see I always believe that the best time of selling is when somebody is interested in 
buying and the people will be interested in buying only when they see that the future is right or 
looks to be better that there is a point, even in the normal behaviors what we do when the things 
are looking good then only that time only we want to buy. So I think in terms of the timing-wise I 
think we could have been late if I would have waited for another one year or six months and if 
we have not done good job in 15 years how can we believe that we will be able to do the good 
job in going forward. I think in terms of the timing I personally believe that such a perfect time, 
perfect valuation because you get the better valuation only when the things are better. The same 
situation I used to repeat it when had I sold it two years back I would have brought for the fixed 
valuation we could have got maybe 60% or 50% of the value which we had because nobody 
interested in buying, selling at the right time is the right thing and I personally believe this is the 
right time. 
Pranay Jhaveri: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. Please go 
ahead. Your line is unmuted please go ahead with your question. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
My line was on mute, My apologies. First of all congratulations on this deal. Sir I have just one 
question Sir you have a couple of retail brands iFlow so do you have any plans to divest them 
anytime in the future? That is it from me. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Vikas, you are right in terms of that are also one of the business which is a very small product 
basket or business what we have and we have there also we have not been able to create a big 
value out of that, okay. So at the right opportunity if we find some right buyers, we do not mind 
selling that business also because again that is not making a strategically sense of a 100 Crores 
50 Crores to 100 Crores of the business in the basket of the thing, but at this point of a time we 
do not have any such kind of a possibility, but yes if opportunity comes and I just want to remind 
my investors that two or three years back I have said this we run the business not with the 
emotion, we run the business with the logic and we run the business with future prospects of the 
business where we can do the right and we have said that if in the home because there were a lot 
of concerns on the investors that you are not doing good in the home textile, where the people are 
doing I said if the right time, if required we will divest on this business and we have 
demonstrated that without having an emotion of continuing with the business where you are not 
doing good, similarly on the iFlow you said at the right time if we find an opportunity very small 
business, no significance into the bottomline or the topline. We do not mind exiting from that 
business if you get an opportunity. 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you for your detailed answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you for asking my question, first of all congratulations for the deal. Most of my questions 
are already answered. Just wanted to understand and post demerger how would we seeing the 
management team of both this business and how we should see the basically the employee costs 
going forward? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Rohit, in terms of the business that that both the businesses we are good at and we will continue 
to grow that to both the businesses. In terms of the employee cost, I do not see any significant 
change into the employee cost of both the businesses separately also, because that spinning 
business is a very focused, small group of people, they are managing that business and we will 
continue with that journey because that is a commodity business I must say that and therefore the 
cost competitiveness in all corners be it the employee cost, be it the power cost, be it any cost, we 
are very agile on that basis that loads the business to the extent, which can sustain the business in 
a longer term basis not on the short term if you are making good money does not mean that load 
the cost, with a lot of thing so we have like i said only 4% to 5% is my total wages, cost into the 
spinning business and we will continue with that kind of a journey in the spinning business going 
forward, even in the chemical business my total cost is coming in if my memory is correct maybe 
around 5%, 5.5% kind of a thing and that also we will maintain. Size will become bigger into 
chemical business because that is our core competency, but my cost will proportionately not go 
up, it will rather come down in terms of the percentage. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen please limit your questions to two participants. The next 
question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar Sir and congratulations. Firstly what would be the effective date of this unit getting 
transferred means by what time we will be booking the revenues and the profitability from this 
segment in our books? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See the date is April 1, 2022 on or before April 1, 2022. We will try to complete as quickly as 
possible but as on date the target date is on or before April 1, 2022. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So in lay language for this current quarter for the December quarter and also for some part of the 
March quarter the revenue and the profitability from the home textile would be clubbed in the 
GHCL combined entity? 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 19 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes up to March 2022 if the date remains the same, the profitability and the revenue will 
continue with the part of the GHCL. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right Sir. Sir when we see this announcement on November 27, of 500 Crores MoU in the state 
of Tamil Nadu that 500 Crores capex will happen when Sir and are factoring that into the current 
year 240 Crores amount is that been clubbed together I did not get that number? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, Saket. We have got both this figures clubbed into that because you see you get some 
incentive from the government also so on this MoU which we have signed we will have some 
incentive from the government so we have clubbed these numbers and we will be getting those 
incentive on those numbers. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir just to come to a very small point we were in the merge at the anvil of the demerger had been 
received the order the demerger would have happened had not that they had been extended to the 
next 23rd January and now we will be calling back the proceedings. Sir, what actually transpired 
in such a small span of time that we were able to conclude such an important transaction over a 
period of just two months if you could throw some light and also is the current soda ash prices 
the improved realizations and the factored that are giving you the direction that the prices are 
going to remain at these levels they gave us some more impetus to exit this segment and grow the 
soda ash faster than what it would have happened had the prices remained at March levels. So are 
these things connected, if you could give some more color? 
R.S. Jalan: 
No it is not connected Saket ji it is not absolutely not connected these two businesses are 
completely different and is nowhere connected our decision has not been based on since the soda 
ash is doing good and therefore we should be saying this no because we do not take a short-term 
view on any of the business you know in the soda ash business and consistently we have been 
performing very good. Yes, currently the market scenario is very bullish we are expanding our 
margins and we continue to believe that in next one and a half year to two years time the margin 
should be much better than what I had been in the past, but that has no relationship with the exit 
of this decision. Now coming back as you rightly said on the midst of demerger see honestly we 
got this opportunity in few months back not it is that it has not happened in one month or two 
months it has taken a quite a bit of our time we were debating and we were discussing a lot of 
final points you know that lot of final points has to be debated negotiated and it has taken a 
significant amount of time. We were in the midst of that and the moment this had got finalized so 
instead of doing the demerger and waiting for this transaction to wait another six months time we 
thought it is always beneficial for my stakeholders to complete this transaction and do the 
demerger in another six months time that is always better then you go with, otherwise what you 
do is all the transaction you first take it to the new company do all those changes and then again 
that you do not do that. 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Saket Kapoor: 
I got your point and what is the cost of setting up this 1000 spindles today if we take the 
enterprise value of the spinning business on a replacement basis the current 2 lakh spindles with 
the modernized facility what should be the replacement cost. 
R.S. Jalan: 
It depends on what kind of a machine configuration you do, what kind of a thread count it is a 
poster count it is a finer count. 
Saket Kapoor: 
For us Sir what it is? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Broadly if you can say I would say roughly my understanding is it should not be less than 
Rs.40000 to Rs.50000 per spindle so if you take that basis the valuation of the spinning business 
which is 200000 and mind it along with that we have a solar energy, we have a green energy, so 
if you look at it will be not less, the replacement value almost maybe 1100 Crores I am just 
giving a ballpark number I am not prepared that number it could be in the range of around 
Rs.1100 Crores it should be the numbers because green energy itself we must have paid around 
200 Crores and all put together. All put together is something about 1100 Crores to 1200 Crores 
should be the kind of a value of maybe 1000 to 1200 Crores kind of a thing. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Depending on today's mix of yarns which we are selling at optimum level what should be the 
peak revenue for the spinning capacity on a standalone basis. 
R.S. Jalan: 
I have just said that Saket ji that number could be in the range of around 800, 850 Crores of the 
topline should be kind of a number should be there and the way we are going to journey maybe 
this is maybe touch around 1000 Crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Very small point Sir. Sir we have always tried to move up the value chain whether it is from the 
soda ash we have the sodium bicarbonate and looking at other product basket even here also I 
think so various types of yarns we are looking into but as currently if we look at the profile of the 
company we are into the two commoditized product only whether it is on the soda ash one hand 
and the other side it is yarn. So what steps are in the anvil is the management contemplating so 
that we can move into that value-added segment wherein we will have more margin accretive and 
products going ahead and lastly Sir as earlier also emphasized to share this amounts with your 
shareholders with this demerger proposal again being persuaded the thought for buyback again 
get delayed since no buyback can happen when the restructuring or demerger is in the anvil. So 
that gets elongated again by a year or one and a half year maybe Sir. So what is the thought on 
that, Sir? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See first of all let me answer the last question first. You see I do not personally believe that this 
time this demerger will take such a long time because there is a very valid thought process one. 
Earlier because of the home textiles that the banker support was not as supportive as it is going to 
be now because that business is doing there are a lot of concern about the home textile. Now the 
business which is getting demerged is a highly profitable business so we will not take longer time 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 19 
from the getting the banker’s approval second as of course the COVID is still there but COVID 
has also delayed the process of this thing. So overall my belief is that it should not take more than 
six to eight months time of getting that demerger completed and we will be pushing for that 
timeline. Now coming back to you said commodity versus see two things, one see sometime in 
the anxiety of creating a value-added product we went to the home textiles with the same thought 
we are going for a value chain our experience has not been good in that. So I think my personal 
belief is try to be doing the things which you are good at and you can maybe create a value in the 
space where you are good at that do those things number one. Second yes in this space itself we 
are creating a branding perspective like I said in the spinning we are creating a benchmark for 
ourselves that we will be catering to this kind of a customer this kind of a product basket where 
the commodity will have a lesser role to play means you will have a certain quality standard 
certain customers certain products basket which is a value added product, I can sell one product 
which is a commodity of a 30s count but instead of that 30s count I am making a product which 
is made out of Australian cotton same 30s count with Australian cotton that is the value-added 
product then we are adding like I said air jet is spinning we have added TFO. So do those kind of 
a thing to create a basket, now we have come with some of the innovative products into spinning 
the 40000 which we are spending or we are investing there we are going to produce all the 
innovative products of this spinning. So we are remaining in this spinning but we will be moving 
in the value chain and going to the innovative product that is the one in the chemical side two 
things sodium bicarbonate sodium bicarbonate is the value of the product we are expanding that 
product, the product basket and as you know that in the product basket expansion we are looking 
at a possibility of some of the opportunity in the specialty chemical or in the API or the bulk 
chemicals. So that is also, so we are clear in our mind that let us do the something which you are 
good at create a value in those things by doing the things differently than the other commodity 
players are doing and that you will be able to create a value for your stakeholder that will be the 
thought process. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right Sir, and lastly Sir on the Soda Ash price trends the way we exited the quarter and the last 
conversation and currently with the value add and in the raw material prices now subsiding does 
the trend is still continue or there is a fall back in the international prices has been the case with 
other commodity Sir? 
R.S. Jalan: 
It continues the same and like I said at least for one or two years I clearly see a good return 
coming on from that business. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right Sir and thank you sir for the clarification and thank you for the call Sir taking into account 
our request and addressing us in the proper forum and all the best we are there to support the 
company and their growth journey and we hope all stakeholders as have been looked will be 
looked going forward also and all the best to the team. May God Bless! Thank you. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Thank you Saket Ji. Thank you everyone. 

 
 
 
 
 
      GHCL Limited 
December 07, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Thank you very much, to all my stakeholders and my shareholders. I have always been saying 
that we will do our best in terms of creating a value for my stakeholders in a right spirit, in a right 
way. Yes sometimes when you do the things in a good intention a good listing sometimes you 
may make mistakes but that will happen but overall our endeavor or the passion of the entire 
GHCL team is only one thing how do I create a value for my stakeholders in a longer-term 
perspective not from a shorter-term perspective. We feel pride that we have been able to do a 
reasonable job and we will continue to work hard on that and your support is really encouraging 
to us in our journey. So thank you for all your support and the guidance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
