Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001. 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot no. C/i, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai —400 051. 
Scrip Code: RADICO 
RKL/SX/202 1-22/67 
November 09, 2021 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call conducted on November 03, 2021  
Dear Sin Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021, conducted on 
November 03, 2021. 
'This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
Foiflico Kl$itan Limited 
't
I 
(Diish #1ar  Gupta) 
Vice ptcsident — Legal & Company Secretary 
Email Id: investor(2radico.coin 
End.: As Above 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
Ptot No. J-1, Block B-I, Mohw Co-op. Industrial Area 
Mathura Road, New Deihi-110014 
Ph : (91-11) 4097 5441/555 Fax: WI-lI) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office : Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones : 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax 0595-2350009 
e-mail : nfo@radtco.co.jn, website : www,r-adicokhejtan.com  
GIN No. L26941IJP19B3PLCO2727B 

 
 
  
 
0 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
(BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Second Quarter and Half Year FY2021  
Earnings Conference Call 
November 3, 2021 
 
 
Management Participants: 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
  
 
1 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 Results 
Conference Call of Radico Khaitan Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial 
Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ashit Desai from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide of our earnings 
presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Ashit Desai: 
Thanks Steven. Good afternoon everyone. It is a pleasure to host the 
management of Radico Khaitan for their Q2 FY2022 earnings call. From the 
management we have with us today Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director, 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, CFO, and Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President (International 
Business). I will now hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. First of all, wishing you all a very, very 
happy Diwali. Thank you for joining us on our second quarter FY2022 results 
conference call. I hope you are doing well and keeping safe. 
Market conditions have normalized during Q2 FY2022 and we saw a strong 
growth momentum led by our prestige and above category brands which have 
grown by 18% over same quarter of last year. The growth was broad based 
across the portfolio and across states. Demand for premium brand is relatively 
less impacted by the slowdown due to COVID-19. Consumers are looking to 
have quality experience at home when the social gatherings and going out is 
reduced.  
Our longstanding strategy of focusing on value driven growth is working well. 
It is clearly reflected in our Q2 FY2022 volume growth and is also indicative of 
the increasing premiumization trend. It is important to note that this 
performance is over a relatively strong base of last year when Q2 was more or 
less normal. During the quarter, our export business has been impacted due 
to global freight scenario and non-availability of containers. Our domestic 
volumes have remained very strong.  
Building upon the growth momentum in the industry and the premiumization 
trend, we have unveiled two of our most awaited brands, that is, Royal 

 
 
  
 
2 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ranthambore Heritage Collection-Royal Crafted Whisky and two variants of 
Magic Moments Dazzle Vodka. We have been working on these brands for 
over two years and the launch was delayed due to COVID.  
Both these brands have been developed after a comprehensive consumer 
research on the blend, packaging as well as positioning. These brands will 
create a unique positioning for themselves in a similar fashion as many of our 
previous premium launches.  
We believe that Royal Ranthambore is the finest blend ever created in India at 
this premium positioning where no other Indian company have ever launched 
its brand. It is a unique whisky with six blended Malt Scotches, one Scotch 
Grain from Malted Barley and Oak Infused Grain Neutral Spirit, reserved for a 
specific time to assimilate the blend.  
Dazzle is aimed at capturing the global trend of the premium natural, 
flavoured vodkas. It undergoes seven-stage filtration process and is available 
in two variants, gold and silver. Gold is an ultra-premium vodka whereas silver 
is creamy vanilla flavored which is first of its kind in India.  
As of now these brands have been launched in UP and Maharashtra. In the 
second half of FY2022 it will be made available in other key states such as 
Karnataka, Telangana, Rajasthan, Delhi, Goa and Haryana. Next year we will 
roll these out on PAN India basis. At the moment we are focused on seeding 
the brands. Our focus is on placing these brands in class A and B outlets in 
select cities and creating visibility with consumers.  
We are very proud of both these launches and the initial market feedback is 
also very encouraging. It gives us more confidence that we are making right 
progress in developing a stronger premium brand portfolio which will create 
Radio Khaitan a future ready organization. 
During the quarter we expanded our distribution for Jaisalmer gin and now it 
is available across 10 states. After Delhi, Goa, Telangana, Karnataka, 
Maharashtra, it is now also available in UP Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand 
and Daman.  
Over the last two quarters we have seen a steep inflationary trend across 
industry and our sector is no exception. We have seen a sharp increase in 
some of the key input materials which has impacted our profitability margin 
particularly in the non-IMFL segment. We strongly believe that this is a 
temporary phenomenon and given our focus on premiumization, margins 
trajectory shall improve. During this period Radico Khaitan is focused on 
sustainable premium volume growth which will drive profitability in the long 
run.  

 
 
  
 
3 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
As a company we have taken environmental stewardship and supporting the 
planet in big and small ways. For example, in our Rampur distillery nearly 70% 
of the power consumed is from renewable energy sources and around 47% of 
the renewable power was through biogas generated through waste produced 
during the alcohol manufacturing process.  
We have been ramping up our usage of recycle bottles for certain large brands 
which stands at 14% in FY2021 as compared to 4.5% in FY2019. Other 
initiatives include water recharging and water harvesting around our factory, 
educating farmers around water conservation. Currently we are able to 
recharge 300% of total water we draw from the ground giving back more to 
the ecosystem.  
We have also undertaken a large water conservation project along with the 
government and the Art of Living foundation. Our project will benefit over 40% 
of total population of Rampur District of 2.3 million.  
We believe in creating value and sustainable growth keeping in mind our 
commitment to environmental and society.  
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed operational 
and financial review. Thank you and over to you Dilip! 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call today. Wish 
you all a very happy and prosperous Diwali. 
During the second quarter, we reported IMFL sales volume of 6.47 million 
cases representing an increase of 7.1% on Y-o-Y basis. This volume growth was 
led by prestige and above category volume growth of 17.7%. In value terms 
P&A category registered a 22.1% growth. P&A category accounts for 30.8% of 
total IMFL volume as compared to 28.0% in Q2 of FY2021. We have continued 
a similar momentum in Q3 so far.  
Net revenue from operations during Q2 of FY2022 was Rs. 709 Crores 
representing an increase of 12.5% compared to Q2 FY2021. During this period, 
IMFL sales value increased by 13.5%. As a percentage of total revenue, IMFL 
sales accounts for 80.2% of the net revenue compared to 79.5% during the 
same quarter last year.  
Gross margin during the quarter was 46%. This was impacted due to 
commodity inflation, particularly in non-IMFL segment. Over the last six 
months, we have seen prices of PET resin and other packing material go up 
significantly. Despite a significant increase in the prices of packing materials, 
gross margin for IMFL business remained stable owing to a favorable product 
mix. While there is an inflationary pressure on most of the commodities, ENA 
price has remained stable. Due to an efficient supply chain, the Company has 

 
 
  
 
4 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
been able to manage the impact of the inflation to a minimum. The Company 
is taking all efforts to optimize cost and to mitigate any margin headwinds. 
Over the long-term, we expect to continue our margin expansion trajectory 
given our portfolio premiumization.  
Employee benefit expenses increased by 25.2% on Y-o-Y basis to Rs. 37.89 
Crores on a lower base of last year. In FY2021 there were no salary hikes and 
variable pay due to the COVID-19 related uncertainties. Q2 FY2022 includes 
the full impact of variable pay as well as the salary increments.  
The Company’s strategy is to continue to make judicious marketing 
environment over existing core brands and new launches to sustain the 
growth and market share. On a quarterly basis, the amount may vary but we 
expect to maintain A&SP to be in the range of 7% of our IMFL revenue to be 
able to drive the sales momentum. In the P&A category we expect this to be in 
double digit.  
Finance cost decreased by 43.8% on Y-o-Y basis from Rs. 5.44 Crores to Rs. 
3.06 Crores during Q2 FY2022. The Company’s cost of borrowing is one of the 
lowest in the industry due to a lower interest environment, stable profitability, 
strong capital structure and improved liquidity position. We have an efficient 
working capital management and a very strong credit control system.  
During the first half of this year, we reduced our net debt by Rs. 79 Crores. As 
on September 30, 2021, net debt stands at Rs. 119 Crores compared to Rs. 198 
Crores as of March 31, 2021. We have a strong financial position and 
comfortable liquidity. During these times, we are taking all necessary steps to 
sustain our financial strength, maintain robust business model and grow 
consistently, competitively and profitably.  
With this we will now open the line for Q&A. Thank you. 
Question & Answers Session:  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks and congrats on very good recovery and numbers. My first question is 
on the gross margin pressure. If I see your numbers and the other peers in 
that space on a one year and two year basis, your gross margin pressure is on 
the higher side and you did explain because of the non IMFL and maybe 
because your P&A is also lower as a percentage. So want to understand going 
ahead both glasses and ENA, how do you see inflation? In terms of price hikes 
how are you taking on your own also by premiumizing and from the state 
government are you getting any kind of a comfort on that? 

 
 
  
 
5 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Abneesh as we explained in our opening remark that the gross margin has 
largely been impacted on account of the inflationary pressure on some of the 
dry goods in the non-IMFL segment. The impact of this on the gross margin is 
in the range of around 225 basis points to 250 basis points. However, in case 
of IMFL segment because of our product mix and premiumization as P&A 
category has grown again by 18%, we have been more or less able to mitigate 
this dry goods inflation to an extent and the gross margin in that segment has 
remained more or less stable.  
As far as your second question regarding the premiumization, so the 
company’s premiumization continues and we believe that we will continue to 
grow our premium portfolio in strong double digits continuous basis. In H2 as 
the commodity price that looks to be continued to be hovering around at 
these levels, we maintain our guidance of the gross margin to be range-bound. 
However, from the next year onwards as the product premiumization is 
happening and we will also get price increases, because a lot of representation 
is being made to the states for compensating for the input cost increase which 
is coming in various commodities. So hopefully in the next excise policy when 
it is unfolded in February and March, we are also going to get the price 
increases commensurate with our cost push. The product premiumization and 
price increase will put us back on our margin expansion trajectory this is what 
we believe. As we have guided that we will continue to improve on our 
operating margins and we still maintain that in two to three years’ time we 
should be back with a late teens margin with the new product launches as well 
as strong P&A growth. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second question is on your two super premium brands launch. So my 
questions are do you see the advertising and promotion spend inching up for 
you next two, three years and second with market leader also under the new 
MD calling out the strategy refresh and getting more aggressive in general, 
they are targeting double digit sales growth also Pernod is also quite 
aggressive how do you see advertising spends for you and for the industry and 
second if you could discuss for these two super premium brands what is the 
revenue potential from an industry level, so what is the ticket size either in 
terms of targeting how big is the opportunity currently? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
To answer your first question about the advertisement spend, we have always 
maintained ad spend between 7% to 8% of the total IMFL revenue and I think 
with the two new brands also our advertisement spend should be in the same 
range and the second part of your question is this industry today is 3 million 
cases. It is a highly contributing segment and it is growing at about 10% per 
annum. We feel that our product it is a finest ever Indian Whisky made at this 
price point. It is going to be priced at about Rs. 1700 to Rs. 2500 a bottle and 
we have targeted two states, we are going to add another six states in the 
second half and next year we are taking it national. Hopefully like other 

 
 
  
 
6 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
launches like Rampur, Jaisalmer and 8 PM Black, which we launched about two 
years back and we get 1 million case last year and this year will be close to 2 
million. I am quite hopeful that this product should do well. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My last question, so you have done this premium vodka launch. My question is 
on your current business of white spirits I see the market leader also calling 
out that they want to get aggressive here so if you could talk about that do you 
see your market share coming of there because of the market leader’s 
aggression? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See our market share in the vodka segment is growing day-by-day and today 
we are close to 58% to 60% of the entire Vodka sold in India and with these 
two new launches we are covering the entire spectrum on the white spirit 
especially the Vodka segment and we are very confident that with the Dazzle 
especially the vanilla flavor and this Gold and seventh stage filtration we will 
be able to maintain if not escalate the market share. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Going forward actually with the entry of new brands I think it will make more 
noises for the white spirits and the market itself will get expanded. We have a 
large market and we have a very miniscule consumption of the white spirits. 
The white spirits consumption as an overall category is around 3.5% to 4% 
even if doubles in next five years it will have the advantage to Radico being the 
market leader. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Like globally vodka segment is close to about 28% to 30% whereas here it is 
3.5% so with more players coming, the market will expand which will be a very 
good sign for Radico. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure got it. That was very helpful that is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Gupta from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Couple of questions. First on the new launches it is different strategy from a 
branding perspective as the whisky segment you have launched a new brand 
and in the vodka segment you have launched a new brand and 8 PM being 
extended in the higher price segment also. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Aditya if you could repeat the last part because we have understood till the 
Dazzle and the Ranthambore but the voice clarity is not that clear if you could 
repeat we can answer it better. 
Aditya Gupta: 
So I was asking is there a risk based on your consumer studies that consumer 
is anchored to a certain price point when it comes to Magic Moments versus 
introducing a new brand what consumer insight led you to introduce in the 
same brand? 

 
 
  
 
7 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See even if you see Magic Moment like Magic Moment we launched our Verve 
and we have already captured about 15% to 20% of that segment and Dazzle is 
absolutely a different set all together like if you see the packaging it is 
wonderful, the blend is superb. So I think the elasticity is there like even if you 
see any competitions where they have gone up the ladder so we personally 
feel that the price elasticity should be there for the Vodka. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
You see in many case what happens is in any category with more and more 
affluence coming in the consumers the loyal consumers were always looking 
at upgrades and what additional can be offered, so as far as our loyal magic 
customers are concerned, we first offered them Verve and now it is Dazzle 
which is completely a very super premium offering to them also will attract the 
other consumers who were so far consuming imported Vodkas because there 
was nothing available on the domestic market. So we are very positive on the 
consumer acceptance for Dazzle. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Any benefit that could come out by improving the rebottling and where do you 
see this number and how much of the margin benefit can there be if at all any? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
These are early days in any case and as we mentioned in our opening remarks 
we have just seeding the brands at the moment and next year is when we will 
roll them out PAN India so we are very hopeful to start contributing 
substantially to our margins as well. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Sorry, my question was on the reusage of 14% now? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes so in certain brands we are taking in state-to-state basis and we are 
actually in these brands which are medium in level so there is a large 
consumption of the glass bottles and there we have started using so it has 
come from 4.5%, 5% to now 14% and I think regularly it will ramp up I think 
20%, 25% is the range which if it is achieved in due course of time and it is an 
optimum level we reutilize these large bottle so there is still scope and it will 
definitely also improve on our margin but it is a twin purpose one is to look at 
this from the perspective of the recycling of the waste and second is from 
improvement in our gross margin as well. So yes there is a scope and we are 
constantly working on that. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Got it, perfectly clear, thank you and wishing happy Diwali to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good afternoon and congrats on a good set of numbers especially in the P&A 
side. The first question is slightly more two, three years base so if you look at 
the last three, four years the realizations for the IMFL segment are up almost 
7% annually and the P&A realizations are up even a little bit more. I just 

 
 
  
 
8 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
wanted to understand given that all the launches which we were doing are 
materially higher than your current realizations in P&A and P&A itself is 
growing at a materially faster pace in regular do you see this 7% kind of price 
mix growth, is there a possibility that this number can materially increase over 
the next two, three years? 
Dilip Banthoya: 
Yes, so actually a couple of reasons one is the product mix as you are saying is 
continuously improving and now it is 31% of my total overall volume. These 
launches which have been done are at a luxury category which are very, very 
high in price point, the gross margin in these categories are also very good and 
much better than the existing brand portfolio. So it will also definitely expand 
the volume-value differential and I think in future as these brands which are 
even Magic Moments, Morpheus, Morpheus Blue, Jaisalmer, Rampur Indian 
Single Malt then these two launches and that is what we are guiding for that 
we are going to expand our gross margin as well as EBITDA margin and we will 
take it to the late teens in two, three years’ time. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Second question was in the next 6 to 12 months. We have a slightly low on 
trade mix say compared to some of the other players. I just wanted to know if 
you look at this as a concern because on trade is opening up in a bigger way, 
growth compared to peers to that extent may not look comparatively that 
much better or do you look at it as an opportunity because some of these 
premium brands in this period will be on trade and you can get a higher 
growth. So just wanted to get your sense on how are you looking at this on on 
premise opportunity now? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Our on trade, especially the segment A category was very limited so far but 
with Rampur, Jaisalmer and now Royal Ranthambore and Dazzle that becomes 
a great opportunity for us. We already have premium players and we have 
already started with Jaisalmer, so Ranthambore and Dazzle should be a 
relatively easy entry into the on trade and the A category one, all the five star 
hotels as well. So overall from our marketing mix or sales mix on trade is 
becoming more and more critical for Radico which was not so far it was more 
the B and the C class outlets. Now A and A+ becomes very significant for us 
and obviously we do expect a lot of movement into those outlets. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Sir just a follow-up and this will lead out to your on trade mix of 4-5% or 
whatever number it is which used to be historically be the mix on trade versus 
off trade, could that number kind of look more like double digit say in two, 
three years’ time? Is there a target how are you thinking about it? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
See in terms of on trade whether it is for us or other peer companies as well 
has never been a substantial volume driver it is more of an image driver over 
there and then it gives a rub-off in the other outlets and the off licenses as 
well. For us the most important thing would be to have visibility and 

 
 
  
 
9 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
placement of all our luxury and super premium brands in all the relevant 
outlets. It is a slow burner so whether if today it is 5% whether it will go to 6%, 
7%, 8% or 15%, I do not think it will be ramping up at that faster pace but what 
is important is it will be available in all the significant and key outlets. 
Harit Kapoor: 
You are saying that you have ramped-up the team there as well to kind of 
drive this because it is historically not within our portfolio now you do right? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Yes, that is true. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Okay, that is it from me, thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Mehta from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Mehta: 
My first question is with respect to non-IMFL business so how difficult it is to 
increase prices in that business and what is our long-term thought process in 
that business I understand it is not a key focus area for us so what is our 
thought process behind that? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See our non-IMFL business is only in the state of UP which we call as the 
country liquor business and the prices are fixed once a year and mid of the 
year it is impossible to change the price but given the present scenario we are 
quite hopeful that in the coming fiscal we should get a price increase there. In 
the long term if you see there are certain states there is no country liquor it is 
all IMFL. I think UP being one of the most progressive states of the country and 
we feel the government has introduced this grain country liquor and I think 
gradually it is a matter of time like the southern states the country liquor also 
might change into IMFL so that is what our long-term vision for this segment 
is. 
Dhaval Mehta: 
Normally in the state of UP this business happens on a tender basis like we are 
the only producer. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
No it is not on a tender basis it is absolutely at the market forces where the 
brand strength plays a very key important role. 
Dhaval Mehta: 
So it is up to us to defocus on that business or produce lower considering that 
the way raw material prices are it is up to us to act accordingly right? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes and no because our largest plant is in Uttar Pradesh so we are obligated to 
supply the country liquor but our thing is that this country liquor can become 
the hugest opportunity for Radico because in the long-term what we are 
seeing but still like the southern states, I repeat, this segment is going to get 
converted into IMFL. 

 
 
  
 
10 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dhaval Mehta: 
My second question is with respect to the Pandora news which we have 
recently heard, the articles which have been floating, so I understand some old 
news where we have closed that account almost six, seven years back but my 
question is what was the motive behind opening an account and second as 
things stand what is the current juncture is there any inquiry going on or what 
is the current status? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See we have already issued a statement in the press that we do not hold any 
illegitimate account anywhere in the globe and as and when we get an inquiry 
from the government our stand is the same. 
Dhaval Mehta: 
So as you stated that there is no such account which was there even earlier? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes. 
Dhaval Mehta: 
There is no such inquiry right now government has not asked for any details or 
anything is not pending as of now? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
No. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead. 
Please go ahead. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Thank you for this opportunity and firstly many congratulations on your new 
set of launches, I did try all of them and made some other people who say try 
it, it is a very fine quality but the icing on the cake was the packaging. I am not 
seeing that kind of packaging even with $150, $200 product in some cases so 
my heartiest congratulations to the design team and people who launched this 
product. Now coming to my queries firstly the new whisky which we have 
launched, Royal Ranthamabore, you have mentioned I think 3 million volume 
size what could be the value size of the market for the company in terms of 
realization and ballpark volume? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
See as far as this market is concerned as we said that this is a market of 3 
million cases and the average retail price in this price point is around Rs. 2000 
so we can multiply. We envisage as we are seeding the product PAN India next 
year as we have done in our previous launches and once the product is 
established and seeded to almost all relevant segments, we are aiming to get a 
good market share in coming two years. We are very hopeful, we are very 
confident about the product and the product has come out well, the initial 
response is very encouraging wherever it has been launched and for the first 
time as an Indian company we have made the launch at this price point and 
Radico’s strategy historically has been that we go step by step but for this 
product we are taking it to two states and six more states in this financial year 
itself it shows the confidence about the product Radico has. 

 
 
  
 
11 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Thank you. Secondly wanted to understand what was the export growth this 
quarter on a Y-o-Y basis and on a two-year CAGR basis if we have the data 
handy? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
See in terms of export as I am sure everyone is aware there has been a huge 
increase in the freight rates and in some cases about five to six times they 
have gone up and also availability of containers. So if I was to look at on an H1 
basis because quarterly basis can be a little different on an H1 basis we have 
actually grown our last year by 17%. Our order book is fairly solid and lot of 
buyers have put on hold their shipments because there is a double impact not 
only at the freight but the receiver also on CIF basis. So it has put in a lot of 
pressure on the market but we are pretty hopeful the freight rates and 
consumer availability will ease up in the coming months and we should be 
bouncing back. Also for the new launches we have already received the export 
orders for both for Ranthambore as well as Dazzle they will also be introduced 
in the international markets within this quarter. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Is it fair to conclude based on what you said that in the first half year sales 
would have been majorly higher has it not been for the freights and can one 
expect that once the freights normalize at some point of time in the next six 
months you would see a much bigger growth in export? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Absolutely that we get lot of orders we had to hold back, we could not ship 
because of the container availability or very high freight rate. So we are very 
confident once the freight rate stabilizes and availability becomes easier, we 
will be back on our growth track. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Due to higher freight prices, if my understanding is correct, has it impacted 
your overall EBITDA margins or gross margins to some extent? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
You see in certain markets yes we had to do freight sharing with our buyers to 
ensure our brands are continuously available in the market so it will have a 
short-term impact on the margins but as we say in about couple of months 
once things go back to normal we should be bouncing back to our double digit 
growth. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Sir secondly I wanted to understand would you have any plans for any further 
whisky launches over this financial year or next financial year because we 
thought that you are planning to launch two whiskies based on our prior 
interaction at some point of time? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Lot of things are on the drawing board so we have launched one whisky and 
two variants of luxury Vodka at the moment. There our couple of other things 
as well on the drawing board so things are moving on the premiumization 
trajectory on a very strong footing so you will expect some more 
announcements in the time to come. 

 
 
  
 
12 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity and congrats for a very good volume 
growth. Sir my question is on the demand environment in various states plus 
where we have strong presence and whether you have gained any market 
share in these states? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We are seeing a very strong demand coming back not only for the industry but 
for Radico also and lot of places especially in the P&A we are getting market 
share in majority of the states where we are present and if you see like UP, 
Karnataka, Telangana everywhere the demand is now growing up. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
In one of the questions earlier you mentioned that though this year the 
margins would be lower you are targeting high teen margins over the next two 
to three years so we should expect your premium P&A segment volumes to 
reach to around 34% to 35% so that your margins would be somewhere 
around high teens by FY2024 is it a right understanding? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, absolutely right that is what our aim is. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So P&A volumes would be around 34% to 35% of your overall IMFL volumes? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on very good volume growth 
in the quarter. Sir just more on the margin side as you stated like in the non-
IMFL business, the margins got impacted and the price hike that we can see is 
possibly by the end of the year. So keeping that in our mind can we expect like 
lower gross margin will continue in the second half as well less than 48% kind 
of a gross margin in second half as well? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Our gross margin actually on an optimum level has been between 48% to 50% 
right but this is an exceptional time and I think next two quarters we have to 
be in the range bound margin on gross as well as EBITDA margins. Thereafter 
this because of the product premiumization and price increases which are 
going to be there from even IMFL and both non-IMFL segment so we expect 
margin back to be in the expansionary trajectory and as we guided it will be in 
two to three years’ time based on this product premiumization and price 
increases. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
On the ENA side how is the outlook? 

 
 
  
 
13 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
ENA has been more or less stable till now and we have seen good crop and 
grain side also we do not foresee much headwind in the ENA side. Minor 
headwinds can be expected but these can be taken care of with this kind of 
product profile. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Sir lastly if I can ask we are very strong in UP, Karnataka and all so just wanted 
to check like which other geographies where we can ramp up our market 
share or where we can gain market share in future or we are able to focusing 
on that? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We are actually expanding everywhere even in north and south also we are 
gaining market share for last four years we have been giving data to all 
investors. We have been continuously growing and outsmarting the industry 
on volume front and particularly in P&A category. So our growth is broad base 
in across all geographies. So even in south we are growing and north we are 
growing, east and west also the growth is happening. So I think it is a broad 
base it is not single geography. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from ICICI 
Prudential Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
First of all, congratulations regarding the good set of operational numbers. My 
first question is on the capex and our future capital allocation policy so what I 
want to understand is that the government will come out with policy on the 
ethanol blending so do we have any plans to increase our backward 
integration from the existing levels and what about our current capacities that 
we have specifically for Rampur and Jaisalmer? do we see our capex intensity 
increasing probably over the next two to three years? In backdrop of that how 
do we see our current capital allocation policy since we have reduced our debt 
in the past five years and our working capital requirement has come down 
significantly, I believe we would be in a position to generate a decent set of 
free cash flows. So do you have anything in your capital allocation changes 
which you can probably guide on this? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As you rightly said we have been very, very conscious on our capital allocation. 
Last five years, we have repaid debt of around Rs. 830 Crores in total, our 
current debt level is Rs. 120 Crores with a working capital of more than Rs. 
1,000 Crores it is a virtual debt free kind of situation at the same time as a 
growing company and looking into our product portfolio and the growth in our 
branded business, we definitely look for this kind of opportunity but any capex 
which the company takes will be first of all internally funded, mostly at the 
same time it has to have a value accretive and have to have a 20% plus kind of 
ROCE so these will be evaluated in due course of time as you rightly said with 
the ethanol blending program of the government. In the past also we have 

 
 
  
 
14 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
had our strong backward integration but these at this point of time are not on 
the card as and when it materializes we will come back to you with full details. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
My second question is as a follow-up to another participant’s question our 
geographical presence while we are very strong in few particular selective 
states mainly UP, Karnataka but our salience in other states has been quite 
flattish so do we see this as a particular on a geography basis or we operate as 
a company from a brand perspective as to where do we see possibility of 
increasing our share in particular geography? Can you comment anything on 
your geographical presence and your shares in big markets? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Our products are quite widespread, we are on pan India basis widely selling 
our products, premium as well as the regular products. As far as saliency is 
concerned from 37-38% come from north, again 35-38% come from south; 
and east and west form around 10% to 12%, so CSD put together I think 
industry wide we are much better on north side than south because south 
industry is more than 50% whereas we are around 37%, 38% and north our 
market share is much higher. It is state-to-state that we work on brand basis 
that which are the states which have this flavor and the price points has an 
opportunity and based on that we work. So it is not like that the company is 
stretched on the distribution and on PAN India basis on A&B class outlets is 
very, very strong. It is as good as any leader in the industry and we are actually 
focusing again on the profitable growth. So our decision is also driven by that 
where are we, which are the segments and which are the price points in one 
particular trade which are more profitable. So giving the capital allocation 
based on the profitability so focus is on profitable growth. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Sure that is very interesting and just a last quick question when do we expect 
our new capacity for Rampur single malt coming in I believe the demand is 
very good but we have limitations in the supply side so when can we expect 
more supplies coming in for Rampur? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
First of all, we are very happy to say that in the current quarter we should be 
entering into the army canteens and which is a huge opportunity for Rampur. 
About three years back we have tripled our capacity of Malt and gradually the 
capacity of Rampur is getting ramped up and I think from 2023 onwards we 
should have enough capacity of Rampur to cater to even the Indian markets as 
well as the international markets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naveen Trivedi from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
Sir is it possible for you to share industry growth rate in Q2 and the first half 
both in terms of value and volume terms as well as if you can share how are 
you seeing industry demand in the ongoing festive season? 

 
 
  
 
15 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We have grown better than the industry. In the second quarter the industry 
has grown more like 6%, 7% or so whereas we have grown 7% on volume 
terms but P&A category 18%, but because of the exports there has been some 
impact otherwise the domestic growth has been much higher. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
How is the industry demand shaping up in the ongoing festive season? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See we are seeing demand is coming back quite robustly and the demand is 
quite good in the season time. 
Naveen Trivedi: 
You have received a very good consumer response just wanted to know if the 
response is good primarily on account of the product quality or the pricing is 
also one mechanism where we are getting a good response? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See if you see any new product which is launched, the first thing which the 
consumer really sees is the packaging, second which is the most important in 
any whisky or vodka or any liquor product is the blend. So we are getting 
response on both the sides and we are quite positive on the brand, as far as 
pricing curve this is a higher priced item so gradually and slowly like our 
Rampur it will take its time but it will get to the consumers heart. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from 
Centrum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have two questions: the first question is on CSD business so if you could help 
me with what was the volume that we have got in CSD this year versus last 
year? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See CSD was highly impacted last year because of COVID and they were 
following a very strict protocol and volume wise I think this year we have 
grown about close to over 40% compared to last year H1 and we have a 
market share of about close to 30% in the armed forces. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes, absolute term million cases that we can share what we have did this year 
versus last year? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
This is about 12% of our volume. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, what I want to know last year it was significantly impacted and that is why I 
was more interested in this year so maybe this 12% in this year you are 
saying? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
What was last year? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
This year in terms of volume we have done about 13 lakh cases in H1 and 
compared to 8.85 of last year. 

 
 
  
 
16 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So it is a significant growth? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, it is about 48% in H1. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
The other question is on the CSD again related you mentioned that Rampur is 
now getting listed in last one year how many new products or SKUs we got 
listed in CSD business? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of our brands I do not think we have got any new brands listed in CSD 
in the last one year. What has happened is as part of Aatma Nirbhar India they 
have decided to delist the BIO bransd so that creates a huge opportunity for 
brands like Rampur and Jaisalmer. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Exactly that was the intelligence which I got I just wanted to reconfirm that 
there is a scope for us to go from 30% maybe 35%, 40%. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Hopefully yes. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
The second question is on the premiumization journey so I think Abhishek Ji 
have been answered that in the short-term we will think about 35% but what I 
am saying that over I see last two, two-and-a-half years we have now fairly 
good handle how the premiumization is driven, what is the distribution angle 
and what is it that consumer wants so there is a lot of learning curve you have 
gone. So why do not we look at the accelerated expansion and maybe another 
three, four, years why cannot we go to beyond 50% is there any bottlenecks is 
there any issue with the company or what is it that stopping us? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In any case we believe in creating brands that is the most important thing and 
we take our own time. In fact, if you look at our new two launches they were in 
the making for almost two years. So only when we think we are confident this 
is the product that the consumer will like and appreciate is when we get into 
the market with that and we launch that product. So in terms of whether the 
share will be 50% or 40% or 60% it will all depend upon the offering that we 
make to the consumers and the consumer acceptance. In terms of all our new 
launches whatever we have had in the past so many years they have all been 
success because of the liquid. Eventually it is the liquid that matters and we 
are consistently providing a blend which is much beyond the expectation of 
the consumers at the price position that we launch our brand. So we would 
leave it to the market forces to decide whether it is the 50% or 50% plus. We 
will create brands and offer them to the consumers and then we will wait for 
the consumer response. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My last question if you can spend a minute or two this ethanol policy which is 
just round the corner any new take your understanding because we are a 
leading player obviously you will also have some consideration in the industry 
so maybe a quick word on this? 

 
 
  
 
17 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As government has already guided the medium-term target of the ethanol 
blending program and by 2025 it is to be 20% and where grain based ethanol 
will also make a sizable part. I think the investment in the grain based 
distilleries are happening on that account. So we see this 8.5% or 9% which is 
the present state has to go in next three years to that level. There is a progress 
happening on that side and as the new ethanol policy will come in November 
we will see but more or less the policy will be on the broad guidelines given by 
the government last year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we take one last 
question from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
My question is just the clarification if the mix of on trade is higher versus off 
trade that would be more profitable as a business right? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
The on trade is always less profitable compared to the off trade because there 
we have to spend a lot of money on visibility and everything it is more for 
visibility and to drive your off trade business. So the margins are less than 
compared to off trade. 
Nikhil: 
As we are going into the premium brands you had launched your premium 
brands and as we have to increase their presence in the on trade channel side 
would you say there would be more promotional cost and everything can go 
up? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Our ad spend would be in the range of about 7% of our IMFL net sales revenue 
that we will be maintaining that. 
Nikhil: 
With three brands and as we are trying to enter into the on trade channel 
would we require some more promotions incremental higher promotions 
because there are incumbent brands which are companies with like a larger 
basket of brands that is where I am trying to come to? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Eventually to see in the turnover side our new brands are going to grow and 
second is it is quite small in terms of the total revenue of the company so 
overall 7% would be what our spend should be on marketing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you Ashit and once again thanks to all for joining us on this call today. 
As we have continued to deliver upon our premiumization strategy which is 
reflected in strong P&A volume growth during quarter. The launch of two new 
luxury brands is very exciting. It will be a key future growth driver. There has 
been a short-term margin pressure due to the commodity inflation but we are 
confident of maintaining our medium to long-term margin expansion 
trajectory, given the premiumization of our portfolio. Radico Khaitan has 

 
 
  
 
18 | Page  
 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
robust brand portfolio and have continued to invest behind our bands. The 
company has a strong balance sheet and cash generation which provides us 
ability to invest behind our strategic growth plans.  
We look forward to interacting with you in our next earnings call and other 
engagements. In the meantime, any queries please follow up on our mail or 
calling to our IR team. Thank you. Stay safe and healthy. Thanks to everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Emkay Global Financial 
Services that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
