Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd. Office: Godrej One, 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar, 
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai – 400 079. India 
Tel.: + 91-22-6169 8500 
Fax: + 91-22-6169 8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
 
 
November 08, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: - BSE - Scrip Code: 533150, Scrip ID - GODREJPROP  
       BSE- Security Code - 959822 – Debt Segment 
          NSE Symbol - GODREJPROP 
 
Sub: - Transcript & Audio Recording of the conference call with the Investors/ Analysts 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We enclose herewith transcript of the conference call with the Investors/ Analysts held on 
Tuesday, November 02, 2021. 
 
Further, the Company has uploaded the Audio Recording of the conference call with the 
Investors/ Analysts for the benefit of members at large and the same can be accessed at 
https://www.godrejproperties.com/investor/financials-presentations 
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
 
Surender Varma 
Company Secretary & Chief Legal Officer 
 
Enclosed as above 
 

 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Q2-FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of 
Godrej Properties Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call please signal and operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR, India. Thank you. 
And over to you sir. 
Anoop Poojari 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej Properties Q2FY22 
Results Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Pirojsha Godrej - Executive Chairman; Mr. Mohit Malhotra - 
Managing Director and CEO and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat - CFO of the Company. We 
would like to begin the call with opening remarks from the management following 
which we have the forum open for an interactive Question and Answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call, 
maybe forward-looking in nature. And a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Pirojsha to make his opening remarks. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties 2nd Quarter 
Financial Year 2022 Conference Call. I will begin by discussing the highlights of the 
quarter and we then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions. 
I hope you and your families are staying safe and doing well. Fortunately, the past 
few months have seen a dramatic reduction in the severity of the pandemic. There 
has been strong progress in vaccinations across the country and at Godrej 
Properties over 98% of our employees have had at least one vaccine dose. The 
economic recovery also seems to be gaining pace with the real estate sector being 
an important beneficiary. The process of consolidation that has been underway in 
the sector for some time, gained momentum during the pandemic, and stronger 
developers are rapidly gaining market share. 

 
Page 2 of 9 
 
After a weak start to the financial year, due to the severity of the second wave, I am 
pleased to share that Godrej Properties has bounced back strongly in the second 
quarter. Our sales during this period stood at more than 5x the previous quarter, 
backed by an excellent response to our new launches and healthy sustained sales. 
The total value of bookings in the second quarter stood at Rs. 2,574 crore, up 140% 
year-on-year and was achieved through the sale of 3,026 homes with a total area of 
3.61 million square feet. Our launches across the country performed very well, with 
launches in Noida recording sales in excess of 0.5 million square feet. Our Noida 
project, Godrej Woods saw sales of Rs. 584 crore in the launch of its Phase-II, 
making it one of the most success recent project launches in the country. 
With the ongoing festive season and our exciting launch pipeline for the second half, 
we are confident that this period will be exceptionally strong from a sales perspective. 
We also focused on opportunities to take price increases across our portfolio, both 
to offset commodity price inflation and to aid in margin expansion. And in fact, have 
already taken price increases in a majority of our projects. 
On the operations front, we continue to ramp up our workforce strength, which stood 
at 164% of our pre-COVID strength as of the end of September. As a result 
construction activity is progressing well, and we expect to deliver a significant 
number of projects over the next 12 months. 
Since we did not deliver any project in the second quarter, our accounting revenues 
were muted at Rs. 290 crore while our adjusted EBITDA stood at Rs. 107 crore and 
net profit stood at Rs. 36 crore. However, operationally it was a strong quarter with 
robust net operating cash flow of Rs. 426 crore. Our entire team was also proud to 
be recognized for the second consecutive year as a Global Leader in ESG 
Performance by the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark. 
From a business development perspective, we added a new redevelopment project 
in Wadala, in Mumbai, which offers a saleable area of approximately 1.6 million 
square feet. The project is in very close proximity to Matunga, Five Gardens and we 
expect it to be launched next financial year and to be able to generate revenue well 
in excess of Rs. 3,000 crore. 
Given the business development pipeline where we have a large number of 
advanced stage discussion, we expect significant project additions in the second half 
of the year. We also exited two of our project in MMR, which were Godrej Sky and 
Sundar Sangam, due to multiple issues with the joint venture partner being unable 
to perform their obligations. 
Our debt-free balance sheet provides us the opportunity to significantly expand our 
development portfolio. Our focus over these next few quarters will be to add high 
quality new projects to our portfolio, while substantially increasing our sales through 
the launch of a large number of new projects across the country. We believe this will 
allow us to capitalize on the new opportunity of improving sectoral demand and rapid 
consolidation. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. Thank you all for joining us on the call, we 
would now be happy to discuss any questions, comments or suggestions you may 
have. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the Question-and-Answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Puneet 
My first question is actually on the joint venture. If I look back to last six quarters, one 
would have thought that COVID period would throw up a lot more opportunities in 
joint development. We haven't seen as many deals getting concluded by you. Any 
color, you can give on what's happening there? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Sure, I think, it's more of a timing issue as we see it. I think the deal pipeline has 
been healthy. We are focusing disproportionately on fairly large, impactful deals. So, 
I think the Wadala redevelopment, for example, we think is one such deal with Rs. 
3,000 to Rs. 3,500 crore of revenue likely from that. So, I think even a few deals of 
this scale can be quite meaningful for us. And I think that's the primary focus. But we 
agree that the reported deal numbers over the last six-eight months have been very 
underwhelming. But I don't think we are seeing it as a cause for concern, we have 
visibility on kind of advanced stage discussions, and likely closures over the next few 
months. So, hopefully, we can have a very strong second half that’s the expectation 
as of now. 
Puneet 
And any color on whether the nature of deals have changed in anyway, where you 
are getting higher, upfront, share of cash or anything of that nature? Or are you 
targeting more land-based deals? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I think we are looking again to what we would describe as sort of higher impact 
deals, deals with net profit potential of Rs. 300 crore plus, that's not to say that we 
will only do such deal, I think we remain open to all opportunities that provide at least 
Rs. 100 crore net profits. But I think the shift has been towards deals where we think 
the total economic impact can be larger for the company and those typically will be, 
of course also projects where the capital commitment will be commensurately larger. 
Puneet 
My second question is on the sales within the region. So, Mumbai, NCR, Pune, have 
all been good. But I think Bangalore sales are yet to reach a place where you should 
be. Any special efforts you are putting there or is Bangalore market generally more 
competitive? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think if we had to do a ranking of our relative performance in each region from a 
scale perspective, I think we would probably say that we have done pretty well in 
NCR and Pune over the last couple of years, in scaling up the sales volumes there. 
And I think in both Mumbai and Bangalore, we would say there is a lot of opportunity 
to do better given the scale and opportunity in the market. I don't think it's an 
execution problem, because if you look at sort of unsold inventory to launched 
inventory in Bangalore could be at a very healthy level. So, I think the project that we 
are bringing to market are doing well. And we are not seeing any concerns. 
I think the challenges we haven't brought as many projects as we should have, to 
market. In Bangalore, particularly, we do have a couple of new launches lined up 
over the next few months, so I think that will help boost numbers. In Mumbai, we 
have a lot of exciting projects in the pipeline. I think it's all about bringing those to 
market now and also adding more projects in both of those cities. But I think it's, from 
our perspective, more an issue of we haven't had enough active projects in the cities 
rather than any concern with the sales to rate or performance of projects that we 
have brought to market. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha 
First question is on pricing, you already mentioned that you have taken a few price 
hikes, during the quarter. Can you detail a bit which markets are doing better? What 
is the average portfolio price looking right now? 

 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think it's still relatively modest price increases that have been taken, so I would say 
probably low to mid-single digit across most projects. But I think given commodity 
price inflation, I think that focus on doing this across the board and intensify it over 
the last month. But it’s nothing as of now that’s very sharp price increase or anything 
like that, because we do want to balance the need to ensure margin expansion with 
you know that we just continue to sell strong volume in this market. 
But our sense is that pricing trajectory that the residential market on is fairly upwards 
and we think next year, the industry as a whole, and certainly us as well, we will likely 
see more meaningful price increases. But I would say, as of now, it's low to mid-
single digits and pretty much across all markets. 
Abhinav Sinha 
And just hear a bit on your philosophy as well on sell through. So, for example, in 
Noida, we almost had 70% to 80% sort of sellouts, now back to back between March 
and September, could you have say taken up 5% to 7% higher price and still sold a 
reasonable amount, is that something you would like to pursue now? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
That’s exactly what we did so the Phase-II was sold in a 5% higher price than the 
Phase-I, and fortunately saw very good volume, despite that price hike. Look, I think 
it's always a fine balance on pricing, you obviously want to price as good a price as 
we get. But we are quite clear that we don't want to sell very low volumes during the 
construction phase, because we think that become a self-defeating kind of strategy, 
as you then have to invest a lot in construction or interest costs go up. But I think 
that perceived margin expansion on having very high prices that don't really effects 
sales at launch, actually doesn't play out as per the plan according to us. 
So, I think we do want to see, 50% to 70% of sales in our launch phases, relatively 
early in the days, so that the project become self-funding from a cash flow 
perspective. And I think remember in pricing increases both at the project levels, and 
certainly at company level, we have a very large portfolio to benefit on those price 
increases so for example, even this Noida project, while we sold something like Rs. 
1,100 to Rs. 1,200 crore in the project, over the last six, seven months, it's still only 
the first two phases, we have only sold roughly a million square feet of well over 2 
million square feet project. So, I think even as the project level there is significant 
upcoming inventory, but certainly at the company level, prices move up sharply. I 
think there will be a large number of projects in which we can benefit on that. 
Abhinav Sinha 
You have about 11 million square feet of launch pipeline now for the second half, 
what's a reasonable, sort of success rate to assume, I mean, say 60% to 70% of that 
pool should be launch, and/or any sort of project, say in Ashok Vihar or a large one 
which can come relatively soon. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I think Ashok Vihar is clearly one we are probably most excited about, in terms 
of the upcoming launches. And we certainly hope to get that done probably not this 
quarter, but early next quarter. Look, I think all the projects that, none of these have 
100% regulatory approval, otherwise, we would have launched them. At the same 
time, our best estimate currently is that all of these will get regulatory approvals in 
time for a March launch, over end of March or before launch. I think our experience 
is that typically we have 15-16 projects, three or four of them do end up slipping out 
of period, given regulatory delays. So, hopefully we don't have that this time, but I 
think we have enough projects lined up that even if that happens, we think the second 
half of the financial year will be probably the best ever six months for the company, 
from a sales perspective. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Akhtar Qazi from Edelweiss 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi 
So, two questions from my side. First, with regards to the deals that we are looking 
on the business development side, have we seen any changes on the land prices 
front I mean considering the deals, have we witnessed a phenomenon of that maybe 
the landowners are asking for maybe better terms compared to let's say, what was 
the situation a year back. And second is, I mean it's possible to give some color 
about the projects that led to revenue recognition within this quarter? 
Mohit Malhotra 
On the land front we haven't really seen a major shift in landowner behavior or 
expectations. It's largely remained very similar to what the trend was over the last 
few quarters. 
Rajendra Khetawat 
Parvez what was your question? 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi 
Which were the projects that led to revenue recognition within this quarter? 
Rajendra Khetawat 
So, revenue recognition, we are expecting two plotted deal to go into revenue 
recognition this financial year, one is Faridabad. Nothing has come into the past 
quarter. Q2 there was no recognition OC, only in Q1 there was Elements One Tower 
which has received. Q2 there is no OC which has come in. But going forward, we 
are expecting two plotted deals to come in for revenue recognition. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We move on to the next question from the line of Girish Choudhary from 
Spark Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Girish Choudhary 
Firstly, on the cash flow front, how are we looking at an operating level for the 
remainder of the year, considering your balance collections and construction 
schedule? So, this quarter, it was Rs. 426 crore. Can we see the scaling up 
meaningfully for the remainder of the year like in the range of Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 
800 crore? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I don't think we want to give any guidance on cash flows. But certainly, if we draw 
out the collections profile of the company over the next five, six quarters we will see 
quite sharply increased collections over that period. I don't think we want to give any 
specific guideline on operating cash flows to the rest of the year, but we do expect it 
will be healthy. 
Girish Choudhary 
And secondly, while you did share the planned launches, which is 11 million square 
feet during the remainder of the year, just wanted to get a sense on what’s the current 
unsold inventory levels you have, just to assess, in case if the launch shift due to 
regulatory approvals can the sustenance sales take care of the growth part. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
We have roughly about one year’s worth of sales available for preferential sale, so I 
think that's a healthy level to look at. Our unsold inventory to launch the inventory 
percentage is actually the lowest it's ever been for the company. But I think the 
absolute inventory available for sale is quite healthy. But also I think even again, if 
some of the launches get postponed for any reason, we do have a very strong 
pipeline for the second half of the year. So, I think even factoring in some delays, we 
don’t expect launches to be low in the second half. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Tayal from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tayal 
Pirojsha, my first question was, I was just hoping to get some more color around, 
how intense can the capital deployment or business development opportunity look 
like in the coming 6 to 12 months. And if that would afford a chance to sort of, maybe 
increase the skew in favor of Mumbai and Bangalore. 

 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I think, we certainly expect to see much higher rates of business development 
in the next 6 months as compared to the last 6 or 8 months. And I would say that 
within the four markets were we are disproportionately focused on Mumbai and 
Bangalore, in both we have a healthy pipeline. So, hope to see significant closures 
in both of those markets. And as I said, also, I think some of the, one in sort of the 
number of deals and I do think it's important to ensure a strong number of view, 
because that would indicate that we are entering new micro-markets, expanding the 
number of projects in which we can sell simultaneously. But it's also important to 
ensure the impact of the deals that where we are doing is going up. So, for example, 
again, this Mumbai, what we announced, we do see as a relatively high impact deal. 
So, yes, I think both we should expect to see the quantum of the deals go up. The 
focus on Bombay and Bangalore, hopefully yield results and some more impactful 
projects getting added as well. 
Kunal Tayal 
And then the second one was just a bookkeeping question, broadly of the $1 billion 
of deployable cash that you currently have. What could be the development value 
against the same, should we assume as 6x to 7x, as an indicative range? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I think that's probably fair, I think, 6x to 7x on the deployment is roughly what 
one should expect whatever key value. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samar Sarda from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Samar Sarda 
One bookkeeping question, Rajendra revenue recognized for the quarter, was from 
which projects like we understand that no projects were completed during the 
quarter. So, which unsold inventory got sold a rough breakup could help. 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
There are various small projects, some in Ahmedabad, some in Trees there are 
some portion of TDR we sold. So, there are various small projects and unsold 
inventory got sold. So, that's how the total stacks up. And then obviously, there is a 
DM fees which is part of an operating income which keeps coming across the 
projects. 
Samar Sarda 
Okay, and Pirojsha, on the business development part, like you have already 
answered it a couple of times. If we have to put a timeline to the deployment of the 
Rs 37 billion we raised in the fourth quarter, could we safely say like, within the next 
three or probably four quarters, the entire amount might be deployed? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I would hope that within next calendar year, we will fully deploy at least the equity 
component of that, and certainly again I think the idea is not just to deploy equity, I 
think we can, we have the balance sheet to build against that. But yes, I think we are 
looking, this is a big priority for the company. So, hopefully, very significant 
momentum can be demonstrated on this over the next three, four quarters. 
Samar Sarda 
And since you mentioned about the gearing part, and the balance sheet, like the net 
gearing is pretty low, debt has been going up slightly, probably using the debt for the 
projects. So, this Rs. 45 billion odd absolute gross debt number, what are the levels 
you will be comfortable from an absolute debt perspective on the balance sheet? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think the way we have looked at it is, I think anything up to one is to one gearing, 
we are relatively comfortable. So, that would imply roughly Rs. 1,000 crore of capital 
that could be deployed. I think, given the enhanced size of the balance sheet, maybe 
we would have a slight conservative buyers to going all the way up to one is to one. 
But nothing has made really change, I think we still have that billion dollar plus of 
capital that we can deploy over these next few quarters. 

 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal 
Institutional Research. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth 
So, my question is on cash flows, firstly, I think last two quarters, we have really 
ramped up the execution part. So, we have seen around Rs. 700 crore of 
construction spends in last two quarters. In terms of collections, how we can see that 
moving going forward, and considering last year, majority of our sales also had 
happened with some deferred payment schemes. So, how is the trajectory that we 
see going forward from here on in terms of selection? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think it will be a sharp upward trajectory is our sense. So, I think this year it should 
be 30% to 40% higher than last year, and next year should similarly be 30% to 40%, 
at least higher than then this year. So, as you rightly pointed out, I think there are a 
couple of things, I think this one is, for some sales, for example, in first quarter of last 
year, a significant number of sales were done under deferred payment plans. So, I 
think a lot of those collections will be happening over the next few quarters. Equally, 
we are going to be launching a lot of new projects, I think the overall scale of bookings 
of the company, we expect to grow considerably over the next couple of years. So, 
all of that we do think will lead to much higher collections. And I think growth rate 
that it's probably safe to assume for these next couple of years is probably in the 
range of 30% to 40%, over last year’s number. 
Pritesh Sheth 
Sure. So, we should see improvements happening from Q3 onwards or maybe Q4 
onwards? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I think, it’s hard to, I don't have off hand the exact number, quarter-by-quarter. But 
yes, I think that trajectory should be clearly upward, depending on when some 
projects complete. And you get a larger tranche of collections related to that there 
will be some quarterly moment, but I think overall, should be trending significantly 
higher. 
Pritesh Sheth 
And on the business development. So, any market that we see a challenge to do 
business development deal, specifically like in Bangalore, some market, I think 
somewhat we are hearing that a local larger developers are still comfortable in terms 
of adding business deals. So, are we facing any challenge in that market? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
No, I don’t think so, I think there is no market where is no competition and that we 
have to only game in town or something like that. So, I don't think that's probably a 
reasonable expectation to have. But overall, if you look at it, in each market, there 
probably only a handful of developers that have both the execution capability and 
the balance sheet to support deal acquisition. So, I think competition within this set 
of top four - five developers in each city is going to be a feature to stay, I don't think 
that, any, I think most of the leading players in each market have fixed the balance 
sheet, have the execution capability to deliver. So, we will be looking to add projects. 
We feel pretty good about our ability to compete head-on with any set of developers 
in each of these markets, I think the brand is good for joint ventures. We feel we have 
a distinct advantage with people wanting to partner with us. And with the balance 
sheet today, we can also compete for transactions that are outright, if we see value 
in them. 
So, yes, there is of course competition. But I don't think the competitive intensity is 
very high at the moment. The vast majority of the sector continues to be relatively 
struggling with liquidity issues. The uptick in sales has been visible across all the 
stronger player we don't think is equally evident, for the industry as a whole. And 
there are large numbers of developers who are still struggling with sales and 

 
Page 8 of 9 
 
therefore looking for opportunities to monetize the land bank. So, I think overall, we 
remain quite confident on the business development prospects. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Gandhi, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Gandhi 
My first question is a micro project wise. So, Hinjewadi, Pune, which we are 
launching in the next few quarters. Why, we are just launching 0.4 million where the 
project size is 10 million, the IT is booming, and we are doing so well in Godrej Hill 
Retreat. So, I was just wondering that. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Mohit, you want to take this. 
Mohit Malhotra 
Thanks Manish, the way we look at this first project both Hinjewadi and Mahalunge, 
we look at it as one project. And right now the focus is to continuously launch projects 
in Mahalunge, which is the Godrej Hill Retreat project, and have seen how strong 
the sales have been in this project. We would like to launch Hinjewadi later, of 
course, we will launch a big phase, but at a much higher pricing. So, right now focus 
is on Mahalunge. And if you see the Quarter 2 launch also, we sold close to Rs. 400 
crore in our recent launch. And we would like to continue to sell that first. 
Manish Gandhi 
No it is given in the presentation that we will be launching Hinjewadi 1 and 0.42 
million. So, that's why I was confused in the new project launch. 
Mohit Malhotra 
Yes, I think that was maybe a small phase we would have planned. But as of now, 
the idea is to continue the Mahalunge launch. We may launch a small phase if it 
comes, but the likelihood is more on Mahalunge side, right now. 
Manish Gandhi 
And the second question is a broad question. See now the real estate market is 
picking up so well in all the big developers so the major developers have good cash 
flow. So, they are also now launching many projects and going to launch. So, our 
differentiation in competitive advantage, one was launches and the other was of 
course, timely delivery, the gap is getting narrower. So, what next we are doing to 
maintain our competitive edge. So, as Jeff Bezos said, “The Customer Delight” or 
yesterday's wow become today's normal, so what else we are doing? I have one 
suggestion, I don't know whether you guys have, do you guys look at something like, 
tie up with the Live Space or something like that, online interior, I don't know. But I 
would like to hear from you. 
Mohit Malhotra 
Yes I think, you have rightly pointed out Manish that, as the industry matures, some 
of these differentiators might become less in terms of differentiation, although I still 
feel, sales is something and business development is something which is a strong 
differentiator for us as organization. But we were thinking about this question almost 
two - three years back, as an organization. And we have identified customer centricity 
as a key differentiator for the brand. 
In fact, we worked on focus which we have been unwilling, essentially about bringing 
everyday joys to our customers. Over the last four years, there has been intense 
focus on improving the customer satisfaction, which we measure through a score 
called Net Promoter Score. And we have seen it going from a single digit to as high 
as closer to, 50 plus, over the last four years. So, overall as an organization, we want 
to be the most customer-centric organization and create ‘wow’ for our customers, 
both at the time of the whole experience of buying and three years of preposition and 
also, once they come into our societies and live, they should experience a completely 
different lifestyle in our home. So, that is something we have been very focused and 

 
Page 9 of 9 
 
working on over the last three - four years. And I think that will be the long term 
differentiation for the organization. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Zaveri from Dhruv Gems. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Zaveri 
So, my particular question was regarding the Mumbai region. Any particular reason 
why we are a little slow in selling our projects like the Chembur one and the 
Chandivali one, because other regions that I am seeing, the NCR, Pune, Bangalore 
whenever you are launching almost you are selling like 70% to 80% of the launch 
inventory, or any particular reason we are going on higher margins because we own 
those two projects. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I think its more a question of, I think these are both relatively high priced 
inventory, which tends to be a little bit more steady but slow sales. And two on both 
of these projects, we have launched at quite a premium to the market, because we 
know that the project sizes are relatively small, both of these four or five lakh square 
feet kind of project. So, I think the focus has been on ensuring strong margins. And 
we are not overly concerned about being able to sell those volumes over the life of 
the project. 
Himanshu Zaveri 
Another question on Mumbai, only. So, next, if you want the company to go on the 
next level of sales, and all, so we all know that other three regions are doing very 
well, so particularly in Mumbai, we have to concentrate more on the deals and all, I 
think we have a lot of deals in the pipeline, already we have projects. And now the 
execution and the sales have to be there for the Mumbai region to do very well, right? 
Pirojsha Godrej 
Yes, I think of course we will have to execute all of these projects we are adding. I 
do think that some of the challenges has been not having enough projects in the 
market. So, I think we have been trying to address that, over the last couple of years 
with the development. Mumbai projects, particularly things like redevelopment do 
tend to take a little bit longer from a regulatory approvals and time to launch 
perspective. But I think we are very confident of seeing the scale of our Mumbai 
business increase sharply over the next year or two. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej 
I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further 
questions or would like any additional information, we will be happy to be on the 
system. We would like to take this opportunity to wish all of you a very Happy and 
Prosperous Diwali. On behalf of all of us at GPL thank you for taking your time to join 
us today. All the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Godrej Properties Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
