:* 
(s) SAGAR CEMENTS LIMITED
-
SCL:SEC:NSE:BSE:2021-22 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SAGfEM 
Series: EQ 
Dear Sirs 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip eode: 502090 
Sub: Conference Call on Q2 and FY 22 financial results 
8th November 2021 
We are forwarding herewith the transcription of the Conference Call held by us on 28th October, 
2021 in connection with the recently announced un-audited stand-alone and consolidated 
financial results for the second quarter and half-year ended 30th September, 2021. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Sagar Cements Limited 
Registered Office : Plot No. 111, Road No. I 0,jubilee Hills, Hyderabad - 500033,Telangana, India. 
Phone: +9 l -40-23351571, 23356572 
Fax: +91-40-23356573 
E-mail: info@sagarcements.in Website: www.sagarcements.in 
Factories: Mattampally. Via Huzurnagar, Suryapet-District,Telangana - 508204. Phone : 08683 - 247039 
Bayyavaram Village, Kasimkota Mandal, Visakhapatnam District, Andhra Pradesh - 531031. Phone : 08924-244550 Fax : 08924-244570 
CIN : L26942TG 1981 PLC002887 
GSTIN : 36AACCS8680H I ZZ 

 
- 1 - 
Sagar Cements Limited 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 28, 2021 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you all to the Q2 FY 22 results 
conference call of Sagar Cements Limited. We have with us from the management Mr. 
S Sreekanth Reddy, Joint Managing Director, Mr. K. Prasad, CFO, Mr. Rajesh Singh, 
Chief Marketing Officer and Mr. R. Soundarajan, the company secretary. I would now 
like to hand over the floor to Mr. Gavin Desa of CDR for his opening remarks and then 
we can move on to the concall. Over to you, Gavin 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day everyone and a warm welcome to Sagar Cements’ Q2 FY22 
Analyst and Investor Conference Call. Manish has already introduced the senior 
management on the call. 
We will begin this conference call with opening remarks from the management 
following which we will have the floor open for an interactive Q&A session. Before we 
begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's discussions may 
be forward-looking in nature and a note to that effect was stated in the con call invite 
sent to you earlier. We trust you have had a chance to go through the result 
communications and documents. 
I would now like to handover to Mr. Sreekanth Reddy for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, Sreekanth. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you Gavin. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Sagar Cements’ earnings 
call for the quarter ended September 30, 2021.   
Let me begin the discussion with a brief overview of the market – in terms of demand 
and pricing trends post which I will move on to Sagar specific developments. 
Demand and subsequent volumes remained steady across our key markets during the 
quarter. Pick up in housing and infrastructure activities helped us to sustain the volume 
momentum during the quarter. In terms of the overall sales mix, non-trade demand 
was healthy as various central government infra projects gathered momentum. Trade 

 
- 2 - 
sales were expectedly a bit low, owing to the heavy rains across most parts of the 
country and very specific to the markets that we operate. Realisations as well were 
relatively steady across our key markets. However, we were compelled to undertake 
price revisions to offset the impact of significantly rising input prices. Resumption of 
economic activities, conclusion of the monsoon season and subsiding of the Covid 
cases should result in improving the overall pricing environment and also the demand. 
Going ahead, we remain positive on the business and believe the steady demand from 
housing, industrial and infrastructure provides strong visibility both in terms of 
demand as well as the pricing trajectory. 
Moving on to Sagar specific developments, we are pleased with our performance 
during the quarter, wherein we delivered a healthy revenue growth of 13% over the 
previous year. Revenue growth was largely owing to the strong underlying demand in 
housing and infrastructure activities across our key markets. Realisations as well, were 
largely stable on the back of steady demand. Operating profit margins during the 
quarter were expectedly on the lower side given the sharp surge witnessed in the key 
raw materials and also one of events like, we actually have undertaken the 
maintenance activity across the units that we have during this time.  As guided earlier, 
prices of pet coke, coal, diesel continued their significant up-trend in turn denting the 
overall profitability of the business. While price hikes were announced by most of the 
industry players, the extent of the price revisions weren’t commensurate enough to 
help offset the overall impact of the input prices so far. However, we are able to 
minimize part of the pain owing to our prudent cost management and procurement 
policy.  
Moving on to operational highlights, another positive development was that, On 
October 27, 2021 i.e., yesterday, Satguru Cement Private Limited, (subsidiary of the 
Company) has commenced the clinkerization process at its newly implemented 
integrated cement plant of 1 MTPA capacity in Madhya Pradesh. As informed earlier 
the cement grinding & the dispatches commenced on August 15, 2021. This along with 
Odisha project which is expected to be commissioned by middle of December 2021, 
will not only help us improve our volume growth during second half of the current 
financial year, but will also help us in rationalizing our freight expenses and diversifying 
our sales outside our existing markets.     
Average power & fuel cost stood at Rs. 1,313 per ton as against Rs. 844 per ton 
reported during Q2 FY21. Elevated prices of coal and pet coke resulted in higher per 
ton cost of fuel for the quarter. Freight cost for the quarter stood at Rs. 795 per ton as 
against Rs. 769 per ton during Q2 FY21. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 21 
crores, as against profit of Rs. 50 crores reported during Q2 FY21. 

 
- 3 - 
What we would like to state here is, there has been a policy change for us, we are no 
more considering the incentives, part of our P&L, and at the same time making the 
provisions for the past, because of receipt of the incentives are not been upto the mark 
in terms of timeliness, so we started making the provisions appropriately in this regard. 
From an operational point of view Mattampally plant operated at 51% utilization level 
while Gudipadu and Bayyavaram plants operated at 80% and 57% respectively during 
the quarter. 
As far as the key balance sheet items are concerned the gross debt as on 30th 
September 2021 stood at Rs. 914 crores out of which Rs. 774 crores as a long-term 
debt and the remaining constitutes the working capital. The net worth of the company 
on a consolidated basis as on 30th September 2021 stood at Rs. 1,334 crores. Debt 
equity ratio stands at 0.58:1. Cash and bank balances were at Rs. 128 crores as on 30th 
September 2021.  
That concludes my opening remarks. We would now be glad to take any questions that 
you may have. Thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, we will wait for a moment for the question que to assemble anyone who 
has a question, they can signal by raise of hands. We have the first question from 
Shravan Shah. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Hi sir. So, firstly, a couple of things first, why we were confident that we will be Odisha 
unit, we will be starting by September and now we are postponing by almost a quarter. 
So, what are we trying to time it and what's Why the delay and I think most of the 
capex is done. So, why the delay? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, good morning, I think the delay is primarily because of this strong situation that 
actually happened. So that hampered during the monsoon. Yeah, we could not work 
for 15 days. The site is almost ready. So, I don't think that there should be any further 
delay than what we have already indicated. The last finishing works which were more 
outside, yeah we could not progress as per the plan, because the monsoon impact was 
very very severe, but for that, the entire plant is already needs reasonably complete 
shape, barring a few small minor works that have to happen on the clinker silo top and 
as well as the cement silo top, we could not progress because of the monsoon. Yeah, 
those are all the finishing works that are there and we have cautiously indicated middle 
of December, but we are more than hopeful that by end of this month, we should be 
in a good shape to commence the operations itself. 
Shravan Shah: 
So in terms of the volume guidance that we were saying 3.6, So any downward revision 
to that? 

 
- 4 - 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No sir, I think we are reasonably sure of the outlook, the volume outlook still remains 
at 3.6. Yes, just for your distinct. We have already done 1.73 million for the first half. 
So 3.6 is definitely doable is what we strongly think. So outlook remains same. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yeah. So now on the pricing and the cost upfront so how much till now in October, we 
have taken a price hikes and how much more needed and on the cost front also. So 
everybody knows the Pet coke, coal situation. So how much more at our level in terms 
of per tonne, we can see a further increase. So that's the other question. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. Now, coming back to the cost side, there are two elements one is the diesel price 
hike. I think that so far from a quarter to quarter, I think there has been a 4 to 4.5 
percent rise in the diesel price hike, that got impacted even on the freight side. So, if 
the trend lines remain, so, freight is expected to move up by in a similar kind of a band. 
Now, more specifically on the thermal side. For us, if you have seen, we ended up using 
the entire imported coal that has been with us in the inventory. So we are no more left 
with the imported coal and we are not doing any procurement action on the imported 
coal side. Yeah we continue to use the pet coke if you have seen in the last quarter, 
yeah, we ended up almost at 60% Pet coke. So, going into the Q3, we believe that pet 
coke will come down to 50% and the coal would be the balance and majorly it would 
be domestic, I think we are expecting the domestic coal to be anywhere between 40 
to 45%. Mostly on the power and fuel costs, we are we are expecting from Q2 to Q3, 
an increase of only 50 rupees. Primary reason being that we are fully switching over to 
the domestic coal sir, yeah, we are fully done procurement for the Q3. So the impact 
is only on the pet coke side. For us there is not much of an impact so far on the 
domestic coal. So the domestic coal usage, we believe that the potential increase on 
the power and fuel is going to be only 50 rupees from Q2 to Q3 and if similar trend 
continues on the domestic coal, likely that we might still end up with a 50 rupees 
increase from Q3 to Q4 is what we think. But that again depends on the diesel price 
movement sir, because freight, the inward freight is also going to play a role on the 
overall kind of landed costs of the Coal. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, on the pricing front, how much we have taken a price hikes and how much more 
are needed. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, I think how much more is needed, I think the sky is the limit sir, let me address 
what we have achieved so far. From the exit price of September to the current month. 
Yeah, Bangalore, we could increase by 45 to 50 rupees per bag, Chennai has been 35 
to 40, Hyderabad has been 40 to 45, Vizag is 35 to 40, Sholapur is around 40 rupees, 
even Pune though it's a very small market for us. Yeah, the increase is at 40 rupees. 
Yeah, this effectively on a net basis, sir, would have covered the potential kind of a cost 
pass through so far that has happened. Any cost increase from here on should help us 

 
- 5 - 
go back to a better margin kind of a regime. But with this price increase, we are more 
or less again, I'm specifically talking of Sagar because of the domestic coal availability. 
With this price increase, Yeah, it's kind of an effective pass through. Our struggle is only 
on the freight side. Sir, I think from here on, the price increase should be directly 
proportional to the freight cost increases and the fuel cost increases from here on. we 
have been reasonably successful to cover the ground so far and we hope and wish that 
the power and fuel costs don’t move up beyond what they have already done. With 
that hope, we more or less could cover the escalation on the power and fuel side, the 
other inflationary things, we are hoping that should be covered with the potential price 
increases that are likely to happen going forward. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, last clarification on the pledge shares and debt guidance that we were saying 
around net debt of 800 odd crores. So are we maintaining that? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir. I think our stance has been very clear that we would still be maintaining our 
net debt sub 800. Now very specifically to the pledge share, sir, I think it's part of the 
promoter family, not the core promoter family. Yeah, for their own personal 
requirement, they have pledged, it is not from the core promoters, it is an extended 
family of the promoters. 
Shravan Shah:  
Okay, Thank you and all the best sir. 
Sreekanth Reddy:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Mangesh Bhadang, please go ahead. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Hello, sir.  My question is on the debt side again. So the peak debt you had mentioned, 
I think 800 to 850 crores and we are closer to that and just before the board meeting, 
I think you had tried to pass on a resolution for increase in debt or issuing the debt. So 
the purpose of that, for the repayment this year. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mangesh Yeah, we don't borrow debt to repay the debt. Let me as a policy clearly state 
that the primary purpose of potential debt increase is primarily to augment the 
potential kind of acquisition and, and forward capex, if any, and these are of minor 
nature, sir. I mean, it's an ongoing thing that we keep doing it. Yeah, the idea of raising 
debt is not to repay the existing debt. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
So this was not for the existing capex. It was for the future one, that's the thing. 
Sreekanth Reddy:  
Yes.  

 
- 6 - 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay and in terms of demand, sir, if you can just throw some light on demand, 
specifically in AP & Telangana, how it is shaping up? So what are your expectations in 
the second half and overall growth in FY22? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mangesh when it comes to the demand, I think as mentioned earlier, even in my 
opening remarks, the demand has been study, we struggled to service the demand 
during the Q2. The good news was that monsoon was heavy. But unfortunately, we 
could not service during that time, because of the number of rainy days and the 
quantum of rain that we have received in the footprint areas of our market was very, 
very strong. So we could not service the entire demand, demand has been fairly steady. 
Our problem with the government demand, especially in Andhra and to some extend 
in Telangana has been extremely strong. Our only concern was about the payment 
related issues on the government side. So once that get eased up, we are reasonably 
confident of the demand outlook for these two states. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
And Sir lastly, you mentioned that given the usage of domestic coal, the incremental 
hike in power and fuel costs would be up to 50 rupees per tonne for you. And given 
the kind of price hike we have seen in October, you think that we can go back to say, 
closer to Q1 levels of EBITDA per tonne? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, I think our outlook indication still remains as what we have started with, we are 
confident that the volume outlook of 3.6 million is definitely achievable. And similarly 
above 1,000 rupees EBITDA per ton, we strongly think is possible. Because if you'd have 
seen, even the full H1, yeah, we are very close to that number. So I don't think there 
would be any change, any price hike from here on, we strongly believe, may not 
significantly alter the margins, but it should be a pass through in terms of the cost. 
Yeah, if you see the last year margin was close to around 31 to 32%. Yeah, we shall 
hope, we would be close to that. But can we increase the price to match up with that? 
I have my reservations. But I think good point is, I think our customers and the market 
is responding positively for any cost increases, I think the price is more or less aligned 
to ensure that it's a pass through. So that itself is a very good situation. So given that 
scenario, we are very sure that with this kind of a volume outlook our EBITDA, absolute 
EBITDA should be very close to of last year, that itself is not a bad number. But anything 
higher than that, I keep my fingers crossed. We are hoping for it. But I'll keep my fingers 
crossed. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay. Thanks a lot.  
Sreekanth Reddy:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the Amit Murarka, please go ahead. 

 
- 7 - 
Amit Murarka: 
Yeah, Hi, good afternoon. Just on power and fuel like, these have been kind of moving, 
see fluctuating a lot. So currently, is the pet coke cheaper than imported coal. After all 
this sharp jump. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, I think, Mr. Amit, I would strongly encourage you to look at slide 9 in our 
presentation, were we did indicate, the current level of pricing. In our case, it's not just 
the imported Pet Coke. But we do have the domestic pet coke available for us, see 
from this year. On a landed basis, the current pet coke is at $300. The imported coal is 
at 245 to $250. 
Amit Murarka: 
Also, like on this clinkerisation, that started so congratulations for meeting the 
timelines there. But like how was the like, situation on that front like given the way the 
costs are Central Market is obviously you have also been seen the flow of materials 
from someone Southern states. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I think, this is similar to the markets that we operate. Sir, I don't think it is something 
very different. Fortunately, the price hikes probably may not optically look like how it 
has been in the other markets that we service. But I think the current price increase 
should offset the cost increases also. 
Amit Murarka:  
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, the next questions from Indrajit Agarwal. Please go ahead. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Hi, Mr. Sreekanth, thank you for the opportunity, you mentioned that you will increase 
the proportion of domestic thermal coal. Sir, just want to check what kind of grades 
you're getting over there in terms of domestic thermal coal, and is it good enough to 
be used in our kilns. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, just to remind you, a few years back probably a decade back up to that time, we 
were not looking at any imported coal nor the pet coke sir, it was purely dependent on 
the Singareni coal that we were using it. unfortunately, the quality of the coal 
deteriorated over a period, but we had to do some adjustments to our mix designs. So, 
for the Q3, our outlook is that, it should be 50% domestic coal with the 50% of Pet 
coke. So, that is what our mix design is meant for, but our Kilns are capable of absorbing 
100% of this domestic coal also, because we have material which can, the mix design 
can be made to suit 100% of the domestic coal and primarily when we are talking about 
domestic coal, in our case, it's all Singareni. 

 
- 8 - 
Indrajit Agarwal:  
Sure, Thanks, that is helpful. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
of course, with Satguru getting operational, even there, we do have an FSA, that 
probably would be coming from the subsidiary of Coal India, but that could be a very 
small portion. We do have pet coke agreement even with the IOCL, Baroda. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Two more questions on power and fuels on my side. So what is the typical inventory 
that we maintain both for domestic and imported? Because you already have your 
entire coal booked for Q3? So is it more like three months or how should? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, usually our stated this thing is we look at 90 days as our inventory, but we could 
not move so much during the Q2 because we were not, we never had such a strong 
good feeling about the price increases. So, we did not go aggressively that got reduced 
to 60% and we ended up using the high cost imported coal. But as such, we have 60 
days forward kind of inventory when it comes to very specific to domestic coal, our 
idea is to take whatever comes by. So, we should go back to more than 90 days kind of 
inventory in due course of time. Q2 was tough, purely, because during the monsoon 
most of the collieries also could not supply at that point of time, because some of the 
you know it gets flooded and this season. And coupled with that, last one and half 
month, you know most of it got diverted to the power plants. Rightly so, the current 
inventory is at 60 days, but over the next few weeks, I think we should go back to the 
90-day kind of inventory position in various plants of ours.
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure, thank you. One last question. Several of your peers have increased the alternate 
fuel or green fuel usage, we are still at about 3% kind of energy,  
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mr. Indrajit, I would encourage you to look at our integrated report. See, it's not an 
apple to apple comparison sir, our disclosure is on TSR it is not on percentage of 
alternate fuel. So I think we are we are probably at par or better than most of my peers. 
And its long way. So we are more than hopeful that we should be surpassing all the 
best practices that can happen on that particular factor. See the compassion in our 
disclosure is on TSR, that is the thermal substitution rate or the equivalent is always a 
challenge because you end up using something which is of a lesser calorific value, but 
its voluminous as a percentage it looks very high. But the real metric there is to look at 
the TSR. 
Indrajit Agarwal:  
Sure, thank you very much. That's all from my side. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you sir.  
Moderator:  
Thank you The next question is from Mangesh. Please go ahead. 

 
- 9 - 
Mangesh: 
Sir, the question is on Andhra cement. So, in case if you have looked at that asset for 
acquisition purpose, just wanted to know your thoughts on the capacity the or the 
quality of assets and the limestone life that they have? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, let me put it like this Mr. Mangesh, we definitely looked at that asset with lot of 
interest. But unfortunately, the process did not suit us what they have initially started 
off. So we did not end up bidding for it. But I believe now that debt assignment has 
happened to one other ARC. Yeah, we are keenly looking at what is likely that is going 
to happen post that event, if it comes back into the market, we would definitely be 
very keen to relook at it. Now let me address the question that you've asked first about 
the quality of the asset. Yeah, the quality of the asset. It's a split location plant sir. So 
there is an integrated plant in Dachepalli. There is a grinding plant in vizag. Dachepalli 
unit, yeah part of the diligence, fortunately, we had a chance to visit and do the 
diligence tour in the first step. Yeah, the Dachaepalli unit is in a very, very good shape 
Sir, it's a very good quality asset. Of course, like any asset it needs, I think improvement 
is always a continuous process. So but as is, where is I think the asset is of a very very 
good quality, it roughly has around 150 to 180 million tons of limestone resources. A 
lot of investment went in the past, for it to be upgraded, might need some little 
investment for it to further get aligned. Going back to the other, it's a 1.55 to 1.6 million 
tonne clinkerisation unit, with the 1.8 million tonne grinding capacity, we see there is 
a good scope for some improvement there, with optimization itself and 
debottlenecking. The other asset is a vizag grinding station. It's a 0.8 million ton 
grinding station sir, it’s with ball mill. But the asset quality is good, though it's old, but 
it's a ball mill. So we cannot compare with the assets that we have, as you know that 
our assets are relatively new and a lot more sophisticated. From a vizag grinding 
perspective, Yeah, we may have to relook at and retrofit the asset to align with the 
quality of the asset that we generally target for but the Dachepalli unit which is the 
bigger of the asset, I think it's in a very very good shape. 
Mangesh: 
so, we already have a presence in the same region. So and with relatively lower 
utilization. So what would be the idea behind looking at that asset? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mangesh, it's a more a consolidation of the market. The asset comes at the right value, 
we would be very happy to get it, that has been the core aspect of it. Like any market 
we have been open for all the markets, the idea is we are only avoiding putting up a 
greenfield or brownfield for at least for next three years in south. So, if any asset is 
available in south we have been always keen. So, it was part of that thinking that we 
looked at this particular asset, the interest in that asset is subject to the cost of 
acquisition also Mr. Mangesh. 
Mangesh: 
Yeah, okay. Thanks a lot Sir. 

 
- 10 -
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, anyone who has a question, may please signal by raise of hands. The next 
question is from the Rishith Shah, please go ahead.  
Rishith Shah: 
Yes, sir. Sir, you said there is a plan shutdown and maintenance impact was during Q2 
So, can you just quantify how much impact was there in this current quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, the absolute impact is around rupees five crores. 
Rishith Shah:  
okay and sir since the new capacities has commissioned and another capacity is coming 
in the December quarter. So, have we seen some cost impact in the current quarter 
pre-operative expenses and so, just want to know that? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think it is aligned sir, I think it is perfectly aligned, because the commissioning just the 
clinker commissioning just happened, it is on dot in terms of our internal expectation. 
So, there has not been any changes in that regard as far as the Satguru, coming specific 
to Jajpur sir, the impact is very, very marginal, because most of the capex is done. So, 
there is a moratorium to balance it out. So, we are not expecting any major changes to 
happen on the capex side related, on the opex side for both these projects, it is very 
much in line and as per the plan. 
Rishith Shah: 
Q2 cost of production is 3,612 rupees. So, how much rise we expect in Q3 considering 
the fact that the current imported coal price on per kcal is 2.94 rupees as per your 
presentation and Q2 exit rate was 1.58. So there is almost an 80% increase. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mr. Rishith as I indicated, our estimation with the current inventory and the 
weighted average cost of power and fuels that we have, yeah we are expecting a 50 
rupees increase on the account of per tonne on the account of power and fuel from 
Q2 to Q3. Q2 was tough from a perspective of the operating leverage was very low and 
at the same time we ended up consuming the higher cost of fuel that is the entire 
imported coal we had to use, because we were aligning the mix design to suit with the 
50% pet coke and 50% domestic. So, we could not have made a recipe which was 
theoretically it was possible but technically it was difficult. So, we ended up using the 
high cost inventory during the Q2 itself. So, the very positive development is we are 
expecting only a 50 rupees’ potential increase for the Q3 on Q2 Sir on the account of 
power and fuel. We are better cost management to happen in Q3 versus Q2. 
Rishith Shah: 
Okay, and sir, as you said we have taken price hike of 40 to 45 rupees per bag in 
October month. So, can we expect 1,000 rupees EBITDA per tonne from next quarter 
onwards considering after taking the impact of cost increase? 

 
- 11 -
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, as I mentioned, we got 750 rupees EBITDA per tonne for the last quarter. Yeah, on 
an average of 40 rupees across the board increases happened. So you have to net off 
the GST and all. For the entire year outlook remains, as stated before 3.6 million tonne 
and above 1,000 rupees EBITDA per tonne. That remains fairly doable.  
Rishith Shah: 
Thank you sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prateek Kumar, please go ahead. Prateek, please 
unmute your line and go ahead.  
Will wait for a moment and Anyone who has a question, may please signal by raise of 
hands. The next question is from the Navin Sahadeo, please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Good afternoon Sir. Yeah. Sir just one question from me. You said of course, the 
industry has already taken a very handsome price hike and if at all, there is a further 
cost escalation. There will be further price hikes as well. So in the south market, 
typically where it is like, you know, there is a lot of like, you know, non-infrastructure 
demand or may I say housing demand. So, in your opinion at what level of demand 
starts facing some sort of postponement or pressures because of the price hikes in the 
cement space? That's my only question. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mr. Navin, even in the past, we did mention, the cost of cement, or the cost of 
cement in the overall kind of in housing is very, very insignificant. Sir it is, in fact, less 
than 2%. I'm not talking of 1%, It could be even less than that. So given the influence 
of the overall cost of cement in the construction, this price hike definitely should not 
influence their decision for postponement. I mean, irrespective of what the price of 
cement, the other building material or all the commodity prices. I mean, if you have 
seen, I am sure you're tracking most of the other commodities, relatively cement, 
unfortunately, never caught up with the inflationary track, it still remained behind the 
thing. But generally, since it's a bulk commodity, and it is a commodity, which actually 
people need right from the first groundwork all the way to the finishing, people get 
overwhelmed with the voluminous nature of the cement, but fortunately, it doesn't 
really impact the pocket of their sir. I mean, we probably if you look at a mid-range 
house, one luxury TV probably should be much more expensive than the overall cost 
of the Cement sir and I'm not trying to exaggerate it's a fact sir, because it's 
theoretically if you look at it, yeah we consume, I mean, it's a 15 kg per square foot is 
the consumption of cement and you multiply with whatever price that you can imagine 
and try to go back and work out.  
Navin Sahadeo: 
I appreciate that. 

 
- 12 -
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I don't think any deferment; cement price should not really influence the deferment 
sir. But unfortunately, the other construction material, if they go beyond the thing, it 
might, but definitely not on the account of cement pricing is what we think generally. 
Directly, if you look at it sir, I don't think we are touching the historical high prices, in 
spite of such a very difficult scenario, the cement prices barely very close to the 
historical highs, but they never cross the historical high prices even now. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood and just one more question, if I may, South as a region we have seen like, 
you know, been on negative demand side for I think over two years now. I mean, of 
course, FY 19 was stupendous, much ahead of the all India growth, but 20, it was much 
below the industry, I mean, all India growth, even 21, because of COVID, the impact 
was far higher, right, even as we speak, south in the first half probably may have fed a 
little poor versus the rest of the regions. So going ahead now, can we see some sort of 
normalcy coming back, can we expect the above industry, or above average growth 
rate in the second half, or maybe over a period of next one year? Or do you think there 
is still, demand triggers are still missing down the region?  
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think the current outlook that we have, again, has been anywhere between 3 to 5% 
for the entire south to grow. We think it could be higher than that, but definitely not 
lower than that. Now, it's a relative kind of thing where you have a better infrastructure 
kind of a thing. The progress tends to be slower on the infrastructure side. But housing 
has been a single biggest influencing factor in this region, especially in the markets that 
we operate and they continue to grow. So, given that, we internally think that the 
South demand should definitely grow in the current year, anywhere between 3 to 5% 
is what we think. In the next couple of years, it should be higher than this but not lower 
than this. Except for some states. You know, the election definitely influences the 
demand for that shorter period. But medium to long term, we still think that South 
could be very close to the double-digit growth on an average CAGR for a 5 to 10-year 
horizon we think it will definitely be very close to 7.5 to 10%. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Appreciate sir, thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Pratik Kumar, please go ahead. Pratik, you may 
unmute your line and please go ahead. Will take the next question from the Dhiral 
Shah, please go ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: 
Yeah, good afternoon sir and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is again 
pertaining to the south cement utilization. So, what is the average cement utilization 
in South India for the industry as a whole? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Logically it should be anywhere between 55 to 60%. 

 
- 13 -
Dhiral Shah: 
Okay and Sir, any big capacity addition in coming years, let's the next two to three years 
in South India. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See right now, we only go with the announcements. As in the public domain, I think 
the Ramco’s integrated plant at Kalavatala, which is part of the Yerraguntla cluster is 
due for commissioning, I think end of Q3 and there is a grinding plant of Chettinad in 
Vizag, that just got commissioned, and it's public hearing for both NCL and Deccan, 
grinding plants in Vizag. So, these are any new orders that have been placed? I think 
we will exactly know weeks from now, but so far these are the things which are in the 
public domain. 
Dhiral Shah:  
Sir, in terms of capacity, how much it would be? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
Dhiral Shah:  
In terms of total capacity, how much it would be including Ramco, Chettinad, NCL and 
Deccan? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
The new this thing, I think the grinding plants of Chettinad is 2 million. Deccan I think 
is close to 1 million and same is the case with NCL Sir. 
Dhiral Shah:  
Okay, okay. Thank you so much. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank You. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Ashish Jain, please go ahead. 
Ashish Jain:  
Hi Sir, Good afternoon, sir. Firstly, on coal means what is the status on coal supplies 
from Singareni because you indicated you know, 50 - 60% usage of domestic coal, are 
we kind of getting that supply already or this is? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
we have been getting the supply but for the last one and a half month, were we had to 
struggle, one because of the weather and the other because they were made to the 
priority as the power sector sir, even in the slide we did indicated you that we have 6 
lakh tons of linkage with them for over next 12 months. So we are more than hopeful 
as the season improves and some amount of relief starts coming from a power sector. 
Yeah, we are more than hopeful for us to get as such we are, we have one and half 
month kind of a forward stock for the domestic coal lying in our yard sir. 
Ashish Jain: 
Okay. So coal availability will not be a problem, fine. 

 
- 14 -
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think in our case, I mean, very specifically, I think availability was not an issue. It’s only 
an issue of the cost both the domestic and imported. I think that is the case even for 
most of the players who are relying on imported. I think imported coal or pet coke is 
available, but it's only a question of at what price it is available. 
Ashish Jain: 
The secondly on price hike you indicated the hikes in South what's the sense on the 
pricing in Orissa, because clearly it's the market which is incrementally a growth driver 
for you. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, I think though, we are targeting it, we actually started indicated to the market that 
we are looking at similar kind of a thing sir, but what we have achieved is only 15 rupees 
per bag 
Ashish Jain:  
okay. Got it. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mind you, sir, we are only into the trade, our non-trade reliance is very very low, I 
believe, the pressure is still on in the non-trade side. 
Ashish Jain: 
Right. And sir, lastly you know, after these two expansions which should get over by 
December, anything on the organic side that we are thinking, planning to take up from 
the next two - three-year point of view. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See on the organic side, specially the Brownfield site for next two to three years, we 
are not trying to add up pressure to the existing markets, but from a preparatory side. 
Yes, Gudipadu for the next line, the public hearing is due on the 16th of November. But 
we don't intend to quickly start it, but we are preparing the work for ourselves. 
Ashish Jain:  
Got it Sir, thank you so much. Thanks a lot and best of luck. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Pratik Kumar, please go ahead. 
Pratik Kumar: 
Yeah, Hi, Good afternoon sir. Sorry, I was not able to unmute. My first question is, how 
does the domestic coal pricing on a kcal basis compares to international coal? Currently 
export pricing? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Pratik, I would encourage you to look at the presentation what we have shared 
on slide 11. We did indicate sir, yeah just to give you a quick, Yeah, important pet coke 
is at 2.95 rupees per kcal and imported coal is at 3.33 rupees, the right now the 
Singareni coal for which we have the linkage, is at 1.50 rupees per kcal sir.  
Pratik Kumar: 
Okay, no, sorry, I meant, I mean, isn't domestic? I mean, Singareni Coal is also, I mean, 
aren't they looking for any price hikes aligning their prices with the imported? 

 
- 15 -
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Good question Mr. Pratik, but I have no answer to that, I wish it remains the way it is. 
So, historically, they have never aligned with the imported coal pricing sir, if you just 
three months back, if you have to look at it, the imported coal was half or near half to 
the singareni coal. same was the case with the pet coke. So, our belief is that they may 
not take such a difficult kind of a pricing way where you know people will start looking 
at the other arrangements, if you have seen the industry moved away from most of 
the domestic coal, because of the quality of the supply and at the same time it is 
expensive. 
Pratik Kumar: 
And like yourself or other manufacturers also maybe talking to the Singareni coal more 
than what they usually do. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sure, sir, I think that is the case. I mean, there is no exclusivity, it doesn't need rocket 
science to figure it out. I think that is the case Mr. Pratik. 
Pratik Kumar: 
And Sir, just one question on pricing. So, you mentioned about I mean, I think most 
manufacturers are now indicating of price hikes. So, there is I mean, while initially in 
October, there was a nervousness if they will go through or not, it seems they have 
gone through. So, I mean, price is also reverse sometimes in November, December, 
because of year end phenomenon of companies. Is it something which we can 
anticipate or we are now like looking for even more hikes from here and not reverse? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
So I think I see what will happen to price, I wish there was a trendline and the trendline 
remains the way we think but it has never remained in the past. But given the scenario, 
the cost increase across the board, we think reversal of what is happened in October, 
looks highly unlikely. I mean, but in our business, as I keep telling, less of rationality 
and more of you know, market shares and also sometimes what goes up, typically 
comes down. But any further higher price hikes from here, I think it is primarily related 
to further cost pressures only, I mean, beyond that, still there is a gap, see, I can only 
speak for myself, in our case, with this price hike, more or less we have, we could 
recover. But again, freight is something which is an ongoing thing. But if you look at, 
majorly at the industry side, I think another 15 to 20 rupees gap still exists. So, to that 
extent, we think the prices should sustain and fluctuate from there on, reversal from 
here is suicidal for the industry. But in the past, we definitely had those tendencies, 
but nothing can be ruled out. But given the environment now, I think, reversal of 
October what is happened in October, what we have achieved so far reversal from here 
looks slightly unfeasible. So, given that scenario, we think, reversal may not happen 
from here, from here on, if we attempt for a very high price hike with the objective of 
getting something in that in the marketplace, some kind of volatility could be expected 
on account that is for potential kind of further price hike that we are going to take from 

 
- 16 -
here. Yeah, but not for what we have taken so far. That's what we think, internally, we 
strongly believe that might be the case. 
Pratik Kumar:  
Thank you. Sir, thanks for the response. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, anyone who has a question can signal by raise of hands. So, in the 
meanwhile, if I may ask a couple of questions.  
Sir, one thing that you mentioned that the six lakhs tonne of inventory from Singareni 
and how long this can last for our internal for inventory? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, if we have to go with the mix that we have, recipe that we have done for the Q2, 
Sorry for the Q3 and Q4, I think this 6 lakh tones, with the combination of pet coke 
should last us for over 12 months from now, Mr. Manish. 
Moderator:  
In terms of cost inflation, we are looking at only 50 rupees to Q2? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mr. Manish, Caveat there is this so far the domestic coal prices remained in control. 
So, if they remain I think the 50 rupees’ factor is primarily on the account of the freight 
is what we are trying to factor because we have locked in but the locking is for the 
volume, the price is still an open ended kind of thing in the agreements sir, given that 
we strongly believe that this kind of a mix, even if they increase with the delta of price 
increases, we don't see it crossing more than 100 rupees in our case on power and fuel 
account. So bulk of the price increases actually strong probably compared to the larger 
peers or people who have come with the results so far. Probably we are ahead of curve, 
but from here on it looks very stable for us. 
Moderator: 
And the second question is on Satguru cements, how's the initial response there in 
terms of volumes and as well as acceptability in the market? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think our volumes have been fairly controlled sir, the position has been fairly strong 
the acceptability has been very good. So we have done close to 15,000 tones so far, 
but nothing much can be concluded with this limited volume. But one of the best things 
is that yeah, the acceptance of the brand and the company has been overwhelming. 
So we strongly think that we should not face any major problem from a ramp up side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir, that's it from my side. The next question is from Sanjeev Singh, please 
go ahead. 

 
- 17 -
Sanjeev Singh: 
Good afternoon, sir. I just have one question in the slide you have given Pet coke price 
at around 22,000 rupees, that translates into I think around $300 per ton, but whatever 
we have heard that it was around $220 in the peak, it went to $250. So, what does it 
include in the procurement price? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See most of the people get carried away with the FOB prices sir. In our case, it's on the 
landed basis. So that's one of the reasons why we have given it in INR because it has 
the handling charges, It also has the freight to reach the site, it also includes all the 
taxes and associated things, it’s all in cost sir. 
Sanjeev Singh:  
Okay, it includes the transportation cost to your plant also, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, to the various locations wherever we use, it's not one, it's multiple sites. So, this 
includes the freight costs, this includes all the taxes and duties, this includes the 
handling cost also sir. 
Sanjeev Singh: 
And just one thing, can you give some trend on recent how demand is panning out 
recently, so, like some people are talking about that demand has taken a hit in the 
south region. So in last few days, so, any comment on that? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, let me give you some comfort on the demand side sir. See, if you look at Q1 to Q2 
realization, the effective drop in our case is only 4%. Now, that drop is primarily on 
account of the freight costs, there is a matching freight cost increase has happened. So 
demand was not bad sir, we could not service the demand because of the weather. 
Now, it's a relative term. So for somebody who ever is servicing certain segment, if 
they would had got impacted? Probably they but the average trendline is the demand 
has been fairly good. It's a fluctuating time. If it rains at some places, obviously you 
cannot service but the demand could drop. But the general trend has been it's not a 
bad demand trend line, it could be better but as such it is not bad sir. 
Sanjeev Singh:  
okay sir. Thank you. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Anyone who has a question may unmute your line and go ahead please. So as there 
are no further questions, we would like to now conclude the call. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
We would like to once again thank each one of you for joining and taking interest in 
talking to us. I hope you have got all the answers for the questions that you were 
looking for. Please feel free to connect our team at Sagar or CDR should you need any 
further information or clarifications, we will be extremely happy to discuss on that. 

 
- 18 -
Thank you once again. Have a good day. Thank you Mr. Manish for all the support. 
Thank you. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you, sir. We may now conclude. 
