MEGHMANI FINECHEM LTD. 
Regd. Office: CH/1, CH/2, GIDC Industrial Estate, Dahej, Tai. Vagra, Bharuch - 392 130. Gujarat, (INDIA) 
Phone: +91- 635 9953661/62/63/64/65, E-mail: helpdesk@meghmanifinechem.com, 
16.11.2021 
URL: www.meghmanifinechem.com GIN: L24100GJ2007PLC051717 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai 400 051 
SYMBOL:- MFL 
Dear Sirls 
BSE Limited 
Floor- 25, P J Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code 543332 
Sub:- transcript of the concall held on 11th November 2021. 
We forward herewith transcript of a Conference Call on strategic update held on 11th 
November 2021 for information of members. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Meghmani Finechem Limited 
KD Mehta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
CORPORATE OFFICE : "MEGHMANI HOUSE", 8/h. Satal Protitaire, Corporate Road, Prahladnagar, 
Ahmedabad-380015. (INDfA) Phone: +91-79-71761000, 2970 9600 

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“Meghmani Finechem Limited Conference Call hosted 
by Go India Advisors” 
 
November 11, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAULIK PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, MEGHMANI FINECHEM LIMITED 
MR. KAUSHAL SOPARKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR,. 
MEGHMANI FINECHEM LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MEGHMANI FINECHEM LIMITED 
MR. B. RAVI – MANAGEMENT ADVISOR AND 
ERSTWHILE CFO OF ADANI PORT 
MR. MILIND KOTECHA – INVESTOR RELATION 
OFFICER, MEGHMANI FINECHEM LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SURABHI SUTARIA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
Go India Advisors 

 
Meghmani Finechem Limited  
November 11,2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Good Day, Ladies and Gentlemen and a very warm welcome to the Meghmani Finechem 
Limited Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over 
to Ms. Surabhi Sutaria from Go India Advisors. Over to you, Ma’am.  
Surabhi Sutaria: 
Thank you Good afternoon everybody and welcome to the strategic update call for Meghmani 
Finechem Limited. We have on the call Mr. Maulik Patel – Chairman and Managing Director, 
Mr. Kaushal Soparkar – Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay Jain – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. B. 
Ravi – Management Advisor and erstwhile CFO of Adani Port, Mr. Milind Kotecha – Investor 
Relation Officer. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statement and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
May I now request Mr. Maulik Patel to take us through the agenda for this call subsequent to 
which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Maulik Patel: 
Good evening everyone and thank you for sparing time for the concall at the short notice. I am 
sure you all would have got a chance to review the presentation that we had shared. Let me 
give you brief overview about it. We are pleased to announce that we are expanding into 
Chlorotoluene and its value chain. It will produce intermediates for manufacturing 
pharmaceutical and agro chemical ingredient which are amongst the fastest growing segment. 
This facility will be set up in existing chlor-alkali complex Dahej. The project CAPEX of Rs. 
180 crore will be fully funded through internal accruals, expected revenue from this project 
would be around Rs. 300 crore with EBITDA margin around 28% to 32% which is in line with 
companies overall margin.  
Absolute EBITDA will be high considering the high asset turnover ratio of 1.6x which will 
ultimately lead to ROCE of around 30% and this will boost up the expected ROCE of 24% by 
its financial year 2024. Also, debt-to-EBITDA will improve with this new product and the 
project is expected to commission by Quarter 4 financial year 2024. This is a new set of 
opportunity for value addition of chlorine for completely new vertical. This facility will be 
facilitating with various reaction capabilities. It will be the first time in India as such kind of 
intermediate facility which will be backward integrated with toluene chlorination plant. This 
new reaction capability will enhance our product offerings and strengthen customer 
relationships thus driving future growth of the company. This facility will create a significant 
benefit as India is looking forward to strengthen its position and market share in global supply 
chain that are looking to source from fully integrated players with no dependency on China. 

 
Meghmani Finechem Limited  
November 11,2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
Indian Chlorotoluene and value chain products demand are fulfilled through imports and hence 
this facility will cater the requirement for domestic as well as export market. This will also 
contribute in Make in India initiative to become Atmanirbhar Bharat launched by our visionary 
honorable Prime Minister. Along with this project MFL is also announcing investment in 
setting up a world class research and development center in Changodar Ahmadabad. It will 
help the company identify new molecules in Chlorotoluene ecosystem and further strengthened 
the fully integrated facility. This investment in R&D center will be foundation for the next 
phase of growth of specialty chemical markets. We are extremely excited about the new 
project which further strengthened our product portfolio and makes us a diversify and fully 
integrated specialty chemical player. Our focus at MFL is to create a superior shareholder 
value and this new high ROCE product and setting up R&D center is a step in that direction. 
Thank you. So, we can start Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Srishti from Wellwin Consulting. Please go 
ahead. 
Srishti: 
Sir first I would like to know about the export opportunities are we looking at exports also and 
how much of chlorine production will not be used in house and how much will be left for sales 
and second would be whatever competitive advantages and who are the main suppliers 
currently for the company? 
Maulik Patel: 
This is very good question, just let me brief you about, because of China plus one strategy, all 
specialty chemical company they got a huge opportunity and looking at the PLI scheme in the 
chemical segment, in the pharma segments, more and more units are coming up and all 
multinational they are giving a lot of projects not only to China, but India as well. So, more 
and more opportunities diversifying from Europe or from China towards India. So, in last five 
years if you see Deccan Fine Chemicals, SRF, PI industries and all pharma companies who are 
producing new APIs, all agro companies which is giving contract manufacturing to the Indian 
manufacturing, lot of Indian manufacturing company is getting listed in recent times, but there 
ingredients are dependent on China. So, this Chlorotoluene opportunity we are doing first time 
in India and it is a replacement of their dependency from China and the Western part of the 
countries. The same time we are also able to export these products to the manufacturing 
facility in Europe. There are some manufacturing they are still continuing in Europe for the 
European manufacturers so they are our customers going to be in the future for this product 
line. This specialty chemical companies which are available in India and which is growing at a 
faster pace in India. So these are all our customers going to be in future. Your question about 
the chlorine you know so chlorine because we are doing this project in a completely chlor-
alkali ecosystem as a backward integration and we have captive chlorine including the ECH, 
CPVC will be commissioned probably in the beginning of next financial year and this will be 
commissioned by financial year 2024. So, if you consider including this project, we will be 

 
Meghmani Finechem Limited  
November 11,2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
more than 50%, around 55% will be the captive consumption and including the pipeline 
customer the chlorine will 70% of our capacity.  
Srishti: 
And who are the main suppliers of raw materials for this? 
Maulik Patel: 
Toluene is a major raw material and other is chlorine. So, chlorine is completely in house by 
pipeline and all other utilities, we already have an infrastructure since many years. So, that is 
the same utility infrastructure we are going to use in this along with chlorine. Toluene we are 
going to procure it from the outside company including Reliance or IOC or other companies in 
India or we can also import toluene from other countries. So, it is a mix and match depends on 
the price and strategy.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Sir my question is in terms of EBITDA margin for this project we have given between a range 
of 28% to 32% which gives us a very strong ROCE of 30%, so my question is on what 
realization are we assuming because we believe today the chemical price have gone up 
extremely I mean last one year have been very good for prices what is the realization that we 
are assuming and how this product realization can fluctuate and also in terms of wider range 
how much EBITDA margin can we make? 
Maulik Patel: 
So, Bhavesh it is a very good question you asked. In the current time where all the chemical 
products are sky rocketed and the demand is also very high. So, at this juncture we do not 
calculate forecast price of the project or the EBITDA of the project. So, we are considering one 
year before situation, based on that we have considered everything, because any chemical 
project will be feasible as on today’s situation, but as everybody knows that current situation is 
not going to continue for in the future in the same manner. So, we consider last five years 
excluding the last financial year and then we do analysis and then based on that we have 
calculated this.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
And in terms of clientele are we going to find the client after we commence our plant or we 
have some readymade client base where we are already in talks with them? 
Maulik Patel: 
No, this is a mix of product, this is not a dedicated product or one single product will be 
coming out from this particular complex. So, it is multiple products, so it is not going to be 
dependent on the one particular customer. Various customers depend on their end molecule of 
agro chemical and the end molecule of pharmaceutical they will procure multiple range of 
products. So, we are going to cater them because currently they are highly dependent on the 
import, they are not having a domestic manufacturing of this molecule as of now. So, 

 
Meghmani Finechem Limited  
November 11,2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
definitely we do not have tie up right now, but everybody in the chemical segment are looking 
for a local source.  
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
So any idea I mean it is a good which other Indian company would be manufacturing these 
products? 
Maulik Patel: 
Actually, this chemical is a huge in a general word. Multiple products you can manufacture 
from this range. So, as of now nobody knows which product other companies are going to 
manufacture, we have no idea. So, definitely as of now we are going to be the first one to 
establish this plant in India, but as a downstream manufacturing there are small scale 
companies, they are manufacturing, they are importing some raw material and they are just 
adding one step. But we are going to be completely backward integrated and we are not 
dependent on anything on the import for this product range, but there are small couple of 
manufacturers, who are manufacturing in this product line, but it is not the substantial quantity 
as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir just wanted to understand the market for this products in India so since totally they are 
being imported to India and we are the first to setup this capacity if you can help us explain 
what is the market size in India currently and at what rate it is growing and a related question 
would be so are we planning to produce the entire range of Chlorotoluene including para, 
meta, 24dichlorotoluene or first we will start with one and then probably with the success of 
one we will move down the value chain? 
Maulik Patel: 
This market, as I have explain, because of the specialty chemical is growing in India and I 
think this specialty chemical segment has a highest market share from the world market 
compared to the other chemical, so this market has grown in a double digit in India since last 
five years data. In the coming times also it will be sustained in the double digit growth for this 
range of product. The global market is not growing same as Indian market because last five 
years the Indian market is growing exceptionally well. So, this will continue in India for next 
five years at least and overall the international market this growth is about around 8% to 9%. 
You rightly said for the product which we are going to manufacture. In the chlorination section 
we are going to manufacture everything and the downstream product we are going to select 
which product we wanted to manufacture. So, that we have identified, but we will not be able 
to disclose in the common forum, as of now.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir one more question so if you can quantify the tonnages like in terms of the Indian 
market in terms of tonnages or in terms of some indication in terms of absolute amount in 
terms of rupees, crore the market size in India that would be helpful? 

 
Meghmani Finechem Limited  
November 11,2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Maulik Patel: 
You have given couple of products name, three products, but there are multiple products in this 
range and for each product range there is a huge market and that market is growing in double 
digit. So, it is very difficult to generalize like a bulk chemical, that this much capacity we are 
coming. This is very complex chemistry and we are coming in the full range. So, it is very 
difficult to answer in one line like a caustic soda capacity or chloromethane capacity or hydro 
peroxide capacity.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
And sir last question would be if you can help us understand the affluent part, so how we are 
able to treat the affluent coming out of this new product range because then probably we have 
to set up the separate affluent treatment plant and that can be a separate CAPEX for this and 
this 180 crore CAPEX includes everything so far as affluent treatments are also concerned? 
Maulik Patel: 
So, normally whoever is finalizing new capacity they evaluate this point as a topmost priority 
and based on this everything calculated backward in terms of the CAPEX. So, definitely in 180 
crore we have already calculated, some part of the affluent. It is the chlorination reaction so we 
are going to generate the HCL. So HCL infrastructure already we have it in our existing 
infrastructure so that we do not need to invest, only affluent plant that we need to take care and 
that is based on what kind of downstream we are going to select based on that we are going to 
invest in the affluent treatment as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil Sharma from AB Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anil Sharma: 
Just a couple of questions from my side so I wanted to understand like in terms of this 
particular value chain how much with the derivative segment contribute to our revenues and 
will you be able to sell it to the existing customers that we have and if you can please provide a 
brief or some light how will we source the raw materials for this value chain? 
Maulik Patel: 
The major raw material for this is toluene which is coming mainly from Reliance in Gujarat or 
from import, because our plant is at coastal. Many people who are consuming toluene they are 
making dual policy either they will buy a partial quantity, they will buy from the local source 
and partial they will buy on the import. So, we will use the same strategy in the future and for 
the chlorine and other utilities definitely we already have the infrastructure in our existing 
complex and we are going to use that. Another question about the customer, for this customer 
definitely it is not going to be the same customer what we have already and we are going to 
introduce this is to the new customer which is agro chemical companies and the 
pharmaceutical companies. Definitely we do have a pharmaceutical and the agro chemical 
customers, but this is little bit on the specialty side, so definitely the purchase team of the 
existing customers, existing products and the specialty chemical is always different. So, the 
customer will be the common, but the purchase will be in a different way we have to make an 
effort for this products.  

 
Meghmani Finechem Limited  
November 11,2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Anil Sharma: 
Is it contribution about the revenue? 
Maulik Patel: 
So contribution for this as we have already mentioned after the Chlor-alkali segment and the 
derivative segment which ECH and CPVC even after our expansion of caustic soda plant our 
revenue more than 50% revenue from the derivative segment as we have announced in the 
past. So, definitely this will add up in that and in the future if you add this revenue of 300 crore 
definitely it will be more than 55% in the future from the specialty chemical and derivative 
segment together.  
Anil Sharma: 
And another aspect sir I wanted your opinion on so this will be Grasim has also added 
chloromethane capacity and some of our competitors are also adding ECH, so here I wanted to 
understand our first mover advantage how does it protect us from the apply pressures coming 
in as the demand is still pretty low? 
Maulik Patel: 
Mr. Anil this is chloromethane you are talking about and we are coming with a Chlorotoluene 
so this is a specialty chemical segment and as of now in India nobody is there and we are going 
to be the first one in India to setup this plant. So, you are talking about chloromethane which is 
completely different which we already commissioned the plant in 2020.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Prateek: 
I just have one question it is mentioned that we will be the first one in India to do this 
manufacturing and Meghmani would be the first company to manufacture it and we also 
understand that it is not completely reliant on selling the product in the market it is a backward 
and forward integration so consumption will be there, just wanted to understand in terms of 
selling it to the open market rest of the all of the people who are importing it today what will 
be the unique selling point in terms of selling it to the Indian market and exporting it when 
Meghmani is doing it, will there be any kind of unique selling points for this product in terms 
of quality or lower cost, can you elaborate on that please? 
Maulik Patel: 
In today’s time everybody is facing a logistic problem in India because everyone knows that 
the logistic is a major concern for everyone so if people need to plan well then they need to 
plan earlier they used to import and they plan it in 30 days now it takes minimum 60 days. So 
definitely the people prefer to have a local manufacturing and people now understand the local 
manufacturing strength and they would like to procure from the local. So, this is now going to 
be the very unique because everyone wanted raw material toluene we are going to source from 
locally as well as import. So, same way people will keep the two source at least one will be 
local and one will be import. So, this is going to be the huge help to the local manufacturing 
and they can increase their efficiency by having their local source.  

 
Meghmani Finechem Limited  
November 11,2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
Prateek: 
Are there any special logistic considerations in terms of transporting this product from one 
location to another? 
Maulik Patel: 
No, this is not very hazardous, in terms of toxic, so to the small manufactures it can be 
transferred in the drums, like a liquid drum in a 200 liter drums and if any bulk customer will 
be there and it will be transferred in a tanker. So, majority of the products are liquid so it is 
very easy to transport. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shristi from Wellwin Consulting. Please go 
ahead. 
Shristi: 
I just had a small follow up question the more products are possible using the remainder 
chlorine and also do we have space to increase caustic capacity beyond the current expansion 
at the same side? 
Maulik Patel: 
You must be knowing that we have started a chlor-alkali caustic soda plant in 2009 and that 
time our capacity was 150,000 tons and then we have debottleneck to make it 176,000 tons 
then in 2019 we have expanded further to 294,000 tons and currently along with our ECH and 
CPVC expansion where we are consuming chlorine and hydrogen and caustic soda captively 
we are increasing further to 400,000 tons per annum. So, every expansion of derivatives we are 
also expanding our backward Chlor-alkali, which is our strength. So by next year we are up 
and running 400 KT plant of caustic soda and further there is always a chance of 
debottlenecking the plant, but that we have not explored. Once we commission the plant of 
400,000 KTA next financial year probably after that we will do a further study and then we 
will announce if required.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments.  
Maulik Patel: 
Thank you for all the participants and if you have any further questions you can be in touch 
with our IR team and we are here to answer all your questions anytime. Thank you all.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes 
this conference call for today. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
