~ 
S111 )l'l'J .R, ,') I ( ll' 
SEC/62/2021-22 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Stock Code : 532638 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:~ Earnings Confer...ence Call =.Q.2_FY2-2 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Stock Symbol : SHOPERSTOP 
October 27, 2021 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company had filed its letter ref. no. SEC/53/2021-22 dated October 13, 2021, in respect of the analyst/ 
investors conference call on Thursday, October 21, 202110:30 am. 1ST to discuss the corporate performance 
for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2021. 
In respect of the same and as required under Regulation 46, we are pleased to submit herewith the 
transcript of the earnings conference call so held on October 21, 2021. The same is simultaneously being 
made available on the website of the Company. 
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thank you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For~f 
s Stop Llmlte<I 
Vijay Kumar Gupta 
Head Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: aa 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
Registered & Service Office - Umang Tower, 5th Floor, Mlndspace, Off. Link Road, Malad (West), Mumbai - 400 064, Maharashtra. 
T + 022 42497000, F + 022 28808877.CIN : L51900MH1997PLC108798. E-mail us at customercare@shoppersstop.com 
Toll free No.:T +-800-49-6648 (9 am to 9 pm). 

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“Shoppers Stop Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 21, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. GAURAV JOGANI - AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENUGOPAL NAIR – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
MR. KARUNAKARAN MOHANASUNDARAM – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER - SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
MR. JAIPRAKASH MAHESHWARI – VICE PRESIDENT 
(FINANCE & ACCOUNTS) - SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 
SIIOPPLRs STOP 
J, 
AXIS CAPITAL 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Shoppers Stop Limited’s Q2 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. I must remind you that the 
discussion on today’s earnings call may include certain forward-looking statements and 
must be viewed there for in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. Please restrict 
your questions to the quarter and yearly performance and the strategic questions only. 
Housekeeping questions can be led separately with the IR Team. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Thank you and over to you Mr. Jogani! 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you Nirav. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, it is my pleasure to 
welcome you all to Shoppers Stop’s Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. On the call we 
have with us today, Mr. Venugopal Nair, MD & CEO; Mr. Karunakaran Mohanasundaram, 
CFO and Mr. Jaiprakash Maheshwari, VP Finance & Accounts. I would now like to hand 
over the call to the management for their opening remarks post which we can start the Q&A 
session. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Venugopal Nair: 
Thank you Gaurav and good morning friends. Thanks for joining us today to discuss the 
Shoppers Stop financial results for the second quarter of the fiscal year 2022 that ended on 
September 30, 2021. We have shared our Q2 results, the investor deck, and the press release 
with you, and I hope you have had a chance to browse through the same. Today I will talk 
to you about the Q2 performance and as always give you an update on the progress on our 
strategic pillars and the way forward. 
 
To start off in the second quarter we saw a strong rebound from the second wave of 
COVID-19 and the consumer confidence has rebounded sharply. Our GAAP sales were 
Rs.709 Crs a growth of 117% over Q2 FY2021 with margins growing by 490 basis points 
and EBITDA by 386%. The reopening of stores and the recovery from the closures in Q1 
was varied through different states and there was growth in sales in each of the three 
months of the quarter on a sequential basis. We have had a strong start to the festive season 
and currently we are nearly at the same levels of sales as pre-COVID this suggests that we 
are likely to have a strong come back over Diwali and Christmas. 
 
Apart from the strong sales in stores, our sales through our digital channels continue to 
perform strongly and grew by 103% over FY2021 same quarter. I would also like to call out 
at a total level as a business now we had six consecutive quarters where our average bill 
value has been increasing. This is a clear indication of a higher level of engagement with 
our customers and that they are spending more with us every time they visit us in our stores 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 23 
or online. On the operational cost we continue to save versus FY2020, in the second quarter 
we saved Rs.62 Crs. The savings have been on lease rentals, employee cost and admin and 
operating expenses. We managed our inventory efficiently adopting the lessons learnt front 
last year when the first wave hit. Our inventory has reduced by Rs.82 Crs compared to the 
same period last year; again this needs to be taken in the context that the sales being at a 
much higher level than last year. The strong sales and tight control on cost we reported an 
EBITDA of Rs. 138 Crs as per GAAP financials and Rs. 1 Cr as per the non-GAAP 
reporting. 
 
During the quarter we invested Rs.20 Crs on Opex in building our e-commerce and digital 
technology as we continue to transform ourselves in to an omni-channel retailer. Apart from 
that we also invested Rs.35 Crs across capex and opex in opening new stores and 
refurbishing our existing stores. In our store renovations we have been focusing on 
improving productivity of the stores and a good example of this is our store in Inorbit, 
Hyderabad. In this store we reduced the store area by 35% and yes the sales have reached 
the same levels as pre-COVID improving the profitability of the store significantly. We are 
also happy to state that during the quarter we completed the sale of Crossword for Rs.41.6 
Crs. So that is an overview in terms of our overall performance. 
If I now move on to the strategic pillars and I will talk to you about each of them in turn. 
We continue to make good progress in each of our strategic pillars and we are very happy 
with the way we are progressing on it.  
Our first strategic pillar, First Citizen our loyalty program and this continues to go strongly 
with 75% of our sales coming from them. We are growing our First Citizen Black Card 
customer enrollment, which is an annual subscription program wherein our customer pays 
Rs.4500/- for an annual membership to be a part of this program. This customer visits us 
three times more frequently than our average First Citizen customer which leads to much 
higher annual spends. We migrated the First Citizen loyalty program to a new campaign 
management platform called “Gravity” last year and in the second phase of this, this is now 
being linked with our data warehouse this will give us the ability to engage with our 
customer in an even more targeted manner improving our conversion and growing our 
overall sales through better engagement. On our second strategic pillar of Omni needs 
specifically that I will come to omni channel in greater detail later but just on First Citizen 
our sales on omni from our First Citizen customers grew from 21% to 40%. As mentioned 
before we are engaging with our First Citizen customers very closely 33% of the customers 
who have shopped online have also shopped in-store and they spend six times more than the 
average online customer it just shows how much more engaged of First Citizen customers 
are when they are shopping both channels and hence our endeavor to continue to increase 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 23 
the share of First Citizen customers spending online even as we continue to attract new 
customers. 
 
Our unique service to our customers, Personal Shoppers continues to be a strong offering 
for our customers, a differentiated offering that we give personal shoppers and sales through 
the personal shoppers has been consistent and contributed 14% of our sales with an average 
ticket size of 2.8 times higher than our normal. We also do styling festivals through our 
personal shoppers both online and offline. Our other such services continue to contribute to 
our overall sales, all of this helping to make the First Citizen customer our loyal customer 
feel special in our stores. 
 
Moving onto our second strategic pillar of Private Brands. Our strategy of growing our 
private brands in apparel and beauty is working well. Private brands contributed 14% of our 
total business with it being 18% in our online business. Bulk of our private brands is on 
apparel and in apparel private brands contributed to 19.4% of the total sales of apparel. The 
9 brands that we have in apparel continue to grow faster than the company. We had invested 
in getting the price right for these power brands and this has led to a volume growth of 
59%. 
 
In the last call I had mentioned to you about the launch of “Insense” our sleepwear brand 
and this I am happy to report has now jumped to be one of the top brands in our women’s 
western wear. In women’s Indian wear our private brand sales now contributes to nearly 
half of the total sales of this category. In men’s we launched “Bandeya” again this was 
something which I had shared with you at the last call, Bandeya is a range of men’s ethnic 
wear and this is now the biggest ethnic wear brand for men’s in our department stores, and 
finally in kids wear our private brand sales have been way ahead of all of the other 
categories growing by 162%. So to summarize across all of apparel, our private brands 
continue to grow well and we are pleased with the progress we are making. 
 
Moving onto our third pillar of Beauty, and in beauty we continue to build on our 
leadership in the offline space and we are increasing the number of brands that we reach. In 
parallel we are adding a lot more brands which would be available only online with a great 
opportunity to have Shoppers Stop as a strong omni channel player. We have added 19 
brands in the second quarter and we will be adding another 41 in the third quarter. We also 
continue to build our private brand Arcelia in beauty. Just last week we have launched 10 
new perfumes across men’s and women’s and we will be launching 20 different varieties of 
deodorants in the next four weeks. We have launched accessories, sheet masks and some of 
these are priced extremely attractively. Further we will be launching over 200 variants of 
lipsticks and nail polishes in the Q4 of this financial year as we continue to grow “Arcelia” 
as our private brand. 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
With makeovers now being allowed in stores we are seeing higher customer footfalls for 
beauty and they are spending more time in the store. Makeup categories grew by 133% over 
the same period last year. We will be launching 3 new “Beauty by Shoppers Stop” stores in 
the next 12 weeks. These are standalone beauty stores and a destination for beauty 
specifically and our plan is to open 10 to 15 of these standalone beauty stores over the next 
12 months. 
 
Finally moving to the fourth strategic pillar of Omni Channel and here we continue to 
transform ourselves into an omni channel retailer. With shoppersstop.com firmly 
established as a shopping destination for our customers and as emphasized every single 
store of Shoppers Stop and all of our standalone beauty stores are now linked with 
shoppersstop.com on a real time basis giving customers the choice of buying every product 
that we have in our stores and it is available to our customers on shoppersstop.com at all 
times. Apart from that we also have additional brands which are available only on 
shoppersstop.com expanding the range that is available for our customers even more. As a 
result of all of this our digital sales was up 103% on FY2021 and contributed to 8% of our 
total sales. 
 
We have strong unit economics on shoppersstop.com has also through Amazon and on the 
Estee Lauder online sales that we do. As mentioned before this is an area we are continuing 
to invest and we are investing to improve the customer experience on our app on MarTech, 
on analytics, and on insights, which will lead to higher conversion and sales. The first phase 
of this will be implemented in December of this year and the second phase in March 2022. 
In order to further strengthen our Omni channel, play I am pleased to share that we have 
now two board members joining us from pure market place and omni channel background 
with good domestic and global exposure. 
 
Christine Kasoulis comes from John Lewis in the UK having extensive retail experience 
and the proven track record of identifying future consumer trends and delivering market 
leading propositions across multiple product categories including home, fashion, beauty, 
nursery, and sports. I am also pleased to welcome Arun Sirdeshmukh on to our Board. Arun 
has been associated with the fashion business in India for over 25 years and has build some 
of India’s largest and strongest fashion brands and retail businesses such as Reliance 
Trends, Amazon Fashion, to name a few. Arun is presently leading the largest electronic 
vehicle two-wheeler business as SVP & Global Business Head Ola Electric and also is the 
CEO Ola Cars in India. 
 
Moving on to expansion, we have opened two beauty stores of Estee Lauder in the second 
quarter and we also renovated five of our department stores. Our expansion program is back 
on track and we plan to open six department stores and three beauty stores in the third 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 23 
quarter. Two of the department stores are fully ready and will be open as soon as the mall 
starts trading over the next few weeks. For the next two years our target is to open 10 to 12 
department stores and 20 beauty standalone stores every year. 
 
Last but not the least we have most of our team in place now. We have a very strong 
management team with extensive international and domestic experience with clear domain 
expertise in each of these areas. Having a clear plan, strong focus on our strategic pillars 
and a great management teams puts us in a good place to take our business forward 
strongly. 
 
In summary we have had a very strong and encouraging quarter, we are trending strongly 
into the festive period, our strategy is working well and the team that we have in place is 
well placed to deliver on our plans capitalizing on the high loyalty and great trust our 
costumers placed on the Shoppers Stop brand. Thanks for listening and we will open to 
questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Karunakaran M: 
Nirav we already received probably seven or eight questions what we thought Venu and I 
will read the question and answer it and probably so that will avoid a similar question from 
the analyst. So we will do that and then probably we will open to the questions I mean we 
should not take more than five minutes to answer all these questions. 
Moderator: 
Sure Sir. 
Venugopal Nair: 
I will quickly go through them the first one was we are at 75% of Q2 FY2020 sales despite 
87 operational days do we expect to cross 100% of Q3 FY2020 in Q3 FY2021, what do we 
expect to end FY2022 as a percentage of FY2020 sales? On the first part in terms of the 
stores being opened for 87% of the operational days it is true that they were open but as you 
all know in the month of July COVID was still a fear and the number of hours such stores 
were operational were quite low, add to that in a number of cities the stores were not open 
during the weekends which do tend to be a significant part of our sales so hence that 87% 
operational days is not directly comparable to the sales recovery of 75%. On the second part 
we are trending well and as I mentioned currently our sales are close to FY2020 number for 
the festive period which gives us an indication of where we are progressing. Second 
question please can you throw light on the cost savings are they largely from rentals or 
other areas? Savings I have mentioned in my initial talk are from across various expenses 
including employment, occupation cost, electricity and service office cost. Third question 
we have made investments in technology to help our digital presence are we happy with our 
current digital presence, do we plan to spend more to ramp up our presence? We are 
progressing well and we are continuing to invest to improve the experience that customers 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 23 
have on our app on MarTech, on analytics, on insights and we believe all of this will help us 
to serve our customer better, engage with them at a more personnel level which should lead 
to higher conversion and sales are we happy with where we are? We are happy with the 
progress we are making, but we believe we will continue to improve and we will continue 
to get better in this area. I will move onto the next question which is are we now 
comfortable with the inventory and net debt levels, any further reduction, optimization in 
the second half? Yes, net debt has reduced sequentially from Rs.196 Crores in the second 
quarter of FY2021 to Rs.96 Crores in the first quarter of FY2022 to Rs.62 Crores in the 
second quarter of FY2022 and we expect to be debt free by the end of Q3. Next question, 
do we see any cause of concern as Reliance Retail has acquired stake in Manish Malhotra 
and Ritu Kumar, just as ABFRL as done with Sabyasachi and Satya Paul. I would not talk 
about competition or what their strategy is, but what I can say is that if we look at the 
overall size of the market in India, only 29% of the total retail sales come from the 
organized sector and the rest is in the unorganized sector and over the years this has been 
expanding. We expect to continue to see this organized market grow and expand and I think 
there are years and years of growth yet to come in and hence there is enough place for a lot 
of players to be in there. What is important is your ability for us to engage with our 
customers, to reach out with our customers and delight them every time they engage with us 
and that is what we are aiming to do, that is what we are doing.  
The next question is a similar way, a lot of players are getting aggressive on the beauty and 
personal care category, how do we plan to maintain customer share of wallet and stay 
relevant.  
What I mentioned about the market a few minutes back is holds for this category as well. 
The one thing which is different and plays in our favor usually in the beauty and personal 
care space is the experience that customer gets when they walk into the store. When it 
comes to beauty, makeovers, and ability to actually have services that they can use in the 
store is extremely vital and this is something which we have been doing and we have almost 
made it into a fine art over the last 15 years that we have been doing this. Our customer 
service associates in store are extremely well trained are highly trained and they offer a very 
unique experience to our customers which gives us a unique point of difference. We also 
have strong brand partnerships which have been there for many years now and using that 
brand partnerships, working with our brand partners we are able to offer curated ranges 
which is a major play in the premium category that we work in. We also have our loyalty 
programme which gives us a single view of customer which again is a point of difference 
that we have and which has been built over the last 15 years, also the ability for our 
customers to cross shop across beauty and personal care when they walk into our stores, 
when they are buying accessories, watches, sunglasses, apparels or brands, so on and so 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 23 
forth. The private brand that we are growing in the beauty space again gives us an edge and 
all of this I believe puts us in an extremely unique and strong position in the market. 
Moving onto the next point which is on performance of private label and the steps to 
increase the sales. Private brands continue to grow as I mentioned in my earlier talk. We are 
focusing on our 9 power brands and the way we are focusing on this is by personally getting 
the product right. We strongly believe that product is in the heart of everything that we do 
and getting the product right, offering fantastic quality, latest trend at absolutely stunning 
prices is the most important thing and that is what we have been working on. Getting the 
product right, getting the price right, further to that having sharp demarcation of the brands, 
making sure that each brand is placed to its core offers a clear end use, each brand is for a 
specific lifestyle and having clear focus on that makes that brand come alive and finally to 
grow a private brand apart from the existing power brands we continue to look at white 
spaces and we will grow in that. The latest of that was Insense in sleep wear, which we did, 
Bandeya for ethnic wear and also “INFUSE" which is our direct to customer online only 
brand which we have just got it, so that is the way we want to continue to progress on 
private brand, focusing on product, price, brand, and white spaces. The last one that we 
have on the questions come to us was the progress on Omni Channel initiatives. I think I 
have covered that already so I would not go into that again. Suffice to say that we could 
progress on omnichannel. We are continuing to grow the number of customers who are 
buying from us online. Also our First Citizen customers are engaging with us more online 
and our investment into the UI/UX of the customer experience on the app, also on the 
MarTech personalization, insights, all of this will help us to grow our business and we are 
truly omnichannel retailer which is the transformation that we had embarked on a few 
quarters back and we are continuing to grow well. As I said we are probably one of the very 
few retailers who have every single store across department stores and the standalone 
beauty stores, every store is linked on a real time basis to shoppersstop.com. 
Karunakaran M: 
Those are the questions that came to us, so we thought will answer that. Gaurav over to you 
and we are happy to answer the questions from any other analysts or individual investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
securities, please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi Sir congrats on a good set of numbers. My question is on the margins so despite fairly 
good recovery we are just about breakeven EBITDA on Ind-AS adjusted basis and this also 
I think includes Rs. 28 Crs of rental waiver am I right? 
Venugopal Nair: 
Yes. 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 23 
Percy Panthaki: 
My question is that if I do a simple kind of math where let us say I assume that the sales 
instead of being 25% down versus two years ago supposing it was sort of 0% versus two 
years ago and on that incremental sales I take let us say 40% gross margin and assume that 
gross profit flows through directly to the EBITDA line and then I add back this 28 Crores of 
rental which will go away once things normalize I get adjusted EBITDA margin of about 
4.4% so is not that fairly low margin, would not we have aspirations of doing higher and if 
so what will drive it from this 4.5% level to a higher level? 
Karunakaran M: 
Percy thanks for your question Karuna here. See there are number of assumptions what you 
have made I am not validating that, but see Q2 is one of the lowest quarters for us. So 
normally our average margin of 6-7% is for the full year considering a significantly higher 
margin for Q3 that is one. Second the lease rental reduction what you are talking about also 
includes some of the rental savings due to permanent closure of stores which were loss 
making in the previous year that also includes that. Third while I agreed the operating 
margins at 40% please do understand that for this quarter because of some liquidation of the 
private brand our margins are not as strongly as it ought to be so there are number of other 
factors we have to consider for a particular quarter. It is not as probably as you are equating 
Percy, so if all goes well and if we have to be at the same level of say the last year with the 
cost savings our EBITDA margin should be definitely higher than FY2020. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So what would you be internally targeting for margins for FY2023 assuming no third wave 
or anything? 
Karunakaran M: 
Percy normally we do not give any future guidance. You are aware of that, but we are 
targeting very aggressive increase compared to FY2020 for FY2023. 
Percy Panthaki: 
This quarter apart from the rental waivers in the cost below the gross margin, are there any 
savings which are temporary in nature for this quarter? 
Karunakaran M: 
No Percy in fact for the last six quarters we have being seeing that, our savings on a like to-
like-basis we should be able to save Rs. 200 Crs per annum. This quarter specifically we 
saved Rs. 62 Crs I agree probably 30% to 35% from these rentals, the other expenses what 
we saved are permanent nature and I also want to reiterate Percy we had invested in Omni 
Channel quite a significant amount which will spoke during his speech. 
Percy Panthaki: 
I did not get what you were saying you invested in what? 
Karunakaran M: 
We invested in omnichannel plus we also invested in stores refurbishing so we have 
invested in those two items. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But that would come in the balance sheet Sir or in the P&L? 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Karunakaran M: 
No E-com investments are all in P&L. 
Percy Panthaki: 
They are not recurring investment so to say? 
Karunakaran M: 
Probably for this year we will be investing it, next year it will be significantly lower. 
Panthaki: 
How much would be that e-commerce investment hitting the EBITDA this quarter? 
Karunakaran M: 
Between say Rs.10 Crs. to Rs. 15 Crs totally and the store refurbishing would be another 
Rs.5 to 6 Crs. 
Percy Panthaki: 
What I meant by savings which are temporary in nature is what I meant is let us say right 
now the travel would not have sort of returned completely to a normal, so supposing 
COVID goes away completely would not the travel cost naturally grow up and when your 
sales goes up would not your advertisement cost also go up as a percentage of sales it will 
go up in absolute terms so I am just wondering whether these items should be increased so 
as to not overstate the operating leverage when I am doing your model? 
Karunakaran M: 
Let me conclude that Percy. Our travel expenses are very, very small that does not 
constitute, probably it will be 0.20% or 0.25% not more than that and if you see our 
marketing expenses as a percentage to revenue this quarter is higher than the FY2020 
quarter. We are already investing in the marketing. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Very clear. Secondly this digital asset sale that you have 8% that is across all types of e-
commerce what I wanted to understand is out of this 8% how much is from your own asset 
that is your own website? 
Karunakaran M: 
You mean Amazon? 
Percy Panthaki: 
Including the aggregator websites or the platforms and if you look at only your own asset 
how much would be the contribution of that to the total sales? 
Venugopal Nair: 
I will take that Percy. I think overall close to 75% of the sales in the last quarter came from 
our own app and the balance would be from Amazon and Estee Lauder. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay I understood. What would be the contribution of the beauty segment that is not inside 
your Shoppers Stop but the other stores that you have your Estee Lauder or MAC or Arcelia 
whatever, what is the contribution of those beauty stores to the topline and the EBITDA in 
normal year? 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Karunakaran M: 
Percy these are all sensitive data we do not like to share that. All I can say is they are 
reasonably healthy and the mix has been quite better Percy. These are all very, very 
sensitive data and we cannot share in a public forum like this and I am sorry about that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shalini Gupta from Ashika Securities 
please go ahead. 
Shalini Gupta: 
I have two questions actually. Sir as per Ind-AS basically what we saw is depreciation and 
interest expenses are going up and we were told that they will be higher in the initial years 
and they will reduce as time goes so my question is when do we start seeing that reduction? 
Karunakaran M:  
We have discussed in the past. See our depreciation and interest includes normal 
depreciation as well as the lease rentals which as per Ind-AS includes both depreciation and 
interest. Answering your question specifically if I see even the GAAP accounts last year we 
had depreciation and finance cost of close to Rs. 110 Crs that has already come to Rs 85 
Crs, so reduction of Rs 25 Crs has already happened and if you see only the non-GAAP 
depreciation which is the actual depreciation that has also come down by Rs. 7 or 8 Crs 
versus last year so overall the depreciation is coming down Shalini. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Sir my second question is that I think the government introduced some COVID concessions 
because of which you were able to take the savings on rentals in the other income line so till 
when do you expect this to continue? 
Karunakaran M:  
Shalini please refer both our GAAP and non-GAAP accounts. In the GAAP accounts we 
have considered as another income whereas in the non-GAAP accounts we have reduced 
the lease rentals from the lease rental expense. So in the first two quarters whatever 
reduction has come in it has reflected both in GAAP and non-GAAP accounts. We are 
regularly negotiating with our landlords for the possible reduction in Q3, but it looks a bit 
difficult because all the stores are opening and the sales are also good. So way forward our 
view is the rental reduction may not be significant as it was for Q1 and Q2. 
Shalini Gupta: 
My last question if I just look at the presentation and compare the GAAP and non-GAAP 
financials in the EBITDA line there is a gap of something like Rs 137 Crs and there is a gap 
of about Rs 20 Crs on the revenue front, so would that be correct in assuming that the 
rentals per quarter are something like Rs 100 odd Crs now? 
Karunakaran M: 
Slightly lower than that you are almost spot on, the rentals will be anywhere between Rs 
90-95 Crs for Q2 Shalini and way forward it will be slightly higher than Rs 100 Crs. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Percy was talking about savings of Rs 28 Crs on rentals so basically those savings are 
already in the profit and loss account. 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Karunakaran M: 
Yes, you are right it is already there in Q1 and Q2, you are right Shalini. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Philip Capital, please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir my question is regarding the revenue recovery. When you say in Q3 we could be close 
to Q3 FY2020 numbers but if you look from the number of stores or the square feet we 
would be significantly lower or pretty much same because we have closed the bigger square 
feet stores, so is it fair to assume that once Maharashtra comes to normal given that now in 
the malls double vaccination are only allowed and recovery is full swing so the like-to-like 
underlying growth would be significantly higher than the flat revenue which you are 
guiding? 
Venugopal Nair: 
Ankit your point is very valid that we have closed some of our nonprofitable stores and 
hence the numbers that we would be looking at is not a true comparison on a total basis. 
However, the guidance that I was giving you or the numbers that we did say we were 
talking on a like-to-like basis. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir can you share the recovery outside Maharashtra because Maharashtra would be still 
double digit contribution and there are still restrictions which are getting lifted in 
Maharashtra now, so the underlying growth ex-Maharashtra if you can share some 
indication of that? 
Venugopal Nair: 
It varies by region quite significantly Ankit so to that extent rather than giving you non-
Maharashtra it still does not give a true picture. What I can say is that each of the regions is 
performing strongly with East leading the way at over 100%. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir my next question is regarding the Beauty. In your opening statement you mentioned we 
will be opening “Beauty by Shoppers Stop” today we have Arcelia, we have Estee Lauder 
group and EBOs, with this coming in what would be the format of this new store if it is not 
Arcelia and what kind of brands would we have in this store? 
Venugopal Nair: 
Thank you for that question and I will elaborate on it. These would be 2000 to 2500 sq ft 
Stores, Standalone Beauty Stores, and “Beauty by Shoppers Stop” that is the working name 
that we are given to it and we expect to have 3 of them opened by December this year. The 
mix of brands here would vary of course depending on the catchment and the mall or the 
city that it is opening in and based on that effectively it will be in the premium when 
coming to the top end of Masstige that is the market that we would play in and working 
with the brand partners that we have and probably some new ones with whom also we are 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 23 
talking to. So our brand partners are strong ones that we have will definitely be a part of it 
and a few new ones that we would continue to bring in as I mentioned in my note. As I said 
we have taken a plan to have 60 new brands over a three-month period and we are well on 
track on that, we have launched 19 of them, we are launching another 41 and all of this to 
make sure that we are bringing in more and more brands for our customers to choose from 
and equally bringing in strong brands that work with us. These independent beauty stores 
are important part of our omni journey because what it does do is they gives us the 
opportunity to go into a lot more markets, it gives us the opportunity to bring the best of our 
customer service and our associates are able to offer and reach a far higher number of 
customers through these independent beauty stores, it gives us the legs to move much faster 
within the beauty space and expand and continue the lead that we have in physical stores on 
beauty. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from Edelweiss Financial 
Service please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Thank you so much and good morning to the management. Sir couple of clarifications from 
my side, first when you say that the festive period is already at recovery near 100% I am 
guessing we are comparing to the festive two years back that is how we are coming to these 
numbers? 
Karunakaran M: 
Your voice is not clear Nihal. Are we comparing the festive period pre-COVID you said 
something like that? 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes, am I audible now I am so sorry about that. 
Karunakaran M: 
Yes, we are comparing the festive period pre-COVID and when Venu said it is 100% it was 
pre-COVID festive period. 
Nihal Jham: 
That is helpful. The second part I just wanted to clarify the thing you mentioned the share of 
private labels to the online sales were around 18% now would it be right to assume that all 
the sales of private labels or majority of them would be driven via our own app or website? 
Venugopal Nair: 
It would be through our own app and also through Amazon which is the only market place 
that we have presented. 
Nihal Jham: 
Just one last if I may on the cost part of it as I noticed you mentioned about the example of 
the Hyderabad store where we have optimized the store size is that mainly the main way in 
which the savings both on the employee and also on the opex side as you mentioned X the 
rental part is coming in that the optimization of the square feet is mainly the one that is 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 23 
driving this kind of saving or is there any other initiative specifically on the other extent 
side that you want to highlight for better clarity? 
Karunakaran M: 
Thanks Nihal that is a very good question. Let me clarify we have five line items, one is the 
employee cost, lease rentals, electricity, advertisement and marketing and other operating 
expenses which includes both stores and service office where we are. Other than lease 
rentals and marketing all the other savings are permanent that has nothing to do with 
reduction of space. Some savings will be there but we largely optimize the cost when we 
did the exercise in FY2020. Our marketing cost largely we follow the curve and we also are 
investing in omnichannel. Lease rentals I just clarified there are one time reductions but 
there are also reductions due to the closure of stores. 
Nihal Jham: 
Just on the other three items any kind of example about how these are being achieved for 
better clarity if in case you want to share anything around? 
Karunakaran M: 
Of course yes. In case of say store employees we have optimized the staff, in case of say the 
space in the service office we have surrendered some of the spaces and like what Venu said 
I mean one of the other reason is we closed some of the loss making stores so these are 
some of the permanent savings I am talking about, some of the examples I mean there are 
quite a few. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. I will take that offline.  Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by 
BNP Paribas, please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir my question is on the average ticket size which you mentioned in your initial comments 
that you have seen six consecutive quarter of improvement in the average ticket size what is 
the current average ticket size if you can give us the number and what it was during the pre-
COVID level and my second question related to this is this improvement in the average 
ticket size is because of the increase in the number of items in the per person ticket or is it 
because of the improvement in the mix? 
Venugopal Nair: 
The average ticket size currently is just circa Rs.4000 and the increase is because it is again 
a combination of two factors, the significant one is that the fact that our customers are 
buying more items in every basket and that has gone up and has been consistently going up. 
There is also an increase in the average selling price in some cases, so a combination of the 
two. 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 23 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
One question I have about the customer engagement you were speaking about maybe for 
your First Citizen customers or customers who are already tied up through app, so can you 
just throw some more light at how it is helping you to generate higher conversions? 
Venugopal Nair: 
I think there are a number of different things that we do on that and probably it would not 
be the right forum to go into each and every one of them, but if I were to give you some 
simple ways of engaging better what we do and the fact that we have the ability to see what 
our customers are buying from us both for online and offline and also comparing that to 
what customers of a similar persona so we have our First Citizen customer base is split into 
customer persona and based on the customer persona we then create specific targeting that 
we do. At a broad level we have eight personas that we work with, but then we go further 
and segment them into almost 40 different segments and each of these segments is based on 
what else customers like that do. We are able to offer them products or reach out to them 
whether it is through a basket of brands or through price or through a volume based 
engagement and a number of things that we could do on that and this is which we keep 
doing constantly. Specifically, with our First Citizen Black Card which is our annual 
subscription program and for our Black Card customers this is a crème de la crème of our 
First Citizen customer it is the top end and it is 2% of our total member base contributing 
7% of our sales and for these First Citizen Black customers what we do are very high level 
of engagements so for example the store manager is the personal shopper for this customer. 
For this customer we do a monthly engagement activity, which are exclusive events open 
only to the First Citizen Black customers, they have an accelerated points earnings 
capability and they are able to also have a first in the queue or jump the queue in our stores 
while they are shopping with us. We also have special offers for them on a monthly basis 
and what we ensure is that the value that they get out of this membership far outweighs the 
annual subscription that they pay, but the most important thing is that it is a customer who 
is engaged with us, who comes back to us and shops three times more than our average First 
Citizen customer. Our average First Citizen customer itself is coming back more than non-
First Citizen customer and the First Citizen black customers comes three times more and 
that is just an example and the three times is during the COVID period, pre-COVID it was 
even higher so it is just one example of how we engage with our customers. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right Sir thanks for the detailed answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital Advisors 
India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir you spoke about beauty space and beauty space is relatively 
underappreciated at least from our perspective so just wanted to understand what is the size 
of opportunity that we are targeting here and which all categories are very relevant to be 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 23 
part of this bucket and which are on the borderline of personal care counted as beauty that is 
first and second if you can comment on competitive landscape because in the last six 
months alone we have seen now Tata Beauty and even Reliance is also launching a 
dedicated line there, somebody like Myntra is also having a dedicated line of beauty and 
personal care so if you can comment on competitive landscape as well? 
Venugopal Nair: 
So let me first start with the market and then get down to specifics. The total market size of 
beauty and personal care is estimated to be Rs.1,73,000 Crs of which online is 13% so the 
rest of it is offline. Specialty retail the market that we play in is around Rs. 12,000 Crs. The 
online share being around 20%, 80% being offline. Our positioning is in the premium and 
Masstige space as I mentioned earlier. The categories that we work on or the categories that 
we focus on is skin care, makeup, cosmetics, fragrances and accessories so those are the 
ones that we are in and the ones that are growing is clean and natural and men’s grooming 
specifically these are the two new categories that have come in and these are the ones we 
are also getting into. Specifically, our private brand Arcelia I already mentioned about and 
through our private brand of Arcelia we will be growing and completing the entire offer, so 
we launched bath and body three quarters back actually and already within our stores bath 
and body Arcelia is now the third largest brand. We are launching fragrances and perfumes 
were launched last week, we are launching deodorants in the next four weeks. We also 
launched a whole range of accessories and a number of them being absolutely unique to us 
and not many players offering something like that. Then into Q4 we will be launching eyes, 
nails and completing the entire offer on makeup over the next three quarters so that is in 
Arcelia and how we are dealing with that. We are also assisting product discovery for our 
customers through and that is again fuels repeat purchases and that is something, which 
gives us an advantage compared to a number of other players because of the strong history 
and experience that we have in the beauty space. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir any comments on competitive landscape? 
Venugopal Nair: 
I am not an expert on competition. I would not be able to add any more than what you 
already know on competition. What I can answer and what I can tell you is about my 
business. 
Karunakaran M: 
Gaurav we can see a number of participants in the queue. Can we extend the call by another 
least 15 minutes if you do not mind? 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Poddar from Nippon India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Pratik Poddar: 
Sir when I look at your timeline journey and journey for customers the reviews on play 
store or app in general or even on twitter social media are not that encouraging how should 
we think about this journey, I know it is a journey but how do we see these small issues 
where the experience is not similar to market place apps in terms of buying, selling or 
refund, etc., when do we expect a streamlining of this that is question number one? Second 
is you talked about refurbishing stores and the moment you refurbished the sales are same 
as what they were pre this refurbishment right what is your refurbishment target if at all do 
you have in mind which is clearly that improves the payback period and lastly you had 
made a comment on doubling your sales over five years I just wanted to know when does 
those five years’ start is it FY2021 or FY2020? 
Venugopal Nair: 
So let me take the three questions one at a time. The first one I would actually contradict 
what you said or ratings on both the play store as well as on the iOS app has consistently 
been up and this is something we track on a fortnightly basis and we have seen consistent 
improvement. On iOS we always used to be high, but on the play store we used to be low 
and if I remember right about a year back our ratings were around 2.7, which have now 
jumped to almost 4.4 and is comparable with some of the others. Having said that we are 
also conscious and appreciate that this is a journey and the experience on our app needs to 
improve, which is why there is significant investment which we talked circa Rs 20 Crs that 
we incurred in Q2 and will continue to incur over the next two quarters to improve that and 
the investment going into improving the biggest investment and the biggest shift we would 
see is in the UI/UX first of which comes through in December and the second phase in 
March. Also on MarTech, on customer insight, on analytics, all of which will help us to get 
a far better understanding of our customers, which will help us to improve the conversion 
and grow our sales and this is something which we have done. The first phase was to get 
old data warehouse where we have got all of our customer data, product data and the store 
data, all assembled together in the one data warehouse that we have. That data linked 
project has now been completed and we are building on that on the analytics insight. One 
side is the backend and the other side is the front end and the customer experience through 
the app so that is something which we will continue to improve. The second question was 
on store refurbishment and store refurbishment is I would say business as usual in some 
ways. The difference is that we are being far more efficient with the way we do it and the 
fact that in Hyderabad, which I gave you as an example we reduced almost 30% of this 
space. Now that is not something which we would do on every store this was a one 
particular example where we did that and the productivity went up but even where we do 
not right reduce the sales what we do find is that when we refurbish the store the like-to-like 
numbers do grow and that is something which we continue to do. We renovated five stores 
in the first half and we plan to renovate another four stores in the second half. What we are 
also doing is to doing the renovation in a far more efficient manner so one of the other 
stores that we just did in Bengaluru it is a 30,000 to 35,000 square feet store in Garuda Mall 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 23 
and we did the entire refurbishment in 15 days, which again means that the downtime is 
much lower and this is something, which we want to continue doing and our teams have 
done a fabulous job and the project team in terms of being able to do that so that is the 
second part and obviously as we do that we are able to A grow the topline and hence also be 
efficient in terms of the investment that we make for the refurbishment. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Aspiration to double your sales by FY2025 or FY2026? 
Venugopal Nair: 
See it is four to five years and what we had taken in is in the next four to five years we will 
get there that is what we would put in there. 
Pratik Poddar: 
From FY2021 end or in FY2022 end that is what is my small question was, when should I 
consider four to five years from which year do you start? 
Venugopal Nair: 
When we had taken this target for ourselves it was based on the FY2020 numbers, now it 
has got delayed by a year and slightly more because of COVID and that is the way I would 
look at it. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Great. All the best. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital 
Partners LLP. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much Sir for the opportunity. Sir just a clarification you said in the last 
participant question that it is based on FY2020 as the base? 
Karunakaran M: 
That is right yes. You are talking of doubling the sales right? 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes. 
Karunakaran M: 
That is right because FY2021 was COVID impacted. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough and what is the margin level we are looking at like when we are looking at 
doubling the sales at that kind of level because the opportunity advantage will also play 
out? 
Karunakaran M: 
Because that is a too longer period Deepak. We prefer not to give guidance so I think Venu 
has already said that. We should be either close to high single digits or low double digit 
EBITDA margins at that time. That is the overall guidance we prefer to give it but I am sure 
you understand that five years is a long period. 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood and my last question is on your other income so we have seen lot of volatility in 
the other maybe it might be because of the rentals we were so just wanted to understand 
what kind of sustainable level we are looking at once things normalizes? 
Karunakaran M: 
You are absolutely spot on. I think you are referring to other income in GAAP income 
statement am I right? 
Deepak Poddar: 
Right. 
Karunakaran M: 
It is primarily the lease rental reduction. If you see AS116 and read with Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India’s latest guidelines last year due to COVID restriction what 
they have suggested is any lease rental reduction we should take it as an other income and 
that is the reason we have taken as an other income, otherwise our other income would be 
very, very nominal amount Deepak. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Like Rs.7 Crs to Rs.10 Crs a quarter right? 
Karunakaran M: 
Right anywhere between yes and what we also expect is the space on higher and other card 
income should go up once the business normalizes so that income should start coming in 
and the rental income reduction which is largely what has been included in Q2 will go 
away. 
Deepak Poddar: 
From Q3 onwards right that is what you mentioned because the wavier will go away from 
Q3? 
Karunakaran M: 
You are right. By and large it will not be there, but still we should be getting a small part of 
waiver for Q3 also. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I understand. Fair enough. That is all from my side. All the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on this growth from the smaller size tolls, now I 
see we have mentioned that the 20 stores we are looking to add until FY2023 are kind of 
around 20,000 square feet stores against an average of about 50,000 store this is something 
that we have spoken before as well that basically the smaller stores will drive higher 
productivity so just wanted to understand what is the experience we have seen in some of 
the stores we may have added in a smaller size when are we adding this, are we going deep 
into the existing cities or is the smaller store setup allowing us to grow much wider in our 
space in terms of covering more cities and if you could give a little flavor about how the 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 23 
economics are, is the smaller store helping you drive better economics, I am just coming 
from the point of view that we were seeing footfalls in the existing stores kind of plateauing 
or declining so is the smaller store giving you little better economics when you go into 
smaller cities as well? 
Venugopal Nair: 
In terms of the smaller footprint and it is smaller relative to where we were but they are still 
between 25,000 to 30,000 square feet stores that we open, which is one of the larger formats 
within the country. Where we had gone with these is twofold one in some of the existing 
cities where we already have a large number of stores and when we go into some of the 
more secondary catchments within that city, it helps us to add to our portfolio, reach to 
customers better, but in a more efficient way. Secondly and where the smaller stores are 
used more is in the Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities and the stores that we have opened, we have in 
Varanasi and we have more recently in Calicut and so on and so forth, there are a number of 
stores that we have opened and we are very, very pleased with the productivity that we are 
getting from these stores and the results that we get from them gives us encouragement to 
go much deeper and if I look at the next 10 stores that we are planning to open, I think eight 
of the 10 or seven of the 10 are in Tier-2 cities and the new cities where we may not have 
been, but equally also in some places it helps gives us the opportunity to open a second 
store like again for example I can give you is Seawoods in Vashi where we already have a 
store in Inorbit in Vashi and we opened a second store in Seawoods, which is the tighter 
store and the productivity numbers from there was extremely encouraging. Also what we do 
see is of course needless to say as you would know the newer stores the smaller stores have 
lesser capex and hence much faster payback and a far better productivity and also last but 
not the least increasingly we are also adopting a model where we have capital contribution 
to these stores from the landlords themselves so that again helps our payback. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is very helpful so basically I can now think that maybe because we are at a 
smaller store size hopefully the kind of store addition pace will pick up quite significantly 
because that will allow you to probably go much deeper into new cities that we had not seen 
in the last five years probably? 
Venugopal Nair: 
Absolutely you are very right and to put that in perspective if you look at our trajectory 
from 2015 to 2020 it was very, very muted in the first four years it was in the FY2019-
FY2020 that we did add 12 stores and that is the momentum that we now want to continue 
with. We had to hit the pause button because of COVID and because of the fact that a 
number of projects which we were involved in and the work had got stalled or stopped, but 
they have now all restarted and we are quite confident that we would open around eight to 
10 stores this financial year and continue at least 10 per year for the next coming years and 
accelerate that depending on availability of property and this is just the department large 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 23 
format stores I am talking of excluding the smaller format beauty stores which would be in 
addition to this. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood and do we think that anymore rejig left in the existing portfolio of stores? 
Venugopal Nair: 
When you say rejig you mean closures? 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Correct any kind of closures? 
Venugopal Nair: 
I think again closures is a norm that happens and that is something which we review every 
six months, we review the performance of the stores and based on performance of the stores 
if the market has shifted, the catchment has shifted, and it is not worthwhile and we will try 
and renovate stores after a certain period and the new investment into that store if we 
believe will not be worthwhile then we would take a call to either resize or shut the store as 
it may be, so I would just call it as ongoing business activity. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
I agree but generally the pace we have seen probably is slightly higher in the last couple of 
years probably 5% to 10% so that should come down right? 
Venugopal Nair: 
I think largely most of the corrections have happened so it is very unlikely that you would 
see a similar rate to what you saw in the last two years but I would not rule out a couple of 
them depending on where required. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood. This is very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivaji Mehta an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivaji Mehta: 
Sir thank you very much. All my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Binoy Jeriwala from Sunidhi Securities 
and Finance Limited. Please go ahead. 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Venu a couple of questions on the guidance that we have 
given of doubling sales over the next four to five years taking FY2020 as a base now in 
order to achieve this we would need to grow at roughly about 15% CAGR on FY2020 base 
right, we are adding stores at the base of roughly about 3 lakh square feet, which is 7% to 
8% of the retail area so which means that on a like-to-like basis our stores would need to 
growth at least closer to double digit range right at a SSG level can you just help me with 
your thoughts on this? 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Venugopal Nair: 
The growth would come from more than just the opening of new stores as you rightly 
pointed out new stores are a part of it, second is the improvement in the productivity of our 
existing stores and what we have found in both private brands and duty the productivity 
tends to be very, very strong. The third factor is how Omni channels and digital Sales and 
the digital sales would be in addition to what we get out of stores and that is the way we 
would look at it and that is the way we have planned for it and the fourth is also the growth 
in beauty that we look to do. So the space increase is about 8%. The like-to-like 
improvement would be like a single digit to close to double digits online and digital sales 
within that and finally the additional beauty stores, the new beauty stores that we are talking 
about. 
Binoy Jeriwala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question from the line of Ankit Kedia from 
PhillipCapital India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir in the usual remarks you gave an example of the Hyderabad stores where you had cut 
the size and the productivity was thin do you think that is possible in some of the existing 
stores as well to increase throughput and increase productivity? 
Venugopal Nair: 
There are a few stores where that are possible I would not want to get into the detail of how 
many, where, etc., but that is definitely a possibility and that is something which we will 
explore every time we look at the refurbishing an existing store. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir the second question is on retention rate of our First Citizen customer while the revenue 
contribution is between the 70% and 80% band on quarterly basis but what is the retention 
rate if you can highlight what percentage of customers actually shop in our customer base 
that will be more interesting actually how do you look at that? 
Venugopal Nair: 
I think it is a very good question. First overall First Citizen base is close to 8 million 
customers. At any point in time we roughly have between 40% to 45% of them who are 
active with us and active being defined as people who have shopped with us in the last one 
year that number dropped in the last one year clearly because of COVID as you would 
appreciate, but that tends to be the number, but also what we do find is of the people who 
have not shopped with us in the last 12 months do come back to us some of them would 
come back after 18 months and so on and so forth so that level of overall retention numbers 
tend to be very high. The second factor is while the 75% does include a certain number of 
customers who come in and who have shopped with us during the quarter who enrolled and 
shopped during the quarter so that is also part of the 75% and that is quite healthy because 
the fact that we get new customers to enroll is very, very important. If I just take last quarter 
as an example it was 63% was the absolutely repeat customers, balance 12% out of that 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 

 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
October 21, 2021 
 
Page 23 of 23 
75% were new enrolments who shopped during the quarter and that tends to be broadly the 
sort of numbers that we see on a regular basis. 
Ankit Kedia: 
My last question is to Karunakaran Sir. The gross margins if I look at 2019 and 2020 have 
been in the 42% band last six quarters while due to COVID and provisioning has been 
around 38% with increasing share of private labels when do you think we can go back to 
this 42% kind of a gross margin number? 
Karunakaran M: 
Ankit you are referring the GAAP numbers. I would not go by the GAAP numbers because 
GAAP numbers tend to fluctuate with the OR and SOR. If you see the non-GAAP numbers 
what we have given compared to last year it was around about 36.8% that has come to 35%. 
Two reasons one our e-com share has gone up because there is an adverse mix and second 
thing there is a one time we have some what you call peaks internally and we are working 
on that right now these are the two reasons otherwise our margins for Q2 is by and large as 
per what are in Q2 FY2020. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Understood. That is helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Venugopal Nair: 
Thank you Gaurav and I just want to once again thank everyone for taking time out and 
joining us for the call. I have and I had already summarized the way forward and the way 
we are looking and given that we are well past our time I do not want to take any more of 
everyone’s time. All I would like to say before we log off is to wish each and every one of 
you a very happy Diwali and look forward to continue to see yourselves and your friends 
and your family in our stores both offline and online. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
SIIOPPLRS STOP 
