November 10, 2021 
BSE Limited 
Deportment of Corporate Services, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
M 
B -
1. 
atlonaf Stock Exchange of lndla Umlted 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurlo Complex, 
Bondra (East), 
Mumbql - 400 051. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Transcript of Q2 FY2022 Egrnlngs Conference Call. 
~· 
LUPIN 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(2) read with Schedule Ill Part A( 15) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed is a copy of the Transcript of the Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference 
Call on Thursday, October 28, 2021. 
Kindly confirm having received and noted the above. 
Thanking you, 
For LUPIN LIMnED 
~ 
R. V. SATAM 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
(ACS • 11973) 
Encl.: a/a 
LUPIN LIMITED 
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Kalpataru Inspire, Off W. E. Highway, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055 India. Tel : (91-22) 6640 2323. 
Corporate Identity Number: L241OOMH1983PLC029442 
www.lupin.com 

 
 
 
 
 
“Lupin Limited Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 
DR. KAMAL SHARMA – VICE CHAIRMAN, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
MS. VINITA GUPTA – CEO, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
MR. NILESH GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH SWAMINATHAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL 
CFO AND HEAD CORPORATE AFFAIRS, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
MR. VISHAL RATHI – VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE FINANCE, 
LUPIN LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV TINANI – SENIOR MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND CORPORATE M&A, LUPIN LIMITED 
‘’ 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator:   
Hello everyone. Welcome to Lupin Limited Q2 FY2022 Earnings Call. Please 
note, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the opening remarks. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please raise your hand from the 
participant’s tab on your screen. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand over the conference over to the Lupin management. 
Thank you and over to you Sir. 
 
Kamal Sharma:  
Hello, Good afternoon and welcome to this earnings call. You have the results 
with you. I know you have lots of questions. I straightaway hand it over to our 
CFO, Mr. Ramesh Swaminathan to explain the financial details. Then we'll 
open the floor for question and answers. Over to you, Ramesh. 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Thank you Dr Sharma and welcome back friends. Hope that you and your 
family are keeping fine. I'll begin with the commentary on the sales. Sales for 
Q2 FY22 are INR 40.03 billion as compared to INR 42.37 billion in Q1 FY22, a 
5.5% degrowth and 5.9% growth as compared to Q2 FY21 sales. You’d 
recognize that adjusted for NCE licensing income in Q1 FY22, the QoQ growth 
is 3.6%, whilst the YoY growth is 5.9%. U.S. sales grew by 7.2% sequentially, 
at US$184 million in Q2 FY22 as compared to US$172 million in Q1 FY22 and 
grew by 2.2% YoY as compared to US$180 million in Q2 FY21. The QoQ 
increase was driven by the increase in the sales of our respiratory franchise 
led by incremental sales of albuterol and full quarter sales of Brovana AG. 
 
The India region saw a QoQ degrowth of 5.7% due to higher Covid second 
wave driven sales in Q1 and 16% YoY growth on the Covid impacted base in 
Q2 last year. India region sales were higher than the market growth rate 
across both the acute and chronic therapy areas, but were impacted by higher 
salience of chronic therapies, which grew at a slower pace. For API sales, QoQ 
growth at 8.9% was driven by higher quetiapine sales to Kyowa. Core API 
business was flat QoQ but down YoY due to lower volumes and demand. Sales 
for EMEA grew by 33.3% QoQ and 6.9% YoY due to higher sales across all 
markets as Covid restrictions are gradually easing. We also launched Luforbec 
i.e. generic of Fostair in Q2 in the U.K. market. Sales for growth markets grew 
by 4.9% QoQ and 19.6% YoY due to continued recovery in almost all markets 
- Mexico, Philippines and Australia.  
 
We have had some exceptional items this quarter, as you would recognize. 
One-time costs related to U.S. specialty restructuring of about INR 326 
million, of which INR 200 million is under the manufacturing and other 
expenses and about INR 126 million in employee benefit schemes. We 
provided for the Glumetza antitrust class action suit and that has been 
included in the results. There is also the impairment expense of INR 7,077 
million that's essentially related to the Solosec IP.  
 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The normalized operating EBITDA excluding Forex, other income and one-offs 
- that’s the NCE income in Q1 and specialty restructuring in Q2, moved up 
from 14.3% in Q1 FY22 to 14.9% in Q2 FY22. A positive impact of lower R&D, 
employee benefit expenses were offset by the fall in gross margins as well as 
an increase in SG&A expenses largely due to promotion, travel and plant 
operating expenses as well. Within Gross margins, royalty/profit-sharing 
expenses on certain in-licensed partnered products have been reclassified 
from Q1 FY22. On a comparable basis, the gross margin adjusted for such 
change would have been 62.7% of sales in Q2 FY21. Q2 FY22 gross margins 
was 59.4% as compared to Q1 FY22 gross margins adjusted for NCE licensing 
income of 60.5%. This is mainly due to the decline in API margins and offset 
by positive impact of higher U.S. sales and lower GIB sales. YoY drop from 
62.7% to 59.4% is on account of impact of higher royalty expenses, lower U.S. 
margins offset by positive revaluation impact. Employee benefit expenses is 
expected to normalize around 18%. We expect R&D to be around 8 - 8.5% 
going forward. The ETR is on expected lines and is expected to be less than 
30% for FY22. 
 
With this, may I open the floor for the discussions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may raise your hand from the participant’s tab on 
your screen. Participants are requested to use headphones or earphone while 
asking a question. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. We request you to please introduce yourself 
before asking the questions. 
 
                                            First question is from Mr. Kunal Dhamesha.  
 
Kunal Dhamesha:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, on the target that we had set in the last 
quarter in terms of U.S. revenue growing to around US$ 200 million per 
quarter run rate in second half of the FY22 and EBITDA margin reaching the 
17% to 18% level. Are we still on track to achieve that? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We're on track to achieve over US$ 200 million a quarter in the second half. 
On the EBITDA margin, at this point, we believe that we're going to improve 
our EBITDA margin for the second half to 16% plus level. 
  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. If I look at the gross margin closely this quarter, our U.S. has ramped up 
and ramp up would have been on the back of albuterol. So, is it that albuterol 
is now a lower gross margin product for us? It might be accretive on EBITDA 
margin, but on gross margin, is it a margin dilutive product? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Actually, the growth has been both albuterol as well as Brovana AG. We have 
55% share of the Brovana market. At this point, it's a material product for us. 
The gross margin on Brovana AG is lower than our average gross margins for 
the U.S. business. Albuterol is a high gross margin product. Brovana AG and 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
all our partnered products, are a nice complement to our internal portfolio 
and also accretive at the EBITDA margin levels.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Ms. Damayanti Kerai. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on your specialty 
restructuring in the U.S. After restructuring, what kind of cost savings you 
expect on a sustainable basis? And now what is the team size for Solosec? 
And in general, what is your specialty strategy for U.S. market going ahead? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
With the restructuring, we are going to have more than US$15 million 
annualized savings starting Q3. What we have retained is a skeleton structure 
comprised of market access as well as distribution. In the last couple of years, 
we have really built enough awareness on Solosec, and are at this time 
planning nonpersonal promotion of the product until we can get to a point 
where it justifies to really have a dedicated headcount visiting the physician's 
office. 
 
We now believe that with the current nonpersonal promotion strategy, we 
should be able to at least hold the current scripts at where they are, if not 
grow. Likewise, we have multiple pipeline programs that we have developed 
on the women's health front. We are pretty far along in getting those pipeline 
programs funded by partners. So, in effect, what we have done is reduce the 
current burn from specialty but retained the optionality to build specialty in 
the future. We'll really look at how things evolve on our overall business. The 
focus in the near term is to execute on the generic front, which is the biggest 
part of our growth for the company as well as the business in the U.S. and 
have the optionality to build specialty in the future. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Ma'am, one clarification on specialty pipeline assets going ahead, you 
mentioned optionality. So, are we going to do all products in partnership 
rather than taking all expenses on our books? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We are basically working on getting funding partnerships on the pipeline. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Just to clarify, if there are commercial assets that we like, which would be 
accretive, obviously that would not be a partnership. We would make 
investments if we found the right assets. But the focus right now is on 
execution on generics and India business, and getting both of these to a very 
solid position. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And my second question is, can you provide update on key respiratory 
pipeline assets? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Beyond the products that we have in the market i.e. albuterol and Brovana 
AG in the U.S., gFostair in the U.K. which is launched very successfully, the 
largest one in the near term is gSpiriva, where we've entered into a 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
settlement with BI on the litigation front. That’s really taken away the 
litigation risk. We've got a very favorable date that we will look forward to 
disclosing in the future. We are working right now towards getting the 
product approved. 
 
We recently responded fully to CRL that the agency had raised. Expect to get 
approval in the next calendar year. So, that should be a material growth driver 
in the near future. We continue to make progress on other pipeline programs 
like gDulera, and we have gFlovent, gSymbicort, gQvar in our pipeline. We 
also have the next wave platforms - ellipta device that we have developed in-
house and are developing programs on the device. So, really a rich pipeline of 
inhalation products in the years to come. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Anubhav Aggarwal. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Just one question, Ramesh sir, clarity on other operating income which was 
pretty high in this quarter at INR 879 million. We were doing about INR 250 – 
300 million so far. So, was there some one-off in this quarter in the other 
operating income? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Yes, there was a litigation avoidance component. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
So, what's the usual run rate, should we still continue to build about INR 250 
- 300 million for the next 1 or 2 quarters? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Yes, that should be pretty okay. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Okay. You talked about in June, after the Board meeting, you mentioned that 
you want to get into digital health business, and recently you started the 
diagnostic arm as well. Can you talk about what you plan to do in digital health 
piece of the business? Secondly, in diagnostics in next 3 – 4 years -- are you 
expecting that to be INR 2-3 billion kind of business? Anything you can talk 
about? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Both the digital health as well as the diagnostics are not the dominant part of 
the India story. The India story very much is prescription branded generic 
products, even generic-generic products, and to a lesser extent, OTC 
products. There's a full diagnostics rollout next week onwards. We will be 
commercial, we'll be operational. We believe that this is a great adjacency to 
our prescription business. We'll see how it shapes up. Premature to give 
guidance on where the numbers will head. But obviously the numbers have 
to become meaningful. We believe that this piece is big enough, wide enough 
for us to be able to grow. 
 
 
On the digital side, I think there are many initiatives that are underway. I think 
we're still looping them all together. Obviously with the Covid period, we 
moved to digital detailing to doctors, that continues even now. Each 
representative would make a digital detail to a doctor in addition to the 
requisite physical ones as well. There is a tele consult platform that we're 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
launching as well. There's a whole bunch of initiatives there. Again, premature 
to loop all of it together and say where does this go from a revenue 
perspective. 
 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Okay. That's helpful. Vinita, in terms of the specialty business, the US$15 
million you take out, but what's remaining there? Is it like US$5-10 million 
kind of number on an annualized basis, which you are still spending there, or 
not even that much? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It's around US$5 million to really keep the distribution and access going. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Surya Patra. 
 
Surya Patra: 
On the albuterol side, can you clarify whether the full benefit of albuterol in 
terms of 18% - 20% kind of market share what you have been indicating, that 
is visible in the current quarter, means Q2 number? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. It is ramping up. In the last couple of IQVIA data points, we are at 16% 
share of the entire market, 20% of the generic market. We are the third 
largest player now in the albuterol market, and it is ramping up. We've seen 
some growth for albuterol QoQ. You'll see more so in Q3 and Q4. 
 
Surya Patra: 
And in terms of R&D spend side, if you can give some clarity here since now 
there is a kind of a revised thought process in terms of spending, in terms of 
asset allocation about the specialty business. So, what would be the R&D 
spend mix and outlook for that, considering specialty and generic? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It should be at a similar level as the first half, ~INR 3.5 billion a quarter. As 
Ramesh said, it should be 8.5% of sales for the year. As I mentioned on the 
specialty programs, we're getting them funded. We were able to get very 
lucrative funding for it. The primary focus on the R&D front is a complex 
generic portfolio, other limited competition oral solid portfolio and 
biosimilars. I'd say the bulk of the investments on the R&D front are geared 
towards complex generics and biosimilars. On the oncology NCE programs, 
we're pursuing a plan that will help us spin it out.  
 
Surya Patra: 
Would we see any kind of moderation in the R&D spend on an absolute 
number moving ahead? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, we would see in the next couple of years, the R&D as a percentage of net 
sales coming down. I think we should be able to maintain this 8% level and 
then bring it down as we grow our revenues. But it should be at a similar level 
going forward based on the pipeline that we are pursuing. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Even as an absolute number, obviously we have ended at this level, and the 
intention like Vinita said, in H2, is to hold it at the same level as what was for 
H1. 
 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Surya Patra: 
Just last one question on the diagnostic initiative. What is the strategy that 
we are thinking? Or what is the kind of a strength or synergy that we are kind 
of driving from the existing business for this new initiative? And what would 
be your thought process here, whether being a new entrant, you would be 
focusing more on the cities, metros like that, where the competition will be 
higher, or even from the day 1 like try to capture as much as of the Tier 2 cities 
as well? Or what would be the strategy here? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
First of all, I want to be candidly clear. I would not build too much of 
expectation around the diagnostics foray. That is something that we are 
starting, it's something that we will get into. I'm sure we'll make our share of 
mistakes. The core focus in India very clearly, I'm reiterating is the 
prescription business. We have always grown 20% to 30% more than the 
market, and the goal is to continue doing that on the Rx side of the business. 
The diagnostic foray is a full rollout. It is a national play. But it will be 
calibrated, it will be stage gated. There are key metrics that have to be met as 
we decide how and if to scale it up as well. I would wait for it to roll out. We'll 
be more than happy to come back and talk about it as it gets more 
meaningful. 
 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Just on the margin outlook front, if you can talk something more 
about because there are so many changes in the business model that we are 
anticipating and there is a conscious effort also to improve the profitability of 
the consolidated number and all that. So, what triggers that you are thinking 
that should be taking Lupin as a profitably growing company going ahead? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Last year, we did grow our margins from 14.6% to 16.6% to 18.6% and 
eventually to 18.8%. When we started this year, we expected the tempo to 
be kind of sustained. Unfortunately, there were a couple of setbacks, the first 
being famotidine. There was more than expected competition with 2 
competitors coming in, whilst we expected only 1, and that too sometime 
later. There's, of course the move away from spot sales for albuterol to more 
long-term contracts. Further, there was an element of FTS. All of this were 
setbacks and it did impact our gross margins. We also explained, the 
accounting treatment change for partnered products.  
 
But having said that, there's tremendous commitment to maintenance of 
initiatives on reducing costs which includes procurement excellence, route to 
synthesis and all of that. More importantly, I think one of the issues that we've 
faced is essentially not being in high realization products. As you would know, 
we've got a pipeline. We've got a plan to bring a lot of those products together 
over time. Continuing on the same front, there is a lot of rationalization 
happening when it comes to the sales force, productivity out there and when 
it comes to the R&D spend and the like. Apart from that, we spoke last time 
around also on restructuring endeavors, which includes, in fact the NCE 
spinoff and a host of other things, including specialty and the like.  

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
So, there is the march towards recognizing the fact that we are behind the 
curve when it comes to the EBITDA margins. It's a march that is on and we are 
very confident and committed to getting to the 20% mark, but we wouldn't 
like to put a timeline to it, but it will certainly happen in the next few quarters. 
And for sure, you would see the incremental things coming through in Q3 and 
Q4 also. As Vinita and Nilesh committed, it could be above the 16% mark in 
the quarters to come. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Ms. Nithya Balasubramanian. 
 
Nithya Balasubramanian: This is Nithya from Bernstein Research. So, my first question is on the India 
market. If you look at IQVIA data, unfortunately, chronic therapies like 
diabetes or cardiology are showing slightly lesser growth than what we're 
used to seeing. Given Lupin's exposure to chronic therapies, are these 
numbers something that you are seeing in the market as well? Or is your 
covered market growing faster than that? And is there any likely impact -- any 
hypothesis on why we are seeing this slowdown in growth? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Internally, first of all, our growth in Q2 was 17.4% versus the market reported 
growth of 15.4%. Both on the acute and the chronic side, we grew faster than 
the market. The IQVIA reflection is what it is. The acute side is really what has 
driven growth through the Covid period. It continues to be an important part. 
It's coming down, it came down in Q2, it's going to come down even more in 
Q3 to Q4 as well. We made a conscious decision to focus on chronic therapies, 
probably some 20 years ago. I think its reaped rich rewards. In our entire peer 
set, the amount that we draw from chronic is the highest. We believe that 
means sticky, sustainable growth. Our goal very clearly on the chronic side is 
to grow 20% - 30% higher than the market growth rate.  
 
There is a slowdown, especially with the Covid period, there was definitely a 
slowdown. For example, respiratory was a terrible slowdown last year, it's 
come back with a big bang at this point of time. Diabetes seems to be slow at 
this point of time. We believe that it's possibly a function of patient footfalls. 
Again, patient footfalls are back, so we would expect for this to pick up. We 
would continue to do 20% - 30% more. I think the hypothesis remains the 
same, the focus is there on the chronic therapies. There are other chronic 
therapies where we're not as strong. For example, in CNS or in gastro, our 
goal would be to build in those spaces as well. They are all great growth areas, 
still an extremely fragmented market and a lot of room for growth 
 
Nithya Balasubramanian: Got it. My next question was on your biosimilars pipeline. If you can give us 
an update on your filing and the pipeline? And are you looking for, again 
external funding by partners? Or will this be funded through your internal 
R&D? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
We're pretty happy with where we are with the biosimilar portfolio to date. 
Funding has been a concern and it has been a part of our story so far. Our lead 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
product was Etanercept, which is approved in Japan and Europe. One day it 
will come to the U.S. when the patent expires. Our first lead product to the 
U.S. is peg-G, which we filed. It's going through the review process nicely. We 
don't see any showstoppers right now. A key milestone is going to be a likely 
inspection of the facility, there's some to and fro on when that might happen. 
The next product is ranibizumab, which is in development. There's a global 
clinical trial underway, ran slower on account of Covid, but again we hope to 
ramp that up going forward.  
 
There are 2 - 3 new products which are in the earlier stages of development 
in the pipeline as well. With the way that Lupin is able to fund this, obviously 
there is a constraint on how many of these projects we can finance. Vinita 
talked last quarter about a spinout of, one was the oncology, the second was 
likely the biosimilars, the third was also taking care of the specialty expense. 
So, we've done the specialty expense. We're on the way on the oncology spin 
out as well. The biosimilar spinout is certainly something that stays on the 
table as a discussion item. We do hope to be able to action that. I think that 
would free up the way for a lot more portfolio expansion, not necessarily 
waiting for a funding partner to tie up on a project-by-project basis and it will 
give a lot of latitude to development. But in the meanwhile, we cherry pick. 
We do 2 or 3 products at a point of time, likely 1 or 2 products in the clinic.  
 
At any point of time, we have great capability on the R&D, manufacturing, 
drug substance, drug product side, on the regulatory side. There is great 
capability to be used globally as far as biosimilar is concerned. It is going to be 
a good growth opportunity. But I think the financing story has to still play out. 
 
Nithya Balasubramanian: A quick follow-up on pegfilgrastim. So, assuming you secure an approval in 
FY23, will you also be investing then in building a commercial infrastructure 
to push the product in U.S. and wherever else you file it? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. So, the major opportunity is really in the U.S. with pegfilgrastim. It was 
very late in Europe with that product. We have other products that we are 
still focused on Europe, but the opportunity is really in the U.S. We will 
definitely look at investments to effectively commercialize and start our 
biosimilars business in the U.S. effectively and really calibrate it versus the 
opportunity. 
 
We also have a follow-on for pegfilgrastim, the Onpro biosimilar. We're going 
to have both pegfilgrastim as well as the Onpro biosimilar. There's going to 
be a timing gap. We will assess whether it make sense to try to club them 
together to be able to leverage the commercial investment or launch 
pegfilgrastim ahead of the on-body product. We hope that we have the 
opportunity to launch next fiscal year. Like Nilesh mentioned, it's going to 
depend on the inspection. The agency has already informed us that they will 
have to inspect the site. We'll wait for that milestone to pass and then 
determine the right timing to set up commercial infrastructure. 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
I'll also say that the commercial infrastructure for biosimilars has synergies 
with our injectables institutional portfolio. We are simultaneously building 
our injectables portfolio as well, both internally through our pipeline as well 
as through partnerships, through in-licensing. We'll determine the exact 
timing to be able to really get an effective portfolio as we enter the market, 
both with pegfilgrastim as well as the institutional products. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Sameer Baisiwala. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Good evening everyone. Vinita, just to be sure, so are you still looking for 
Spiriva launch in the U.S. in fiscal '23? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Sameer, we just had a settlement where we agreed not to disclose the date 
until the product approval. As I mentioned, it continues to be a material 
growth driver in the near term. We don't change our guidance on the product 
from what we have shared so far. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
It's a very favorable date. We recognize that this is a clear part of our 
inhalation build over the years to come. Obviously, we were not going to 
compromise that. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We were very pleased to really take the litigation risk out. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Excellent. Second is on pegfil onpro filing. Is this a separate dossier, separate 
clinical trials? And what exactly is the status on this? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes, it's undergoing development. It's going to be a supplement on to our 
pegfilgrastim product, but there are additional studies that we have 
undertaken. We expect to file it in the next fiscal year, fiscal year '23. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay. So, it is at least about 18 months behind the regular pegfil? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. You're right. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Great. The other question is on the 20 exclusive FTF opportunities, the ANDAs 
for which you have filed. So, of these 20, what could be the launch 
expectation over the next, say 18 months? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We have a couple of the first to files. The major ones - we’ve already talked 
about gSpiriva, we’ve talked about Pegfilgrastim, we have gSuprep that we 
expect September next year. So, we have a couple of others next year as well, 
but these are the major products for next year. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Great. One final from my side. What's holding back Revlimid settlement? And 
are you still on course for 2022 launch? 
 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We are still working through our strategy on settlement. We'll determine 
what makes sense from a risk perspective. We're still under negotiations. I 
can't really talk more about it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Harith Ahmed. 
 
Harith Ahmed: 
On generic ProAir, the other approved generic that left the market sometime 
last year. Will you be able to give some sense of when they're likely to return? 
I see that their ANDA is currently under discontinued status. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We haven't heard of any new developments with their product. We know that 
the site where they were manufacturing the product also had an issue 
recently with the agency. So, we think that it’s at least not in the next 12 
months. We don't see the competitive dynamics on albuterol, ProAir changing 
anytime in the near future. 
 
Harith Ahmed: 
Okay. On generic Spiriva. I see that there's been some switch from the DPI 
version which we filed, to MDI version which was launched more recently. So 
how should we think of the opportunity by the time we launch in terms of the 
opportunity that is left in the DPI product? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Still a material opportunity despite the switch and more importantly the 
expansion of the market. Respimat also expanded the market for the product. 
Certainly, it's another pipeline program for us. But we still look at the 
HandiHaler, the DPI as a material opportunity for us in the next couple of 
years. 
 
Harith Ahmed: 
Okay. Then last one on biosimilars. So, what percentage of our R&D will be 
into biosimilars? And could you also share the gross block related to our 
manufacturing facility for biosimilars? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Less than 10% of our R&D spend is in biosimilars.  
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
The gross block is less than INR 5 bn at this stage, much less than that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Nitin Agarwal. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
On the U.S., you mentioned a portfolio of inhaler products which are under 
development. Now Spiriva, obviously you guided to. But for the other 
products, what would be the tentative broad timelines that we can look at for 
the market formation? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
After gSpiriva, gDulera is around the same time. We're working with the 
agency right now on gDulera. We have gQvar which is pretty far long in 
development. Then behind that, we have products like gSymbicort and 
gFlovent. After that the Ellipta products and Respimat products. 
 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Right. So, will we have a position where we probably have -- maybe launches 
literally coming in every year, starting next year onwards. So, is that a fair way 
to look at? Or the way the development pipeline is there, we probably will 
have a little bit of a lag before the rest of the pipeline begins to kick in post-
Spiriva? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We are hoping that we should be able to get one a year after Spiriva. I think 
we should meet that position given the status of our pipeline 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
That's great. Secondly, a little bit more near term, with Spiriva, Suprep that 
you mentioned, it starts to come through September of next year. Over the 
next 3 to 4 quarters, how should we see the U.S. business? We’ve talked 
about a scale of US$200 million. What is going to drive that as we go forward? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Really the ramp-up of albuterol is a big one, which we’ve already started 
seeing in the last couple of weeks, months. Brovana AG continues to be a big 
opportunity, given our strategy to launch a few weeks before the rest of the 
generics. They certainly continue to be good growth drivers. Our team has 
worked very hard to win back some of the business that we lost on the 
baseline through the supply challenges that we had in the last year through 
Covid. We lost a good number of products and market share, if you recall, that 
we talked about in the last quarter, especially with Express Scripts breaking 
out of WBAD. Our team has done a really good job in building the baseline 
back again.  
 
So, you'll see a better baseline. The older in-line products and then really 
ramp up of albuterol and Brovana AG for our contracted volume, contracted 
customers and then executing some of the new product launches. We have a 
few like Sevelamer, we expect to launch fairly soon. We have a couple more 
products that we'll have the opportunity to launch. Then we have our 
partnered products, for which I know we don't like the impact on the gross 
margin, but on a net basis, significant contribution to our profitability. We 
recently launched the AG to Duexis, and we continue to work on our 
partnered portfolio. We have a very rich pipeline of partnered products that 
we are working on right now that, hopefully, we should be able to announce 
soon that will again help us grow our revenues as well as bottom line. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And if I can squeeze on associated point on that. You talked about getting 
market share back in the in-line products. Last six months, there has been a 
lot of talk about the resurfacing of the pricing pressure in the U.S. How is that 
environment shaping up? Is there any easing off? And when do you see things 
sort of coming back to a more normalized behavior on the pricing front? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
It's hard to predict. Every time we say something, and we correct ourselves 
the next quarter. I'd say that the majority of our peers are talking about 
pricing pressure in the mid to high single digits. We continue to see that. It's 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
very important to be able to continue to work on cost saving efforts on the 
baseline, the in-line products and execute on the new product launches. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Shyam Srinivasan. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Just first one is on this Glumetza antitrust settlement. So, is this the end of 
it, in terms of are there other litigations that are still there? Or at this point 
of time, we think we have provided through this settlement for most of 
those claims? 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. We believe we have put it behind us. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Got it. And Vinita just to step back and look at the history of Glumetza, it's 
been a name that's been associated with us. Just what are some of the 
learnings out of this entire process? I think given that litigation has been 
especially pay-for-delay and other such litigations, how should we look at 
pricing our products in the U.S. specifically? 
Vinita Gupta: 
I mean, when you think about actually the execution, when we launched the 
product, I wouldn’t do anything differently. From our perspective, we had got 
an early date to launch, when we were in a situation in 2012 that we were 
going to lose the patent case. We got a negative Markman hearing and were 
about to lose the patent case and got a date before the patent in question, 
which obviously brought a generic early to market. In the interim Valeant 
raised the price of the drug and increased the price 10x, so it became a very 
different opportunity. At the same time, we bought US$0.5 billion worth of 
savings to the U.S. customers and government and payers. So, to be honest, 
on the commercialization front, I wouldn’t do anything differently.  
 
Then would we do a no AG kind of settlement? No. That changed from 2012 
to even 2014. In 2012, when we did the settlement, AGs were considered 
uncompetitive. They were considered as that they would cut the exclusivity 
of the first to file. Then there was a case that changed it a couple of years 
after. I think the learning is really on the settlement front, we wouldn't do a 
no-AG settlement anymore. But from a commercial perspective, I wouldn't 
have done anything differently. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Got it. That's very helpful. The second question is on capital allocation. Just 
in terms of we have reduced our exposure to the U.S. spec business. It looks 
like we're investing in biosimilars. So just want to understand what the 
capital allocation priorities are for us. If you could highlight in either areas, in 
geographic areas or product segments that Lupin will probably invest for the 
next 3 - 5 years? 
Vinita Gupta: 
Maybe I can start and then, Nilesh will add to this, Ramesh as well. Our 
priorities are very clear. At this point, our base business, the U.S. generic 
business, complex generics, biosimilars, of what we believe a very high-

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
growth, high-margin business in the future is a big priority for us. India is a big 
priority for us. Leveraging our portfolio across other geographies, the 
inhalation platform, the biosimilars have very strong potential across our 
other key geographies, Europe, Australia, Canada and the like. So, leveraging 
the portfolio and trying to really figure out what’s the best way we can get 
the full impact of our platforms across geographies is the other major area 
that we are investing into. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
If I can add. I think the amount of capital that we're allocating is coming down 
a little bit. Certainly, we see the reason to moderate in the U.S. Vinita already 
talked about specialty. But even on the generic side, you can see that the R&D 
investment is coming down. The intention would be to keep it there, focused 
on the complex generics and biosimilars. We believe that those are incredible 
growth opportunities. We believe that the capital that we allocate to the 
generic business in the U.S. has to come down, and we are taking the right 
steps towards that. A small portion of that will go into investing into markets 
like India, whether it's R&D or manufacturing. 
 
I think there is a very conscious capital allocation change, which is happening. 
There was a period where we were very heavily weighted towards generics in 
the U.S., that is moderating a little bit and bringing back more focus to India 
and in terms of also maximizing our portfolio globally. Ramesh, do you want 
to add? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
Yes. I think both of you have articulated our strategy pretty well. You’d 
recognize that money should flow where the yield is going to be the highest. 
From that perspective, the endeavor on a lot of the organic part is on the 
complex and differentiated products. We would be calibrated in terms of our 
evaluation of the risk itself and where we believe the risk is very high, we 
would partner with the financial partners, taking away the risk element from 
the overall risk score itself. 
 
And if your question is directed towards M&A. We've learned our lesson and 
to that extent, any aggression on that score would be very heavily debated 
and we would view it accordingly. On the newer ones that I think have been 
raised in this call, diagnostics and digital, the factors, as Nilesh very clearly 
articulated, it's going to be baby steps in that direction. The major theme is 
going to be on the existing business itself. We would take a very calibrated 
approach in the way we allocate capital towards that and watch out for 
returns before we start investing more in that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Prakash Agarwal. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Just one clarification. I just wanted to clarify if I heard that right that over 16% 
margin, was it for H2 or fiscal '22? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
For H2. 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. What is the reason for the second reset? I mean last quarter, we had 
talked about this famotidine pricing pressure, reclassification, etc. So, despite 
we talking about entering albuterol long-term contracts from Q3, which is 
incremental sales coming through, specialty costs coming down. So, all these 
is incremental that should add up? So, what has really changed versus last 
quarter that we are taking another 100, 200 basis point reset? 
 
Ramesh Swaminathan: 
There are several moving parts. You would also appreciate that material 
prices, and in a general sense, inflation seems to be raging across every part 
of the globe. We would like to be prudent, in terms of our estimation of the 
way margins should pan out. You would recognize that there are issues 
around, KSM imports from China, for example the pen G prices are close to 
about US$25. Not so long ago, it was US$8 and moved to US$12 and now 
US$25. All of this obviously has an impact. Our ability to pass on to the 
customers, to the channel partners is something that we need to gauge. All 
of these would actually cause us to be a little more prudent in our outlook 
towards things. 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
If I can add to that, Ramesh, the other piece, especially related to the U.S. 
business is the flu season products. We have pretty much taken the flu season 
products out from our estimates for the second half. We really don't know 
how it's going to pan out. We're not seeing any uptick right now in products 
like Tamiflu or the Cephalosporins. We have idle costs in those facilities. We 
hope that will change. We're hearing that in December, we should see a 
severe flu season, but it's yet to be seen. We are not seeing it in the customer 
forecast and estimates or the buying pattern. So, the adjustment is on the 
business front on one side, the inflationary pressures on the other side like 
Ramesh mentioned, about the flu season products, which are impacting both 
our U.S. business as well as our API business. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Second one is on the U.S. FDA. So, we had couple of visits, I understand, and 
then there are some repeat observations. So, what is the current status? And 
the view that we take that by when do we start seeing some resolution? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Somerset, we've talked about that in the past, so I wouldn't go back there. 
Goa is obviously relatively fresh. We had 7 observations. None of the 
observations were characterized by the FDA as a repeat observation, 
although there are obviously some commonalities that we see with some of 
the observations. I shared earlier today that we feel that the observations are 
very readily addressable. We in our first update would address 6 out of the 7, 
and the last observation would take maybe a month or 2 more. But we feel 
very good about addressing these observations comprehensively for Goa as 
well as for all of Lupin. I do think that we are moving ahead. I don't like the 
fact that we had 7 observations, but like I said, these are very addressable. 
We're very conscious that we have to demonstrate with outcomes as far as 
what we do on the regulatory side. So, we're hoping that we should be able 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
to close the Goa inspection successfully. We're ready for inspections at our 
other sites like Pithampur and Tarapur. FDA has now sporadically started 
inspections in India. Obviously, these sites will get inspected at some point in 
the next few months or quarters to come. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay timelines for you to close out and get approval? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Like I said, in the next few months, the next 2 -3 months, we expect to be able 
to close out all the observations, undertake all our actions in line with all the 
observations that we had. Then it goes back to the FDA to make an 
assessment. There is obviously a process within the FDA to follow. Hard to 
predict that accurately. But in the next 3 to 6 months, we should know well 
on where the site resides in the eyes of the FDA. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. Is Spiriva linked to Goa or Pithampur. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
No. Spiriva is from our inhalation facility in Pithampur Unit-3. The FDA has 
been to that site. We have albuterol from that site. We have filed some of our 
derm products from that site. They've been to that site for Tiotropium also in 
the past. It is completely unconnected, and that site has had a pretty solid 
record. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
That's great to know. And last one on the injectable, complex injectable that 
Vinita has alluded to. So, in the past, we had partnered with one of the 
players, ForDoz -- where are we on the development stage?  
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Yes. We're making progress on the clinical development, and we were 
expecting to file it this fiscal year, and I think it's on track to file gDoxil this 
fiscal year and gAmBisome in the next fiscal year. Apart from that, we also 
have our own first depot product risperidone in the clinic. @e are in 
recruitment there. Have made progress also on the peptide products. We 
have glucagon that we should be in a position to file this quarter, our second 
peptide product. Really making progress across the complex injectable 
pipeline. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
The second half fiscal '23 is what we last said that you'd start seeing some 
approvals. Are we on track on that? Or there might be plus/minus on that? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
We should. 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Yes. Absolutely. We're also filling about 3 to 5 ANDAs out of our Nagpur 
facility and those are the ones that you'll start seeing coming in from FY 23. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constrains, we'll take the last question from Mr. 
Sameer Baisiwala. 
 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
The question here is on Fostair and Enbrel. Do you think these have the 
potential to become sizable? I know what that is, maybe US$50 million per 
annum. What's the timeframe that you're looking for? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
gFostair certainly has a significant potential, Sameer. We've seen really good 
reception to the product in U.K. and believe that it will be a very strong 
double-digit product in the U.K. next year. Then we launch in the other 
European countries through our partners. So, certainly has the potential of 
US$50-plus million. I think the build on gFostair is in the next 2 to 3 years, just 
given the patent expiries across the different countries and the time it takes 
to build up, because it's more like a branded buildup as opposed to a pure 
generic.  
 
And bEnbrel, Mylan is launching in other countries right now. They recently 
launched in France. They're getting ready to launch in other countries as well. 
I think that in the next two years, bEnbrel should be in a very good place. I 
don't know about US$50 million, but certainly strong double digit between 
US$20 - 30 million. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
That would be Lupin's share? 
 
Vinita Gupta: 
Exactly, yes. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay. Great. The other question is on diagnostics. Nilesh, is it a question of 
FOMO, fear of missing out, they get 20x sales, you get 20x earnings? What's 
really behind this? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
I think there was a very conscious decision to pursue adjacencies in India. 
India is a market that we know best. We have a very strong position, especially 
in some therapies, we have a very solid position. The idea was, how do you 
leverage that? Obviously, you do everything that you can from an Rx 
perspective, from an OTC perspective. We feel that there is a hook for 
diagnostic. We feel that there is a hook for digital health as well. 
 
Honestly speaking, time will tell. It's different from what other people have 
done. I think there's a great first mover opportunity here. We're going to ramp 
this up quickly. But like I said, it's going to be calibrated, it's going to be stage 
gated. It's never going to be the dominant story. The story is the prescription 
story that's already INR 60 billion. It's going to be INR 100 billion in the next 
five years. Everything else fails in comparison with that from a size growth 
perspective. But we see these as adjacencies that can really help build. Create 
much more touch points with doctors, much more touch points with 
consumers. Honestly, keep us at the front end of things as far as India is 
concerned. I think the story will unveil in the next couple of years, and we're 
looking to make it a very nice story of Lupin in India. 
 

 
October 28, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Sure. We'll wait for that. But just a related question. Can this be a big margin 
drag, something that we are trying very hard to lift over the next say 2 to 4 
quarters? 
 
Nilesh Gupta: 
Absolutely not. First of all, this is all consolidated within the India business. 
We are making sure that, that business in itself keeps providing the lift that it 
has provided in the last few years as well. We would absolutely not do 
anything to drag down margin. We understand that our margin is well under 
anything that we had in the past and well under our peers as well. Our 1 goal 
is to shore up that margin in H2, into the next year firmly to the 20% and then 
start getting back to being leaders of the pack. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand over the conference to the management for closing 
comments.  
 
Kamal Sharma:  
Thank you very much, and I hope you have the clarifications for your 
questions. We hope to see you in the next quarter again. Meanwhile, take 
care of yourselves and your families as well. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Lupin Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now exit the webinar. 
