Ref: SECT: STOC: 95-21 
October 25, 2021 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower's, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 519552 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Sandi-a (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code: HERITGFOOD 
Sub: 
Transcript and Audio recording of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst on 
October 22, 2021. 
In Continuation of our letter dated October 14, 2021 the Company had organized a conference 
call with the Investors/ Analysts on Friday, October 22, 2021 at 16.00 PM (IST) for Q2 & Hl-FY22 
Financial Result. A copy of Transcript of conference call held with the Investors/ Analysts is 
enclosed herewith and the same has also been put up on the Company's Website at 
www.heritagefods..in. 
In Compliance with the Regulation 30, Schedule III Part-A, Para-A (15) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, we wish to inform you that the 
Company also uploaded the audio recording of the above said Conference Call on the website of the 
Company i.e. www.heritagefoods.in and web link of the same is as follow: 
* We hereby inform that the above audio recording of the Conference Call is uploaded as a Zip file on
the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
Kindly take the same on record and display the same on the website of your exchange. 
Thanks & Regards, 
For HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: FCS-6317
Encl: a/a 
About the Company: 
Heritage Foods founded in the year 1992 is one of the fastest growing Private Sector Enterprises in India, with two business 
divisions' viz., Dairy and Renewable Energy under its flagship company Heritage Foods Limited and Cattle feed business 
through its subsidiary, Heritage Nutrivet Limited (HNL). Presently Heritage's milk and milk products have market presence in 
Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Odisha, NCR Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and 
Uttarakhand. It has total renewable energy generation capacity of 10.39 MW from both Solar and Wind for captive 
consumption of its dairy factories. 
HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
CIN: L15209TG1992PLC014332 
AN ISO: 22000 CERTIFIED COMPANY 
Regd. Off:# 6-3-541/C, Panjagutta, Hyderabad - 500 082. Telangana, INDIA. Tel.: +91-40-23391221, 23391222, Fax: 23326789, 23318090 
Email: hfl@heritagefoods.in, Website : www.heritagefoods.in 
FSMS002 
https://www.heritagefoods.in/uploads/investors/pdf/16351556827Q2_Concall_Audio.mp3

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Heritage Foods Limited Q2 & H1 FY22  
Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 22, 2021 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MRS. N. BRAHMANI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED  
DR. M. SAMBASIVA RAO – PRESIDENT, HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
MR. A. PRABHAKAR NAIDU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
MR. S. N. KESAVAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED  
MR. J. SAMBA MURTHY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
MR. VINEY VATAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HERITAGE NUTRIVET LIMITED 
MR. UMAKANTA BARIK – COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER, 
HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HIRAL KENIA – DICKENSON WORLD 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Good day ladies and gentlemen and a very warm welcome to the Heritage Foods Q2 and H1 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Hiral Keniya from Dickenson World. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Hiral Keniya: 
Thank you Asad. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Con-Call of Heritage 
Foods for Q2 and H1 FY22. Today, we have with us the management of Heritage Foods represented by 
Mrs. N. Brahmani – Executive Director, Dr. M. Sambasiva Rao – President, Mr. A. Prabhakar Naidu – 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. S. N. Kesavan – Chief Executive Officer, Mr. J. Samba Murthy – Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Viney Vatal – CEO, Heritage Nutrivet, Mr. Umakanta Barik – Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer, Heritage Foods.  
Before we get started, I would like to remind you that the remarks today might include forward looking 
statements and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by forward looking 
statement. Any statement we make on this call today is based on our assumptions as on date and we 
have no obligation to update this statement as a result of new information or future events. I would now 
invite Dr. M. Sambasiva Rao from Heritage Foods to make his opening remarks. Thank you over to 
you sir.  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Thank you Mr. Hiral. Good evening to everyone joining us today on this call. We are pleased to 
welcome you all to this earnings call of Heritage Foods to discuss the financial and operating 
performance of Quarter 2 and H1 of the current financial year 2022. 
The presentation with results has been uploaded on the exchanges and I'm sure everyone of you must 
have got a chance to look at it. However, I'll give you an overview of the financial and operational 
highlights for the Q2 and H1 FY22. 
Consolidated revenue for Q2 FY22 grew by 10% year-on-year (YoY) at Rs. 6,703 million despite 
severe rains and a couple of cyclones in our important markets. EBITDA during Q2 FY22 stood at Rs. 
637 million as compared to Rs. 873 million during the previous year same quarter. The margin stood at 
9.5% in Q2 FY22 as against 14.3% during the Quarter 2 last year, mainly on account of higher raw 
material costs during this year. During the current quarter PAT stood that 328 million. The board of 
directors has proposed an interim dividend of Rs. 2.50 per equity share i.e 50% of the face value of Rs. 
5 per equity share for FY22.  
Now I take you through the first H1 FY22 numbers: 
Consolidated revenue grew by 5.6% YoY at Rs. 13,184 million on account of higher sales of milk and 
value-added products. EBITDA during the H1 stood at Rs. 11,158 million as compared to Rs. 1,432 
million during the first half of last year. EBITDA margins stood at 8.8% during the H1 FY22, PAT 
during H1 FY22 stood at Rs. 631 million.  

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Heritage Nutrivet, our wholly owned subsidiary sales stood at Rs. 233.7 million in Q2 FY22 as against 
Rs. 306 million during the same quarter last year. EBITDA stood at Rs. 8.4 million in the current 
quarter as against Rs. 35.2 million during the last year. PBT stood at Rs. 0.3 million vis-à-vis Rs. 25.3 
million last year. On the balance sheet front, gross long-term debt stood at Rs. 327 million and net 
long-term debt stood at Rs. 300 million as on September 30th, 2021. The Company has a strong balance 
sheet with a debt-to-equity ratio at 0.05:1 and the cash and bank balance of Rs. 731 million as of 
September 30th, 2021.  
Now moving on to the volume performance: 
The average milk procurement during Q2 FY22 was 1.3 million liter per day as compared to 1.2 
million liters during Q2 FY21. Average milk sales during Q2 FY22 stood at 1.04 million liters per day 
compared to 0.96 million liters per day in the Quarter 2 of the last year. The sale of curd during Q2 
FY22 was at 280 tons per day compared to 215 tons per day during the last year’s same quarter, 
registering a growth of 30% year-on-year. During the quarter, the value added products revenue surged 
by 31% year-on-year to Rs. 1,696 million. During Q2 FY22 value added products, contribution of 
overall revenue increased to 25.7% vis-à-vis 21.7% in the Quarter 2 of last year.  
I'm happy to share a few developments in the company during Q2 FY22; Mr. Srideep joined as Chief 
Executive Officer during the middle of the quarter and now taking greater responsibilities from Q 
3FY22. In the recent meeting of our board of directors to strengthen the team of our board, Mr. M.P. 
Vijay Kumar was appointed as Non-Executive Independent Director. He is a fellow member of ICAI, 
ICMIMA, ICSI. These are three prominent institutions, Chartered Accountants of India, Cost and 
Management Accounts of India, Company Secretaries of India. He has over 30 years of experience. 
He's currently serving as CFO of Sify Technologies, a NASDAQ listed company. Heritage Foods looks 
forward to gain from his rich knowledge and experience in accomplishing the company's long-term 
goals and vision.  
Despite the challenging business environment, Heritage continues to grow, expand its value-added 
product portfolio and strengthen its balance sheet. The company launched a few products during this 
quarter like Kesar Shrikhand, Amrakhand in Hyderabad and Mumbai markets. The company also 
launched Malai Paneer Fresh in Mumbai. Heritage aims to grow its value-added products share in the 
coming years by consistently launching new healthy value-added products. Heritage Foods is making 
swift progress towards achieving debt-free status sooner. In the last one year the company has repaid 
debt worth Rs. 1,685 million. Now it's open for the question-and-answer session. If any of you have 
any queries or feedback post this call you may connect to Dickenson World, our investor relation 
agency.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL.  
Sameer Gupta: 
The first question is for Mr. Srideep. I just wanted to hear from you. How do you view the growth 
strategy of the company now, you're coming from an FMCG background? What is the current priority 
in terms of growth? Do we look at a bigger product basket in our core markets or we expand 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 15 
procurement to near geographies which was our earlier strategy of growth, a mix of both just wanted to 
hear from you and a little on an elaborated way.  
S. N. Kesavan: 
Thank you Mr. Sameer for that question and thanks everyone for listening in. I don't think that our 
growth strategy has changed in the recent past. We had a very consistent growth strategy for some time 
now and which is the reason why despite the adversities of the second wave of COVID and many other 
adverse situations, we have been able to deliver consistent results.  
Like some of the aspects that you really mentioned, those remain at the core of our strategy. The first 
and foremost is our expansion of contribution from the value-added products. That remains at the heart 
of our strategy. The second one is expanding the regional footprint across the country into newer 
markets. All investors are very well aware of the investments we have made in geographies such as 
Maharashtra and in the north of India i.e Haryana and Delhi NCR region. And the third of course, 
continues to be expanding both our procurement network and the sales network in an even fashion, so 
that we are able to leverage the advantages of full value system which has always been the strength of 
Heritage.  
In the first one as far as the value-added products are concerned, we have been focusing on three areas. 
One is focused approach on products that give us priority products that give us an advantage as far as 
the market is concerned where we have inherent strengths and where we see significant headroom for 
growth. The second one is being consumer centric in our innovations and in our marketing and 
communications. As the President made his opening statement; we have been consistently launching 
innovative products in the market which have helped us grow the value-added products. The third is an 
omni-channel strategy in making our products available and accessible to all our consumers. We have 
significantly grown our contribution from newer channels such as e-commerce as well as expanding in 
traditional channels and new geographies.  
So, all companies of have all of this is what is driving the consistent growth and delivery of ourselves. 
The strategy continues to be the same and we're we are very confident that we will continue to see such 
strong performances in the quarters to come. Thank you.  
Sameer Gupta: 
 
Just a follow up on that. What would be our e-commerce contribution now? 
 M. Sambasiva Rao:  
It's close to 5% including the MRF.  
Sameer Gupta: 
The second question would be that in the last quarter you had stated that in more normal circumstances 
and state our EBITDA margin would be close to a 7% to 8% which is typical of any other dairy 
company. But this quarter we have done 9.5%. So, just a question that are these still exceptional 
circumstances in terms of COVID, post-COVID and competition or now with whatever has happened 
in the past year there has been a permanent reset to around 9 percentage margins for you.  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes, your observation is perfect. The change is not complete. We are still transitioning from COVID 
affected economy to normal economy. We are still having some advantages now. We are continuing to 
have the advantage for this Quarter 2 as flush season has begun and milk availability is high, milk 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 15 
prices are stable. This may continue for a while and see how it changes into the next financial year. It's 
a bit early to predict the next year’s scenario.  
Sameer Gupta: 
Just a last bookkeeping question, you normally state milk procurement prices and liquid milk selling 
prices along with the volume numbers. I think you've missed those numbers in your press release or 
presentation this time. Just if you could help me with those numbers.  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes sure. We thought they are all not so relevant as the outcomes are more visible. So, you want the 
input data also we can share, we will now share.  
Sameer Gupta: 
You could share it subsequently in the call if that's not available at hand. I don't want to keep others 
waiting. 
Management: 
Milk procurement price an average actually Rs. 34.36 for the current quarter. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And a liquid milk selling price? 
Management: 
Milk selling price is Rs. 46.85.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI securities.  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
We are still generating extraordinary profitability not just us for but for the entire dairy sector. Just in a 
sectoral thought process till what time do you expect this super normal profitability can continue? Now 
I guess we are entering the flush season. So, December quarter again might be in a way good but how 
do you see can most other commodities in India including agro-commodities and other commodities 
also globally, if we see there is massive inflation which is not seen in past 10-15 years also, so that kind 
of inflation we are seeing. Obviously, at some point of time it may happen with milk but just your 
expert opinion, when do you see that happening in the sector or probably it will take a whole lot of time 
for milk prices to come up. That is one question and the second was is there any increase in milk 
selling prices? Most cooperatives have raised the selling price but private dairies have not yet raised 
selling prices, so any particular reason for this? And also do you see price hikes happening for the 
sector as well as Heritage in the current quarter? 
 M. Sambasiva Rao: 
What's the last point Aniruddha, I couldn't catch you? 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
There price hikes are happening in the sector, most cooperatives have raised selling prices like Amul. 
But product dairies have not yet been raised. So, when do you see the price hikes happening in the 
sector as well as for Heritage? 
 M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Coming to the first point, yes, the changes are slowly happening compared to last year's COVID first 
wave. However, we went through Wave 2. Now, things are looking much safer in terms of COVID. 
The occurrence is less in the country, the impact of COVID is also very minimal on the affected 
persons. Vaccination has crossed significant number of population, close to 70%. So, the safety levels 
have increased, markets are open, the demand revived to a great extent, still, the growth is coming. In 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 15 
view of this, the situation may remain the same for some more time, particularly we are passing 
through the flush season right now. But as during this quarter sale of value-added products would be a 
bit lower compared to other quarters due to the winter weather and rains etc. So, it might impact the 
margins a bit, to the extent procurement prices will be stable are a bit down compared to the earlier 
quarter. So, stability is visible as of now. We don't see much changes happening on any side of the 
prices, farm side or sales side prices at least for this quarter. In the fourth quarter, we have to see how 
things pan out depending on the global milk availability, national milk availability, etc. So, stability is 
what we are seeing now. And coming to sale prices hike, there won't be any sale prices increase during 
the current financial year. If at all it will be during the end of the year towards the month of March or 
so. But I don't see any reason to increase sale prices now.  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Last question now schools are starting again and even many offices are starting now. Do you see the 
reverse migration happening in our key cities in south India and also do you see that can drive away 
demand driver for milk in next 2-3 quarters?  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes definitely. Normalcy is coming back. Some of the schools are already open for higher classes. 
Some of them are doing hybrid sessions both online-offline. Post Diwali maybe some more openings 
will be there, but definitely by January most of the institutions should be open for students with the 
children vaccine also in sight. The next quarter should be much better in terms of demand.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Could you comment on the HORECA channel, how are you seeing the demand trends over there in 
terms of revivals and compared it also with pre-COVID how things are over there?  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
HORECA is almost open. I mean there is no place where it is closed now. All institutions, all hotels 
restaurants, caterers, everybody's open except the size of gatherings has come down for caterers. The 
earlier weddings, get togethers, parties that kind of enthusiasm is not still there. The crowding is not 
there. The numbers are limited. Maybe I could have seen a 500-member wedding is today managed 
with 150-200 members. That is coming back in a slow fashion. Similarly, hotels, restaurants also same 
issue. You don't see overcrowded places, food joints now but it is visible. So, with the precaution with 
higher immunity, with vaccination, I see the Quarter 4 should be a normal demand for HORECA. Now 
it is growing. It's growing from a lower level. Month on month we are seeing the demand increasing. 
For them also footfalls and the revenues are increasing. It's process driven, maybe a few months down 
the line, post January things should be very normal assuming that COVID Wave 3 is not coming to 
India.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And just two more questions. Could you just comment on the animal feed business which was 
particularly slightly weak in this quarter and the outlook for the rest of the year? And secondly your 
own expansion strategy in terms of deepening your presence in rural or even regional expansion if you 
could comment on both these? 
 M. Sambasiva Rao: 
You asked, the second question is related to milk dairy, right?  

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Yes. 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Expansion in related dairy. The first question is on animal feed. I request Mr. Viney, CEO Nutrivet to 
deal with the first question.  
Viney Vatal: 
Good evening. The Q2 FY22 has been muted for the feed business. Typically, we have seen a lot of 
inflationary pressure on the raw materials and with abundant rains, there has been a lot of green fodder 
available for the farmers. So, typically, during the start of Diwali is the time when the raw material, the 
prices start reducing. That is the time when we expect the margins to get better. This year there has 
been a slight problem with the monsoon that there it doesn't seem to end, so crops which were 
supposed to start coming into the market now have still not started. And there is excess moisture in the 
crops. We expect that probably fresh arrivals will start sometime towards the end of November 2021. 
That is when you see improvement in the animal feed business. I'll hand it back to President Sir for the 
second part of the question.  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Coming to the expansions; we are currently operating in all the markets where we are present. We are 
not going to enter new markets in any way, except to deepening into Tier II, Tier III in the same 
markets and states.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
But there was a plan to set up a curd manufacturing facility on the Bombay-Surat Road, is that 
operational or have you been able to commercialize that?  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes. It was done a few months back, the new plant near Mumbai. That's why I said we are in the same 
markets, not in the new market. Our plant is in Maharashtra. The plant has been commissioned and 
sales are happening now in Maharashtra.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
What was the value of the sales of curd in the quarter? 
 M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Can you repeat? 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
The curd sales. 
 M. Sambasiva Rao: 
The curd sales stood at Rs. 134 crores in Q2 FY22. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Capital.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have three questions. The first question is that if you could help us to have the update on the 
Novandie business. I think that you have also launched a paneer tikka. That will be ready to eat 
segment. So, is that the core strategy that we're also going to get into aggressive in ready to eat the food 
strategy, maybe some color if you can see that how the expansion and how the whole businesses 
shaping up.  
N. Brahmani: 
This is Brahmani here. I will take the question on Novandie. So, we've seen good response since we 
launched our products end of the last financial year, beginning of this year. We are present currently in 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 15 
3 states, Maharashtra in Mumbai, Pune and Nasik markets, Gujarat in in Surat, Vadodara and 
Ahmedabad and Telangana in Hyderabad market. This month itself I'm happy to share with you that we 
have also launched in the Karnataka market, in Bangalore city. Given the very positive response from 
the consumers, we are looking forward to launching these products in other markets such as Goa and 
markets with various existing places such as Kolhapur, Mysore and Mangalore. We are also looking 
forward to launching newer flavors within our curd as well as like drinkable yogurts category. And 
also, we are looking at certain mainstream plain yogurt products also being launched very soon in these 
states as well.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
One follow-up here. I think now we have spent almost a good time to learn and shape up the business. 
If you could give us some understanding on financial metrics for this business over the next medium to 
long-term? 
N. Brahmani: 
This is a new business as you know, we have launched products during the second wave. So, we are 
taking some time to stabilize when it comes to margin performance. We will get back to you with 
better numbers going forward. We also have a JV partner which is an unlisted company, so we are 
obligated that we don't share too much information either. We'll get back to you at the earliest positive, 
perhaps by the end of the financial year we will share the numbers.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
My last question is on the MPM, significant investment in terms of plants. If you can just help me to 
understand what is the per day run rate, what is the sales we have done and what is the plan in the 
maybe next 2 to 3 quarters we can expect from this entry in to the market, any specific learning which 
you are satisfied or if you want to point out that it's not up to the expectation? 
N. Brahmani:  
This is with regards to ready to eat? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
We have put up a plant in the outskirts of Maharashtra and in last time said that we are trying to look at 
this market. So, our aspiration is that we were planning to get to 1 lakh liter, so if you can give me 
some metrics where we have reached and what we are doing and maybe on the front end what are the 
sales numbers? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
We would perhaps hold it for the time being because it’s just started a few months back. It started 
during the COVID wave 2 and we had a lot of difficulties in approaching the market. Post COVID 
wave 2, only we've done some numbers and we are still evolving the business in that area.  We'll 
definitely present those details for the plant specific. And on Tikka-Paneer I request Mr. Srideep to 
respond. 
S. N. Kesavan: 
Thanks for that question on Tikka-Paneer actually, my response to that is in continuation of what I said 
initially value-added products for us we are focused on four advantaged categories L1 invest in commit 
ourselves to first as Curd which happens to be the biggest contributor for our value-added products. 
The second one in which we are deeply committed as the Paneer category and the third is drinkable’s 
which includes Flavored Milk and the fourth being deserts in which we have investments in Ice 
Creams. The second category of Paneer is where we are trying to build national leadership. Hence, you 
will continue to see a lot of innovation happening in this. Tikka-Paneer happens to be a good 
innovation that's going well for us but still, it is very early stages for us to comment on. It's been just 
one quarter and we are getting a great response from our consumers and because we are directly 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 15 
connected with them through our D2C as far as well as e-commerce we are constantly taking feedback 
on the product and iterating as well to get the taste closer to consumer expectation and in the same line 
is where we have very recently launched a Malai Paneer fresh as well. So, you will see a lot of 
innovations in Paneer going forward from us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
My question was relating to the cash which is being accumulated by the company which is going at a 
good ground take and you're already sitting on a good amount of cash. I would just like to know what 
are our plans to how are we want to deploy this money in which business segments are we looking at to 
deploy this money and by when? Because you're going to be doing a good amount of cash-flow even 
going forward if things remain like you said that the third wave doesn't fit us then again, the good cash-
flows want to continue when you're already sitting on a good amount of cash. 
N. Brahmani: 
Of course, the company is going through a very high growth orientation and path right now, so that 
requires some investment both in OPEX as well as CAPEX and people as well going forward people 
and teams. We'll even have to invest into our backend as we improve and strengthen our procurement 
network, our processing network especially when it comes to value added dairy products especially 
given the fact that we have a very unique go-to-market wherein we believe in having a good control 
over quality in our products and services. And of course, going forward as mentioned this is the time of 
the year that we will also be looking at Skim Milk Powder and commodity purchases for the next 
season especially the summer season to come, so sometimes it will drive the growth itself going 
forward to be able to reach the Rs. 6,000 crores mark at the earliest possible and to be able to grow 
over 20% year on year. 
 
As you're aware the board has also approved interim dividend very recently to shareholders and of 
course to reward the shareholders for their constant support and we will always strive to maximize 
shareholder value. Aside from that, I think any decisions that need to be taken we'll have to take growth 
and the need for growth into consideration and balance these different requirements as well as 
shareholders requirements. The board will have to take dynamically have to take decisions based on the 
scene. Also, there are several external factors that need of business could be affected by. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
One more follow-up question to this, you saying line getting blurred in the dairy business and the feed 
business and even agri-business to some extent not to some extent to a very great extent. How are you 
seeing the evolution of this company going forward? So, from a dairy company you’ve started doing 
feed and Novandie Company is starting dairy and having their own retail teams having their own retail 
outlets, so basically how were you’re seeing the sector and the company world and into what? 
N. Brahmani: 
You're very right. I think there are a lot of synergies between the feed business and the dairy business 
that we have today. Primarily because we as a company are directly connected with the farmers and we 
don't really go through third party aggregators in terms of our procurement model. That's where we are 
able to offer subsidized cattle feed that's high in quality and that's processed as well as manufactured by 
the company itself. There are several synergies, for instance, we're able to use the same procurement, 
milk procurement vehicles that go empty one way to be able to deliver feed to our farmers. They're able 
to make a feed available in smaller quantities but them being obligated to be purchasing larger 
quantities of feed multiple times in a month. So, there are several opportunities for that and most 
importantly we're also seeing that through our services that we are providing through both our Nutrivet 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 15 
business or a feed business as well as our procurement network. The farmers are also seeing the benefit 
of using high quality feed for their animals which generally is not a habit in all parts of the country. So, 
they're also getting them used to better nutrition for their animals, better wellbeing for their animals etc. 
So, the company is also benefited in terms of better quality of milk that is helping in terms of margins 
and would be able to benefit from this particular value that we are adding to the farmer. Certainly, the 
feed business outlook is very positive for us. We are looking at growing this business into Rs. 400 to 
500 crores business over the stable margin of about a 3.5% to 4% in the next 5 to 6 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha Sheth from Edelweiss. 
Shradha Sheth: 
Just to follow up on the previous question as we understand we are targeting a 20% sales growth and 
Rs. 6,000 crores sales mark across the company and with the kind of cash-flow generation. I just 
wanted to understand do we have enough capacity to be able to cater to this growth because as we see 
the overall procurement till the time at about 1.3 million on a capacity of 2.7 million, so is my 
understanding right? That we have enough capacity to be able to cater to the growth and the 
incremental CAPEX will be relatively lower? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
I think I have taken time last time to explain the capacities and the utilization and growth. What we are 
talking are three things. One, milk procurement capacities is talked as chilling capacity. The second is 
milk processing capacity, where milk is processed into various types of milk products and the third is a 
packaging capacity. So, different capacities are there in different markets and states. We are a 
decentralized company to ensure the freshness of the milk to consumers. We have a 5-lakh liter 
capacity in one place and serve one market. It's easier to deal with the demand fluctuations and 
capacity, but we are operating in 11 states. We have 18 processing plants. We have 187 chilling 
centers. So, in certain areas milk is higher and availability is higher, certain areas are lower. It changes 
year on year. During the year also summer time it goes down to half, winter time it doubles. These are 
all the fluctuations we have to accommodate. When there is surplus milk, we process it in our powder 
plant. We have a 2 lakh liters per day milk capacity plant which can convert it into powder. That cannot 
be utilized throughout the year that we used only during the surplus period. So, milk chilling capacity 
we have 21 lakh liters, milk processing 27 lakhs, milk packing 17 lakhs, with other value added 
products Curd and other products is 7 lakhs. So, it's different capacities are very different growth 
requirements are there. So, we need to continuously upgrade, these are all 30-year-old infrastructure. 
There are replacement CAPEX and automation CAPEX. There are a lot of new locations we have to 
create capacities where milk is not available. I have explained last time also we have set up 50,000-liter 
chilling capacity unit 25 years back. The milk chilling capacity is 50,000 liters, but in last the 20 years, 
10 other companies have come and set up the chilling units in the same area the size of the milk shed is 
same. The number of players and installed capacity is greater than that, so we share that milk. We have 
to go and create another infrastructure in new milk shed for 25,000 liters. 
 
Though this capacity of 50,000 liter has come down to 25,000 liter I still have to create another 25,000-
liter capacity elsewhere. Therefore, the capacity is increased and the volumes will not come there. We 
don't downgrade that plant because it is the same infrastructure, we reduce the utilization of 
compressors and IBTS chilling and refrigeration capacities to reduce the operational costs but capacity 
remains the same. That is how we keep moving from one milk shed to other milk shed in the case of 
milk. That's how the expansions happen. It's a bit complex situation because of the dispersed nature of 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 15 
milk availability. The same milk is not available in one place to accumulate everything and then 
process and distribute is the nature of the business nature of the sector. 
Shradha Sheth: 
What I was indicating is that on an overall basis we have done almost about an Rs. 100 crores annual 
CAPEX in the last 3 years. So, incrementally what is the kind of run rate on the CAPEX with the kind 
of road that we are seeing can we look at? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes, it will be Rs. 90 crores – 100 crores CAPEX per annum in the next 4-5 years to meet the growth 
aspirations of the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Bahety from Carnelian Capital. 
Manoj Bahety: 
I just have a follow-up question to one of the participants, as you articulated your growth aspiration of 
taking the company to around Rs. 6,000 crores over the next 4-5 years. If you can articulate a little bit 
in detail the journey from now to Rs. 6,000 crores, will it be led by the same categories or it will 
require significant category expansion? Secondly, you just mentioned that it will be Rs. 90 to 100 
crores kind of CAPEX per annum, will that be sufficient to capture this kind of growth opportunity and 
lastly whether you will be aggressively looking for inorganic opportunities also to reach that ambition? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
The journey is essentially aimed at organic growth only because we are not able to find appropriate 
targets for inorganic growth in terms of geographies, in terms of quality of the product, quality of the 
processes and people. So, we have been looking at it from time to time whatever is coming to us but we 
haven't been able to shortlist any target now. Therefore, the going forward or journey should be through 
organic growth and it doesn't mean we have closed our eyes on the inorganic opportunity if something 
appropriate at the right valuation which fits into our culture is available, we are open for that. Always 
we keep looking out for that, but nevertheless, we look at organic only. 
 
Coming to the category expansion as Mr. Srideep in the earlier part of the call he explained that we are 
creating exciting variants and products in the same category, dairy category at the moment. We are also 
looking at any adjacent white spaces nutrition products which might be closer to the consumers’ needs 
same consumer who comes for the dairy products. Also, look for similar products at that time of 
purchase. We are trying to identify any additional products that can also be added to our dairy basket. 
And coming to the CAPEX, we are confident this Rs. 100 crores CAPEX should be enough to meet the 
growth requirements of the company in the next 5 years. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Just a follow-up to this, like if I see your growth trajectory over the last 4-5 years it is like kind of 
stagnant growth. Just wanted to understand like unless we have a different plan or different execution 
plan going forward and considering this sector is also a cyclical sector. Just wanted to understand that 
what gives you confidence of journey from now to Rs. 6,000 crores, a little bit more details on this will 
be helpful for us? 
S. N. Kesavan: 
I’ll just give a couple of pointers and then hand over to President to give you further guidance on that. 
So, first and foremost, one of the things that you hinted at is will the shape of the business be same as 
now? I can confidently say no. Because today, you must have seen that in this quarter, we have 
increased the contribution from value added products from 21.7% to 25.7%. We are very confident 

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 15 
about our internal plans which show us that by the time we would have reached Rs. 6,000 crores the 
contribution from the value-added products category should be close to about 40%. So, that when you 
look at it the caveat that we are expecting from the value-added products would be significant. The 
advantage that value added products has is that it needs not follow the same footprint as the fresh milk 
footprint you could pretty much imagine, which gives us the opportunity to grow that at a much rapid 
pace compared to fresh milk. Number one, number two we have made President hinted at all the 
investments we have made in the recent past in expanding geographies into markets such as 
Maharashtra, in northern India, etc. which are in very early stages and we are very encouraged by the 
early results we have got. But still, it is too early for us to comment because it's been only a couple of 
quarters and for compared to a business which has been around for 30 years that a couple of quarters is 
a very short time for us to comment on. Especially because milk is something which is very habitual 
for consumers but we are very confident the early signs we are seeing from these geographies that will 
add significant growth to us going forward. 
 
So, the CAGR that we will see in these markets could be three-digit CAGR, which will add up to a 
strong double digit CAGR for the milk itself. So, this is I'm speaking about pure organic like to like 
categories and segments. So, growth from value added products that are very rapid space, secondly 
growth from newer geographies at exponential rate will be a significant contributor to that apart from 
entering attractive adjacencies that President spoke about. I hand it over to President to add to this.  
Manoj Bahety: 
Will cheese be one of the categories because this is I think one of the largest categories but 
unfortunately it requires much higher working capital and low ROCE business?  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes, cheese we just started as a co-packing opportunity from one of the plants in Maharashtra. Our 
cheese business is not aimed at HORECA or QSR. We are looking at only consumer packs and 
consumer sales so that the point of working capital is taken care and we are also not investing in our 
CAPEX at this stage. We are utilizing the available surplus capacity from one of the manufacturers in 
Maharashtra. We just entered 6 months back into the market; just building the volumes and brand and 
distribution right now.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Kondawar from JST Investments. 
Aditya Kondawar: 
I just wanted more flavor on the healthy value-added products that you have said that are going to 
launch ahead. Any color on that will be helpful? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
You wanted to know value-added products? 
Aditya Kondawar: 
Yes, the healthy value-added product that you spoke about at the start? 
N. Brahmani: 
I think, we have clarified we are already said that we are in a healthy phase and in fact one of the first 
dairy companies to end-to-end fortified milk with Vitamin A and B. Having said that what sir or 
Srideep was alluding to is the fact that we are open-minded, we are in the process of exploring spaces 
where there can be interesting adjacencies with the dairy space in the food itself. That's something 
that's still a work in progress, it is like a project that you are working on. As and when there are further 
updates or material updates, we will keep you posted. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivan Sarvaiya from JHP Securities Private Limited.  

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
The first one is on the Novandie JV. So, are we looking at any adjacencies apart from yogurt in that 
JV? 
N. Brahmani: 
Our current scope of JV according to our agreements etc. covers fruit and flavored yoghurt which also 
covers European deserts and the company is already a market leader when it comes to that. And this 
also includes some drinkable yogurt. There are products already in the pipeline to be launching into the 
market perhaps after this financial year because we first want to stabilize in the yoghurt space. We are 
seeing really good traction in MRF and e-com channels. The idea is to also expand our presence in the 
GT space within the markets that I mentioned earlier. Yes, there are other interesting products already 
covered in the scope of the JV that we are exploring and could be introduced in the next financial year. 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
In terms of the distribution, where are we at that ma'am; in terms of acquiring shelf space in the retail 
outlets apart from the e-commerce?  
N. Brahmani: 
As I mentioned most of the sale today is coming from MRF stores and the offtake has been very 
interesting. In fact, in the little bit newer markets of introduction such as Hyderabad, in very limited 
stores within very specific about where we wanted to launch the product, we wanted to go slow and 
steady. We have received positive responses. We will come back to you with more details in the 
coming calls. Currently, MRF and e-commerce are where we are selling more and GT expansion as we 
go forward in the current quarter. Also need to keep in mind that the peak season which is a summer 
season which is 6 months away is when we will see maximum peak sales. That's when we can really 
access or share the impact of the new products that we launched into the market in the last couple of 
months. 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
One question from a broad perspective, like when we look at the dairy industry in India when the 
leader in India is a not-for-profit organization, the when majority of our competition is co-operative 
base and not for profit. How do we look at competing with such players and maintaining a healthy 
margin from a long-term perspective and from expanding our top line? Some idea on this would mean 
some thoughts on this would be very helpful because this industry is pretty much different from the 
others that we analysts or investors track. So, your thoughts would be very helpful? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
In the year ‘92 when the Government of India liberalized the dairy sector to the private sector as part of 
the economic reforms, 100% milk was in the hands of co-operatives. ‘92-93 close to 400 companies 
have come in India, in response to the amendments to the milk and milk products regulatory order, so 
many private companies have entered since ‘93-92, now almost 3 decades passed after the government 
allowed the private sector to participate in the dairy sector. In 3 decades 40% to 50% of milk shifted to 
private companies. Right now, the estimate is 49% of the milk in the organized sector in India is 
handled by private companies and 51% by the co-operative sector. I am sure this conveys the answer to 
you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Bhattacharya from Anvil Wealth Management Private 
Limited.  

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Siddharth Bhattacharya: 
I believe distribution would be a key pillar on which the success of a company like ours exist. So, I 
have seen that we have done tie-ups with let's say JioMart in some geographies. Would you help us 
understand that more in detail? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
See, our success, our growth is highly dependent on the product and service. We have been taking the 
stand since the beginning with fresh product and pure product offerings. That's why we have set up 18 
plants for a smaller volume of 1.5 million liters. In every market we have a processing plant. We 
procure milk directly from the farmers within 200 kilometers distance from that market. Today’s 
morning milk reaches the consumer tomorrow morning as a short distance as possible. We don't shift 
milk from Pune to Delhi, Ahmedabad to Hyderabad, Tirupati to Delhi like that which is a long 
distance, it's a perishable product. What I am trying to say is the product quality which is fresh and 
pure, adulteration free, we have zero tolerance for any chemical adulteration, preservatives, etc. in our 
milk; the quality and the timely delivery. 80% to 90% of milk goes to home delivery in our model 
through our distribution system. Very small quantities are sold in the outlets. The service in time by 
6:00-6:30 am, the milk has to go home, it will be delivered. So, support of quality and service we are 
growing and we continue to grow. The distribution certainly matters and it helps. We have now 
registered or tied up with all the e-commerce channels in our market. There are no e-commerce 
channels which doesn't sell our milk or milk products. There is no modern retail store which doesn't 
sell our products. All the hyper stores, supermarkets, e-commerce channels are offering our products. 
Distribution is a strength and product quality and service is our fundamental success point including 
JioMart, then Udaan, etc.  
Siddharth Bhattacharya: 
I wanted to understand this aspect more from value-added products perspective. Since with value-
added product you are increasing the shelf life. So, effectively reach would be a key thing to look at. 
So, I wanted to understand distribution from that perspective? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
There is no problem in that. In every market, we have a plant and we deliver overnight to the 
warehouses of all these channels and they re-distribute with their hyper locals or their own distribution 
channels. We have our own distribution to our Heritage exclusive parlors. We have close to 860 
exclusive Heritage parlors operated by franchises. We keep our product available in our own outlets 
and we have close to 1 lakh 30 thousand retail outlets where our product is made available through our 
distributors and agents, apart from all the modern retail format stores and all the e-commerce channels. 
Our delivery system is robust in terms of overnight deliveries. Even the product like paneer which has 
21 days shelf life is delivered every day because consumer wants fresh packed product. The product is 
available with 15 days shelf life too, however, they don't prefer as they want it fresh. We are able to 
deliver because of our de-centralized manufacturing and factory locations. 
Siddharth Bhattacharya: 
Effectively we don't see any returns on our value-added products ever? 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Return zero, we have no return policy. It’s a cash and carry delivery policy.  
Siddharth Bhattacharya: 
On the same lines could you help us understand that we want to be at 40% value-added products in the 
next 3-4 years? Where do you see that number trending next year? If you could help us with that?  

 
Heritage Foods Limited 
October 22, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 15 
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes, we are able to add 3% to 4% incremental increase year-on-year. In certain years like COVID 
years we had a setback because there was no out-of-home consumption. Minus that aberration, our 
increase year-on-year is 3% to 4% within the value-added products contribution. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Dr.  M. Sambasiva Rao for closing comments.  
M. Sambasiva Rao: 
I request Brahmani to give the closing comments. 
N. Brahmani: 
Thank you so much to all our valued shareholders, investors for your feedback and all of your 
questions. I am happy to say that despite really tough external conditions, like COVID-19, heavy 
monsoon, etc. we have seen some positive double-digit growth in the second quarter of the current 
financial year. And this came more importantly, primarily from volume growth as well as direct 
through B2C consumer sales which is what the company has been focused on significantly. Given the 
fact that external factors are looking quite positive now, COVID cases are under control. We have all 
seen that a billion doses of vaccines, number or milestone has been reached in the country. As one of 
our investors mentioned schools are back to normal, workplaces are more or less back to normal as 
now. We definitely seeing demand coming back and we foresee that this will help us in the rest of the 
quarter, especially on the back of the festive season of Dussehra, Diwali, etc. We are hopeful that this 
demand will also continue into the summer of next year. Internally also we have geared up as a team 
with the right people, resources and focus specially to grow in value-added dairy products. In terms of 
procurement, we are entering the flush season so we should be able to stabilize in terms of margins and 
continue our positive performance when it comes to the bottom line as well. Thank you once again for 
joining us and hope all of you stay safe and wish you a Happy Diwali in advance. Thank you once 
again.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now request Mr. Hiral Keniya from Dickenson World to give us closing 
comments.  
Hiral Keniya: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today for this call. In case of any further questions, clarifications, 
suggestions or feedback you can connect with Mr. Umakanta Barik, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer, Heritage Foods or us, Dickenson World. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Heritage Foods Limited that concludes this conference 
call for today. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
--0-- 
