 
 
 
November 30, 2021 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Dept.  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 532859 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol: HGS 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call   
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 
November 16, 2021 on Q2 & H1 FY2022 Financial Results. This is also uploaded in the 
Investors Section of website of the Company: www.teamhgs.com/investors 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Narendra Singh 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: a/a. 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
 
 
Key Speakers: Mr Partha DeSarkar, Executive Director and Global CEO, HGS  
 
            
            Mr Srinivas Palakodeti, Global CFO, HGS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to the Hinduja 
Global Solutions Limited Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. From the 
senior management, we have with us today, Mr. Partha DeSarkar – Executive 
Director and Global Chief Executive Officer and  Mr. Srinivas Palakodeti – 
Global Chief Financial Officer. 
As a reminder, all participant's lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on the touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Snighter Albuquerque from Adfactors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you Neerav. Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to the Q2 & 
H1 FY22 Results Conference Call of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. We are 
joined by Mr. Partha DeSarkar - Executive Director and Global CEO and Mr. 
Srinivas Palakodeti - Global CFO to discuss the Q2 and H1 FY22 results and the 
key developments during the period. 
Before we begin the conference call, I would like to mention that some the 
statements made in today's call may be forward looking in nature, including 
those related to the future financial and operating performances, benefits 
and synergies of the company's strategies, future opportunities and growth 
of the market of the company's services and solutions. Further, I would like 
to mention that some of the statements made in today's conference call may 
involve risks and uncertainties. 
I would further like to mention that if there is a call drop during the course of 
the conference call, please bear with the management. Because of COVID-19, 
all of us are taking calls on mobiles from different locations, hence call drops 
may be a recurring problem. Thank you and over to you, Partha sir. 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Thank you and good evening to everybody who has taken the time to attend 
the call. I really appreciate all of you coming here and listening to us. Our 
earnings presentation has been uploaded on both the stock exchanges and it 

 
 
Page 3 of 22 
is also there on the website. So, I am going to refer to the slides on the 
earnings deck and for the ease of understanding, I would encourage all of you 
here on the call to also refer to the same deck as we speak. 
With that, I would like to give you highlights of our quarter. It has been an 
extraordinarily strong quarter as you all would  have seen based on the 
numbers that have been published. Our revenues for quarter 2 are Rs. 15,826 
million and that is about 18.8% growth in our revenues compared  with the 
previous year's same quarter. EBITDA has grown  to Rs 2,269 million, a  21.2% 
growth over the same quarter last year. Profit Before Tax at Rs 1,705 million 
grew by 88.6% over the same quarter last year while Profit After Tax was  Rs 
1,365 million, a 67.9% growth over the similar quarter last year. So you 
obviously see that these numbers are rather spectacular numbers and there 
is good growth everywhere in revenue, profitability and especially in Profit 
After Tax. Being able to declare 67.9% growth in profitability is  obviously  
something that we are very pleased about.  
So those are the headline numbers for the quarter;  I will now compare the 
first half of this year with the first half of last year. 
Here, some of the numbers are even better and have to be seen in the context 
of the fact that the first half of last year was impacted significantly by COVID, 
and this year, COVID has become business as usual for us. We have learnt to 
thrive in COVID, we learnt to do business in COVID, we learnt to work from 
home and still do business.  
So for H1, our revenues are Rs 31,331 million, which is a 22% growth over  the 
half year of last year and our EBITDA is Rs 4,590 million at 37.9% growth, again 
very impressive growth numbers. The  spectacular growth numbers really 
come in the profit before tax and the profit after tax. The profit before tax 
number is Rs 3,347 million, a 101.7% growth over the similar half year last 
year and the profit after tax is Rs 2,535 million, that is a 94.2% growth over 
last year. So these numbers clearly look impressive and having said that, the 
context of this comparison clearly has to be understood that we had COVID 

 
 
Page 4 of 22 
impact strongly in quarter 1 of last year… therefore when you compare even 
the half year numbers, the numbers are going to be much better this year. 
Moving to the next slide, I will talk about our growth momentum. We have 
seen good growth momentum in our healthcare and the public sector 
businesses, leading to significant growth and ramp ups. Our public sector 
business in the UK has had a spectacular performance, a revenue growth of 
102% year-on-year . 
I am also pleased to tell you that a large part of this  growth is coming from 
non -healthcare business. We are seeing that the rest of the business -  the 
non-healthcare business has actually grown faster than the healthcare 
business. So if you look at the healthcare business, it has grown by 13.5% for 
the first half of the year and if you look at the non-healthcare part of the 
business, it has grown by 35.3% for the first half of this year compared to the 
last year. 
So this is in fact unique that in this year,  our growth momentum has come 
from the CES business as compared to what traditionally has always been 
driven by the healthcare business. In rupee terms also, it has grown from Rs 
11,844 million in the first half of the last year to Rs 15,812 million in the first 
half of this year. That is 33.5% growth for  the CES business. Compared to that, 
the healthcare business in first  half of the year was Rs 13,832 million, that 
has grown to Rs 15,590 million. That growth constitutes about 12%, so you 
would see that the CES business has gradually grown more than double that 
of the healthcare business, keeping as an overall growth number of 21.9% in 
rupee terms and 23.5% in dollar terms. 
Our digital business has also done well. We have signed up 14 engagements 
with new and existing clients. We saw 10 new client wins across verticals for 
core BPM services and seven for HRO and Payroll Processing in quarter 2.  
We continue to significantly work from home and we haven't really gone back 
to offices. As of now, I can only tell you that there are no plans, no concrete 
plans to bring people back to work because there is no requirement to do 

 
 
Page 5 of 22 
that. Even though vaccination rates have improved and I think in most 
countries, the numbers are more controlled. We still are being very cautious 
and taking each day at a time and not really looking at coming back to work 
and increasing risk for our workforce, given the fact that it actually has  not 
resulted in any dip in productivity, we see no reason why we should be 
concerned with that.  
While we use work from home as our principal mode for delivery, our 
operating expenses go down… this is another strong reason why we believe 
that work from home is going to be a big chunk of our delivery going forward. 
Our headcount as on September 30, 2021 is about 46,698, an increase of 
3,929 from the last quarter. Moving further to the rest of the outlook, I would 
say that with improvement in global travel, and in fact both me and Pala are 
in North America - we came here as soon as North America opened up for 
travel, and with global travel improving and the sentiments for business also 
improving globally, that only augers well for our industry and we see demand 
coming back from some of the sectors, which were under pressure like travel 
and hospitality. Though we don’t have much exposure to these verticals.  
So going forward, sales pipeline  is healthy as well, I shared with you the 
growth numbers of CES and the healthcare business. I am encouraged to see 
that the CES business has continued to grow from strength to strength and 
the growth momentum is going to continue in the second half of the year as 
well. While we speak, to be able to handle this additional growth, we are 
actually setting up two new centers in Jamaica and Northern Ireland. You may 
believe that this is actually contrary to what I have said that most of our 
production will be on a work from home basis, so why are we building up 
centers then? The reason we are doing that is that with our current delivery 
footprint, work from home far exceeds the situation where if we were to all 
come back to work, then the things that we have will not be sufficient. So we 
have to build a right balance -  how much is work from home and how many  
seats do you have as capacity if we need to come back to work…  so you can't 
be in a situation where you don’t invest at all, and then as and when people 

 
 
Page 6 of 22 
declare that they can come back to work and people want to start going back 
to work, you don’t have the seats to be able to bring people back to work. You 
don’t want to be in that situation. That is the  whole rationale behind why we 
are still investing in a few centers while we are divesting in some other 
centers, which we believe we don’t need for the future. It’s all about 
balancing. 
Cash generation is good, Pala is going to cover that in his section. We continue 
to reduce debt and we have also improved the dividend this quarter, and that 
will be our continued focus to explore or continue to reward our 
shareholders. 
 Before I hand it over to Pala, I am going to give you a status on the divestment 
of the healthcare services business. The divestment is on track, by and large 
most of the regulatory approvals that are required in the four geographies 
covered  in the deal are  actually getting done or in the process of getting 
approved, we don’t see any concerns. You will recall the transaction was 
based on an enterprise value of US $ 1.2 billion and it is subject to shareholder 
and other regulatory approval. The divestment has been approved by the 
shareholders in the AGM held on 23rd of September 2021;  As I said, we are 
on track to get most of the approvals and we have seen no concern as to get 
to the final closure. With that I am going to hand this over to Pala for the 
details of the financials. Pala, over to you. 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
Thank you Partha. Good evening everyone, welcome once again and thank 
you for joining us on this call. I shall cover the financial section and I shall move 
to slide 9. As Partha mentioned, it has been a quarter of very strong growth. 
Our revenues have grown by about 18.8% over the same period last year, and 
within this, both sectors have contributed to the growth. The healthcare 
business has grown 11.3% on year-on-year basis whereas the non-healthcare 
business coming primarily from the UK has grown at a phenomenal 28%, 
delivering overall growth on year-on-year basis of 18.8%. The EBITDA growth 
is at 21.2%. We have had some benefits of exchange rates, so you would see 

 
 
Page 7 of 22 
an increase in the other income between quarter ending September 21 and 
quarter ending September 20, resulting in PBT growth of about 88.6%. 
Coming to the PAT part, the growth on a year-on-year basis has been 68% and 
about 16.6% is on a sequential basis. Just to recap, the tax provision for the 
quarter ending September 20, i.e., Q2 of last financial is lower because we 
created some deferred tax assets because of some internal restructuring and 
hence the tax provision for Q2 of FY21 was low. Now, it is at a more normative 
level and the PAT growth after factoring the other component has grown by 
about 68% on a year-on-year basis and on a sequential basis, the growth rate 
has been 16.6% for Q2 of FY22 and keeping in line with the performance of 
the company. The interim dividend which stood at Rs. 7 for the quarter ending 
June 21 has been increased to Rs. 10 per share as second interim dividend for 
the quarter ending September 21. 
Moving to the next slide, again the performance  is very strong, with growth 
in rupee terms at  22%. The  growth on the CES side and non-healthcare has 
been faster than the growth on the healthcare side. There has been a 
significant increase in EBITDA, it has grown by about 38% and the margins 
have also increased by about 160 basis points to 14.6%. At the PBT level, 
profits are up by about 102%, and at the PAT level, our profits are up by about 
94%.  
So overall, it’s been  a very strong performance in the first half of FY22 
compared to the same period of FY21. As Partha mentioned, in the first half 
of FY21, we did have some costs relating to COVID rolling out to work from 
home, but as we mentioned, work from home has now become the norm and 
these reflect the performance of our company for the first half of the year. 
Moving onto  origination perspective, for the revenue by vertical, healthcare 
is about 51%. We had done some tweaks  because there are some parts of 
the business which were originally from the healthcare sector, but which 
would continue to be with HGS, these pertain to healthcare clients of our 
digital business or the HRO business, so there has been some reclassification 

 
 
Page 8 of 22 
here. So healthcare now accounts for  little over 51% and the rest of the 
business accounts for about 49% of the total revenue.  
From an origination perspective, revenues from the US continued to be the 
largest at about 69.2%. The callout item is really the UK business, which 
accounts for 15.5%;  this was roughly 8% about a year ago and as Partha 
mentioned earlier, this has grown by more than 100%. You can see that  our 
UK originated business is now even higher than w our revenues from Canada. 
Moving onto the next slide, we have debt of about Rs 3,445 million, which is 
about 47%. There has been a reduction between 31st March and 30th June 
as well as coming up to 30th September, 2021. So the reduction in the first 
half of the year is Rs 491 million or Rs 49 crore. Within the existing debt, about 
47% are term loans and the balance is  coming in the form of working capital. 
As Partha mentioned, our endeavor would be to continue to reduce debt. 
Moving onto the next slide, slide 30, this talks about the increase in levels of 
cash as well as in terms of reduction of tax. Both have shown movements with 
reduction in debt and increase in cash as of 30th September, leaving HGS as 
a net cash company of Rs 500.8 crores or Rs. 5,008 million.  
Our cash flows continue to be strong. We had DSO days of 72 as of 31st of 
March, 2021. That dropped to 68 days as of June and it has dropped further 
to 66 days as of September, 2021. In terms of CAPEX, there has been some 
increase between Q1 and Q2. Primarily because of what we already 
mentioned;  we are adding capacity in Jamaica and to some extent in the UK 
commensurate with the growth and to make sure that if we need to come 
back to work, we have enough capacity - .Though as Partha mentioned,  there 
is no fixed timeline for this.  
EBITDA to free cash flow conversion continues to be strong, though there has 
been a decrease between Q1 and Q2, that is primarily driven by higher CAPEX 
rather than cash flow from operations and working capital changes. The 
business ROCE , excluding the treasury income, with growth in performance , 

 
 
Page 9 of 22 
has continued to rise and  stood at   25.8% (annualized) in Q2FY22 as 
compared to 24.9% annualized on Q1 of FY22. 
We continue to take forward covers on a rolling 12 months, 24 months and 
36 months basis; you will see that as three buckets, obviously the largest 
coverage is for FY22 and it comes down for FY23 and FY24. We have good 
rates compared to the spot rate, upwards of Rs. 80 for FY23 and upwards of 
Rs. 83 for FY24 and FY25.  
Similar position in Philippines, we have forward covers of about US$ 100 
million for FY22 and about US$ 27 million for FY23 with the rate of about 50.6. 
Summing up f, rom a balance sheet perspective, we continue to have  a very 
strong balance sheet, with net worth of Rs 22,601 million, book value of about 
Rs. 1,082 per share. In the first half of the year, we have given Rs. 17 per share 
as dividend, comprising Rs. 7 for the quarter 1 and Rs. 10 for quarter 2. 
Currently, the stock price is trading somewhere in the P/E ratio of about 12.6x 
(basis price on November 12th).  
Traditionally, we have given you revenue profile for the HGS as a whole. In 
the subsequent slides what we have done is to show the revenue profile of 
the healthcare business and the rest of the business (the non-healthcare or 
CES business) separately. This is obviously being done keeping in view the 
impending sale of the healthcare business. 
If you look at slide 18, on the healthcare side, the client concentration, the 
largest client accounts for about 39% of total revenues and the top 5 
customer concentration goes up to 83.5%. For the rest of the business, non-
healthcare or CES, the share of client concentration dropped significantly…  
the top client dropping down to 12% and the top 10 customers dropping 
down to 59%. On an overall basis, on an aggregate basis, the top client is 
about 19.3% and the top 10 customers would account for 67.1%.  
From our channel mix perspective, in the healthcare business, about 51% is 
non-voice and 49.4% comprises voice and digital whereas in the non-

 
 
Page 10 of 22 
healthcare or  the CES business, the share of digital goes up to about 9.5%, 
the non-voice portion is smaller at about 10.6% and 80% is the voice business. 
On an overall basis, voice is about 71%, non-voice is about 22% and we have 
about 6.7% coming from the digital business. 
If you go by revenue profile from our country of origination, for healthcare, 
pretty much everything is from the US. It is a single origination geography at 
100% coming in from the US. On the non-healthcare side, it is fairly 
diversified. The US continues to be the largest but down to about 38%. Europe 
and  UK  is the second largest, which is about 31%, and then Canada is the 
third largest at about 19%. India, which is primarily our HRO business as well 
as some digital revenues originating from India, is coming in at about 10%. 
But on an overall basis, the US continues to be the largest at about 69%, with 
UK at 15.5% and Canada at about 9.4%. 
Moving onto the next slide which shows the stock price movement over the 
last 12 months… If you look at slide 21, HGS’ share price has gone up by  about 
278% as compared to CNX IT of about 65% and Nifty 50 of about 40%.  
That's all I had in my section. We would like to open for the Q&A. Thank you 
ladies and gentlemen once again for  joining us on this call. We look forward 
to your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Nagraj Chandrasekar from Laburnum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: Sir, could you please update us on the timeline expected for the transaction 
to consummate, given you said everything is in place and it was originally 
announced in 90 to 120 days period which implies sort of November 10th to 
December 10th date timeline? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Mr. Nagraj, the sale is  on track I would say; most of the regulatory approvals 
that will be required to close this transaction across the four geographies, we  

 
 
Page 11 of 22 
were expecting to be met within the dates that we mentioned. So all of that 
is on track. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: Thank you for breaking out the business mix on a proforma basis between the 
continuing and the divested businesses, could you also give us some more 
color on the operating metrics on margin and working capital for the non-
healthcare business and how much operating cash you need to run this 
business, given I think at around Rs 3,000 crores run rate, we are already at 
Rs 500 crores of net cash on the balance sheet? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Yes, this is a very good question.  I am going to deflect this question to Pala. 
We may not have those numbers ready for this presentation, but if you can 
provide that subsequently. So Pala, probably you can read the numbers on a 
high level on this call. 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
Good question, let me answer to whatever extent I can. In the non-healthcare 
or the CES business as we call it, as we have seen from the presentation, it’s 
about close to 50% of the total revenue. A large chunk of this as you would 
have seen from my earlier portion, the revenues are coming in from the UK, 
which is again predominantly public sector and unlike may be in other 
geographies or what may be the perception,  in the UK, we get paid as per 
contracted terms. So at an overall level, I don’t see any significant difference 
between the DSO days for the healthcare business as well as for the CES or 
the non-healthcare business. Potentially, it is going to be better than what we 
have for the healthcare business.  
Again, from a CAPEX point of view, it is more driven by the location rather 
than by the nature of business, whether it is healthcare or CES. So if I have to 
set up a seat in the US or in Jamaica, it is agnostic whether the nature of 
business is going to be from healthcare or from CES. I hope that addresses 
your question Mr. Nagraj. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: And on margin? 

 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Margins, as we said in our AGM, we are expecting margins to be around  the 
low double digits from an EBITDA margin perspective. 
Nagraj Chandrasekar: And just one last question, you have seen a very large spike in hiring this 
quarter, so just curious is this to replace anticipated attrition that are sort of 
serving out notice period or is this because you foresee a lot of growth on the 
non-healthcare side and just wanted some more color on why we achieve 
such a strong bump up in numbers? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
We have hired for quarter 3 and quarter 4. Because of the seasonality in the 
healthcare business, the hiring ramps up in quarter 2 to meet the demand of 
quarter 3 and quarter 4. Also, we have seen that the UK business has actually 
grown significantly. So lot of hiring is happening in the UK also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Oberoi from 
Prudent Equity. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
I wanted to know, is there any warranty or claims or any penalty clause in this 
healthcare division sale where if you don’t meet the timeline, some amount 
can be kept or  something? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
No, there is nothing like that. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
There is nothing like that, so the buyer cannot walk out of the deal right now, 
is that? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I think there are no concerns like that. As I told you in the previous question, 
we are on track for getting regulatory approvals. Regulatory approvals are 
required in India, Philippines, Jamaica and the US and they are mostly 
expected in the next 2-3 weeks. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
And all the four geographies are right now opened, nothing has been 
concluded in any of them? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
No, I wouldn’t say that. Some approvals have just come in respective 
geographies whereas some approvals are still required. It is not just one or 

 
 
Page 13 of 22 
two, there are multiple approvals required, so there is approval required from 
Competition Commission, there is approval required from export SEZs  
following that…  some approvals need to come for HGS and some approvals 
need to come for the buyer.  So, large chunk of the approvals have already 
come in, some are still on track and expected to close in the next 2 to 3 weeks. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
In the last concall, you had said that there is no one single check and there 
will be multiple payments that will come from each geography, so? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
That is correct. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
And sir, what is the exchange rate that will be for the calculation, it will be on 
the date of the agreement, deal agreement or whenever you receive the 
check? 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
It is the rate applicable effectively on closing one or two days before. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Just on the closing date? 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
Yes, essentially on the closing date. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Have you put any thoughts on returning cash to the shareholders where we 
are just a month away? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Yes, so this is actively being deliberated with the board. I have mentioned that 
very clearly in my statement as above, both in the media and in the 
conference calls, that yes, the consideration is to return back to the 
shareholders, but we want to do it   in a tax efficient manner. So all of these 
things are being deliberated in  the board obviously. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
But is there any plan for delisting etc., or you are not going on that road? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
No, delisting has not been considered right now. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Also, in the presentation you have given the breakup of the non-healthcare 
versus the healthcare and there are  some of these verticals like technology, 
consumer retail, which have actually degrown -  technology degrew by 21%, 

 
 
Page 14 of 22 
consumer retail by 12%. However, there is a growth in the other verticals, so 
can you share some light on where exactly the portfolio of non-healthcare 
stands in terms of growth now? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I don’t know if you have heard the conference call from the beginning, I 
shared with you that the growth on the non-healthcare part of the business 
for this quarter is more than double growth than the healthcare business. 
Siddharth Oberoi: 
Overall? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Yes, on an overall basis. Let me just repeat the numbers for you, so the 
healthcare business for this half year compared to last year grew by 13.5% 
whereas the non-healthcare business  grew by 25.3%. This is in dollar terms. 
So as I said, the non-healthcare business has grown more than double that of 
the healthcare business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Jain from Galaxy 
International. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Jain: 
Sir, what I was just trying to understand was two points, one was, let us say, 
you were looking at some acquisitions or some other way to use the cash once 
it is available, so has there been any progress on that aspect and would 
anything be finalized closer to let us say receiving the money or closing out 
the transaction, so that is point one? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Those are three independent things, returning money to shareholder is an  
independent track and funding growth both organically and inorganically is 
another track, so there is enough cash available to do justice to both. Mergers 
and acquisitions are something that we have done on an ongoing basis 
throughout our history, and as we speak, we evaluate multiple targets every 
quarter, so that is where we stand today. 
Nikhil Jain: 
Right sir, but what I actually wanted to understand was that are we looking at 
some kind of a big acquisition given the money involved or is it like kind of 
smaller acquisitions that we have been doing in the past and building up on 
those basis, so is there any thought, any progress or any guidance on that? 

 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Partha DeSarkar: 
So, mostly our acquisitions that we are talking about are in the technology 
space. We are very clear that by 2025, we will become a technology company 
right. So our efforts therefore are to grow in the digital and technology 
practice. So most of our acquisition targets therefore are today focused on 
digital and technology acquisitions. 
Nikhil Jain: 
And the size of the quantum cannot be still, we have not had any thoughts on 
that? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I don’t think I can tell you anything else specific because there isn't anything 
specific that we have right now. We evaluate this on an ongoing basis. 
Nikhil Jain: 
And my second question was that let us say, with the money that is received 
from our current calculation, so is there any intent of the management to let 
us say further increase the exposure to the group companies through ICDs or 
loans or is it like a cap of let us say around 500 odd crores? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
So the current cap is Rs 500 crore and we are well within that. 
Nikhil Jain: 
And we don’t expect to increase it post the closure of the deals, so we have 
more cash available? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I did not make any comment on what is going to happen once the deal closes. 
Right now, it is Rs 500 crore and we are going to remain within that cap. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maneesh Jain from Valuefirst 
Digital Media. Please go ahead. 
Maneesh Jain: 
My question is that from this deal value of $1.2 billion, is there any money 
which is going specifically to the promoter and not coming to the company as 
a low compete deals or in any other form, money which will not come to 
company, but would go to promoter? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
No, all money will come to the company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Varma from SGS India. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Kapil Varma: 
My question is that after signing of the transaction, what is the closing date, 
just 90 days or it is 60 days? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I think we have covered that multiple times on this Q&A today. 
Kapil Varma: 
Second question is if we are looking at inorganic things, so what is the 
percentage we are looking for the entire deal size for the acquisitions? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
Again, I answered this question. I can't talk about a specific deal value, we are 
looking at  acquisitions in the  technology space. So right now, there isn't any 
specific target that we have in mind to say that this is the amount that we are 
going to spend. Funds that are available with the company post the return of 
money to the shareholders are going to be used for organic and inorganic and 
debt reduction. 
Kapil Varma: 
And like earlier acquisitions we used to bleed money and losses year by year, 
so are there any plans that we are not requiring any loss-making entities? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
So I think that is a very good question, I think we have had many criticisms 
about the two healthcare businesses that we acquired, which are loss making. 
You  can find from the fact that we are able to sell that business at $1.2 billion, 
that the criticism was unfounded. Some of these acquisitions have driven 
capabilities but are not immediately cash accretive or earnings accretive. We 
need to invest in those businesses to turn the things around and then they 
will start gaining value. The fact that these businesses along with some of the 
acquisitions that we have done, which were loss making, have  actually been 
sold at the fantastic $1.2 billion valuation because while it takes  some 
amount of cash to burn to turn some of these acquisitions around to build on 
these capabilities, but these are steps in the right direction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the Jayant Patel from ABA 
Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Jayant Patel: 
Sir, just wanted to check about your rationale for exiting the healthcare 
business, was it because you found good opportunity or better opportunity 
or was it because the healthcare business had reached its saturation? 

 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I think that is an interesting question. We found that the business was not 
able to attract the value that it deserves from the Indian stock market. It is a 
US centered business. All its revenues, as Pala shared earlier, is from  the US 
and therefore we were always finding the gap in people's ability to 
understand what this business is and what its inherent worth is. You saw the 
unlocking of the value that happened when an investor came in and 
understood what this business is all about, so we couldn’t have continued 
with the valuation that we got with the business in the India stock exchanges 
as opposed to its inherent worth to a possible industry. Hence, we found that 
is not the best way to continue to keep the business in our portfolio. 
Jayant Patel: 
Next question, sir on the same lines, now with healthcare vertical gone, which 
vertical will replace when you see in terms of contribution to the overall 
revenue? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
We have quite a few good verticals, we have got technology-media-telecom 
that is doing well, we have got the public sector which is doing well, and we 
have got the digital business, so these three verticals will continue to be our 
engines for growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Parekh, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Parekh: 
Sir, I had a small question on the balance sheet side, in the loans section there 
is advances of Rs 552 crore as on September 2021, and if we look at the 
related party, it is around Rs 389 crore. Can you help me understand the 
residual amount to which party the amount is given? 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
So it is the entity which is not the related party, so that is why there’s a  
difference. 
Manish Parekh: 
Because I was referring to the credit rating report by CRISIL, they have 
mentioned that to the group and the group entity, overall the advances are 
to the tune of Rs 553 crore, so I think there is a small discrepancy there in the 
rating report, may be there you missed out? 

 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
Thank you for pointing this, I will go and check that out, but clearly if you look 
at our FY21 audited balance sheet, the numbers are clear, which is also what 
we have published for 31st March 21, the loans which are there to related 
party. 
Manish Parekh: 
So I was a bit confused because in the credit rating report, they have 
mentioned that as on June 30th, Rs 553 crores are given exposure to the 
group entities, so? 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
Yes, thank you, we will take this up, thank you for pointing this out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Jain from Galaxy 
International. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Jain: 
So what I was just asking was that out of the total transaction value of $1.2 
billion, what would be the net amount as we come to the organization, let us 
say post the payment of taxes and other capital gains or other statutory levy. 
Any idea or any working on that which you can share? 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
I don’t know if you had a chance to look at the AGM notice which was 
published earlier, essentially the transaction has business transfer component 
or the slump scale as you would call it in India for India, Philippines, and 
Jamaica whereas the transaction in the US for the US entity pertains to the 
sale of shares. So the tax rate for India and Philippines is roughly about 22%, 
given that the Philippines is a branch of the Indian entity. The US portion is 
through sale of shares of the US entity by our Mauritius subsidiary. There the 
tax rates will be pretty much close to 0 or negligible. So at overall level, we 
are working through it, but we expect somewhere in the range of 10% to 12% 
going towards tax. 
Nikhil Jain: 
So basically out of $1.2 billion, the net inflow into the organization would be 
around $1.05 billion plus or minus let us say couple of? 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
Yes, somewhere around that. 

 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Nikhil Jain: 
And my second question was with respect to the comment that Partha sir 
made actually about the value being recognized at stock exchanges, so today 
also if I look and I have been a shareholder for some time, so the market cap 
of the company actually is less than half of even the cash that is coming into 
the organization actually and leave aside the business that we will have which 
will run very well over the next couple of years, so any thought, anything what 
is the reason for this still stock markets not giving us the value that we will 
deserve? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
So that is the matter of speculation, I cannot comment. I can simply  answer 
the question that why did we sell the business, the discrepancy between the 
price at which this business was being quoted in the Indian stock exchanges 
and the value that we were able to get from an investor who understands the 
US healthcare industry is  so large. Just for the benefit of the shareholders, it 
did not make sense for us to continue to retain the business. That is why we 
did that. So hopefully people have seen that and  this will give people a better 
understanding of the investors in this Company and especially the Indian 
investors  a better understanding of what we do, the fact that so much value 
could be unlocked in that particular transaction. And hopefully therefore, you 
will see the performance and the results, and then value the company 
differently. This is all I can say, subject is a matter of speculation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav Agarwal from Star 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Raghav Agarwal: 
In the last concall, you hinted  that your future tuck-in to be around $25 
million, so based on that is it fair to estimate that even if we are aggressive in 
our positions that you can still reward the shareholders with about $670 
million out of the amount  that is coming in? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
We will reward the shareholders handsomely. I don’t want to make a 
comment on the amount of what will be returned. The whole purpose of 
doing this exercise was to unlock value for the shareholders and we are not 
going away from that requirement or  from that objective. So I will not be able 
to give you specifics about quantum and all of that because this is currently 

 
 
Page 20 of 22 
under deliberation with the board. We are looking at making it tax efficient 
as well…  not all forms of returning money to shareholders is equally tax 
efficient, there are multiple ways of doing that, some are more tax efficient, 
some are not. So this is still under deliberation, I won't be able to tell you 
specifically what amount is coming back at this level, this is very premature. 
Raghav Agarwal: 
And one more thing, on a remainder portion of our business, what according 
to you is the value? What should be our actual value if we don’t consider how 
the Indian market is actually valuing our business? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
If you look at the healthcare business, it is $400 million and  has been valued 
at $1.2 billion. That is at three times revenues, right. 
Raghav Agarwal: 
Yes, correct. 
Partha DeSarkar: 
So that will be an indication;  Rest of it as a CEO, I will always feel that I am 
undervalued, so it is always a matter of speculation.  It is up to you to take a 
call. I can only show you profits, I can only show you cash flows, I can only 
show you strength of the balance sheet and I can show you our track record 
of past 20 years of providing quarter-on-quarter growth and profitability and 
dividends. It is up to you to take the call of how you value that, this is not for 
me to comment on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maneesh Jain from Valuefirst. 
Please go ahead. 
Maneesh Jain: 
Just now the question that the value in the stock market, it is not even close 
to what the deal value would be, so market capitalization is lower, so there I 
want to make a comment.  I am in part of various discussions and forums in 
which stock and shareholders of Hinduja Global give their comments and 
write  things. I think one of the reasons for lower stock market price is that 
people have this fear in their mind that a good part of the money which will 
come into the company will go to promoter group entities, so if management 
takes a very clear commitment that more money will not go to group 
companies, I can assure you that share price will go up immediately by at least 

 
 
Page 21 of 22 
25% to 30%, so this fear has to be removed from the mind of shareholders if 
you really want to achieve your objective of giving good value to the 
shareholders. This is my comment, if you can give some commitment, some 
answer that will be great? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I thought we already answered that question, I clearly said no… none of this 
money that is going to come in  will go to the promoters, all the money is 
going to come to the company. I thought we already answered that question 
earlier in the call. 
Maneesh Jain: 
As ICD, as intercorporate loans, money will not go to promoters,  more loans 
will not be given to group companies or promoter group companies? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
There is a cap of Rs 500 crore, and we are within that cap, so we are not 
exceeding the  cap. 
Maneesh Jain: 
So that will show in the stock prices now post this conference call? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I can't comment on that, I have already committed what the sale proceeds 
are going to go into. We have said nothing is going to the promoters, the 
entire money is coming into the company. 
Maneesh Jain: 
But the money which is coming to the company now will not be given as fresh 
loans to the group companies, so that commitment will be very useful? 
Partha DeSarkar: 
I think you should look at how we return money to the shareholders and then 
let us have a chat again. I don’t believe that shareholders will have any reason 
to complaint given the fact that the only reason that we did this deal was to 
unlock value for shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last 
question. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivas for closing 
comments. 
Srinivas Palakodeti: 
Thank you everyone. Thank you for your time and joining us on this Q2 
earnings call and for your feedback and the questions which were asked. 

 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Thank you for joining us on this call and look forward to interacting with you 
when we do our Q3 call. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability. For the sake of brevity, the edited version 
of the above content has certain abbreviations/abridgement of words and sentences. 
 
 
