 
Regd. Office: 9th Floor, Antriksh Bhavan, 22 Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi – 110 001 
Phone: 011 – 23736857, E‐mail: loans@pnbhfl.com, Website: www.pnbhfl.com 
CIN: L65922DL1988PLC033856 
 
 
November 03, 2021 
 
The BSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 540173 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: PNBHOUSING 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript for Q2 and H1 FY 2021-22 Earnings Call held on 
November 02, 2021. A copy of the same is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.pnbhousing.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For PNB Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Sanjay Jain 
Company Secretary & Head Compliance 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by SANJAY JAIN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=65ada7397c3d225adf29940cbb9753a92
cfe64638308ce9a4e19619b44869092, 
postalCode=110092, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=6acc8353569b38f2d89425d50a3b
042ece4a60aaa167ca254eb93394f670dd96, 
cn=SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2021.11.03 20:00:00 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“PNB Housing Finance Limited Q2 & H1 FY'22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Participants from PNB Housing Finance: 
Mr. Hardayal Prasad  
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Kapish Jain  
Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Nitant Desai  
Chief Centralized Operations & Technology Officer  
Mr. Sanjay Jain  
Company Secretary and Head Compliance  
Mr. Rajan Suri  
Business Head – Retail  
Mr. Jatul Anand  
Credit Head – Retail  
Mr. Neeraj Manchanda  
Chief Risk Officer  
Mr. Saurabh Suri  
Head- Remedial management Group  
Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi  
Head - Investor Relations  
 
 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 & H1 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call 
of PNB Housing Finance Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you, Margreth. Good evening and welcome everyone. We are here to discuss PNB 
Housing Finance Q2 & H1 Financial Year '21-22 Results. 
You must have seen our Business and Financial Numbers in the Presentation and the Press 
Release shared with the Indian stock exchanges and also available on our website, 
www.pnbhousing.com 
 
With me, we have our entire management team across verticals sitting over here, led by Mr. 
Hardayal Prasad – Managing Director and CEO. 
We will begin this call with the Performance Update by the Managing Director and CEO, 
followed by an interactive Q&A Session. 
Please note this call may contain forward-looking statements which exemplify our judgment and 
future expectations, concerning the development of our business. These forward-looking 
statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual developments and results to 
differ materially from our expectations. PNB Housing Finance undertakes no obligation to 
publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. A detail 
disclaimer is on slide #36 of the Investor Presentation. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Hardayal Prasad. Over to you, sir. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Thank you, Deepika and good evening everyone and welcome to our Q2 & H1 FY'22 Results. 
On behalf of the company, I extend a very warm welcome to all of you and wish you all a very 
happy safe and healthy festive season. 
Before I share business and financial update, let me give you an update on the transformational 
project, Project IGNITE that the company embarked upon in the last financial year. The Phase-
1 which was a diagnostic phase of the project was successfully completed with various projects 
identified across the value chain of the organization. The Phase-2 of the project, which is design 
and implementation; has kicked off well and is within timelines. 
The key structural initiatives identified by the diagnostic phase and the design and 
implementation are:  
 
Scale up the high yield affordable housing Unnati business by focusing on tier-2 and 
tier-3 geographies. We are on track to open 13 Unnati locations in this quarter itself;  

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Enhance our core capability of serving self-employed, non-professionals across 
segments; c 
 
Create differentiators to remain competitive in salary segment. This can be generated 
through enhanced customer experience with improved PAT and revamped digital 
customer journey. 
 
Improved collections and recovery by leveraging digitization and building advance 
analytics. We have initiated multiple projects and these projects are on track to be 
delivered within this fiscal year. 
 
Optimize productivity and right-size infrastructure to derive higher profitability. A 
core team comprising of senior leaders is in place in the company to implement the 
identified initiatives. 
Let me now share business and financial update. With opening up of restrictions post second 
wave of COVID, the company registered a healthy 68% growth in disbursements in Q2 FY'22 
as compared to the previous quarter. The company disbursed INR 2,961 crores during the quarter 
with 96% of the disbursements in retail segment in line with our agenda. With retail focus 
approach, we were able to control the degrowth in retail loan portfolio assets during the quarter.  
Our affordable segment which is the Unnati is currently at INR 3,043 crores of AUM. With 
focus on the affordable segment, the company has identified 13 locations in tier-2 and tier-3 
geographies to be operationalized. 6 of these 13 locations are operationalized last month itself. 
With the opening of field movement and legal machinery, we witnessed improvement in 
resolutions. The collection efficiency for Q2 FY'22 stood at 98.3% as compared to 95.4% in Q1 
FY'22. As a result, the retail gross NPA reduced by healthy 14% on absolute basis in September 
'21 compared to June '21. The gross NPA of the company stood at 5.92% as on 30th September 
'21 on loan asset basis. The net NPA as on 30th September '21 stood at 3.32%. 
The company as a prudent measure has made adequate provisions and our total provisions to 
total asset is at healthy 4.8%. 
In terms of the percentage, the retail GNPA stood at 3.3% as on 30th September '21 compared to 
3.8% as on 30th June '21. The corporate book GNPA stood at 19.1% as on 30th September '21 as 
compared to 15.9% as on 30th June '21 on a depleting book which further reduced by 9% in June 
'21. The increase in corporate GNPA is from the already identified SICR accounts. 
The Remedial Management Group continues to work towards accelerated resolution of corporate 
accounts. The company has seen some positive traction in two accounts worth INR 359 crores 
during the quarter. In one account, the resolution plan is finalized by the Committee of Creditors 
and is awaiting NCLT approval. The account is resolved; however, it will continue to be in our 
NPA book for some time. For both these accounts on lines of prudence, we have retained the 
existing provisions. On an overall basis, the company carries 18.3% provision on the loan assets 
in the corporate book with coverage ratio of 58% in stage-III accounts. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
During the half year, the company has sold and received accelerated payments of INR 1,214 
crores. The Corporate book has degrown by 44% in absolute terms in September '21 from March 
'19. 
Talking about the liabilities, the incremental cost of borrowing stood at 5.74% for the quarter. 
The average cost of borrowing declined by 68 basis points to 7.41% as on 30th September '21 
compared to the same time last year. 
The company has maintained liquidity of INR 5,772 crores as on 30th September '21.  
On the capital raise, as informed time-to-time, the board of the company on 14th October '21 
decided not to proceed with the preferential allotment of INR 4,000 crores. The decision was 
taken considering various factors, which are not to divert the attention and resources of the 
company into protracted legal proceedings, no visibility or certainty as to the timeline for judicial 
determination of the legal issues and to move ahead to achieve the primary objective of the 
company to raise capital. The company has filed an application to withdraw its appeal with SAT. 
Further, the Supreme Court on 20th October '21 dismissed the appeal filed by SEBI, stating that 
the appeal has become infructuous due to subsequent developments. The company is working 
with SEBI to close the issue. 
The company is presently comfortably capitalized with CRAR at 20.66% and tier-1 at 17.82%. 
The leverage has come down to less than 6x at 5.89x as on 30th September '21 with reduced 
share of corporate book at 17% of loan assets in September '21 from 22% of loan assets in March 
'20. 
The promoters and key shareholders of the company have always been supportive of the 
company. Having said so, the company will work with the board to enable capital to augment 
growth through other modes. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions-and-answers. We have the whole 
management team sitting over here and thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Gautami Desai from Chanakya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gautami Desai: 
Sir, we have been hearing of late there is some middle management and above leaving from the 
PNB Housing Finance more so in the last six months. So any particular reason for that? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
Ma'am, churning of an organization is always good. However, as far as the management is 
concerned, we definitely are seeing some more attrition in the Company. However, the top 
management continues to remain. There will always be a few people who will move out of the 
organization, looking for better opportunities or for other considerations, family considerations, 
personal reasons. However, we do not see that it is a very big issue in terms of the attrition. We 
are continuously monitoring the situation. Wherever required, we are also going ahead and doing 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
the recruitments. With the business coming down to some extent, we still feel that on the 
productivity side and on other considerations, the company is well human capitalized and we 
will continue to attract very good talent. 
Gautami Desai: 
And sir the way wholesale has been running down, we believe that there have not been as many 
mishaps the market has expected earlier. So at some point of time, would PNB Housing Finance 
think of restarting the wholesale funding? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
At this moment, we remain extremely committed to three things: One is a very clear agenda that 
we have set for ourselves in January. The second is that the retail focus is very-very strong with 
almost 96% of the disbursements under the retail. The third is that we believe that we need to 
deplete the corporate book at this stage. At some point of time, we will think about it, but right 
now, it's a little early to say that whether the company will go ahead and look for that opportunity. 
Right now, we believe that it is time that we need to conserve capital and the capital that is freed 
by the rundown and the corporate allows us to grow in the retail segment. I think that is very 
critical for the company at this stage. 
Gautami Desai: 
Sir, actually what we fear is that your affordable as a percentage of the whole company is small, 
even you have a stellar growth on that side, the overall growth of the company might be 
extremely limited and now that the differential between your borrowing cost and the larger bank, 
their book growing and plus the other banks and NBFCs going so aggressive on home loans. 
Would our business model kind of allow us to have that kind of growth for the entire company? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
There is a silver lining over there in terms of what we have done in the retail segment. In this 
quarter if you look at it, it's almost a flat growth that has come in. So after about eight or nine 
quarters of negative growth, the company has only degrown by INR 152 crores or INR 157 
crores. I think that's a strong statement because our disbursements grew significantly. We will 
continue to focus on the retail segment, which continues to improve. And more importantly, if 
you look at the past of the company, the company has a very-very strong distribution network, 
the company has specialized itself in retail, especially self-employed, salaried as well as it is 
building strength on the Unnati platform. And I don't see any reason with the kind of interest 
rates we are now quoting, with the last reduction being done during October itself that there will 
be a challenge.Yes, there will always be challenges with the bank, but I think we are reaching a 
sweet spot where we should be able to have a complete flat growth and then going forward we 
will continue to grow on our asset side. I think with the mortgage industry showing very-very 
good sign, there is room for everyone to grow. We have the right talent, we have the right people 
working over there, and we have the right distribution and the strength to grow. It's just a matter 
of time that we will be back in the business and very strongly we will come and grow. But please 
remember that the company is very-very mindful of the fact that we would like to have a very 
calibrated growth so that the profitability is protected. So there are two things that we will take 
care of; one of them is on the top line, we were continuously monitoring the top line and we will 
continuously do it; and the second is the bottom line. These two will remain the cornerstone of 
our growth story that PNB HFL will focus right now.  

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Gautami Desai: 
Is 15%, 20% kind of a growth there in the near-term visibility? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
We are not coming out with any kind of guidance because you have seen in the last about eight 
or nine quarters, we have had a negative growth. The first milestone is to ensure that we have a 
flat numbers and then the growth story will start. Maybe in the next quarter or March quarter 
when we meet, it is at that time that we should be in a position to give you a much better guidance 
on where exactly we are going to move forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishnendu Shah from Quantum Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishnendu Shah: 
Could you talk a little bit about the spreads and your NIM, how do you see compression in the 
spreads to 2.8% from 3.3% for the quarter, because you are showing a retail heavy portfolio? 
And if I remember, Unnati was supposed to be a high yielding product. So just some thoughts 
on the NIM, how do you look at the next one year maybe? 
Kapish Jain: 
Unnati is something that we are building up and it is not that Unnati is becoming a big part Of 
the entire portfolio. As you would have heard earlier as well under the Project IGNITE, we are 
looking at all aspects of this particular business on a 360 degree basis to build the right 
infrastructure and the support to go ahead and build the entire business. So today the business is 
largely what it is from a retail side and the corporate business. So as we have shared earlier as 
well, our spread not considering securitization is around 2.8% and 2.8% is something that we 
have consistently maintained in Q1, Q2 and also for the half year as well. If you look into Q4 of 
last year as well, the spread has been on similar line for the company. Also in Q2 FY 21, our 
Spread (excluding the securitization income) is at 2.7%. So for us, as we build the retail 
franchise, the yield might come down but we also get that benefit of lower borrowing cost as we 
have a larger share of retail it opens new avenues to raise fund, whether it's from the regulator, 
whether it's from the bank, PSL borrowings or through the route of ECBs, for us it's overall 
spread and margin which is something very critical to maintain and we have demonstrated that 
we have been able to maintain the healthy spread which is in the upwards of around 2.5% and 
plus, even with the lower and downward movement of the corporate book. 
Krishnendu Shah: 
Will we actively pursue securitization in the near future also? 
Kapish Jain: 
No, we don't intend to progress any securitization in the near future. As what MD mentioned, 
the objective of this company is to build the retail asset and build the asset on our balance sheet. 
In his speech, you would have heard  that we are adequately well placed with regard to our 
capitalization, we are at a 21% of capital adequacy with 5.9x gearing, with a lower share of 
corporate book. So in spite of capital not coming in as a primary way, we are anyway releasing 
capital with lower share of corporate book. So, in a different manner, the capital is anyway 
getting accumulated and buffered into the organization to enable and progress the retail growth 
which is what we are eyeing for. We are not looking for any securitization or any sell-down. If 
we get good opportunity to buy assets, we would like to go and look to buy assets as well. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Chheda from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Chheda: 
My question is more towards competition right now. Banks are very aggressive in home loan 
front. Just wanted some data on what is the level of balance transfer you are accepting right now. 
How will the trend be over say around 12-18 months? 
Rajan Suri: 
You are absolutely right, I mean, the rates of interest in the market is very-very competitive as 
on date and if you talk about the balance transfer (BT), 18% of the BT out is happening on our 
portfolio, but we are in a process of retaining the customers in a very strong way. As just 
mentioned by Kapish also, we have reduced our rates in the last month only. We will be able to 
hold on to our customers and reduce this BT out portfolio going forward. 
Pratik Chheda: 
How much is the decline in AUM would you attribute to the BT out right now? 
Rajan Suri: 
As I told, it is 18%, I mean, in terms of value, I don't have the exact number of BT out, so we 
will share with you offline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subramanian Iyer from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Subramanian Iyer: 
Just some data keeping questions. So if you can help us with the breakdown of stage-II as well 
as restructured loans into retail and corporate? And also, what proportion of the restructured has 
been classified as stage-I? 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
In the retail book, the total restructuring book is INR 2,071 crores, in the corporate the  book it 
is INR 336 crores, and INR 796 crores is in stage-2 of the retail portfolio. 
Subramanian Iyer: 
If you can also break up the stage-2 into retail and corporate? 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
These numbers actually we are giving annual reviews only but our stage-2 has reduced in this 
quarter for corporate book as well as for retail book. 
Subramanian Iyer: 
Just wanted to understand this impact of securitization and compression which has impacted the 
NII. How should we think about this going forward, I mean, in terms of impact on NII if you 
can please articulate that? 
Kapish Jain: 
It's been our constant endeavor to keep working on reducing our cost of borrowing. As you 
would have heard in MD's address as well there's been 68 basis points decline between H1 of 
last year to H1 of this year. Incremental cost of borrowing is touching around 5.74% which 
means that we are working on continuously supporting the two aspects of our business; one is 
the new acquisition rate which we can potentially get at a lower rate and also the element on 
repricing of my old book. We as recent as last month only have reduced our rates to enable 
repricing at lower rates and retain good customers. So these efforts will help us in getting further 
traction and retain good customers in the portfolio and then enable us to help and retain our good 
quality assets so that our securitization assets behave the way they have been envisaged and don't 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
have negative impact coming into our P&L for that book. The securitization book has now come 
down to around INR 10,500 crores. In history we've done an aggregate of around INR 20,000-
INR 22,000 crores of securitization. That book is less than half today. So as the book shrinks 
further, the impact of that on the P&L will only go lesser and therefore we will be able to get 
our spread and NIM more from the BAU business that we are building for ourselves. 
Subramanian Iyer: 
Is there a possibility of such further one-off impacts as well? 
Kapish Jain: 
So the one-off impact can only be to the extent that if we see higher runoffs for that portfolio 
compared to earlier envisaged, then of course there will be a reversal on the income that's 
potentially factored earlier. But with these efforts, we do see some traction which should help 
us in arresting these runoff in that book in particular. More particularly, as you see the markets 
are moving towards a little hardening side, these hardenings would also help us getting ourselves 
more competitive compared to others and the gap also narrows down for us to be more attractive 
when I'm offering in the market. 
Subramanian Iyer: 
Just to summarize that basically this one-off impact is largely because of run off in the portfolio 
as well to a certain extent? 
Kapish Jain: 
Yes, one-off impact is largely because of the higher than anticipated run off behavior of the 
securitized portfolio which is causing this deduction on the income there. 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
One additional piece of information on the restructuring. In the retail of INR 2,071 crores which 
I talked about, around INR 700 plus crores is in the stage-2, of that INR 550 plus odd crores is 
because of the SICR. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Is it possible to talk about some of those corporate accounts that have slipped for you during the 
quarter? I'm not sure if you already covered it in the opening remarks which accounts were those, 
if you can give some qualitative color on the accounts which have slipped in your portfolio? 
Saurabh Suri: 
So what we can just tell you is that it's just a single account which is a INR 159 crores account 
which has moved into NPA only and that was already part of the SICR which we had declared 
in March earlier. So nothing new which has come out, it is just one account which is forward 
flow. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Second question that I had was on the disbursements. I am not sure and please correct me if I'm 
wrong but I recall that in the past you guided for about 50% growth in disbursements in FY'22. 
I understand we are in consolidation more than our AUM has been declining, but given that we 
did about INR 10,500 crores in FY'21, we have done about I think INR 4,700 crores in the first 
half of the year, do you think we can kind of reasonably do anything between 11,000 crores to 
12,000 crores in this financial year? 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Rajan Suri: 
Absolutely right, we have been talking about that we will be clocking a growth of 40% to 50% 
and we still stand by it, there is no doubt on that because if you see overall sentiments in the 
markets have improved and people are going out and buying properties and all those things, a 
lot of transactions are happening in the market. That's the overall economy factor that is playing, 
one. Internally, also we have done a lot of changes in terms of sourcing business. So if I can talk 
about all those things, maybe we have reduced the rates as I said earlier also and that gives us a 
lot of impetus in the market to go out and source good quality business. Second, yes, we have 
opened up a little bit of market for our builder segment which is on retail side. And third, we are 
coming out with some kind of changes towards sourcing pattern for our customers. So all these 
things are happening and obviously we have got a vast, vast distribution which is always our 
strength. It's just about time we start taking advantage of that and we go all out in the market. 
And yes, as you know, we have always been very aggressive on giving the stats and all those 
things in the market and we'll maintain that and these numbers will not be a problem going 
forward. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
I might sound a little bit critical but just trying to understand this better that most of the other 
housing finance companies, I mean the two largest housing financiers in our country and if I 
kind of even look at some of the smaller affordable housing financiers, everyone talked about 
very-very strong demand momentum in housing finance during Q2 FY'22 and something which 
continued in October as well. I think we have had a fairly stable leadership team at least over 
the last let's say two to three quarters. Then what is it that is still kind of holding it back? I'm 
seeing we see improvement on the cost of borrowings, we are targeting a slightly different 
customer segment than what we did in the past. Then what is it that is kind of holding us back 
at least in disbursement. I understand the book could continue to run off. There could be higher 
BT outs because there is a lot of aggression from banks and larger HFCs. But what is it that is 
holding us back on disbursements? And maybe another question for Mr. Prasad. Sir I understand 
this might be a little bit of a sensitive issue, but the fact that we have kind of decided that we 
will not go ahead with the announced capital raise and that we will be kind of looking at other 
alternatives for this capital raise. Did today in the board meeting we kind of sit with the Board 
and present what are the other alternative options which are available and if you can just show 
us through some color from your perspective in terms of what are the options which are available 
and which could be presented to the board? 
Rajan Suri: 
I'll take the first one and second one obviously MD sir will take. So on the disbursements side, 
I think if you have seen the presentation we have again come up with a good number for 
disbursement; we are 50% over last H1 of FY'21. In terms of logins and sanctions and all those 
things, we are way-way ahead of our numbers as far as the business plan is concerned. So overall 
if we see on the disbursement growth, we are far ahead in terms of logins, and in terms of 
sanctions also, we are way ahead of our business plan numbers. I've earlier also explained, it's 
just about time now, we are ramping up things now and as I said there was a difference in the 
rate of interest between us and the competition earlier. Now even that is also covered to a larger 
extent, though I would say, yes, we are not there but yes, we have covered in a larger extent and 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
we're in a fighting spirit, and we will do better than what is expected as mentioned earlier and 
40% to 50% growth we will be maintaining and that's how we will move forward. 
Hardayal Prasad: 
I think it's very important to understand that the company was undergoing a transition and it has 
almost reached a level where this quarter I mentioned to you there was a flat growth. We have 
had a very good disbursement if you take into account YoY or sequentially also. So we will 
continue to work towards that to grow and to ensure that we have a calibrated growth. Very 
important for us in our state where we had a capital constraint, we can have only calibrated 
growth and that is what the company is very steadfastly doing. So having said that on the 
disbursement and on the retail side, the company presently is comfortably capitalized with 
CRAR at 20.66% and tier-1 is at 17.82%. The leverage actually because of all that has happened 
and all that the company has done has come down to less than 6% at 5.89x as on 30th September 
with reduced share of corporate book. I think this is very critical which frees away significant 
amount of capital to be lent towards the retail. And that is one thing that the company was always 
looking at. It was stuck with the corporate book, utilizing very high capital and now with the 
freeing of the capital, we have great opportunity to grow on the retail. Having said so, the board 
actually recognizes the need for capital in the medium to long term basis. And secondly the 
promoter as well Carlyle and other stakeholders have been extremely supportive. I mean the 
very fact that we came out with such a large issue, is a demonstration of the fact that stakeholders 
have strong faith in the company. So the need of the capital remains over there, we will look at 
it and we will take it to the board as and when it is actually required. Presently I can only say to 
you that we are pretty well capitalized, the promoters and other stakeholders remain committed 
towards the company's growth cycle and at the appropriate time the company will take it forward 
for any kind of mode to raising the capital. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Is it fair to say that in the near term we will not be pursuing the equity capital raise and it will be 
business as usual? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
No, I am not saying that. I'm just saying that at the right time we will go back and we will talk 
to the board to see that what best options we can have. But presently keeping in view the 
depleting corporate book, the availability of capital to grow, the retail segment, the CRAR at 
20.66%, tier-1 at 17.82%, I think the company can look forward for growth at these numbers 
also. This is what we will continue to look at it, but I'm also telling you that the moment we feel 
the need to raise capital, we will approach the stakeholders who have been supportive towards 
the company in terms of the capital raise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Singla from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Singla: 
One question regarding the restructuring book. I couldn't get that number. The retail book on the 
restructure side is INR 2,071 crores, out of which INR796 crores is in stage-2. Is my 
understanding correct? 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
Yes, 750-plus odd in stage-2, which includes SICR proportion of 550-odd crores or so. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Anuj Singla: 
Rest of the book is all in stage-1? 
 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
Yes, majority is in stage-1. 
 
Anuj Singla: 
What kind of provisioning have we provided there for the restructured book? 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
At overall level for a restructuring portfolio in the retail book, we have provisions in the range 
of 12% to 13%. 
Anuj Singla: 
And corporate side? 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
INR 336 crores is the restructured book. The provision would be around 15%, tosub-20% kind 
of a number on an average. 
Anuj Singla: 
Lastly, on the adverse one-off related to the performance of the securitized portfolio. What is 
the parameter because of which you have to take the adverse one-off impact and can you quantify 
that? And the second one when you talked about adverse behavior is it that because of the runoff 
of the book or you had some maybe on the performance side the stage-III and the write-offs were 
higher than what you were earlier expecting? 
Kapish Jain: 
No-no, the securitized portfolio gets an adverse impact in the P&L because of two elements. 
One is that when I'm securitizing the portfolio, at that point in time we have a history of its 
performance with regard to its life. And because of BT pressure if they are running off sooner, 
then there are potential future earning which I will not get in my book and therefore I have to 
undo the entire working here because of which the P&L gets impacted. So that is the negative 
P&L variance impact which I was talking about. This portfolio is a very high quality and I would 
say gold standard kind of a portfolio and therefore the asset quality here is very good. There's 
absolutely no doubt about the asset quality part of this book and that's essentially why this is on 
target as well with regards to acquisition by others and that's the only element that i was talking 
about. So whatever we envisage with regard to run off experience, it's actually more than what 
we had factored in our working when we did this sell down of portfolio. 
Anuj Singla: 
Possible to quantify that for this quarter, how much was the impact? 
Kapish Jain: 
The impact for this particular quarter with regard to the income reversal or unwinding is INR 61 
crores and last quarter this amount was INR 18 crores. Just to tell you, in FY'21, same quarter 
with the reduction in MCLRs of the bank, we could earn more from these assets because our 
yield was not going down and that resulted in a positive experience of around INR 105 crores. 
So the anomaly between Q2 of this year to Q2 of last year is a differential of around INR 166 
crores because it was INR 105 crores positive compared to a INR 61 crores negative. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Kunal Shah: 
Firstly, in terms of Unnati book so when we look at the scale up in fact that seems to be like 
tapering down maybe it went up from INR 1,700 to 2,600 crore, INR 2,600 to 3,000 crore. So 
we saw almost like INR 400 crores of accretion last year during COVID and in the first half no 
doubt our first quarter would have got impacted, but still that hardly INR 60 crores, INR 80 odd 
crores. So, I am not able to get as to what is actually hampering the growth in that segment when 
it is such a focus area and when do we see the scale up happening on the Unnati book? 
Rajan Suri: 
On Unnati book if you talk about in same time last year we were at AUM of INR 2,787 crores 
and currently we are at INR 3,043 crores of AUM which is 9% of increase on AUM side and 
yes we are opening up as mentioned earlier we are opening up location/branches which will be 
Unnati specific location and branches and from there we will be definitely getting. So, we are in 
the process so that is how this transformation team, IGNITE team is working on where we will 
be getting on to this piece and we are picking up very strongly in future. Currently the 
infrastructure and everything remains the same we are of the same structure. Going forward we 
are building on to it and it is a real big portfolio out of this Unnati business.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
Kunal just one thing, January we decided that we will bring focus on the retail book with special 
emphasis on the Unnati portfolio, which is the affordable piece. Now having said that we have 
started working on it, you would appreciate that it is a completely different business as against 
the kind of business that the company was doing. Company was between mid and premium 
segment which it was doing on the salaries and on the self employed and it was decided that it 
is now going to focus on the Unnati affordable piece. So, first thing that was done was to create 
a vertical within the chief sales officer a vertical was created to actually start monitoring those. 
So, we first of all started concentrating and building the portfolio and sourcing the business from 
our existing branches. Now this time when we along with the results we have told that we have 
gone to open 13 branches out of which 6 branches were opened last month. Now it is not just 
opening of the infrastructure it is actually that you have to create the separate kind of a sales 
force, the underwriting team and the collection team also. So, it is definitely going to take little 
bit time, but we might be able to reach the inflection point in the next three months and it is at 
that time that you will see the buildup of asset taking place.  
Kunal Shah: 
Second question is with respect to the corporate so compared to 31st March wherein we used to 
disclose the breakup between retail and corporate Stage-3 it used to be 12.5% now it is almost 
20% and when we look at the breakup or maybe the disclosure wherein we say that 65% is say 
zero plus, so should we broadly assume that maybe there would have been forward flows from 
Stage-2and even from stage 1 to Stage-2and Stage-2 would have been broadly be flat or overall 
Stage-2 plus Stage-3 there would have been an improvement compared to March, how should 
we look at it because I think that number is still I think it is going up in terms of maybe non zero 
DPD so I think Stage-2 is getting sticker plus the flows are there into Stage-3? 
Saurabh Suri: 
There is definite improvement there you have given out two numbers. One is 75% of the book 
as on 30th September is stage 1 and out of that 19% separately is Stage-3. So, Stage-2 has actually 
improved and moved into stage 1 there has been an improvement there.  

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Kunal Shah: 
So maybe it is overall 75% so broadly 25% between Stage-2 and Stage-3 of which 20% is in 
Stage-3 then Stage-2 ideally should have been down compared to what we have disclosed in 
March? 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
Let me just rearrange the number little bit for you. Look the portfolio sell down  is a deliberate 
activity which we have been doing. It is a conscious corporate call for a capital release, Kapish 
also talked about. In the percentage term the Stage-3 has increased and in the absolute term 
whatever is gone into a Stage-3 is an identified SICR account. So, first of all there is no 
unexpected risk which has arisen in the book yet that is the first thing. Second thing on the Stage-
2 whatever SICR we have declared those had gone into high risk. There is a one account which 
is in Stage-2 worth INR 100 crore which is still bucket zero. We are going well with that, that is 
a part of the Stage-2. We do not see any unexpected risk in the near future also. So, company 
will relook into this in the March and probably we may revert it back. If I compare those numbers 
vis-a-vis the last quarter when the COVID had impacted us in Quarter 1 since then there is a 
backward movement also in the corporate book. Going forward as MD also talked about there 
are two cases where we have got resolution, in one case we have already ticketed many boxes 
and we will see some backward movement for Stage-3 also. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir the only thing was maybe Stage-2 is still down so I was just getting to that number that maybe 
it is compared to 13 odd percent even though we do not disclose, but that is like almost 5%, 4%? 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
We will disclose those numbers as a policy it is being coming in the annual event only, but we 
are assuring that the company is working on the resolution, the traction is good, positive and 
results will be out on a positive manner very soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnendu Saha from Quantum Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Krishnendu Saha: 
Just on the capital raise fund as you spoke about that we do not want to grow the book fast and 
the profitability increasing, ROE is decreasing , do you see some of the money coming back 
from the asset which we have said to resume, but do we see capital being raise even after year 
or later this opportunity will be there and the book will not be growing so are we enough 
capitalized for the next two years at least or one and half year for FY23? 
Hardayal Prasad: 
I think I have already mentioned to you on the capital raise that right now we are in a position 
where the CRAR as well as Tier-1 is in good shape. The gearing has come down because of the 
depleting corporate book, we have significant amount of capital available for our retail book to 
grow, however, because of the various factors that go into any company’s capital plans, we will 
take a call, we will approach the board at a right time. I am not saying that it is short, long it 
could be any time, but we are definitely reviewing everything possible in terms of our strategy 
and all options are being evaluated for the capital raise. The first thing was to undo whatever 
had been done from 31st May onwards which be it is in the public domain we have taken a 
conscious call; we have done everything possible. So, we are just out of that particular 
transaction. Now it is the time to rethink and presently as our results are coming up I have given 

 
PNB Housing Finance Limited 
November 2, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
you a very clear idea of where we stand in terms of our capital adequacy, in terms of our Tier-1, 
in terms of our leverages, depleting book and that is one of the reason why now is the time that 
the management team will sit together to evaluate the options that it has and then take it forward 
to the board that what best is required for the company. I can only tell you that not only the 
board, but all stakeholders are extremely supportive of the way the company is trying to navigate 
the capital requirements as well as whatever is possible in terms of the businesses.  
Hardayal Prasad: 
I thought you also asked one more question, you can respond on the reversal of provisions 
Neeraj Manchanda: 
We have not done any reversal of provisions so far. In the future, it’s a model driven thingand 
we will evaluate how things are moving and accordingly will take a call on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participant. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Deepika Gupta Padhi for closing comments.  
Deepika Gupta Padhi: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on the call if you have any questions and answer please feel 
free to get in touch with investor relations. The transcript of this call will be uploaded on our 
website. Thank you and wish you all a very Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PNB Housing Financial Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
