is relations 
November 17, 2021 
The Corporate Service 
Department 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Sirs, 
The Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
TD Power Systems Limited 
(CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071) 
REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY: 
27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area 
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk 
Bengaluru Rural District 
Bengaluru — 562 111 India 
Tel 
+9180 229 95700 / 6633 7700 
Fax 
+91 80 2773 4439 / 2299 5718 
Mail 
tdps@tdps.co.in 
www.tdps.co.in 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEB! LODR - Transcript of Analyst & Investors call 
With respect to the above subject, please find attached transcript of Analyst & Investors conference call 
relating to un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021 held on 
November 11, 2021. 
Please take the above on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For TD Power Systems Limited 
nis ivatsa 
Company Secretary 
Encl: A/a 
 

 
 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 11, 2021 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TD Power Systems Limited 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh 
of CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Devrishi Singh: 
Thank you, Steven. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on  
Q2 FY 22 earnings conference call of TD Power Systems Limited. We have with us 
Mr. Nikhil Kumar - Managing Director, Mrs. M. N. Varalakshmi - Chief Financial 
Officer, and some of their colleagues in the management team on this call. We will 
begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following which, we 
will have the forum open for an interactive Q&A session.  
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. 
Documents related to the company's financial performance have already been 
emailed to all of you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Nikhil Kumar to make his 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Nikhil. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thank you once again for joining us today on 
our earnings call. I trust all of you would have received our results and investor 
presentation.  
Now I'll move on to discuss with you the TDPS financial performance for the quarter 
and half year ended 30th, September 21.  
Standalone, our total income on standalone basis for six months is Rs. 3.21 billion 
versus Rs. 2.13 billion in the same period previous year. Profit after tax and 
comprehensive income for six months is Rs. 169 million versus a profit of Rs.15 
million same period previous year. Manufacturing revenues for six months period is 
Rs. 3.06 billion versus Rs. 2.01 billion. Exports contributed to 47% of manufacturing 
revenues.  
Manufacturing total order book including Turkey stands at Rs. 10.1 billion, out of 
which Rs. 3.53 billion is regular manufacturing business, Rs. 6.32 billion is Railway 
business and Rs. 0.25 billion is the Turkey business. Exports and deemed exports 
constitute 61% of the pending order book.  

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 11 
Order inflow statistics: Six months order inflow is for TDPS India and TDPS Turkey 
together Rs. 2.96 billion versus previous year Rs. 2.48 billion. This is the highest 
order book for the manufacturing business in six months in the history of the 
Company. Order inflow from exports is Rs.163 million. Project business revenue for 
six months is Rs. 0.12 billion versus Rs. 0.05 billion, same period previous year. 
Order book for the project business stands at Rs.0.18 billion.  
On a total consolidated basis, our income is Rs. 3.95 billion versus Rs. 2.61 billion 
same period in the previous year. Profit after tax for six months is Rs. 242 million 
versus profit of Rs. 88 million last year. Consolidated order book is Rs. 10.28 billion. 
We continue to have a strong cash position of Rs. 2.15 billion.  
Now I talk about the order book, market situation and guidance: 
Order book – Our order inflow in the first half is the highest in the history of the 
company at Rs. 2.96 billion, out of which 46% is domestic and 54% is export. We 
are seeing all around increase in demand in all sectors of our business with the 
highest demand coming in from the Steam Turbine segment and the Gas Engine 
segment. In the export side Gas Engine and Steam Turbines and to a lesser extent, 
Hydro have been the sectors where we have seen huge demand. We would also like 
to announce an order was taken in October for 10 units of 15 megawatt generators 
for Gas Turbines for the US Shell Gas oil market. After a long time, we had seen a 
revival in this sector. The Gas Engine business is robust, strong order inflows in this 
quarter, and we have received equally good forecast for the next 12 months. There 
are also a number of Steam Turbines and Hydro projects in the pipeline. Overall, we 
are still very bullish in the export business and continue to see strong order inflows. 
Power shortages and expensive grid power is also leading to more inquiries for 
smaller factory power plants, gas engines and gas turbines and also steam turbines 
with renewable seals like biomass and garbage.  
Domestic – We are seeing a big growth in domestic demand in the Steam Turbine 
segment and Hydro segment. We expect this growth to accelerate with a CAPEX 
cycle still at the early stages. Power shortages in India, expensive grid power, spot 
price reaching almost Rs.15 to 20 per unit, mean a captive power is here to stay in 
India for many years to come. Under investment in base load power for the past 8 to 
10 years, coupled with high expected GDP growth, limitations of wind and solar as 
an alternative, with fuel demand for captive power plants for the foreseeable future. 
The structural imbalances in the power sector in the country take decades to balance 
out.  
We are now happy to announce an order in a new segment. Last time we spoke 
about Synchronous motors. This time we would like to share some details of repair 
of large wind generators. Supplied by an International Company to the Indian market 
many years ago, that has found to have a latent defect. Latent defects are defects 
that show up after years, well beyond the warranty period but are serial in nature. 
There are a total of 500 machines installed in India that will be required to be repaired 
in the next seven years. We have got the order for the first one. Once we dispatch 
this machine in the next six weeks, we expect to get a big size overall demand for 
the next five to seven years. There's limited competition due to the large size of this 
machine. In particular we have found that our two (inaudible) factory is very well 
suited for this business. Finally, we get to use those assets productively. Such kind 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 11 
of manufacturing capability is only available with TDPS and a large PSU in India. We 
expect the segment to provide consistent business for TDPS every year for the next 
five to seven years. The overall size of this market as discussed is 500 machines 
and value could be around Rs.750 crore.  
Turkey - Most of the business from Turkey for this year is almost completed, and we 
expect only another €1 to 2 million sales in H2. For next year we are expecting 
around €3 to 4 million of sale. Market situation is buoyant and recent power 
shortages is making smaller captive power plants with gas, very attractive, since they 
have a quick gestation time. We continue to expand our footprint in existing areas of 
business. The new segment that we have entered will enter to give a big boost 
growth for FY23. Order inflows, enquiry levels are at an all-time high. So, the 
momentum continues. The only grey area continued to be further escalating raw 
material prices and transportation costs and the impact on gross contribution. We 
are negotiating another round of price increases with all our customers. There's no 
choice, but to pass on this impact to the market. We think that the prices of copper 
will continue to be high and be driven higher. But steel should correct. But at the 
moment, we do not see any signs of this correction and therefore the market will 
have to absorb the recent price increases. Starting from Q4 into next year, you will 
see significant improvements in the gross contribution margins of the Company. 
Guidance for FY22 - With increased order inflow, we expect to outperform our initial 
guidance indicated in the previous call. We are now expecting a topline in the 
manufacturing business of Rs. 6.9 to 7 billion with an EBITDA margin raising 
between 10% to 11%. We expect to do around Rs. 4 billion in Q3 and Q4. This will 
be the highest sale for our manufacturing business in the history of the Company. 
TDPS Turkey will deliver the topline of Rs. 0.8 billion. Total manufacturing topline, 
including Turkey will be then between Rs. 7.7 and 7.8 billion. Projects business will 
have a topline of only Rs.0.25 billion. All our subsidiaries will be profitable except the 
US subsidiary which will be breakeven on EBITDA basis.  
This brings me to the end of my initial remarks. I'll now be happy to address all 
queries that you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankit Gupta: 
We can talk about some of our new initiatives. How are they panning out on the 
Railways and synchronous motors or further development on those two segments, 
you were pretty optimistic about the after sales opportunity on the steam generator 
and other generators as well in the last quarter, also if you can talk about this as how 
it is that shaping up?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
With the synchronous motor business, there's a good inquiry pipeline at the moment, 
it's around a Rs. 200 crore pipeline that is active pipeline, I can say, which will be 
finalized in the next few months. We expect to get a good proportion of this. That is, 
fetching strong demand in this sector. All this will be for business for next year. The 
Indian Railway business, we are going to deliver the first set of products to them this 
quarter and they will be mounted on locomotives by hopefully early next year. We 
will get qualified exactly six months after that. I think by end of Q1 next year, TDPS 
will be qualified in the Indian Railways and the remaining three quarters we can 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 11 
expect to get some business from Indian Railways. It will be of course, in full swing 
in the following year. The last question was about the Wind segment. Yeah, we have 
entered the segment. It's going to deliver good margins for us and should provide 
steady business for the company for the next five to seven years.  
Ankit Gupta: 
You did talk about the after-sales of the other generators, steam generators 
particularly the steam generators that we had installed for our customers during the 
past 10, 15 years. I think that they must also be coming for refurbishment. Can we 
throw some light on the same?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
My colleague Head of Sales Mr. Vinay to talk about the other point. 
Vinay Hegde: 
You are talking about, the replacement and refurbishment job of all machines 
supplied 20 years back. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes.  
Vinay Hegde: 
Yeah. We have a fleet of around 5,210 generators now supplied over 98 countries 
worldwide and slowly since last year we are seeing a significant increase in the repair 
business and we're also doing the replacement business. Recently we got one big 
order in hydro refurbishment segment. We are going to repair and refurbish three big 
hydro generators of one of our competitors. This business is going to grow because 
our machines are getting older and there are a lot of competitors machines as well. 
We are now discussing, there are more than 150 Chinese generators in India. So, 
they are also now failing, so customers are approaching us and this is going to 
continue and there's a good potential in this segment as well.  
Ankit Gupta: 
How big can this be opportunity over the next few years for us? 
Vinay Hegde: 
It could be around Rs.30 to 50 crore per year, not including wind.  
Ankit Gupta: 
So, wind can be another Rs.30-50 crore opportunity apart from this?  
Vinay Hegde: 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
On the standalone basis we have done Rs.190 crore of revenue compared to, let's 
say Rs.138 crore which we did in last year’s Q2. If you have to look at it in terms of 
volume, so there will be two elements which would be playing out. One would be the 
increase in realizations primarily due to increase in raw material prices and another 
would be the volume growth that we would be doing. Any idea how much would be, 
I know it will be very difficult to give because we have a lot of segments, but if you 
can broadly tell us how much will be the volume growth in Q2 of this year?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
No see in Q2 as we discussed last time, Q2 and Q3, we definitely have the impact 
of the raw material prices on the gross contribution because of the decision that we 
took to share some of the impact with our customers. Primarily, I would say our steam 
turbine customers in India, where we are taking an impact. And, but as mentioned in 
the previous call, we have also discussed with them price increases and for all new 
orders that are coming in, these new prices are effective, but those will start getting 
delivered only from Q4 onwards. I would say, although, there is an overall gross 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 11 
contribution has shrunk, in Q2 by 4%. That's the entire impact of raw material price 
increases.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Lastly, on the guidance for next year, we talked about the guidance for this year. Any 
change in guidance for next year as well?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
Right now I'm saying that the order inflow is really strong, across all sectors and both 
domestic and exports. So, that's one part of it on the existing generator business. 
There is a new segment that we're talking about synchronous motors, strong inquiry 
pipeline, also this wind repair business. And we are going to talk about other sectors 
as and when we get into them, I can give you a firm number guidance in February, 
but all I can say is that it will be good. We are very bullish and excited about the next 
year’s performance.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from iThought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit B: 
Just wanted to understand this repairs business. I think you answered to the last 
participant question. This business you mentioned this is Rs.750 crore business, as 
some opportunity stand for it, did I get it right? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 
Rohit B: 
And you said that there are only a couple of players TDPS and another PSU. What 
kind of market share are you looking to in this business, maybe the next couple of 
years? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think Vinay has answered this question indirectly, in that when he answered the last 
question. It could be, let's say Rs. 30 to 50 crore per year. It all depends on how 
many machines are actually going to be coming down for repairs also, because we're 
also seeing the customers are actually waiting for the machines to fail and then they 
bring it down. The defect is there, but many of them want to postpone it to the last 
moment.  
Rohit B: 
And so this Rs.30-50 crore you are saying, again just a clarification, the wind 
generator is there and other steam generators also refurbishment what we are also   
going after. You're saying it would be individually Rs.30 to 50 crore. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It would be Rs. 30-40 crore each.  
Rohit B: 
Each got it. One more clarification can you repeat what you had shared for the 
guidance for this year? I missed that if you can just share that. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
For the guidance. I said that I'm not putting a firm number. I just said that the inquiry 
pipeline is very strong for this year. I said Rs.6.9 to 7 billion for the generator business 
and Turkey will be Rs.0.8 billion. So, total Generator business with Rs.7.7 to 7.8 
billion.  
Rohit B: 
Next year you are not giving any number right now. And from a margin perspective, 
Q4 onwards, we will see the recovery, in terms of our gross margins? 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 11 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 
Rohit B: 
You have already communicated about the gross margin pressure earlier, but what 
was heartening to see was the below the gross contribution, the cost did not really 
increase. This should continue going forward if we were to get these kinds of 
revenues, this should be possible? Is that a fair assumption? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yeah, in the next two quarters, we have to do Rs. 4 billion. So, we have to do 
approximately Rs.2 billion per quarter. And there could be a small increase in some 
of the variable costs like power and because they're running flat out. But in terms of 
fixed costs, manpower costs and all those things will remain the same. There could 
be some variation in the variable cost, but it's not going to have a big impact on the 
overall cost structure. We have the next two quarters will not have a big increase in 
the overall cost structure.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Dhruvesh Sanghvi from Prospero Tree, please 
go ahead. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Just a comment Nikhil, last three years, the voice that was missing has somehow 
resurfaced from your side is what I feel, listening to so many con calls now. It's really 
amazing to see your strategy work so well. Again, from a three to five-year 
perspective, in the last con call I think you had talked about a potential CAPEX plan, 
because we might hit our capacities, any thoughts on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think that we are making investments to improve productivity and incremental line 
balancing and we are going to push our available capacity to over thousand crore 
without going it from major CAPEX at the moment. So, we will flog these assets 
before we can take a decision to make some big Greenfield investments. And, at the 
moment, looking at the next, I would say two years out I am not thinking of putting 
any fresh in field. They will be incremental nature CAPEX in the factory. We could 
add a new bay, we could add a new high-tech machinery. We could increase 
productivity. There are a lot of things that we could do within the factory to push this 
number. And that's our primary goal. We have to see how to push the production 
from the existing two plants and create ways to produce more and more from this 
existing two plants. We're not going to be rushing into green field at this point of time.  
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
One more follow-up, in continuation to this outcome, I think natural outcome will be, 
in the form of buyback again or have you thought about anything on that area? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
These incremental investments can also be, we need to have cash for that. And we 
are preserving our capital for such kind of CAPEX as well as increased working 
capital requirements that we will have for the increased sales. We may not have that 
much free cash after these two items to go for a massive buyback. Also, the recent 
increase in the share price in the market also can influence the decision to go for 
buyback.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital, please go 
ahead.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, if you can outline the repair and spare what is the contribution today and the new 
area that we are getting to plus increase repair possibility that we see next 2-3 years, 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 11 
where can it go and what kind of impact it can have on the margins, because 
typically, these are high drop margin area. So, if you can elaborate on that? 
Vinay Hegde: 
I think I have answered this before. Once again, now I'd like to repeat, so one is the 
standard generators of our own machines, recharge more than 5,200 machines 
running in the street. And another part is repair and replacement business of our 
competitors. One more new segment, what we have recently entered, what Nikhil 
explained that is the Wind Turbine generators repair job. What we expect is both put 
together around Rs. 70 to 80 crore business in the coming year.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
As a percentage of sales, are we somewhere close to 5% today and will it move to 
10, 15% is the right understanding? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 15 maybe a little bit of stretch, but I would say 10%. 
Vinay Hegde: 
 Yes, 5% today and it will become 10%.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
These are typically 45, 50% gross margin is that's the right way to look at it? 
Vinay Hegde: 
Yeah. Overall, yes.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky investments, please 
go ahead.  
Pritesh Chheda:  
I have one larger question, just looking at the way the CAPEX is building up in system 
in terms of opportunity and in terms of business, our manufacturing and for lot of 
capital mode company as well was fairly stagnant for some time, do you see a 
situation where in this cycle, you could at least double your revenues from the 
Rs.550-600 crore that we saw last, based on the strength of the business opportunity 
that you see, over the next 24 months. And associated with that, now you mentioned 
that you already have the capacity of Rs. 2,000 crore of manufacturing so associated 
with this kind of revenue improvement, what is the kind of margin levers? Do we have 
a vendor business scale of size to improve? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
First part of the question, whether doubling can take place, I don't really want to go 
that far ahead and say that the domestic recovery is going to be so strong that we 
can double our revenues in two years’ time. I mean, if it happens, I'll be very happy 
we are there in the market and if that kind of explosive growth takes place, I think not 
just us per large number of participants will see this kind of growth. That's good for 
the country also, but I don't think it's going to happen like that in two years, honestly 
speaking. And, we also have another election year coming up next, so shortly in two 
years’ time, so let's see what happens. I hope you're right. But I'm taking little bit 
more conservative view. I would prefer that we see a longer CAPEX cycle in five to 
seven years with steady growth, even with 10 to 15% growth coming in every year 
on the domestic side. That would be preferable to see a longer sustained CAPEX 
cycle rather than a short explosive one and then again, everything goes, down the 
tubes. So, but what’s going to happen on the future. I don’t know. I can’t say.  
The second question was on the margin profile, constantly mentioned that we're not 
going to add much fixed cost to our company to achieve the higher turnover. We are 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 11 
focusing on improving the gross contribution and we have to go in for another price 
increases because the raw material prices have gone up again in the market and we 
have to talk to our customers and get this price increases. There's also a lot of cost 
pressures coming due to freight, all incoming materials, the price of the cost of 
bringing it into our factory has gone up. There is another round of price negotiation 
that we have to do with our customers. Our goal is to bring the gross contribution 
when we increase the gross contribution to where it was in the past. It may take, we'll 
see such impact in Q4 itself and next year we should see the full impact. This is a 
direction in which we're going, the rest of it can be calculated quite quickly on an 
Excel or using an Excel sheet.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Can I ask one more, on generators size the market was certain size and we had a 
large market share. Are there any changes in the industry dynamics, in terms of, the 
size and the market players and market share, or so far what we see is more stable 
market, specific for us? 
Vinay Hegde: 
So, basically the market size has changed. Earlier we used to get many generators 
about 30 Megawatts up to 60 Megawatt. Now the range has changed, the number 
has increased. Now mainly it is from 5 Megawatts to 30 Megawatts. These are mainly 
going for the distillery plants, which are coming up rapidly for the expansion plants 
and the Greenfield projects. Next is the garbage burning plants, then waste heat 
recovery from the steel plants and the cement plants. These are the four major 
sectors and the higher ratings have come down and mainly what we're getting is 
more number of generators in the lesser capacity.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
And the size remains 2,500-3,000 crore? 
Vinay Hegde: 
Pardon me?  
Pritesh Chheda: 
The size of the market? 
Vinay Hegde: 
The size of the market has increased. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And the players are the same? 
Vinay Hegde:  
Players are the same.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
I just want one more clarification on the Railway side. We already have a  
Rs. 600 crore order book but yet you mentioned somewhere in the opening 
comments that you will start supplying in Q4 and then six months as a trial order. Six 
months down the line, we will get some orders. I was just confused. We already have 
600 crore, so I couldn't match the 2 things.  
Vinay Hegde: 
There are two segments. One is basically what we have with the current customer. 
That is actually a joint venture with Indian Railways. Next what Nikhil told in the call 
is a new segment what we’re entering that is directly Indian Railways. We already 
have the order, and we are in the advanced stages of production and we will be 
supplying by this month end the first prototypes and that will be fitted into the train 
and it will be tested for six months, then we become a regular supplier and then this 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 11 
business has got to go. So, these are two different segments. We are not talking 
about Rs. 600 crore pending order, this is a new segment.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anish Jobalia from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead.  
Anish Jobalia: 
One of our key customers in the domestic market is looking at becoming aggressive 
in the 30-100 megawatt of steam turbine segment. Especially in the international 
markets after having recently acquired their stake from the JV partner. The question 
is whether we will also benefit from this aggression of our customers in international 
market and how is this 30-100 Megawatts market shaping up, in the domestic 
market?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
We know who you're talking about. They are one of our most important customers 
and we hope to grow with them, both domestic as well as export. I think we should 
hope for the best.  
Anish Jobalia: 
Then in terms of new initiatives that you're working on, like the synchronous motor, 
also Railways as well as the aftermarket and probably that growth could also come 
from 30-100 or the higher generator segment, how do you see the gross margins 
moving beyond the 32% that we hope to establish by Q4 over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Directionally do you see improving further or you will kind of remain at this 32% gains. 
I mean, what's your direction? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
First step is to bring it to 32% and then we know by improving the product mix and 
trying to increase the aftermarket business, we can hope to improve it further, but 
we need to balance it out with the market competition. And it's a combination of a 
number of factors. First step will be to bring it to 32%, we will obviously be in touch 
with you every quarter and we will keep you posted of the progress.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Adit Shah from Vibrant Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Adit Shah: 
First of all, I want to congratulate you and how we have reinvented the company from 
heavy domestic focus in turbine to building our export franchisee and then building 
a railway franchisee and now building aftermarket franchisee, I think one of the best 
management that I’ve seen in the listed space and I give you hearty congratulations 
as a shareholder of TD Power and secondly the kind of cost control that you have 
shown gives a huge confidence, in light of the pressures on gross margin that we 
have seen. I think that has been more than compensated by a fantastic, cost control 
culture in the company and again a big kudos for that. And, so after that, maybe I 
can just ask two questions. One is on the gross margin. Do you think that next year 
asset will be three we can target a 32% number in terms of gross contribution or you 
think, that could be on the lower side? Number two is I want to understand what is 
our market share ex India globally, in terms of whatever ranges and machines that 
you target not the overall market, but the target, segments if you have, which we 
have within that, what would be TD Power market share? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
First question on gross contribution, we have to get to this level. We have to do a lot 
of work to get there and that's the goal of the management team to try to bring them, 
to get the gross contribution to the level that we discussed. We have to also talk, 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 11 
engage with our customers and we'd have to see how we pass on this from further 
raw material price increases to the market. This is an ongoing process right now. 
We'll keep you updated but the goal is to bring it to that level. In terms of ex India 
market share, I think we are seeing still in single digit.  
Adit Shah: 
Last time I remember you said around 5%, so is it at the same level, has it gone to 
6, 7%, any color on that directionally?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
I have not done that calculation recently to see whether it's moved from 5% to 6%, 
but it is in that range still.  
Adit Shah: 
Do we have any specific targets to reach, say 10% global market share? Do we think 
in that way, or is it order by order customer by customer? That's how we approach? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We have a plan to keep increasing our sales, year-on-year export sales year-on-year 
by adding new customers, adding new verticals and also by cutting deep into existing 
markets. Overall, I think we could, looking at the pace of progress in the past few 
years, I think if we are able to get 10 to 15% growth every year that would be really 
good. So, that's what we can expect.  
Moderator:  
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital, 
please go ahead.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
In your opening remarks, you talked about this order for Shell gas from US for 10 
machines. You said 15 Megawatts, right? So, can you elaborate is this a one-time 
opportunity or a new area or application that we have cracked, how should we look 
at?  
Nikhil Kumar: 
This is actually from a gas turbine manufacturer owned by Caterpillar, and they are 
the leaders in this industry for decades. This product had been under development 
with them for the past two years. We supplied, developing products to them already, 
and then they have won the first big order in the market for supply of these  
15-megawatt generators for the Shell oil business. This is just the first order and, 
with the oil price remaining where it is right now at $80-85 per barrel, we're seeing 
the investment cycle also pickup in the oil side. And oil companies are flushed with 
cash. I feel this would be the beginning of a CAPEX cycle, maybe in the oil industry 
also.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
This is a new application that we have entered? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We were earlier supplying, 6 megawatt machines for the same application. And this 
is now then taken to 15 Megawatt. This may now cater to the very large wells. And, 
we are in both the segments, both 6 and 15. After 6 Megawatt, this was with the 
different companies and this is the different company. We are really in this power 
unit for the shell gas industry TDPS has a dominating market share right now in the 
US.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Second question on Railways, we already have Rs.100 crore run rate from the 
existing customer. We are trying for the new business from Indian Railways, So, in 
three years do we see the Railway business in Rs. 200-250 crore kind of a number, 

 
TDPS – Q2 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 11 
now this kind of our partnership with new private players also, we are working on it. 
How should we look at it? 
Vinay Hegde: 
As I said we are in the advanced stage of manufacturing the prototype, we have to 
dispatch by this month end and it will be fitted to the trains and they do the trial run 
for six months. After that, then, there'll be numerous tenders and we have to 
participate in the tender. We have to become L1 or L2 then based on your category, 
whether it's L1, L2, L3, L4 then they divide the business amongst the participants. 
We are seeing around Rs. 200 crore opportunity total including existing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments, over to 
you Sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you everybody for joining us on this call. If you have any further questions, 
please feel free to get in touch with us and investment relations team, as well as our 
CFO. We look forward to interacting with you in February and the end of the next 
quarter. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of TD Power Systems Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. And you may now disconnect 
your lines.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
