HEG / SECTT / 2021 
1 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
22nd November, 2021 
2 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
PROUD TO BE INDIAN 
PRIVILEGED TO BE GLOBAL 
Dalal Street 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
MUMBAI-400 001. 
Bandra (E), 
Scrip Code : 509631 
MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
Sub: Q 2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Dear Sirs, 
With reference to captioned subject, we hereby enclose the transcript of conference call regarding 
Q2FY22 results which was hosted by the Company on 12th November, 2021. 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge the same. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
audhary) 
Co 
any Secretary 
A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
Encl: as above 
HEG LIMITED 
Corporate Office : 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1 
Noida - 201 301 (NCR-Delhi), India 
Tel.: +91-120-4390300 (EPABX) 
Fax:+91-120-4277841 
Regd. Office : 
Mandideep (Near Bhopal) Dist!. Raisen - 462046 
(Madhya Pradesh), India 
Tel.: +91-7480-405500, 233524 to 233527 
Fax: +91-7480-233522 
Website: www.lnjbhilwara.com 
Website: www.hegltd.com 
Corporate Identification No.: L23109MP1972PLC008290 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“HEG Limited Q2 FY-22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH GULATI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HEG 
LIMITED 
MR. OM PRAKASH AJMERA – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, HEG LIMITED 
MR. GULSHAN SAKHUJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
HEG LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGRAWAL – HEAD-INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES, SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to HEG Limited Q2 FY22 earnings conference 
call. As a reminder, all participants lines will be in listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone 
phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over Mr. Navin 
Agrawal - Head Institutional Equities at SKP Securities Limited. Thank you. And over to you, 
sir. 
Navin Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It is my pleasure to welcome you on behalf of HEG 
Limited and SKP Securities to this financial results conference call with the leadership team at 
HEG limited. We have with us Mr. Manish Gulati - Executive Director; Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera 
- Group CFO; and Mr. Gulshan Sakhuja – CFO. 
We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Gulati, followed by a Q&A session. Over to you, 
Mr. Gulati. Thank you. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. Friends, good afternoon, and welcome to our Q2 financial results call for the year 2021-22. 
As you can see, this quarter's profits were higher than the previous quarters and among the best 
in the industry. Thanks to strong global steel demand was through steel output increased by 7.9% 
in the first nine months of this calendar year, including China, while steel production in the rest 
of the world, excluding China increased by 15.5%. 
If we compare China's steel production of quarter two with quarter one, there has been a steep 
decline in steel production from 292 million metric tons level 244 million metric tons, which is 
49 million metric tons lower. This is due to their drive to lower carbon emission levels. And 
moreover, from November, they will be having winter cuts where they are supposed to be cutting 
30% of their production. 
This will result in reduced Chinese steel exports, enabling the rest of the world to make more 
steel, as you know 47% to 48% of which is from the electric arc furnace route, where graphite 
electrodes are used. In fact, if you look at the monthly production of China, the September was 
probably the lowest monthly production in 33 years, and October registered even  3% lower than 
September. 
Coming to our country, Indian crude steel production increased by 23.3% for the nine months 
January to September this year, compared to the previous year. Despite the second wave of 
COVID-19 Indian steel industry performed exceptionally well in the last two, three quarters with 
very high-capacity utilization, and record margins. According to WSA's latest short-range 
outlook steel demand would expand by 4.5% in 2021, reaching 1185 million metric tons, up 
from 0.1% growth in 2020. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
And further steel demand is expected to increase by 2.2% to 1,896 million metric tons in 2022. 
In comparison with the last quarter's results HEG's performance this quarter was much stronger, 
supported by improved global demand for graphite electrodes and firming up of prices. In Q2, 
FY21-22 electrode prices improved for both  UHP and non-UHP grades, and we expect them to 
keep strengthening in the following quarters. 
Our high-cost inventory of electrodes as well as  high cost needle coke have all been liquidated. 
As we talk, the needle coke costs are also rising in tandem with electrode prices and the scarcity 
of needle coke due to increased demand could keep supply tight for the foreseeable future. Our 
ongoing capacity expansion from 80,000 tons to 100,000 tons is in full swing. 
And we hope to be in the market with these new products by end 2022 or early 2023. This will 
bring our capacity under one roof to 100,000 metric tons, which is almost 40% more than the 
next largest plant. With our four decades of experience in business, we expect to be a supplier 
of choice to our global and Indian customers. And with this, I will now hand over the floor to 
our CFO, Mr. Gulshan Sakhuja to take you through all the financial numbers. And then we will 
be very happy to answer any queries that you have. Over to you. 
Gulshan Sakhuja: 
Yes, thank you, sir. Good afternoon, friends. I will now briefly take you through your company's 
operating and financial performance for the quarter and a half year ended 30th September 2021. 
For the quarter ended September 2021 HEG recorded a revenue from operation of Rs. 518 crores 
as against Rs. 414 crores in the previous quarter, and Rs. 323 crores in the corresponding quarter 
of the last financial year. Revenue for the quarter saw an increase of 25% on QoQ basis, while 
it witnessed an increase of 60% in comparison to the corresponding quarter of the last financial 
year. 
The upswing in the prices have led to the encouragement in the performance of the quarter. 
During the quarter ended 30th September 2021, the company has delivered an EBITDA 
including other income of Rs. 167 crores in the quarter as against Rs. 94 crores. The company 
recorded a net profit after tax of Rs. 113 crores in the quarter as against Rs. 56 crores in the 
previous quarter and against a loss of Rs. 34 crores in the corresponding quarter of last financial 
year. 
Further during the quarter ended 30th September 2021, the rates and the other guidelines have 
been notified under the remission of duties and taxes on exported product scheme wide 
notification dated 17th of August 2021. Accordingly, the company has accrued the benefits 
amounting to Rs. 4.85 crores under the aforesaid scheme on the eligible export sales for the 
period from January 1 to September 2021. Out of which Rs. 3.24 crores pertains to the eligible 
export sales for the period from January 1 to June 30, 2021. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
The expansion plan that is increasing the capacity from 80k to 100k is going on a full swing. 
There was a few months delays due to COVID, and we expect the expansion project to be 
completed in the quarter, October to December 2022. And we will be ready with the commercial 
production from early 2023. 
The company is a long-term debt free and having a treasury size of nearly Rs. 1,500 crores as 
on 30th September yielding an average return of approximately 5.5% per annum. Now, we 
would like to address any questions or queries you have in your mind. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have a first question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, if you could tell what is the capacity utilization in this quarter from that 80,000 tons? 
Manish Gulati: 
 
90% it has been for Q1 as well as similar for Q2. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So sir, I was just doing the math, because I was actually doing at 100% only. We are at 
about let us say $1,000 EBITDA type number. We have fond memory of this industry even 
recording, you know, for few quarters in excess of $5,000 not now, but in that golden period of 
18, right? 
I just wanted to understand the dynamics of the industry then for recording those kinds of 
EBITDA and dynamics of the industry now, and do you see upside to this $ 1000 EBITDA 
which you are recording and how has the business working changed, because that was a phase 
where we gained on prices with stable needle coke, then came a phase where we booked all the 
needle coke. So, there was a phase of, you know, operational losses. 
And now how in the cycle is the business being done? So, if you could help us understand this 
part? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, sure. Let me distinguish between those times and these times. In those times you will recall 
in early 17, the preceding six years were actually quite bad for the industry where margins were 
under pressure and there was excess supply in the market and less demand due to which about 
six major plants have closed down in the Western world. 
So, by the time we came to early 2017 the demand and supply of graphite industry were all quite 
balanced. And then came a sudden shocker from the Chinese side that they put an immediate 
clamp down on  their polluting steel industry, the blast furnaces, etc, and their steel exports to 
the rest of the world declined from a level of 112 and within two years they were at a level of 60 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
million metric tons. So, that is a huge number. I am just to emphasize what that number that is, 
Indian total steel production is 112. 
So, suddenly 60 million metric tons going out of the market actually made the rest of the world 
make more steel. And rest of the world makes 48% of the steel through the electric arc furnace 
route. So, there was a sudden spurt in the demand of graphite electrodes that came so sudden 
that the graphite industry was not ready to cope up with that. 
So, by the time, everybody turned out extra production incrementally, the market was on fire. 
See for a steel company, electrodes are just 3% of their cost. So, nobody wants to take a risk of, 
you know, losing out on their steel production, just for electrodes. So, everybody tried to in the 
later months, everybody tried to stock up more than what they needed, which is, and you know, 
a company, let us say, in Middle East, a company which was happy working with two months 
of physical stock  of graphite electrodes at that plant, knowing that region does not have any 
electrode plant s suddenly wanted to  have six months stock. 
So, everybody stocked more and more and more. There was a  fear psychosis in the market and 
the prices shot up like anything from a level of let us say $2,500 to a level of $15,000 happened 
in a matter of just two, three quarters. And everybody overbought,  and then there was a period 
of correction, which followed later.  
And then by the time before the inventories got over the COVID thing struck. So, the inventories 
took a little more time to liquidate.  There was so much of excess material in the supply chain, 
that it took a while, almost year-and-a-half or two years for that to correct. And that is what you 
saw in our results also that we had two bad years or rather six bad quarters, trying to, live with 
those high costs inventories, revaluing them. Now the times are quite different than before. 
Now, the times are such that we are getting a real demand from the world. After all these 
corrections after there is no excess inventories of electrodes, either with customers nor with 
manufacturers. Now, it is a more stable regime, that we are actually catering to the real demand 
coming in the world whatever 2% / 3% electric arc furnaces growing. Also in the past two, three 
years, the clampdown on carbon emissions is increasing more and more, and China is continues 
to be very serious about it. 
I mean, as I said in my opening remarks, the September monthly production of China is the 
lowest in 33 years. So, this is like making history because they are truly clamping down on their 
production. What will be the benefit of this for the other rest of the world is that  their steel gets 
consumed domestically, so they would not have steel to export. In fact, they are discouraging 
export by taking out the VAT and even thinking of putting export duty on some of the grades of 
steel they export. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
So that bodes well for the rest of the world because rest of the world can make more steel through 
electric arc furnace. Also in China, they continues to give emphasis on more and more electric 
arc furnace steel production which is right now at a level of let us say 12%. And we expect in 
two, three years; three, four years maybe it has to go to a level of 20% And anyways, the scrap 
generation in China is also increasing. 
So, these times are different than those times because those came a bit too sudden  while this is 
more stable. Now, this is a much better scenario, than that all the graphite companies like ours, 
have almost reached the level of 90% capacity utilizations. So, this is more stable than before 
and prices are firming up quarter by quarter. That is how I look at it. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. But as the industry of electrodes supply is now kept up with the pace of supply additional 
capacity or there is no additional CAPEX? 
Manish Gulati: 
In the Western world, right now, as I just said that I think all of the graphite industry is already 
at a level of 90%. We are doing an expansion of let say another 20,000 tons. There is no other 
capacity announcement which has come by other than China. China  as you know has lot of 
graphite companies making mainly non-UHP electrodes. So, they are there but  UHP supply 
tightness has now started to happen among the graphite  supplier in the Western world. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay and format of doing business, earlier we had to book needle coke for a slightly longer 
supply. And hence we saw also that one year and even in this call, you first mentioned that you 
have exhausted the old  price needle coke, last call also you mentioned, right? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, now how does the business work? We have a more back-to-back way of pricing needle coke 
and pricing electrode that is a three-monthly basis. Then there is a spread always in mind, is that 
the way of doing or we still have to go the old way? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, we are electrodes people as well as the needle coke people are working quarter by quarter. 
If  we have a customer asking for, let us say a yearly price,  we are  unable to give a yearly price. 
So, I just count what  we have in stock, what is in the transit, what  we have booked. So,  we 
always know our cost. 
So, we are booking business quarter by quarter, and needle coke is also available quarter by 
quarter. But we always know our costs. We know the spread. 
Pritesh Chheda:  
Okay. Can you comment on the spread now? What were they running? 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Manish Gulati: 
It is not difficult for you to make some rough back of the envelope calculation, but I will not 
give in a number, please.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
No problem, sir. But do you think that the spread will be more consistent now? Unlike last time, 
which went through a haywire? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. Because this is what I completely believe that the spread in at least in the next two quarters, 
which I can foresee where we have an order book also and we know what is the needle coke 
price  so both the spread should be consistent. But again, I am talking about only two, three 
quarters ahead, not more than that. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, you see a upside to this $1,000 EBITDA, which is reported, $1,000 plus EBITDA, which is 
reported in this quarter basically? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, I will not say in dollar terms, I would rather say the margins, which you are seeing are going 
to be. You will see similar margins in the next two, three quarters. Reason being that all the costs 
are simultaneously going up. It is not only about needle coke, it is about pitch, it is about 
metallurgical coke, it is about freights, fuel, everything. 
All the costs are going up. And having said that, if we say that we are able to have, maybe we 
expect similar margins, that means at least we are able to take care of all the incremental costs 
from all other materials. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And sir, this 80,000-ton capacity, you can use that 80,000 higher than 80, or lower than 80? 
Manish Gulati: 
See this 80,000 is under certain conditions that we use, I mean, we make certain products, certain 
size of products, it is like an ideal thing. 
It is like a  nameplate capacity, it is like saying a car would have an average of such and such 
under such and such condition. Of course, 80,000 is the real capacity we have. But when we 
work with all different grades, different sizes, catering to all kinds of demand, usually 90%, 
92%. And that is what you will probably see with every graphite company. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, you are saying about 90% to 92% of the rated capacity is what we use? 
Manish Gulati: 
Is you can stretch it to provided you are taking care of all the variables of the product mix. See 
I have a product mix, it is not ideal to me, if I would have the right product mix exactly the sizes 
I want to make. And this happens because globally market also is like that, you know, if they 
are the electric arc furnace, we are also making some sizes for the ladle furnace for our years old 
customers who still want to buy the small sized electrode from us. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
So, it is but once you have a product mix, which is ideal, of course it is possible. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay, so I will just clarify, I got confused here. You can operate at 90% to 92% comfortably, 
but even 100% utilization, which is generating 80,000 tons output is possible. That is how you 
are putting, right? 
Manish Gulati: 
It is possible, but it has certain, you know, fine print to it that I need to be making certain sizes 
more than the others. But if you want to cater to the market, your customers, your loyal customers 
who have been with you for 25 to 30 years, I cannot choose to make the sizes I want to because 
of plant capacity. 
Pritesh Chheda:  
Which means you are running at optimal capacity as of now? 
Manish Gulati: 
We can say that 90. Maybe we stretch it to 92 but that is where you know then those ideal 
situation comes at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, my first question is regarding China. You know, last quarter Q2, we saw power cuts in 
China. How do you see the entire situation evolving, and also impacting our demand versus 
pricing in the other global countries? 
Manish Gulati: 
See what is happening in China, Sonali, you guys would know better than us. It is all in a state 
of turmoil. Now how it impacts HEG is just talk about graphite, and HEG. We are not supplying 
to China. All we are worried about all we are keep tracking is what is China's effect to the rest 
of the world? Like how much steel are they exporting? How much electrode are they exporting 
or importing? That is also, that is what we care about. You know, per se, we do not have any 
customers in China as such. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Right. So, I was asking from the indirect impact point of view. So, for example, if the  EAF 
production in China starts scaling down due to  power, how do you see the supply situation 
evolving in graphite electrodes? 
Manish Gulati: 
See right now it is actually otherwise that we are seeing a lot of inquiries coming in from rest of 
the world for non-UHP, they are asking for non-UHP, so that somehow if we talk about electrical 
power cuts, then their graphite industry is impacted more than the electric arc furnace industry, 
because graphite is very power intensive. 
In fact it is actually working out to be the other way. So, the power cuts are hurting their graphite 
industry also, other than the electric arc finance. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
The second question is regarding the demand, how are you witnessing the demand scenario in 
the rest of the world? You know, especially in Europe, or Middle East or US, and what is the 
current situation of the inventory? Are we at near normal inventory right now? 
Manish Gulati: 
Sonali, I was answering the second question first. We are working at actually record low levels 
of inventory. We may not give a number but Yes, it is less than normal. I mean, the order book, 
the demand is good. We are seeing demand from US, from Europe, from Southeast Asia, 
virtually everywhere globally, steel industry is doing well. And you can see their margins for 
steel industry in India as well as globally. So, our inventory levels are pretty tight. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir, my third question is on the pricing. I understand you do not disclose the absolute pricing. 
But would you be able to articulate the quantum of price increase that we had in Q2? And how 
much do you foresee in the coming quarters? Just an approximate estimate could also do. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, that I can do. Let us say Q2 versus Q1 let us say. I am just giving ballpark figures. We are 
talking in terms of 20% price increase Q2 over Q1. Going forward, we are able to see 8% to 
10% price increases quarter by quarter. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
So, 8% to 10% in Q3 over Q2, is that right? 
Manish Gulati: 
 
Yes, and Q4 over Q3. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And my next question is regarding the capacity utilization. You did mention 90% utilization this 
quarter. Sir, how much was this last year same quarter and what is it currently even currently we 
are at 90 Plus as we speak in November? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, we are consistently at 90% right from the last quarter of last year. So, since then we have 
been at 90% level. And for the next Q3 and Q4 also, we expect to be at 90%. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And how much was the utilization same quarter last year? 
Manish Gulati: 
Same quarter last year was 70%. 
Management: 
Yes, approx. 70%. 
Manish Gulati: 
70% 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Veeral Gandhi from Ninety One. Please 
go ahead. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Veeral Gandhi: 
I have got three questions. And the first is about coal. So, I had read that in October, many power 
plants in India had less than eight days of supply. What was the impact on your production? If 
there are, where there is loadshedding? And do you have anything in place to mitigate the risks 
around that? 
Manish Gulati: 
Okay, so let me answer this for you. See, there was a lot of news everywhere that India is working 
with like four days of stock, three days of stock. But later, I mean, it was we did not see the 
impact anywhere. I mean, there were no load shedding, etcetera. And I think Coal India has done 
a wonderful job by ramping up production, that is why I think the government prevailed upon 
Coal India to push their own domestic supplies. 
So far as we talk, we did not see any kind of load shedding not to the industry, not to residential. 
So, I mean, that is about it. And the way it has been proceeding since the last one month, the 
shrill of this coal shortage have gone down, and industry is working normally. 
Veeral Gandhi: 
 
Do you get your all your power from the grid? Or do you have your own captive power plants? 
Manish Gulati: 
We have captive power plants, which are also coal based, but we are not running them now for 
the past one year.  We have 70 megawatts connection. And we are taking all the power from the 
grid from the state electricity board, like we say it in India. 
Veeral Gandhi: 
Okay. All right. And the second question was, I saw that the spot price for electrodes in China 
fell from May this year to the end of September, and then rose sharply from that point on. Do 
you have any thoughts on what caused that movement? 
Manish Gulati: 
Sorry, I did not get the last few words. You said I heard about China that prices shooting up after 
September 20? What is that you wanted to ask? 
Veeral Gandhi: 
What caused that? What caused the fall from May to September, so there was a fall in the spot 
price from May to around September and then in September, it shot up very sharply back to the 
previous highs. And it was quite an interesting dynamic. I am just I would if you have any clues 
as to what caused that would be helpful? 
Manish Gulati: 
Really the way Chinese have been working is demand and supply is very short term. There you 
see more spikes from their side. So, I mean, I really do not know why they had to go down to 
those crazy price levels in the 20s. And also, I would you can relate it to the steel industry 
capacity utilization and steel demand also. From October 20 you are seeing consistently, you 
know, rising production of steel companies and improving EBITDAs. 
So, that is a time the April the period you are mentioning of April to September 20 even steel 
industry was not doing as good. Steel industry started to pick up only after October 20. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Veeral Gandhi: 
Okay, great, thank you. And the last question I had was, I had read about the use of graphite 
electrodes in electric vehicle batteries. There is a Chinese company that produces this product. 
To what extent can production of electrodes for electric arc furnaces be converted to an electric 
vehicle battery or are they entirely separate markets? 
Manish Gulati: 
These are separate markets, separate products. Now graphite electrode the primary use of that is 
in steel s melting. Now the generic is graphite. So, what lithium battery they are using is an 
anode. In a cell there is an anode and anode is nothing but a graphite powder. Yes, it is graphite, 
but it is processed differently. 
And anode can be made from 2, 3, 4 precursors like a natural mined graphite, like a pitch coke. 
And so, sometimes people do mix the two things that probably it is the same thing, but it is 
actually not the same thing. But yes, generic is graphite, but for anode the process is very 
different that product is very different from the graphite electrode which are used by steel 
companies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Manish Sonthalia from Motilal Oswald Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Manish Sonthalia: 
Two questions. What is the situation of our Iranian exports? And second is if domestic 
production in China of steel is coming down, what are they doing with the graphite electrode 
capacity currently? Are they dumping it worldwide or how is the situation out there? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, China the main production, as you know, 88% is from the blast furnace side. And only 12% 
is from the electric arc furnace side. So, even they are coming down actually. It is blast  furnace 
side is impacted more than the electric arc furnace. Now, what they are doing with their 
electrodes? I would say, right now, the way power cuts are going on, even their graphite 
electrode production is impacted. About your first question, the Iran thing. No, we are not 
exporting anything to Iran, due to ongoing sanctions from the US side. It used to be a very good 
market for us. 
But for the last two or rather three years, more than three years, there have been absolutely nil 
supplies to Iran. But maybe if sanctions are lifted, we might resume. 
Manish Sonthalia: 
Okay. Just a follow up on the graphite capacity in China. So, with power cuts, etcetera are you 
seeing really Chinese exports of electrodes increasing over the last quarter or two? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, not at. Rather I think I have a feeling from the market that the exports are actually coming 
down since the last quarter the export of graphite electrodes. But maybe when the data emerges 
from China, we will have a look at it. But right now, the feel I have from the market because I 
am in touch with customers on a daily basis. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
So, it seems to me that more inquiries are coming to our side for the sizes, for the non-UHP 
grade, which was earlier supplied by Chinese. 
Manish Sonthalia: 
So, customers are now preferring more of UHP as opposed to HP? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, I did not say that. It is not about UHP versus non-UHP. See we also have a certain product 
in our product mix, we also make about 30% non-UHP. So, the customers, our customers are 
aware that HEG also makes some non-UHP products. 
So when they are not getting supply from China, they turn to HEG to ask if we have some 
availability. That is how I get a sense that let us say x, y or z customer, who was not checking 
with us for the non-UHP, suddenly they start checking with us or sending enquiries gives us an 
indication that probably they are unable to source it from China. 
Manish Sonthalia: 
And just an additional question. What is the price difference between let us say an HP and a 
UHP for similar data? I mean just about, not the varying numbers but just what is that? 
Manish Gulati: 
Actually it varies year-after-year, quarter-by-quarter because both have different costs in the 
sense. Here we have to use only needle coke and for the non-UHP we use Indian regular coke. 
So, it depends upon their pricing and mostly non-UHP; UHP pricing is driven by the UHP 
demand in the world and what  other graphite industry is doing. Non-UHP is mainly driven by 
how much supplies are coming out of China and their pricing. So, accordingly we have to price 
our products. 
So, if you ask me singly what is the difference between the two? Then you know, it varies. 
Manish Sonthalia: 
I just wanted the difference in prices for similar diameter. So, it can give some idea about the 
demand supply situation basically on the China side? If the gap has increased significantly or 
they compressed or is it stable? 
Manish Gulati: 
I mean it varies from which point in time. Okay, if I have to answer this, let us say if I have to 
answer this today, what is the difference between UHP and non-UHP? I would say anywhere 
between $1,500 to $2,000 or something like that, but because the two different products are 
irreplaceable I mean you cannot use a non-UHP in place of a UHP. 
Manish Sonthalia: 
I was just referring to the last cycle when we saw very steep J-curve in graphite electrode prices. 
At that point in time the UHP and the non the demand was so strong, the UHP and the non-UHP 
prices converged literally. 
Manish Gulati: 
Literally converged, correct. 

 
HEG Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Manish Sonthalia: 
So right now, that gap is standing at $2,000? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, I mean, it again, which point in time three months later you ask this question, I will give a 
different answer? 
Manish Sonthalia: 
I have just given the point in time. Currently as we speak 
Manish Gulati: 
Okay, if you are being so specific then let me hazard more accurate guess for you. Around 1,000 
I would say $1000, $1,500; not $1,500 to $2,000; $1,000 to $1,500. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Ravikant Aruna, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Ravikant Aruna: 
Hi, I am Ravikant speaking. I am a retail investor, so I fairly lesser knowledge in this area, but I 
did my research a little bit. So, out of the points that you spoke, what I would like to know is 
you said there are  power cuts in China that the production with the power cuts or whatever the 
production of graphite includes and also the steel making has reduced. And then there is we all 
know that China is one of the largest producer of the graphite electrode. 
So, will that reduction in supply costs any imbalance or increase in demand in the rest of the 
world, which could mean to say the other regions like Europe, US and the other Asian countries, 
this could propel the demand for the graphite electrode? 
Manish Gulati: 
See what we are seeing I was mentioning we are seeing inquiries coming in for non-UHP 
electrodes also. UHP Of course they are coming. But non-UHP also from places like Europe. 
Europe has recently announced the anti-dumping duty against Chinese. That is one reason but 
even in other parts of the world, we are seeing more enquiries coming for non-UHP also. Those 
customers who are probably taking from Chinese earlier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Gulati for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, thank you so much friends for attending this conference call. And we hope that the under 
times to come will be better than this and the demand for steel and electrodes will continue to 
grow. We look forward to meeting you in our next conference call. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining with us and you will now disconnect your 
lines. 
