FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
CIN No. LI 7119DN1990PLC000091
FIL/SE/2021-22/56 
15th November, 2021
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-l, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Security Symbol: FILATEX
BSE Limited 
Listing Department
25th Floor, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalai Street,
Mumbai - 400 001 
Security Code: 526227
Sub.: Transcript of Conference Call on 12th November, 2021
Dear Sir,
This is in continuation to our letter No. FIL/SE/2021-22/54 dated 10th November, 2021 
on the Q2 & H I FY22 Earnings Conference Call on 12th November, 2021. Please find 
enclosed the transcript in respect of the same.
This is for your information and records please.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For FILATEX INDIA LIMITED
COMPANY SECRETARY
Enel.: a/a
C O R PO R A TE O FFIC E
REG D . O FFIC E & W O RKS
SU RA T O FFIC E
M UM BAI O FFIC E
B h ageria House
S . No. 2 7 4 Demni Road
Bhageria House
3 2 1 , M aker C h am ber ■ V
4 3 C o m m u n ity Centre
Dadra - 3 9 6 1 9 3
Ring Road
N arim an Point
New Friends Colony
U.T. of-Dadra & Nagar haven
S u rat ■ 3 9 5 0 0 2
MumDai -4 0 0 0 2 1
New Delhi ■ 1 1 0 0 2 5 , India
India
India
India
P + 9 1 .1 1 .2 6 3 1 2 5 0 3 ,2 6 8 4 8 6 3 3 /4 4
P + 9 1 .2 6 0 .2 6 6 8 3 4 3 /8 5 1 0
P + 9 1.261.4030000
P + 9 1.2 2 .2 20 2 60 0 5/0 6
F 4-91.11.26849915
F 4-91.260.2668344
F + 9 1.2 6 1 .23 1 07 9 6
F +91 22 2 2026006
E fildelhi@ filatex.com
E fildadra@ filatex.com
E filsurat@ filatex.co m
E film um bai@ filatex.com
WeDs/te; www.fildtex.com

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Filatex India Limited Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Madhu Sudhan Bhageria – Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Ashok Chauhan – Executive Director 
Ms. Stuti Bhageria – Senior Vice President – Corporate Strategy 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Filatex India Limited 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Madhu Sudhan Bhageria – 
Chairman and Managing Director of Filatex India. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Thank you. Good day to all of you. Once again, a warm welcome to all of you 
attending this earning call for the quarter ended September 2021. I hope all 
of you are safe and are maintaining all necessary precautions to contain 
COVID. An old adage ‘an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure’ holds 
good in containing this pandemic. Though the fear of the third wave has not 
vanished, we are back to business as usual as the skilled workforce has 
come back from their native places. Public transportation has been restored 
close to a normal, in a graded manner. Restriction on hotels, flights and 
leisure travels have revived after easing the restrictions. With prayers in our 
hearts and COVID appropriate behaviour (CAB), we hope there is no third 
wave causing disruption to our daily lives and business activities. 
 
Coming back to business matters. I presume you would have certainly gone 
through the presentation, which has been uploaded on our website as well 
as on the stock exchanges’. You would have noticed that our performance 
in second quarter of FY2022 has been better than the first quarter, both in 
terms of top line and the bottom line. The slowdown effect due to second 
COVID wave has gradually waned. 
 
Let me quickly go through the results of this quarter. We achieved a 
production volume of 88,900 metric tons, which is around 93% of our 
capacity. As compared to Q1 FY22, the production is 14% higher in this 
quarter. The revenue for the quarter is Rs. 965 crores which shows a growth 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
of 38% over Q1 FY22. The operating profit EBITDA is around Rs. 125 crores, 
a growth of around 24% over the preceding quarter. Profit before tax is Rs. 
110 crores which is an increase of around 41%. and net profit has increased 
by 42% to Rs. 74 crores. As evident from the numbers, the performance is 
quite remarkable when compared to first quarter of this financial year. In 
this quarter, also we are not comparing financial results on a year-on-year 
basis as Q2 of last year had vastly different conditions and any comparison 
as such would exaggerate the numbers.  
The markets have shown good recovery ahead of the festive season. There 
is some buoyancy in the sentiments of the market. The pre-Diwali business 
has been good. Traders across the country are preparing for forthcoming 
wedding season. In about a month from mid-November to mid-December, 
more than 2 million weddings are slated to be solemnized across the 
country. Textile, jewellery and service sector are looking at a bonanza by 
way of wedding purchases. The demand for synthetic fibres in the domestic 
market has been good. However, as they are being trend over decades, the 
demand for the yarns picks up in the third and fourth quarter. 
 
The prospects for exports are also looking good. The government having 
recognized the importance of synthetic fibres for the growth of textile 
business is now focusing on increasing production of manmade fibres in 
India in line with international trend. Government policy initiatives have 
helped immensely in reviving the sentiments in the domestic market. 
Government policy initiative like PLI – Production Linked Incentives, which 
is mainly to promote MMF, apparels in garments, RoDTEP, RoSCTL, Mega 
textile parks, etc. These stimuli have perked up demand and are likely to 
lead to fresh investments. There are some signs about shortage of key raw 
materials from domestic suppliers. However, there is no global shortage 
and the shipping rates, which had skyrocketed are showing some 
downward trend, coming down tolerable levels. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Coming back to our manufacturing facilities, we have commissioned our 30 
MW captive power plant. However, as there is global shortage of coal, the 
prices of coal have shot up almost 3 times. High prices, of coal, steep freight 
rate and erratic shipping schedules have a strain on all coal users like steel 
plants, processing houses and power plants. After having run our plant for 
several weeks, we have stopped generating power and we will resume the 
operations when coal supplies are stable and at affordable level. Our 
proposed plan of de-bottlenecking melt capacity of 50 tons per day and 
manufacturing lines of 120 tons per day of POY has moved to the execution 
phase. Ordering of long delivery equipment is complete. We are targeting to 
complete the installation by June 2022.  
The future of textile manufacturing is at an inflection point. Global 
production of textiles and apparels have rapidly increased over the last 
decades, which has led to generation of large amount of textile waste. 
Polyester, owing to its affordability and versatility, is the preferred and most 
dominant fibre. To ensure sustainability and reduce environment impacts 
in the textile and apparel industry, utilizing a sustainable and circular 
economy model is of utmost importance. As mentioned in previous con-call, 
we had initiated in –house research work on recycling of polyester waste in 
all forms. This is based on depolymerisation of polyester and removing 
colour, additives, catalysts, etc. before re-polymeryzation. 
 
Our lab scale plant trial results after a rigorous efforts lasting over more than 
18 months have given us confidence to scale up from 50 kgs per day to a 
pilot plant of 1500 kgs per day. In this pilot plant we, we will be able to 
revalidate our process parameters and more accurately compute cost of 
production for recycling. The output from this pilot plant will also give us an 
opportunity to test market the quality of recycled chips/ yarns. We expect 
this plant to be ready by April 2022. Sustainability in the textile and clothing 
industry has gone beyond just using organic materials and efficient 
processes. Recycled fibres are fetching a good premium. The pressure on 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
international brand is high, as these brands and retailers are increasingly 
being held accountable for what happens throughout the value chain. 
 
To sum up as mentioned earlier, our capacity utilization is almost a hundred 
percent in case of yarns. The demand is good, our cash flows are steadily 
increasing. On the strength of strong cash flows, we will look at the 
appropriate option for utilization, first and foremost one being reducing the 
debt. The future of polyester filaments, after the COVID slow down, looks 
good. As before, we are buoyant about the prospects of our company. Thank 
you for listening. Now we can move on to the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is on the line of Sudir Bheda from Right Time Consultancy 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sudir Bheda: 
Sir, in the past we have seen whenever cotton prices goes up, polyester 
margins and polyester demand looks up. So now cotton prices are rolling at 
all-time high. What is the outlook for our margin, industry as a whole and 
our company in particular? That is the first question. And second question, 
what is the volume growth you are anticipating in second half of this current 
fiscal as we have done some 1,59,000 yarn and total 1,67,000, including 
chips in the first half. So, volume outlook if you can give in the second half? 
So, these are the two questions, sir. 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Regarding your first question. See the cotton prices have a very low 
correlation with our margins and prices because cotton prices are more 
than double or triple than the prices of polyester filament yarn. In the fibre, 
it makes a difference because in fibre people blend polyester fibre with 
cotton. But we do not produce polyester fibre. We only make polyester 
filament yarn. So, there is no correlation as far as that is concerned. The 
demands for all the fibres have gone up, whether it is cotton, polyester, 
nylon, viscose, etc. I feel the demand for the textiles will remain high and 
that will give us decent margins going forward. I think at least for 3 to 5 years 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
till some big capacities come in, I don't see any downward trend coming in 
the year as a whole. 1-2 months can always be a little slack, but year as a 
whole the performance for the textile should remain good. 
 
Second question was about capacity. So, what we have done in this quarter, 
we should be able to replicate double of that in the next half. This quarter 
our production has been around 89,000 tons. So, the next half year, I think 
we should be able to do around 1,80,000 tons. And the margin should 
remain somewhat little better than the Q2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikrant Kashyap from KRChoksey 
Institutional. Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
In the opening remarks, you mentioned there is a sign of shortage of raw 
material in domestic market. Could you please give some better 
understanding that how it is panning right now in this quarter and outlook 
for the second half? Will we be importing more or the raw material is still 
available that we will be able to meet our requirements? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
See, there has been shortage because there have been sudden shut down in 
the domestic plants. They had some break down and we did not plan for 
things like that. The break down happened in Reliance plant, as well as in 
Indian Oil simultaneously. Some slight production cuts we had to take. But 
now going forward, we are making import arrangements and we will 
increase our stock levels also so that we do not face such problems. Also, 
Reliance has taken over some of the plants like Alok and even JBF. So, their 
domestic, self-consumption has gone up quite high, almost to the tune of 
65%, whatever raw material they produce now they are consuming by itself. 
Then we will be importing more and keeping the stock level little higher so 
that we don't have the problem of shortage of raw materials in future. We 
are taking necessary steps so that we don't face this shortage. 
 
The price parity is same as the imports and what we buy from Reliance. 
There is not much difference in the prices. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
Since the realizations for your product has gone up vis-à-vis, has the cost for 
your input materials also went up in similar way because we have seen 
stress on margin? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes, the cost of the material has also gone up, more or less similar. Some 
power cost has gone up because lately power had become costly. And when 
our starting of the plant was happening, we could not buy power on the 
bilateral agreements, that had all finished. So, we had to buy from the grid, 
which was slightly costlier. But going forward, I feel from fourth quarter 
onwards, we should be able to start our power plant again because now coal 
prices have started coming down and maybe in a month or so they will come 
to the desired levels. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
So, how is the outlook for the rest of the year for your input prices for crude 
related? 
 Mr. M S Bhageria: 
It's very difficult to predict that. It is a pass through, but I feel crude should 
remain around the (+) or (-) $4 - $5 at $80 per barrel. So, the prices should 
hover around these numbers only, but they fluctuate little bit because they 
are determined from China and Chinese by nature are very speculative. So, 
prices keep fluctuating 2-3% every fortnight. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
You talked about better prospects in exports. Will you please explain more 
and how we are looking at the exports market? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
So, we have a presence in export market, and we have increased our 
Texturizing production. So Textured is the main product which is exported 
and previously we were facing shortage of containers and freights were 
high. As the freights come down, then we will be able to export more 
competitively. 
Vikrant Kashyap: 
We have improved our product mix over the years. Do you still find better 
scope for further improvement because we are more focused on FDY and 
DTY? 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes, there is always scope for better improvement and that is a very ongoing 
process. So, I think even after 10 years there will be some scope for 
improvement. So that we are continuously trying to improve and going to 
different products or making different products where we can fetch better 
margins. So that is a very ongoing process. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riddesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Riddesh Gandhi: 
We understand the prices are up and RM are up as well. Just wanted to 
understand, delta is going on at the moment and how you see this 
happening in Q3 and Q4, any expectations around spreads or the EBITDA 
per ton, as opposed to if not margin. How should we be looking at that? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
I think in our case, EBITDA absolute is very important as I have been saying 
time and again. So, we try to always improve the absolute EBITDA. By 
changing the product mix our margins per ton can go down, but absolute 
EBITDA can increase because if we increase our productivity by making 
coarser deniers, like where the production is more, so the margin is less. But 
overall, the profitability from the same machine increases, also sometimes 
we are buying POY and selling certain other POY so that we can get more 
value. So, I think a better benchmarking our company is to see the absolute 
number of EBITDA, like we did Rs. 125 crores this quarter, Rs. 101 crores last 
quarter. Going forward, I feel that we should do much better than Rs. 125 
crores in the next two quarters. This is only what I can tell you. 
Riddesh Gandhi: 
And do you see any kind of slow down at all happening in the market or are 
there any initial signs of slowdown in the end market… 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
...slow down, I think can only happen like if COVID third wave comes in or 
something unforeseen happens. In normal circumstances, I don't think slow 
down should happen. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Riddesh Gandhi: 
Right now, the demand is strong and prices as strong and spreads are 
strong. 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes, I think it should remain for some time to come. It is not a very short 
period demand. See one should appreciate for last two years since the 
COVID has happened, the production capacities have not increased for most 
of the product, but the demand is increasing, population has been 
increasing for last two years and also there is pent-up demand from people. 
So I don't foresee for next 2-4 years till the new capacities come in in 
products, the demand all around short remain good. Until and unless there 
is some… 
Riddesh Gandhi: 
Because with Reliance taking over Alok and JBF as you indicated, is that 
going to be an issue in supply or we don't expect that because… 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
No, rather that will consolidate the industry because these people who had 
the cash crunch used to spoil the market. They could not hold on to their 
product and would sell at a lower price to get money. So I think this will be 
a positive for the industry as a whole.  
Riddesh Gandhi: 
And have we seen a whole host of the smaller players actually closed down 
because of lack of economies of scale, which has led to consolidation even 
more? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
No, that has not happened. Only players who has not been able to manage 
their finances properly, like Alok, JBF, Garden; now being taken over 
actually. I don't foresee any other player having some problem because last 
one year has been quite good for the industry. So whatever small problems 
people had, they must have overcome by the profitability of last one year. 
So, going forward and their consolidation has happened. Only in the 
polymerization sector if you see, we are hardly 13-14 players. There are not 
too many players in that. Rest there are around 15-16, who make from chips 
to yarn, that is the whole industry. 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Riddesh Gandhi: 
Sir, and then also just to understand that, our debt levels have gone down 
materially and we are generating a reasonable amount of free cash flow as 
well. How do we look at our growth plan going ahead? Is the plan to then 
return some of this to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends 
or is there a CAPEX plan to expand or is it a combination of, how should we 
be thinking that? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
I think it will be a combination. We do have some CAPEX plan, which are 
already there, which involve a CAPEX of around Rs. 140 crores, and some 
godowns and other things we are building maybe another Rs. 10-15 crores. 
But rest, we will reduce our debt and certainly after the year end, we will, 
reward the shareholders by a buyback or a dividend, as deemed fit by the 
board. 
 Riddesh Gandhi: 
If you could just speak a little bit about the opportunity in your renewable 
yarn, how large the opportunity could be and how unique our technology is 
and any barriers to entry in this particular area? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
See, this is a very unique technology, which we are developing and there are 
very few companies in the world, they are also in the stage of developing 
only. Nobody has fully developed this technology and anybody who is doing 
also a little bigger project is not using every kind of waste. They are using 
very selective kind of waste and are able to do it. So, we are developing a 
technology, we will be able to use yarn waste, PET bottle even fabric waste 
where fabric in that polyester content is more than 70%. So, this is basically 
a chemical recycling compared to what other people are doing is 
mechanical recycling. So, we take out the impurities which are embedded 
inside the waste, not just surface impurities, and then we repolymerize and 
make. And there is a huge demand for this material, these are not available. 
At the moment they are being sold at around 60% premium than the virgin. 
So, we expect a very good profitability and going forward our main 
concentration of growth will be in this field once this technology is 
established. We have already applied for the patents, and I think by the next 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
year end the patents also would be there. We already have a go ahead to go 
for commercial production. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of M S Rajasekar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
M S Rajasekar: 
Congratulations on a good set of number. In your last con-call, you 
mentioned that you have developed new types of yarn. I just want to know 
whether it has been launched and how is the response? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes, they are being launched, but it takes a lot of time to convince people 
and showcase. So, it is an ongoing process. We have launched, they will 
make sample, then they will go to their customers. So, it a very slow process. 
There is some achievement also, some products have started, some small 
sales have happened. I think it will take some time. 
M S Rajasekar: 
These new types of yarn are high value added or high margin yarns or how 
is it? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes. These are high margin yarns because these are some yarns which give 
a very different feel and effect in the fabric, and these are quite unique to 
the company, some of them. 
M S Rajasekar: 
My next question is in your recycled polyester, in which you are 
concentrating, and I am sure you will succeed. Is this going to be a game 
changer for Filatex India? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
I think so, it will be a game change. 
M S Rajasekar: 
My last question is, FY19 as being your highest turnover of Rs. 2,874 crores. 
This FY22 I think you should exceed that, correct? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes. I think FY22 we should exceed Rs. 3,500 crores. Because Rs. 965 crores 
we have done in this quarter, and I think our next two quarters should be 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
very close and around this much. So, if we add up, it should be close to Rs. 
3,500 crores. 
M S Rajasekar: 
Correct and so your margin levels also should remain the same or it could 
be slightly better, correct? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
They can be better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naidu, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Naidu: 
Actually, I just joined a few minutes back. I am Naidu. I am the investor of 
Filatex. So, I don't know whether this doubt is clarified or not earlier, in this 
call. First, I just want to ask Madhu Sudhan sir, there is a news that came out 
just a few days back that is the IT raids happening in Filatex manufacturing 
unit. I just want to know about the clarity on this. 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes. We had an IT search in the first week of September and our all 
operations are still going on. There is no such adverse effect on the company 
and there is no claims or demand from the department as of now. 
Naidu: 
So, there is no issue at all with us, right? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes, their assessment is still going on. It is a long process. But I feel there will 
not be any major issues which the company will face, which can hamper its 
financials. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up question from M S Rajasekar an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
M S Rajasekar: 
I just wanted to know you were second generation of persons. Who are they, 
have they joined and what is your plan for your succession planning, please? 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
Yes. Two people from our family have joined. One is my niece, Stuti Bageria, 
and she is looking after finance now. She is also looking after purchase. The 

 
 
 
Filatex India Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
other is my nephew, Vedansh Bageria. He has also joined the company and 
he is looking into marketing of the products, and he had been in the plant 
for 1½ years before this and looked at the working of the plant and 
operation. So, they are under training and hopefully in the next 3 to 5 years, 
they would be able to take over. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. 
Mr. M S Bhageria: 
I thank all the participants for sparing their time and attending our 
conference call. In future also, if you have any questions, you can always get 
in touch through our website or email us. We will be happy to answer that. 
Thank you everybody. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Filatex India Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
