  
    
    
Wi 
GMDC 
FUELING THE GROWTH 
  
  
  
  
  
SHA. 
GMDC/CS/ BSE/NSE/ 
/2021 
November 3, 2021 
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
PJ. Towers, Dalal Street 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
Script Code:532181 
Script Code: GMDCLTD 
Dear Sir, 
Subject 
: Transcript of Analysts/ Institutional Investors Meet 
We had vide our letter dated 27th October, 2021 intimated the Stock Exchanges about the schedule of 
Analysts/ Institutional Investors Meet on Friday, 29th 
October, 2021 at 12.00 Noon IST through audio 
Conference Call. 
We send herewith a copy of Transcript of the said meet which took place on 29th October, 2021. The 
said transcript along with the audio is also uploaded on the Company's website i.e. www.gmdcltd.com. 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Gujarat Miperal Development Corporation Limited 
  
Encl 
: As above 
  
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Limited 
(A Government of Gujarat Enterprise) 
CIN 
: L14100GJ1963SGC001206 
“Khanij Bhavan”, 132 Ft. Ring Road, Near University Ground, Vastrapur, Ahmedabad-52 
Phone 
: 2791 3200 
/ 3501 
Email: cosec@gmdcltd.com Website: www.gmdcitd.com

  
  
FUELING THE GROWTH 
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Limited 
Q2-H1 FY22 Conference Call 
October 29, 2021 
  
Moderator: 
Mr. Snighter Albuquerque: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Qi 
FY22 conference call 
of Gujarat 
Mineral Development Corporation Limited. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and 
there 
will 
be 
an opportunity 
for you 
to 
ask questions after 
the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference please signal the 
operator by pressing 
‘*’ then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
| would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Snighter Albuquerque from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Thank you Janice. Very good evening to everyone. 
| would like to introduce Mr. Roopwant 
Singh, IAS — Managing Director of GMDC, Mr. H. 
K. Joshi 
- Senior General Manager (Tech), 
GM DC, Mr. A. K. Makadia — General Manager (Tech), GMDC, Mr. Lavanya Kulshrestha 
— Chief 
General Manager and CFO, GMDC, Mr. Rajatkumar Dash — General Manager (Marketing and 
Sales), Mrs. A. K. lyer — General Manager (Accounts) and Mr. Joel Evans — Company Secretary, 
GM DC. Over to you Mr. Singh for your opening remarks. 
Thank you 
all friends for joining 
in. 
for 
this analyst 
meet, 
| would 
say something very 
briefly.Q2, we have done well in terms of production. These production figures are the best 
that have been there in the past five years. Five years ago the closest figure that comes was 
when Anandraoproject was operational. So the corporation has been able to ramp up the 
capacity in light of the increased lignite demand in state of Gujarat and nation as whole we've 
been able to ramp up the production to rise up to the occasion. Yes. There has been a lot of 
missed opportunity in terms of pricing which we lost in the first quarter and the first month 
of the second quarter also, but those corrections have been taken and the realizations are 
also better this year compared to last year. 
| would likeMr.Lavanya Kulshreshtha to give 
us a very brief overview 
of how we have 
performed in the different sectorsin this quarter

Lavanya Kulshreshtha: 
Moderator: 
Amit Dixit: 
Good afternoon. We have done well in this quarter as well as half year last year for the same 
period corresponding out turnover was Rs448 crore now Rs950 crore. And profit before tax is 
Rs94 crore as against Rs22 crore as far as Q1 
if we compare Q1&Q2 then you find our sales 
has increased Rs498 crore. 
| will give production results for the half year. From Mata-No- 
Madh we have produced 15.50 lakh which 65% higher as compared to last year for the half 
year. From Rajpardiwe have produced 1.82lakh MT as against 62 lakh MT 
in respect 
of 
Tarkeshwarwe have produced 4.80 lakh MT as against 2.10 lakh MT Bhavnagar we produced 
7.3 lakh MT as against 1.21 lakh MT which is 509% higherand we expect more in the current 
financial year. As far as Umarsar 8.7 lakhMT as against 5.2 lakh MT which also 69% higher in 
respect of Bauxite we have also done well, we have sold 1.97 lakh MT as against last year 
it 
was only 0.68 lakh MT. Thermal power, there was some problem overhauling is going on and 
the first unit was working. So PLF was only 15%, but second unit, has also started. So we 
expect that PLF willme more will be 
in forthcoming months. Wind power project we have 
improved well, we have generated 216 million unit which is at 25% PLF and our turnover was 
Rs82 crore as against Rs58 crore as against last year. Solar project is doing well our PLFis 15% 
we have earned Rs5 crore form Solar project. 
As tar as total revenue from mining projects is Rs876 crore for Akrimota Thermal Power Plant 
It’s Rs40 crore, renewable energy, Rs87 crore, corporate office incomeRs853 crore. So that's 
total revenues is Rs1,055 crore. Profit before tax I've already mentioned that there's Rs94 
crore Q2 and we expect that 
it will be good about a production level will cross 80 lakh MT 
current financial yearAnd our net worth will also increase and we, are also planning to enter 
new mining sector. We have been allotted six mines and we are working on that, that’s all 
from financial. 
Yes, we will now start the Q&A session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star, 
and one on your touch, tone, telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question 
queue, you may press start. And two participants are requested to use handsets while asking 
a question, ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question, give us. The 
first question is from the line from Amit Dixitfrom Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Congratulations for improvement 
in performance Yeah. 
| have a couple of questions. 
First 
one is of CAPEXof strategy consultantthat was discussed 
in detail, last call, as 
| understand 
some of the dates like bid opening dates are already over, so wanted to understand where 
we are on that front. The second question is essentially on the recent price increase that you 
have taken, which you know is very noteworthy this price hike have been very significant Just 
wanted to understand 
if these price hikes have been taken for all customers or, you know, 
certain sectors like power and 
all have been kept 
out 
of 
it. And the third question was 
essentially Akrimota Power Plant, now understandsecond unit also operational so what PLF 
do you expectfor this plantgoing ahead 
in Q3 and by end of the yearso these our three 
questions 
| had.

Roopwant Singh: 
Amit Dixit: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Giriraj Daga: 
Roopwant Singh: 
On the strategy consultant, front things are in the penultimate stages. The dates are over, we 
have received a very good response from the apex level of consultants. 
| am not, I'm not at 
Liberty to disclose their names, but the best have bid. And you should see a finalization on 
that 
in the coming weeks. As far as the price raises concern. For the first few months our 
pricing and cost structures at variance, we were hit by the fuel price rises and we had not 
made the dynamic changes to account for that. Subsequently changes have been made, but 
initially our, 
at 
the moment, 
our classification 
is only 
in two categories. One 
is larger 
customers and second 
is smaller customers. Yes. We also cater to 
a lot 
of captive power 
users, 14 in all. And some of these might be the grid connected and some of them are not, 
yes, they have not been treated. Differentially they have got Lignite at the prescribed rate 
only. Now you should see a differential pricing structures for the category-wise customers, 
which will be rolled out pretty soon. And on the power plant. Yes. With a single turbine, we 
were able to reach. 30% PLF. Our second turbine has been repaired. 
It was synchronized day 
before yesterday, and you should see a figure or 60% PLF conservative. The task that has 
been given to the project site is to achieve or move towards that scenario of Zero daily cash 
burn on operating these plants and then move forward towards greater action. 
Yes, very comprehensively. As my follow up question onimpairment loss in Akrimota, since 
now the PLF is increasing you said we will reach aposition of cash burn will be zeroand then 
profitability so is there a chance of deep impairment? Being reversed lest say in this Financial 
year 
Two new factors one we have taken the issue offuel price, the renegotiation with our sister 
organization GUVNL along with 
that 
renegotiation 
of 
certain 
issues, which 
affect 
our 
profitability. So that is one aspect. How these things progress will determine part of the story, 
how 
it unfolds. Second is we have we are in again in the final stages of onboarding a strategic 
consultant, again, of the same apex level who help us take a strategic view on this plant. We 
had elaborated on this 
in our previous conference also. Now 
it 
is 
in 
an advanced stage 
whereby we will be taking avery good expert advice on this issue. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of fromGiriraj Daga fromFamily Trust.Please go 
ahead. 
| 
will press on pricing question firstso when 
| look at prices earlier we had basic price 
1392forBhavnagar minewhich we revised upto, when 
| say 1949 
| just want to understandwe 
have taken this 550 slightly above 550 hike for all our customers that what you mentioned 
buthave you 
takenthis 
kind 
of 
increase 
for 
all 
other 
minesor 
only 
like 
say Bhavnagar 
Tarkeshwar Rajpadi? 
We have taken price across all projects. And we endeavor to provide an equitable price to 
the customer, even for certain of our projects, which are slightly. Better in terms of calorific 
value. So the price rise has been across board and 
| would request 
a general manager,

RK Das: 
Giriraj Daga: 
RK Das: 
Giriraj Daga: 
RK Das: 
Giriraj Daga: 
RK Das: 
marketing and sales to give you an idea on where the prices stood, three months back 
where they stand now for the five different projects you mentioned Bhavnagar. 
What 
| understand that question 
is there is appreciation 
in prices of Bhavnagar and your 
supplementary question 
is that whether 
it will be across the board 
or 
it will be project 
specific and what will be the path forward, what am 
| correct? Yes. Okay. So, so, if 
| can say 
that till timeWe are able to increase around 30% of the prices for GMDC equitable in a single 
pricing figure. So, and with this pricing, as well, we are quite competitive in comparison to 
the international coals landed price at various demand centers, like, Surat, Anmedabad and 
Morbi. So there is a gap and we are increasing these prices in a very graded manner because 
we want to collaborate the effect of these changes in a certain periodicity once the market 
observes that after we move for the subsequent increase in pricing so yes, of course, there 
are opportunities. We have increased up to certain extent and given the market situation 
market the conduciveness of this market situation, we are planning to increase 
it 
in that 
graded manner and 
it will be across the board. 
It will be for 
all the mines in 
a cyclical 
manner. 
Just to make myself clear. So like last quarter we had about 2150 net realization close to that. 
So we have taken a price hike of Rs 600 taken acrossall across the mine. 
Not exactly, but close to that. 
Just a follow up of that Rs 600 what would be the cost increasehow much part will flow to 
EBIDTA out of Rs600 price increase. 
The cost component can be a fixed component and the variable component. However, the 
variable component increases with reference to be production capability and the input costs. 
So 
it used to vary on monthly cycle However, 
| can say that. In all projects barring afew. We 
are cross past with our pricing mechanism. We have crossed past, the cost, and 
all the 
projects are, would be current pacing mechanism are aprofit center, barring a single one or 
two projects, which are very close. And we are in the process of increasing that price as well, 
we can actually make that project aprofit center from cost center. 
No, 
| got the pointidea was out of Rs 600out of that 400 will be EBIDTA additionor 
it will 300 
kind of anumber. Like what is the cost increase? 
Actually the Rs. 600 is or what you perceive is a worked out amount that is that 
is based on 
complex formula because of our product across various projects that 
are having various 
calorific venues. So they need to be equated and thereafter that we'll be putting in Metrics, 
on that metrics the GM DC average lignite value was equated. And based on that the price rise 
was around 30%. And 
in some projects we are yes profiting. At some projects, there 
is a 
challenge to come out of this, a cost factor because of so many dynamics. So in that case, we

Giriraj Daga: 
RK Das: 
Moderator: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Roopwant Singh: 
can say that what we were before six months, we have come out of that and currently the 
realization has increased and it will increase more into future daysto come. 
Okay. Again, in the volume rise you said 80 lakh ton and we already did 20 lakh tons so can 
we assume the second half to be similar kind of run rate of 20 lakh ton per months because 
| 
was assuming second half should be higher? So we had said, could we go with them this year 
in terms of mining? 
There is a target in place, and we are pretty sure that we are moving beyond the target, given 
the inputs and given the market conduciveness we will cross pass the set target, that's it. And 
hopefully we will cross pass 8Olakh metric ton annual target for lignite. 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Doshi from JLcapital. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for taking my question. Please pardon me for my ignorance because I'm going 
through this company for the first time. So the first question is in terms of pricing, how you 
decide this pricing like is you're pricing linked to international prices and then equated on 
calorific value basis, or it is linked to Coal India prices or you are free to do any kind of pricing 
in an environment, obviously on the competitive basis and how frequently you're allowed to 
change this prices? Are youdoing 
it monthly, quarterly so can you just help me understand 
the business model? Is that the only question? Can 
| take a couple of more what second isin 
the opening? You 
said you 
have some 
six more projects on mines coming 
in different 
minerals. So 
if you can elaborate a 
little more detail about what kind of new minerals you 
have mines or what are the status? 
Is that the only question? Can 
| take other question? 
| have couple of more what second 
is in the opening you said you have some six more 
projects on mines coming in different minerals. So 
if you can elaborate a little more detail 
about what kind of new minerals you have, mines or what are the status? 
| can elaborate on both these questions but we had taken this question that 
at a 
fairly 
extensive based 
in the previous conference, but 
still at the cost of repeating 
| will go. We 
essentially work on 
a cost plus model and we have open to comparisons with our main 
competitor, which 
is imported coal and what 
is our landed cost 
act major consumption 
centers vis-a-vis landed cost of the imported coal. So that is our business model. We are not 
linked 
to 
Coal 
India prices because our product 
is different. Our geographical scope 
is 
different and our relationship with our customers is different. We have very small customers 
who offload 54 to 76 tonsto people who take 10000, 20000, 30000, 60,000 times also. So our 
basket 
is different and this is our strategy. Our production and dispatches are scheduled 
fortnightly. So fortnightly, depending on these factors we take up all on our prices. As far as 
the new blocks are concerned. These are all six new lignite blocks, three in the region known 
as the Western Kutch and three 
in South Gujrat. So, and we have ambitious plans. There

Nilesh Doshi: 
Roopwant Singh: 
HK Joshi: 
Moderator: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Roopwant Singh: 
certain time delays, but we have ambitious plans to operationalize them. And 
if they are 
operationalizing a decent amount of time, they should be able to take care of the lignite or 
energy needs of the state of Gujrat primarily and then beyond Gujrat also. So this is the broad 
strategy. 
So, before these new CAPEX comes in what kind of capacity do we have to take our revenue 
forward from 80 lakhs tons this year going forward over the next two to three years? 
Yes. We've had shared those plans in the previous meet. And 
| would request Mr. Joshi to 
give you 
an overview 
on the plant production ramp 
up 
in 
the coming two years, 
still 
additional capacity also opens up. 
Myself HK Joshi — Senior GM tech. Actually, we are planning to increase the capacity from 80 
to 110 in the next couple of years. 
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from HNI Investment. Please go ahead. 
Hi, thanks for providing the opportunity. So 
| have three questions. So one is as you earlier 
said your pricing is actually benchmark to imported coal so can you help us understand as of 
today, after all the price hike that we have taken 
till October what 
is Keal adjusted lignite 
price, for example, to our customer based in Surat and Kcal adjusted imported price for him. 
| 
just wanted to understand what 
is the gap that 
is still here based on the current prices. 
Second is variable expenses for the first half 
in the mining division is around 1,800 per ton 
currently, what do you expect 
it to be going forward I'm sure that there are price hike in 
terms of diesel price. So, would you expect them to increase or the increased volume will 
offset some of those price hike that can be there in variable expenses? That's the second 
question. Yeah. And the third one is around the selling method so how do we currently sell? 
Is it like directly to the consumers or first 
is we basically allocate it to a specific traders and 
then the traders sell 
it onwards. It's something 
| wanted to understand. Okay. So these are 
the three questions. 
We will start with the third question, we have a system 
of direct 
sell. Yes, we do sell to 
traders, but a very small quantity. And we do not encourage intermediaries in our business. 
They have been there during certain lag periods when demand was low. So we continue to 
maintain arelationship with them, but they are not our principle seller. They are not even our 
minorities. They are in a very small percentage. As far as your seeking views on outlook on 
prices and volumes. Yes, volumes will increase. Yes. Pricing is dynamic. We will take a call on 
it every fortnight. And 
I will give, just to give you an idea of the differential of landed cost at 
one center say for example Surat where we have five projects and the differential ranges 
from Rs. 3000 to Rs. 5,000 across various centers and various products that we sell products, 
meaning the lignite from five projects. And 
I will request Mr. Das to give you a better idea on 
what the differential is. We'll give you three examples of Surat, Baroda.

RK Das: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Jitesh Chheda: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jitesh Chheda: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Myself RK Das to be very specific on your question currently with our current pricing regime 
we used to be around less than 50% of the landed cost of the imported coal at the these 
demand centers like Surat, Anmadabad, and Morbi however, the international 
price 
of 
important coal are quite volatile and rise quite significant as well. We have kept a watchful 
eye on them and our price correction 
is always based on pragmatic, analytical imports. So 
also, so we used to factor the rise and 
fall 
of the important coal by and large. And our 
strategy is to remain competitive for a longer period of time. And our inventory should be 
hold at aprice that will encourage the industry 
to grow in a faster manner. 
But you're talking about this 50% differential on Kceal adjusted basis, right? 
Yeah, exactly. At around 60%. Yes. 
And by last question, on the actual outlook for variable expenses per ton? 
Regarding our variable cost, variable cost is mostly our mining expenditure and almost 50% is 
towards diesel so diesel prices increasing 
in to over variable cost and will surely increase 
while increasing our sales price we consider both market dynamics as well our variable cost 
which 
is mostly diesel cost so we consider both deciding our selling price we consider our 
variable cost also and due to increase in the production costs it will not come down. Fixed 
cost will come down but not the variable cost. 
The next question is from the line of Jtesh Chheda from lucky investment, please go ahead. 
When you mentioned that pricing is the center at the time of dispatch so the entire volume 
that you sell is spot pricing. And there is no long-term contracts that you have done. That's is 
the first question. My second question is this 8 million-to-11-million-ton production increase 
that you were talking about. Is it possible from the same mines or you need the newer mines 
to become operational for your 8 million ton to go to 
11 
million ton? That 
is the second 
question. And my third question is you just replied on that 50% of the cost is variable. So, let's 
say when you're taking the Rs. 550 price hike is it fair to assume that at least closer to Rs. 300 
to 
Rs. 350 will actually flow down 
to your EBITDA which means on 
an 
8 million on 
an 
annualized basis, you tend to make 300 crores more EBITDA so these are three questions. 
We don't have any long-term contracts, but we have approved capacity to which we are 
committed to supplying and there 
is only one constraint 
if there 
is a supply crunch 
or 
a 
production crunch which can be owing to national factors. 
| understood that everything is spot sales you do not have along-term contract. 
Our strategy is not to have long-term contracts but we have an assured registration based on 
their boiler capacity and their consumption capacity. And we progressively keep on backing, 
our customers and making allotments based on their lifting that they do with us. And this 
production capacity ramped from 
8 to 
11 
is through our existing projects only primarily 
7

Jitesh Chheda: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jitesh Chheda: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jitesh Chheda: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jitesh Chheda: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jitesh Chheda: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
A. K. lyer: 
through the Bahvnagar project 
in which you would have seen a much better performance 
quarter to quarter compared to last year and on the variable cost component yes, 
| agree 
with you, but 
| would not like to comment on any numbers. 
In 
the 
past 
day, what challenges on ramping 
up the volume 
at 
your mines, have you 
overcome this challenge this time around and what were the challenges or, you know, when 
do you see this 8 million tons moving to 11 million tons and there were many challenges in 
the past. 
This is a fairly difficult sector to ramp up capacity. In spite of all the challenges we have done 
well in Q2. The results are there to speak. And we have an ambitious goal of taking it to 11 
million tons. Yes, we will address all the challenges. They are all listed and we are working on 
them. 
And what was your half yearly volumes? 
On lignite only? 
Yes sir. 
38 lakh metric ton. 
And how much of it was merchant sales in this or this entirely was more of sold outside. 
Around 32 lakhs. 
So about 0.6 is what you consume? So basically in that 8 million ton, also, 
if you do that 8 
million tons will be consumed in house and about 6.5 million to 7 million tons will be sold out, 
right. 
14 lakhs will be consumed in house rest will be in the market. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from HNI investment, 
please go ahead. 
So on the variable expense side you had mentioned the nearly 50% is diesel cost. So what are 
the other components of the variable cost and just wanted to know, are they also facing 
some kind of increased pressure or they are pretty much stagnant? 
Variable expenditure 50% 
is almost diesel cost 
in other front there 
is not much higher 
increase only in the diesel cost 
it will be depending on the market price of the diesel. We 
don't expect much increase in other components

Vaibhav Badjatya: 
A. K. lyer: 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Lavanya Kulshrestha: 
So 
| just had one more question in my mind. So are you expecting any changes near-term or 
medium--term in the stripping ratio from any of the mines or more or less it will be the same? 
Because we have given them the long-term contracts for more than five years. So we don't 
expect much changesin the stripping ratio coming in the short term or the medium term 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
So when we look at the income part component, we find the finance income having a major 
share in the income profile. When we look at the PBT number the contribution is 49 crores 
out of which the finance income is to the tune of 35 crores. So operationally it is 12 crores to 
13 crores but we are doing on revenue of 450 crores. So when 
is this equation going to 
change? Is it because of the lower utilization level or what 
is the main reason for this lower 
operating profit? And when 
is this going to change going forward? And secondly, you talk 
about this corporate office income to the tune of 50 crores or something like that. 
| missed 
that point 
if you could elaborate what was that from the corporate office income part? Third 
point 
is with respect to the balance sheet item first the cash flow we have seen this trade 
receivable 
| think that 
it has reduced by 200 crores or 
I think that is increased by 200 crores. 
If 
you could explain the reason? 
| was looking at the status of trade and other receivables that 
adjustment has gone up by 200 crores for the first half, so 
if you could explain the rationale 
for the same? Sr lastly sir in your consolidated asset your non-current and current both other 
current has been shown 1000-1000 crores like 1140 is in your noncurrent and 1161 crores in 
the current assets so what are these two assets attributable to and also about this provisions 
of 528 crores under non-current liability? 
I'll give you a brief overview. And then 
| would request our CFO to give you a detailed reply. 
Yes current reserves and non-current reserves, these are our reserves having a short term 
and 
a long-term 
maturity depending this year 
or the coming year. These are our cash 
reserves, which are going to fuel our growth in the new six projects. Cooperate office income, 
principally is the interest that is earned on these deposits and there are other incomes from 
renting and leasing of properties that we have, including at the corporate office. Yes, interest 
income has played a significant part, but 
it is only because we have not been dynamic in the 
first quarter with regards to our pricing for our principal product that has started changing in 
quarter 2, please wait for the results of quarter three, you will find it even better. And 
| would 
live with Mr. Kulushreshta to give you 
a broader idea on the trade receivables, how the 
reserves are there, and other things. 
You are telling about corporate office income, we have surplus fund more than Rs1400 crore 
we are investing in GSFS and we are getting interest 
in the running of 5% to 6%. Thereafter 
we have also invested in escrow account that 
is also more than Rs400 crore where also we 
are getting interested mainly 
it 
is because 
of interest income as well dividend. We have 
received dividend in this quarter so income is high and as far as you are telling that 
in next

Saket Kapoor: 
Lavanya Kulshrestha: 
Saket Kapoor: 
A. K. lyer: 
Saket Kapoor: 
A. K. lyer: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Roopwant Singh: 
subsequent month, you will see better results and our margin will increase. We are also 
changing price mechanism has been revised therefore we expect that our profit margins will 
increase. You 
are talking about 
the cash 
flow 
that 
increased by Rs200 crore, we have 
generated additional cash. 
Sir 
| missed your point about receivables. The line got dropped. What did you explain on210 
crore adjustment for trade and other receivables? 
We have received this payment from GSECL and GUVNL that is the trade receivables because 
we are saving them on credit basis and we receive money later on that 
is why we have 
mentioned trade and other receivable. That amount we will received from GUVNL and GSECL 
for the lignite sold to them. And another thing you were telling about noncurrent assets that 
is property plant and equipment Rs1190 crore and current assets which includes inventory, 
financial assets. Inventory, 97.52. Then trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other 
bank balances, loans, other financial assets. 
| was talking about the other financial assets under both the categories what are these 
attributable 
to? 
Our other financial assets includes our escrow account balances as we have investments in 
GSFS which are due for maturing in the next 
12 months. Other financial assets are Rs1061 
crore receives includes funds with GSFS which are going to mature in the next 12 months. 
And that Rs1139 crore under the noncurrent? 
Our entire escrow amounts and other funds with GSFS which 
is not going to mature in next 
12 months comes under that. 
And sir as you have told that there are six mines which we are going to develop over a period 
of time so whatis CAPEX amount that we are going to spend and how is the CAPEX going to 
happen in how many financial year? 
You can look at a ballpark figure or 250 crore to initiate or kickstart a project of this scale. And 
we are sufficiently well funded there. 
When we read your annual report, there was some talk about this bauxite mining, part of the 
story also. So out of the total revenue pie correct me sir what 
is the contribution currently? 
And what is our plan going forward for the bauxite mining project? 
Bauxite currently we have a very long term agreement. We've produced two kinds of ores. 
One is high quality, which goes by the name of plant grade and other is non-plant grade. That 
isalow 52% alumna. What is high-grade alumina that gets very readily and we are able to sell 
that at a premium and for inferior products, we have a long-term agreement with the Credo 
10

Saket Kapoor: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Roopwant Singh: 
A. K. Makadia: 
Saket Kapoor: 
A. K. Makadia: 
Moderator: 
Nitin Dharmavat: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Minerals and we are in a joint venture with them and we supply to them and they are able to 
utilize that product and develop certain things. So thisis where the bauxite stand. 
So what has been the contribution for the first half from the bauxite sell and the fine ore of 
higher content are being sold in open market or you have some long term contract? 
All open market. 
And that is expected to be aluminum players only? 
Yes. There are all kinds of players there people from cement, abrasive probably be alumina 
and their exporters. 
Also, you can give me the revenue pie from the contribution from the first half. 
| will ask Mr. Makadia to give you that detail. 
So you are asking regarding the sales value of the bauxite sold? 
Yes sir. 
That is Rs35 crore in the first half. 
The next question 
is from the night line of Nitin Dharmavat from Oram capital, please go 
ahead. 
| have just one question we talked about increasing the capacity from 8 million to 11 million 
ton that 
is almost 30%, 35%. So what 
is the target that you're keeping 
in mind or target 
financial year that you are keeping in mind? 
This would be over the next two financial years. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Nilesh Doshi from JL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Just one question. Currently we are seeing the price increase across fuel categories like 
natural gas, crude oil, coal lignite, et cetera. So, with respect to pricing parity with respect to 
natural gas versus coal or lignite what kind of differential we have and are we seeing that 
customers shifting from RLNG to a 
lignite or coal? 
| mean, just a macro question. 
If you can 
help us to understand how you perceive things changing in the world. 
Well, that 
is a bigger question. 
| limit myself to answering how well 
| know my customers. 
Shifting from a boiler, which is fuel based, coal and lignite based to one that has gas based is 
fairly expensive and 
it is a fairly long-term process also so you should not see this happening 
11
