 
 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2021/180 
 
 
November 15, 2021 
 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2021/174 dated November 02, 2021; please find             
enclosed herewith the transcripts of earnings Conference call on Q2 & H1 FY 2022 results of the 
Company, held on Wednesday November 10, 2021. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.renaissanceglobal.com 
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
G. M. Walavalkar                     
VP – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
Renaissance Global Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
November 10, 2021  
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Renaissance Global Limited’s 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, Sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Renaissance Global’s Q2 
& H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today, Mr. Sumit Shah – 
Vice Chairman and Mr. Hitesh Shah – Managing Director of the Company.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question and answer 
session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
maybe forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the result presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Sumit Shah to make his opening remarks.  
Sumit Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global, I extend a warm 
welcome and thank you all for joining us on the earnings conference call for Q2 & 
H1 FY22.  
I will begin call by providing you a quick overview of the Company's operational and 
business highlights for the period under review. After that, Hitesh will take you 
through the financial performance following which we will open the forum for the 
question-and-answer session.  
We are pleased to share that we have reported an encouraging performance 
during the quarter. The growth was primarily driven by improved contribution from 
our high margin branded jewellery segment, as well as robust growth in the Direct-
to-Consumer business. An upswing in retail consumption and an improved 
recovery in our key markets of US, Europe, and Asia, drove demand and 
consumption, enhancing our performance during the period under review.  
Our global branded jewellery business is a key focus area for us. Within this 
segment, we have a growing portfolio of licensed and own brands, which we 
distribute through the B2B and D2C distribution platforms. Our win-win 
partnerships with iconic brands, such as Hallmark, Disney and Star Wars have 
enabled us to establish and expand our branded business model in international 
markets like the US, Canada, and UK. I am further encouraged to share that we 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
are in advanced discussions to replicate this winning licensing model across other 
well-known brands. Over the last three years, we have improved the contribution 
from our branded segment from just 2% in FY18 to over 20% in Q2 FY22. Looking 
forward, our strategic endeavor is to achieve over 50% of sales from the branded 
jewellery segment in the next three to four years.  
Within our branded segment, we are very excited about our high potential Direct to 
Consumer business. During the quarter contribution from the D2C segment to 
branded segments stood at 22% from 10% in the corresponding period last year. In 
the last 20 months, we have launched six Direct to Consumer websites and are 
pleased to share, that these channels have received excellent consumer response 
with sales to over 60,000 customers. We are extremely delighted to inform you that 
we have observed an increasing trend in revenue from repeat customers. The 
revenue from repeat customers for the period from February ‘20 to March ‘21 stood 
at 6%, which has significantly improved to 19% in H1 FY21. This increase in 
revenue from repeat customer showcases the high level of customer trust in such a 
short span of time and we are confident that these customers will be our brand 
ambassadors in the future. We will be further augmenting our D2C portfolio in the 
coming months with the launch of additional websites. Overall, the branded 
segment is the key growth area, and we are undertaking many strategic initiatives 
to strengthen this model.  
In one such step, we have recently established a Strategic Advisory Board 
comprising of three renowned executives with diverse industry experience. I would 
like to take this opportunity to introduce our Strategic Advisory Board members. Mr. 
Bijou Kurien is a well-known veteran in the Indian retail industry with over 37 years 
of experience and branding skills. Mr. Francesco Pesci has an extensive 
experience in the jewellery and luxury businesses with a track record of 
implementing Direct to Consumer and digital strategies. And Mr. John McEntee 
has 20+ years of experience in leading companies in innovation e-commerce, 
sales, and marketing. These valuable members will be working closely with our 
leadership team, offering guidance and direction on our strategic growth initiatives. 
Given the vast and untapped potential in the global branded jewellery industry, our 
Company will be efficiently secured by the collaborative expertise and knowledge 
towards the next leg of stronger and sustainable growth. The SAB will be involved 
in key stages of future projects for the Company paving the way for a robust all-
round performance.  
In another development during the quarter, we acquired Everyday Elegance 
Jewellery, which is based in California and specializes in jewellery studded with 
top-grade diamond substitutes, gemstones like cubic zirconia moissanite, a 
segment in which we currently have very less presence. It has 200 products in this 
portfolio and a strong presence on multiple online platforms, primarily amazon.com. 
Furthermore, on the back of our strong balance sheet position, we are actively 
looking out for strategic inorganic opportunities, which will help us accelerate our 
presence in the Direct-to-Consumer space.  
Overall, we have reported a healthy performance during the period under review. 
As we establish ourselves as a global branded jewellery player, our intent is to 
grow our footprint and enhance market position across all key markets. Even on 
the macro front, globally, the industry has seen an underlying shift towards E-
commerce and Omni channel platforms, which bodes well for players like us. There 
is a vast opportunity to grow from hereon and we look forward to delivering healthy 
performance with continued improvement in profitability in the years ahead.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Shah, to discuss our financial 
performance during the quarter. Over to you Hitesh. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you Sumit. Good afternoon everyone.  
Renaissance reported a resilient performance attributable to strong demand in our 
branded jewellery segment and a healthy contribution from our Direct-to-Consumer 
business. For Q2 FY22, our total income stood at Rs.478 crore compared to Rs. 
532 crore in Q2 FY21. While for H1 FY22 total income grew by 24.4% to Rs. 897 
crores, compared to Rs. 722 crore in H1 FY21. An uptick in retail consumption and 
a better recovery in our key markets aided healthy demand and consumption, 
boosting growth during the period under review. I would like to highlight here, that 
revenues from our plain gold segment dropped by 69% and 51% year-over-year in 
Q2 & H1 FY22, respectively. Whereas the volumes for the same period, improved 
significantly by 172% and 299%. This is primarily attributable to the renegotiated 
terms with most of our clients within our plain gold division, as a result of which we 
are now reporting, only the making charges as revenue for that business. While 
this adjustment may reduce revenues of our gold division, as well as the overall 
reported revenues this year, it will have no impact on our margins and will in fact, 
improve our margin profile. Adjusted for this on a like-to-like basis, revenue growth 
stood at 6% and 42% in Q2 and H1 FY22, respectively.  
On the profitability front, EBITDA came in at Rs. 54 crores in Q2 FY22 and in H1 
FY22 it stood at Rs. 95 crore translating into EBITDA margins of 11.3% and 10.6% 
respectively. Profitability was aided by improved contribution from our high margin 
areas of branded jewellery and Direct to Consumer business. Branded jewellery 
business reported 17.1% EBITDA margins, recording a year-over-year growth of 
222 bps and the D2C business registered 20% EBITDA margins, higher by 215 
bps on a year-over-year basis.  
In Q2 FY22, profit after tax improved to Rs. 28 crores versus Rs. 23 crores in the 
corresponding period last year. While in H1 FY22, profit after tax came in at Rs. 52 
crores against Rs. 5 crore in H1 FY21. On a trailing 12-month basis, we have 
reported notable improvement in return on equities which stood at 11.1% as 
against 10.9% for the year ended June ’21. Our branded business typically enjoys 
return on equity in the range of 22% to 25%, while the D2C business has the 
highest ROEs at 60% to 65%. So as a contribution from the branded segment 
increases, we anticipate ROEs to increase notably going forward.  
In terms of geographical distribution of sales, in Q2 FY22, contribution from North 
America stood at 75% followed by Middle East at 6% and other geographies came 
in at 19%. In H1 FY22, contribution from North America stood at 74%, followed by 
Middle East at 7% and the balance came in from other geographies. 
Moving on to our segmental performance in Q2 FY22 and H1 FY22, revenue share 
of studded jewellery stood at 94%. Of total studded jewellery revenues in Q2 FY22, 
branded jewellery business contributed 21.1% and in H1 contribution was 22.4%. 
In Q2 FY22, B2B segment contributed 79% to studded branded jewellery, while 
Direct to Consumer contributed a healthy 21%.  
During Q2 FY22, our Direct-to-Consumer business posted revenues of Rs. 20.4 
crore compared to Rs. 8.9 crore in Q2 FY21 delivering a growth of 129%. Q2 FY22 
revenue was moderated on a sequential basis, as Mother's Day holiday fell during 
Q1 FY22, there were no major sales opportunities in Q2 FY22. Based on our 
estimates of a quarter’s contribution to annual sales, our annual run rate is at Rs. 
122.50 crore in H1 FY22 versus actual FY21 revenues of Rs. 64.9 crore.  
Lastly, in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt to equity ratio improved to 0.36 
in September 2021, as against 0.51 in September 2020. Our total debt stands at 
Rs. 532 crores with the cost of borrowing lower than 5%. We have a healthy cash 

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
position with our cash & bank balances and current investments standing at Rs. 
208.8 crore. Overall, we are one of the leading industry players with a solid balance 
sheet profile.  
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan.  
Kaustubh P: 
I have a couple of questions first on your branded jewellery business. The B2B 
business has seen a decline of around 10% during this quarter. Is there any 
particular reason for it? Was there anything exceptional in the corresponding period 
last year wherein revenues were at Rs. 83 crores?  
Sumit Shah: 
In, Q2 of the last year, there was a one-time rollout of Disney Jewels to a large 
customer. There was some account of one-time sales last year and due to the 
lockdown in Q1 last year, there was some shift in sales as well. If we were to look 
at the branded segment on a two-year basis, the growth is still a healthy 35%. I 
think, the impact from one year ago is largely due to onetime sales, in Q2 last year, 
as well as some shift in sales from Q1 to Q2 because of the lockdown in North 
America in Q1 last year.  
Kaustubh P: 
Now, since most of the markets have opened up, things are reviving in the 
international markets, how do you expect this business to grow, the B2B part, 
should we expect double digit kind of a growth because this particular space is 
expected to grow at around 10 to 12%. Considering that, how this industry will be 
growing, and your growth will be much better than the industry growth? 
Sumit Shah: 
Our expectation would be that we should be able to grow, the branded B2B 
business in double digits. However, due to the nature of the B2B business, it does 
tend to be lumpy from quarter to quarter. I would expect that on an annualized 
basis, we should definitely see double digit growth in our B2B segment, primarily 
on account of growth in existing licenses, as well as new licenses that we are 
currently expecting to sign up. I would say that on annualized basis, we should see 
healthy growth going forward, but there may be some volatility in quarterly 
numbers, as we go along.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Chirag Vakharia from Budhrani Finance 
Limited.  
Chirag Vakharia: 
Just wanted to understand with this acquisition of Everyday Elegance have you 
acquired any brand?  
Sumit Shah: 
Everyday Elegance itself is a front-end brand that exists. They are primarily a seller 
on Amazon. The reason we did this acquisition really was to expand our product 
profile into diamond stimulants, such as cubic zirconia and moissanite. So Yes, 
Everyday Elegance is a brand. Currently most of the sales are sold through 
Amazon. We plan to create a stronger direct online presence for Everyday 
Elegance as well, to help us grow in this segment where we are currently not 
present. 
Chirag Vakharia: 
If you can share the top line of the Company? 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Sumit Shah: 
they were in $1.5 to $2 million range. So, it is a relatively small Company. The 
annual sales are between $1.5 and $2 million.  
Chirag Vakharia: 
Any update on the China business that you want to share? 
Sumit Shah: 
On the China front, so far what we have heard from our partners in China is that 
sales have been encouraging. However, I think the expansion in China is going to 
take some time as they are thinking through what is working well and what is not 
working well. We do not expect a significant ramp up in China. We are happy with 
the sales, but we have not heard any news yet on, expansion from the current 
hundred door test to any further tests yet. So, these are all the updates that we 
have so far on China.  
Moderator:  
The next question from the line of Kalpesh Parekh from JSN Financial Services.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
I have a couple of questions, one on this Everyday Elegance. Do you think the size 
of acquisition will be good enough for us at this juncture or probably we could have 
done much bigger or are we scouting for some more acquisitions in this space? 
Sumit Shah: 
This acquisition was obviously a very small one, but it added some strategic value 
in terms of vendor relationships and customer relationships in the new product 
area. We are definitely, in continuous discussions for bigger acquisitions as well. 
And we are looking to deploy, the cash on the balance sheet towards, strategic 
acquisitions in the future, which will be larger than Everyday Elegance. I mean, this 
was a kind of a bolt on acquisition that was relatively easy to do because there was 
not much integration or not too many employees involved. To answer your 
question, though, it is a small acquisition, however we are, and we continue to look 
for more meaningful opportunities, which will help us grow our direct-to-consumer 
business, at a much faster rate inorganically.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
So the shifted acquisition from our side will be in this direction only on the branded 
jewellery space, particularly in US market only or we are open for other market as 
well, particularly Europe or Asia? 
Sumit Shah: 
Because we are focused currently to grow our branded segment. We are open to 
an acquisition either in Europe or in North America, depending on where the 
opportunity presents itself. So, we continue to have meaningful dialogues with 
multiple people and they are open to anything that makes sense financially and fits 
our strategic objectives.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
We have seen some good improvements coming in, on the ROE front and ROCE 
front, particularly from 6% to 11%, we have made improvements. I think to some 
extent it is attributed to increasing branded jewellery business contribution. Also, 
we are deploying this cash which is sitting on the books as on today. So, with 
further acquisition probably, are we eyeing for further better ROE and ROCE over a 
period of time? 
Hitesh Shah: 
Definitely we are looking at improving ROEs and ROCEs. It will be due to higher 
contribution from the branded and the D2C segments, as you can see that EBITDA 
on those are significantly higher and the D2C is specially a very capital light 
business and hence can generate significantly higher ROCEs. As mix of branded 
under direct-to-consumer businesses continues to improve, we will see a upside to 
the ROEs and ROCEs of the Company.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
My third question will be on this Irasva brand particularly in India, how has been the 
response because we do not talk much on this Indian market and all that. I know 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
our focus is always on the US and European market. Is Indian market gaining 
ground or probably a long way to go? 
Sumit Shah: 
It is very initial days for us in the Indian market because we started, our operations 
only six to nine months prior to the pandemic and since the pandemic the recovery 
has been little bit slow because we are not an established brand already. However, 
we have brought on board a new CEO, who has had experience in diamond 
jewellery retail in India and especially Bijou Kurien obviously comes with, 
experience from Tanishq and he is a retail veteran, so we are working closely 
together to formulate a strategy for our India business. And it is clearly an 
opportunity area, but it will take some time for the business to grow and become 
meaningful. We continue to strategize and plan to grow the business. But, once, it 
reaches unit level economics, which are profitable only then will there be any 
significant expansion, but it is definitely on the radar for us, and we plan to continue 
to improve the product mix and the branding in order to help the stores reach 
profitability.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
One last question I have, particularly on the balance sheet side, on the net debt 
and net working capital which I was seeing, there has been some increase which 
has taken place on both the fronts. My interpretation is this is because of the 
expected good holiday season for you that would be the Q3. Is it because of that or 
something else?  
Hitesh Shah: 
It is absolutely due to that. The Q3 is a very large quarter for our business due to 
seasonality and the higher debt and working capital is due to the inventory built up 
that has happened in WIP as well as finished goods anticipating the seasonal 
sales.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
So, this should normalize in the coming quarter? 
Hitesh Shah: 
Yes, the inventory we will normalize in the coming quarter and the receivables 
before March 2022.  
Moderator:  
The next question from the line of Yash Kothari from Citrus Advisors.  
Yash Kothari: 
I just want you to know, any acquisition in the branding segment that you could 
probably tell us about, like that might be coming or like we have Disney, we have 
Star Wars, so any other exciting acquisition? 
Sumit Shah: 
We're working on growth really on two fronts, the licensed brands division is really 
more about signing agreements with other owners of brands from whom we can 
license the brand. There is, at least 2 new brands that we are in serious 
discussions with at final stages of negotiation, which we are likely to announce, all 
within the next two quarters. And, in addition to that, we are also looking at 
inorganic growth opportunities, to acquire businesses, which own their own brands. 
The growth here would be on multiple fronts. One is on the licensing side, with 
agreements, with new licensing partners and also on the acquisition side, we are 
working towards opportunities that we may see, but nothing to announce yet. I 
think once we have agreements in terms of either acquisitions or licensing 
arrangements, we will definitely announce it through a press release.  
Moderator:  
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan.  
Kaustubh P: 
My question was more on the branded business. In your initial comment, you 
mentioned that you are targeting branded business contribution to go up to around 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
50% over the next three to four years. What would be the key drivers for increasing 
this contribution? Secondly, how will this Strategic Advisory Board help in achieving 
this stance?  
Sumit Shah: 
In terms of drivers for growth for the branded business, there are multiple levers 
and multiple vectors in which we are working to increase the contribution of this 
division. With, area number one is taking the existing licenses that we do have, and 
we are currently selling, expanding distribution and expanding sales of those. If we 
look at the life cycle of the current brands, that we currently sell, Enchanted is 
probably in its 5th year and relatively mature and contributes a significant 
percentage of our overall revenues of the branded jewellery segment. We have 
Star Wars and Disney Jewels which are about one year, Disney Jewels is about 1 
year into sales and Star Wars is just under nine months when we first started 
selling Star Wars. I think that the existing brands, will mature over time, in addition 
to the newer brands, which are extremely small now growing, there is also newer 
brands that we will sign licensing agreements with. The third vector of growth 
would really be a strategic acquisition in the direct-to-consumer space. Lastly, we 
are also looking very closely at the India business and achieving unit level 
economics where we have had a very encouraging Diwali for the Irasva brand and 
if during this quarter we are able to achieve unit level economics, we will probably 
look at some expansion with Irasva as well. So, we have existing licenses, which 
are not fully exploited, new licenses, acquisitions and Irasva. So really there are 
multiple vectors of growth. Not all of them may play out, but we are focusing on all 
of these areas to see, how we can make this into a much more meaningful 
business from what it is today. 
Kaustubh P: 
What would be the role of Strategic Advisory Board in all this how they will help us 
to achieve our target?  
Sumit Shah: 
We've really selected, the Strategic Advisory Board very strategically, we have, 
somebody with a very good retail background. Mr. Bijou Kurien, Mr. Francesco 
Pesci comes from luxury retail and branding experience. He ran a Danish 
Company as a CEO, which was about $200 million in sales. John comes from a 
digital marketing background. The Strategic Advisory Board has quarterly review 
meetings to review the business in general. Each of them, have review meetings, 
twice a month with the various business heads specifically to discuss business 
issues, opportunities and really mentoring the business heads of each of the 
divisions, in order to help grow their individual business. It is, in addition to a 
quarterly review meeting, they are working now on a bi-monthly basis closely with 
the business heads in order to mentor them on specific issues with regards to the 
business.  
Kaustubh P: 
One more question on this season, as you were answering to one of the 
participants. Season has already begun. We are in the month of November. So 
how things are panning out, better sales compared to what it was last year? 
Sumit Shah: 
Currently, I think across the board, the macro tailwinds are strong, and sales are as 
anticipated, and we definitely expect a strong quarter in Q3.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Singh from Sarath Capital.  
Gaurav Singh: 
I had a couple of questions, what explains the buoyancy in the gold segment, there 
is quite a strong volume growth there. 
Sumit Shah: 
The gold segment last year specifically our gold business is primarily in the Middle 
East. The manufacturing facility is in Dubai and the sales are primarily in the Middle 
East. This region depends significantly on tourism for a large part of its sales and 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
last year, Q1 and Q2, pretty much the world was not traveling, and tourism was 
completely off. That has specifically resumed very strongly, and we see very strong 
momentum across the Middle East because, as I said, tourism is a key driver for 
growth here, as people are traveling to the Middle East to buy gold jewellery. That I 
would say is the primary driver for growth within the gold jewellery segment.  
Gaurav Singh: 
As far as your D2C segment is concerned it is quite a young business. Any reason 
on Q-o-Q basis, since it is at a low base, why should a single holiday, lead to a flat 
sort of a quarter? I mean, given that, a lot of your brands were launched off late 
and have not even been monetized, in a good manner. Like you mentioned that 
Mother's Day fell in the previous quarter and there was no reason for celebration in 
this quarter. So, any reason for that?  
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. I think in general, if you look at, sales of jewellery, through the calendar year it 
is very focused around, Christmas, Mother's Day and Valentine's Day and one 
does expect to see seasonality. Having said that, I think that the business in Q3 
also we would expect to grow significantly and meaningfully on a year-over-year 
basis. One of the other issues that one also does have to keep in mind, that in 
April, May and June, there was some impact from the US Government stimulus 
checks that were given out and the world was still closed down. I think a 
combination of the two we have seen a flattish or a slight de-growth in Q2 over Q1. 
Having said that, we believe we are firmly on track to hit our Rs. 120 to Rs. 125 
crores annual number for the D2C segment for the current financial year.  
Gaurav Singh: 
And I assume that the last quarter you did the gold revenue adjustment, the same 
this quarter as well. So what's leading to the buoyancy in margins when I compare 
QoQ basis because they came in at around 8% if I'm not wrong in last quarter, 
11%, this quarter, your branded segment was at the same level of 20% of your 
entire business? 
Sumit Shah: 
The plain gold business, obviously in Quarter 2 impacted due to Diwali. I think a lot 
of our sales in the Middle East are to Indian ex-pats or to the Indian community 
traveling, to the Middle East, to buy gold jewellery, since it is a large part of the 
audience for the gold jewellery segment is the Indian community. There is some 
amount of seasonality due to, buoyancy in sales. There are some margins increase 
in Quarter 2. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Can we assume the margin that we have, that we got in this quarter, which is at 
around 11% that could be assumed as a steady state or we could still see some 
level of up and down in the next few quarters? 
Sumit Shah: 
I would tell you that, I think that H1 would be a better indicator to take that between 
10 and 11% would be a good indicator. I think there may be some shift in expenses 
and some general buoyancy in margins because of deferment of expenses or good 
sales. I would say that probably, between 10 and 11% is a good indicator, 
obviously, if it does better, we would look to try and improve the performance. But I 
would say that, between 10 and 11% is a good indicator of EBITDA margins. 
Gaurav Singh: 
One final question, we were given to understand that you are spending almost 30% 
of the gross margins in the D2C segment towards digital marketing. Since you said 
that the intensity of sales is quite higher in Q3 and Q4 vis-à-vis Q1and Q2. Does 
the spends on marketing also, do you taper that down which would mean that the 
profitability is not compromised and because you are playing with the marketing 
expenses depending on the festivals and when they fall? 
Sumit Shah: 
Currently what we are doing is we are spending about 30% of sales of direct-to-
consumer sales on marketing on an ongoing basis. Our intention in Q3 would also 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
not be to taper that off, in order to kind of, maximize sales and continue to gain 
customers, we are relatively early in the evolution of our direct-to-consumer 
business and really our long-term objective would be to make this a much larger 
and more meaningful business for us. We have seen our repeat customer rate go 
from, almost to zero to about 20% now. I think once we have customers in the 
ability to remarket to them, that's when marketing spends as a percentage of sales 
can go down meaningfully, I think right now we are early in the game. It makes 
sense to invest that money into growing the customer base and thus leading to a 
larger profit pool, 2-3 years down the road. 
Gaurav Singh: 
One final thing on the disclosures, would it be possible for us to disclose how you 
are doing, at least in the D2C front, for the brands that we have done the websites 
for. How successful we have been? Have you been able to monetize from each of 
these brands? 
Sumit Shah: 
Sorry was your question, you want disclosure on how each of these brands are 
doing? 
Gaurav Singh: 
Yes, basically what is the traction in each of these brands? So, we could get a 
sense of with time how are doing individually? You do give a D2C disclosure every 
quarter, so can we get a breakup of that for each of the brands?  
Sumit Shah: 
We can definitely take a note of that and hopefully look at providing some color 
around the traction around each of the brands.  
Gaurav Singh: 
Another thing was since your whole attention is also on the branded side. If you 
could do at least for the last eight quarters mention how the share of the branded 
businesses have increased. It will give us confidence as to how we are going about 
transitioning to the 50% mark for which you are aiming. 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Kalpesh Parekh from JSN 
Financials.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Some of your peers are probably entering into this lab grown diamond jewellery 
business. In this context, do you think there is a big opportunity for us also in this 
space or are we already there in this space?  
Sumit Shah: 
You're absolutely right. Lab grown diamonds are becoming more accepted by the 
consumers, in the West. There is definitely an opportunity for us, to be more 
meaningful in this area. Today it is a very small percentage of our business. And it 
is definitely a focus area of growth for us going forward.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Are you seeing more acceptability from the customers, particularly US customers 
for this product?  
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, absolutely. The US consumer is definitely looking at lab grown diamonds. 
Interestingly, what we are seeing in the marketplace is, they are using lab grown 
diamonds to actually trade up in size and value. So, if a consumer wants to spend 
$3,000 on an engagement ring, while they would end up buying a half carat or a 
one carat diamond, in natural diamonds, they are trading up and still spending 
$3,000 on a lab grown diamond. The penetration of lab grown diamonds, I would 
say, has definitely increased and will continue to go up in the years to come.  

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
And the margins I believe are much better than even the normal diamond, is it true, 
because cost structure wise it is very low? 
Sumit Shah: 
The margins because it is a newer business, would tend to be higher in lab grown 
diamonds than in natural diamonds.  
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Is there any acquisition opportunity in this space?  
Sumit Shah: 
I think we are really evaluating all acquisition opportunities I think something, 
meaningful has to come up for us to look at and acquire but, we are open to 
acquisitions in anything which is strategically important for us.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Anshul Mittal from Care Portfolio Managers.  
Anshul Mittal: 
I just had one question. The licensing agreement, which we have with global 
brands like Disney and Hallmark, are these agreements exclusive to us or these 
are geographic based, like license has been selected towards the Asia region or 
something like that?  
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, the answer is that its country specific. The fine jewellery space is currently 
exclusive in US, Canada, and UK, in other markets where some of the brands had 
licenses already. They are not exclusive, but in our key focus markets, they are 
exclusive.  
Anshul Mittal: 
We do not have that scope to go beyond registered markets or there is a scope to 
expand in different geographies as well?  
Sumit Shah: 
There is a scope to expand in other geographies, but in some other geographies it 
may be non-exclusive, like in China, we are not the exclusive licensee because the 
license already exists. There is scope in other markets, however, maybe on a non-
exclusive basis.  
Anshul Mittal: 
Secondly, I wanted to ask on the CVD front. Even De Beers and other players are 
entering into Chemical Vapor Deposition. I just wanted to know is potential a really 
strong on that front or both sort of jewelries can coincide?  
Sumit Shah: 
Our view is that the customer has a choice and choice is always good. And I think 
that both of them will co-exist of the trend that we are seeing now, as I mentioned 
earlier, is for consumers to trade up when they are going to lab grown diamonds. I 
think as a percentage of overall diamond jewellery sales, I think, lab grown 
diamonds are probably in single digits now. Our expectation would be that they 
would go, into double digits. There are reports that suggest that probably 20% of, 
diamond jewellery sales could be lab grown diamonds, so it is very meaningful 
opportunity and definitely a growth area for the industry.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Jain from Galaxy International.  
Nikhil Jain: 
Couple of questions, first one is Chinese joint venture that we had with one of the 
retailers. Is there any update on that? How is the traction going over there? And 
has it impacted because of the COVID situation in China and the other steps the 
Government is taking?  
Sumit Shah: 
On the China front, the feedback that we received from our partner in China is that 
they are encouraged by the sales. However, we do not have any news on 
increased distribution as yet, we are working towards setting up our own online 
platform on T-mall to try and sell direct to consumer in China as well. China is 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
probably going to take a while before it becomes meaningful to our overall sales 
numbers. So, I do not have too much to report except that, initial sales have been 
good. However, I do not have too much news about the plans for expansion yet 
with our partner.  
Nikhil Jain: 
My second question is currently we are having 6 branded websites through which 
we are promoting our product, which is Direct to Consumer. And we have now 
done some acquisition also which will add up. We are also saying that we will have 
maybe some more brands you are looking for some more acquisition. Maybe we 
are talking about like 10-12 different kinds of entities or websites or brands through 
which we will be doing our sales for direct to consumer. My question was, would it 
become a little more difficult to manage, let us say 10, 12 different brands and 
businesses separately for the customer. From a customer perspective and from our 
own efficiency perspective and other things, if I look at FMCG, companies are 
actually investing in their power brands and trying to grow them bigger, rather than 
pushing so many small brands. So, what is your take on that?  
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, I think our eventual goal, would be to try and create a platform where the 
multiple brands can be sold under one website. I think currently, individual 
storytelling is also very important to have individual brands because you do lose 
part of the experience of a particular brand when it is sold on a multi brand website, 
there will be a multi-brand platform at some point in the future, once there is a 
network of brands that is a complete portfolio. So, it is definitely challenging, to 
operate too many websites. However, we feel that from a storytelling perspective, it 
is very important, to represent the brand correctly on a particular website. Having 
said that, we are not averse to having one platform where all of the brands could 
be sold as sort of a house of brands that would be common to multiple licenses 
that we will own.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care Portfolio Managers.  
Amit Doshi: 
In the opening remarks, you mentioned that you are probably, growing, your 
licensing business and probably doing some acquisition etc. in that space. Just 
wanted to understand, would this be acquisition in the sense the Company having 
that license, or you would directly reach out to the brand and make a royalty 
agreement with that? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes. Sure. To answer your question, we are looking at both opportunities, we are 
looking at signing new licensing agreements and that would not be an acquisition, 
which would just be a new licensing arrangement with a brand where royalties paid 
on the rate of sale, as well as looking at acquisition opportunities of companies that 
actually own their own brands and probably have a direct relationship with the 
consumer. We are looking at both opportunities for growth.  
Amit Doshi: 
Which one do you think is more, better, or easier to grow? Because the one which 
already has a brand, probably they have the distribution points or branding activity, 
then it is easier to grow or direct having a license from the brand is easier? 
Sumit Shah: 
In terms of a new license that takes time to nurture and grow, right. I mean, it is a 
long process. One has to create the marketing, create the branding, establish 
distribution, establish a website, and sell. However, it takes a couple of years to 
actually for the brand to become meaningful after signing a licensing deal. In terms 
of an acquisition, it could be meaningful from day one. So, there is a short-term 
angle to this and a long-term angle to this, right, so both are important. 
Amit Doshi: 
Valuation could be the key thing.  

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, correct. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you everyone for participating on our Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call. Look forward to seeing you on the next conference call. Thank you.  
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy. 
 
