Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Globus Spirits Limited 
Q2FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHEKHAR SWARUP – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR- 
GLOBUS SPIRITS LIMITED 
MR. PARAMJIT SINGH GILL – CEO (CONSUMER 
DIVISION) - GLOBUS SPIRITS LIMITED 
DR. BHASKAR ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER - 
GLOBUS SPIRITS LIMITED 
MR. NILANJAN SARKAR – SR VP FINANCE - GLOBUS 
SPIRITS LIMITED 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Global Spirits Limited Q2FY22 
earnings conference call. Joining us on this call today are Mr. Shekhar Swarup, Joint 
Managing Director, Mr. Paramjit Gill, CEO (Consumer division), Mr. Bhaskar Roy, COO, 
and Mr. Nilanjan Sarkar, Sr.VP Finance. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchstone telephone. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Shekhar Swarup. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and welcome to our Q2FY22 earnings call. The second 
quarter gone by witnessed strong rebound from the first quarter that was impacted by 
lockdowns rising through the second wave. We are happy to inform that economic activity 
has recovered to pre-COVID levels. In fact, it has grown to pre-COVID levels in the areas 
that we operate. Before we jump into performance, I would like to draw your attention to 
the fact that reported financials for Q2FY22 and H1FY22 include the effects of the merger 
of Unibev Limited with Global Spirits Limited and accordingly the financials for previous 
comparative periods have also been restated to ensure like-to-like comparison. 
 
At Global Spirits our consistent focus remains on growing both arms of our two-pronged 
business model to continue to help us to grow from strength to strength, mainly the 
consumer and the manufacturing businesses. We are happy to report that both our 
businesses continue to grow on the back of improved capability building in our consumer 
business and strong demand for ENA and ethanol backed with high plant productivity in 
our manufacturing business. Our efforts in creating better offerings to the consumer in the 
relevant segments along with strengthening capability at back ends and frontlines is playing 
out to our advantage and we remain hopeful of translating this into further market share 
gains in the coming years. Further the hourglass shape market that I have spoken about in 
the previous calls continued to guide our strategy in key markets. Further details on this will 
follow in Param’s remarks. 
 
Coming to the manufacturing segment while demand for ENA and ethanol remain strong 
our business performance suffered due to plant closures to some extent. In Bihar the facility 
has been closed since August 15, this year due to flooding caused by unprecedented rains in 
the region whereas we were able to take precautionary measures to preserve our assets, the 
opportunity cost of this closure is estimated at about Rs.20 Crores for the quarter gone by 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 24 
we expect the plant to restart in December-21 and achieve our targeted productivity budgets 
shortly after. 
 
In addition, plant shutdown for critical maintenance at Haryana and West Bengal further led 
to an estimated contribution loss of about Rs.5 Crores, despite lower capacity utilization 
due to plant closures the manufacturing business posted a revenue growth of 7% year-on-
year, driven by robust growth in overall realizations. 
 
With respect to our plant expansion, the work continues to remain on track. The new facility 
in West Bengal with a capacity of 140 kl per day is expected to be operational within this 
month i.e. November-21 and is expected to operate at full capacity from Q4FY22. This 
marks a record completion of work in about 14 months despite three to four months of 
disruption due to lockdowns and heavy monsoons in this period. Work in the Jharkhand 
factory is underway and we expect the plant to be fully operational in Q1FY23. In Odisha 
land acquisition is underway and we believe it will be completed by end of December of 
this year. 
 
The company has also received 10-year long-term volume allocation for our units at 
Haryana, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Odisha by the OMCs for ethanol supply. This is a 
welcome step to assure volume offtake for our facilities. I now request Param to take you 
through the performance of the consumer business. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Thanks. Good evening ladies and gentlemen and I hope you had a good Diwali. As Shekhar 
explained, our consumer business has seen strong traction with growth in volumes by over 
13% year-on-year and 12% quarter-on-quarter while revenue grew in the range of 30% 
year-on-year as well as around 16% quarter-on-quarter and we are well on our path of a 
strong growth trajectory for the forthcoming quarters as well. Further we are very happy to 
inform you that the product mix continues to improve with a higher share coming through 
the premiumization from the value segment. 
 
Let me take you through a quick analysis and strategy for this segment. For our value and 
value plus segments the key markets of Rajasthan, Haryana and West Bengal continue to 
show growth. In Rajasthan our market share has increased to above 32% on the back of 
strong performance of the value plus segment where our market share increased to almost 
45% in Q2 of the current year. This was in the range of about 29% in the last year. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
Further new launches have been planned that is Black Lace Rum and Globus Green 
Whiskey Brand in the coming quarter. We are also expanding our whisky and vodka 
offerings via our tetra packs. Tetra pack as you know is an interesting modern offering 
which not only is efficiently transportable due to the weight of the glass bottles no longer 
being a factor that is the most pilfer proof packaging around in the consumer business. It 
also offers advantages to the traveling mobile consumer. This move also establishes our 
ability to move forward and try and capture modern trends in consumer behavior in these 
relevant segments. 
 
In Haryana we have maintained the market share in the range of 9% and are planning on 
launching two new brands in this quarter to further accelerate our path to gain market share. 
The new offerings which have been planned will again play in the value plus segment and 
have the ability to shore up our margins basis performance. Both offerings are in the 
whiskey flavor which is the most dominant flavor in that market and will be entering the 
market with considerable upgraded packaging as well as liquid. 
 
In West Bengal there is huge headroom for growth since our current market share is only 
about 2%. Our upcoming expansion at West Bengal facility is about to give us an added 
impetus to not only expand our portfolio of offerings but will also allow us to capture 
sudden market surges in that geography. We have reintroduced our original Goldie brand in 
the market and this is initial feedback I can say that it has been well accepted. 
 
New launches are expected in this quarter not only in the value plus segment but we also 
plan to expand our offering by including the rum. We have successfully started energizing 
our current portfolio across the chain by not only improving its overall delivery to the 
consumer but also expanding as well as upgrading the range of our offerings to cater to the 
evolving tastes and preferences of the consumer. We are also taking into account the 
seasonal as well as occasion led changes in the consumer behavior to capture these 
opportunities. 
 
Global spirits will continue to participate as a meaningful business in the premium and core 
segment given the potential in the industry and the economic benefits that accrue to the 
players in the segment. 
 
In the IMFL business as earlier mentioned that in the post-COVID scenario and basis our 
philosophy or playing where we have a right to win depending on ease of entry, cost of 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 24 
doing business, contribution profile, business environment, etc. We are about to go in for 
local production of our brands in West Bengal. This will allow us both to expand efficiently 
into the total state of West Bengal, which as of now is being serviced in the greater Calcutta 
area. Entering key markets of Delhi, UP, Haryana over the Q3FY22-Q4FY22 period 
through in-house sourcing is almost around the corner and is going to be a very exciting 
phase in our journey. 
 
We have increased our offering as well in the IMFL segment to also include participation in 
the semi premium segment in our portfolio to help accelerate our progress. Through these 
markets we are hoping to contribute significantly to the semi-premium and premium 
segments where these markets play a significantly salient role. I am looking forward to a 
very exciting journey ahead with the support of all the stakeholders. I will request Dr. Roy 
to now lead the conversation. 
Bhaskar Roy: 
Thank you Sir. Good evening everyone. Let me now take you through the operational and 
financial performance of the company. We are happy to report that our higher margin 
consumer business has seen an increase in share of the total revenue. 
 
The contribution of the consumer business has increased from 42% in Q2FY21 to 47% in 
Q2FY22 on the back of robust growth in volumes and realizations led mainly by Value Plus 
segment also known as medium liquor. In the consumer segment we have seen a strong 
growth not only in revenues, but also the contribution of the consumer segment to the 
overall business in Q2FY22, revenues from consumer business in Q2FY22 came in at 
Rs.181 Crores year-on-year and growth of 30% year-on-year and 16% quarter-to-quarter. 
 
The manufacturing business on the other hand while growing has seen its contribution come 
down from 58% in Q2FY21 to 53% in Q2FY22. In the manufacturing segment our bulk 
alcohol revenue came in at Rs.138 Crores for the second quarter of FY22. Second Quarter 
of FY2022 saw plant closures which already was mentioned by Mr. Shekhar Swarup and 
giving details, despite this the capacity utilization came in at 90% in Q2 FY22. 
 
In terms of volume the consumer segment saw sales of 3.80 million cases a growth of 13% 
year-on-year and 12% quarter-to-quarter of which value plus segment sales stood at 1.30 
million cases a growth of 63% year-on-year and 19% quarter-on-quarter.  

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 24 
                                            Our cash flow generation in FY21 was strong and we generated Rs.148 Crores of net cash 
flow from operations whereas for half year ended FY22 the cash flow generation was 
Rs.138 Crores. 
 
Our finance costs are reduced by 37% year-on-year from 9.9 Crores in half year ended 2021 
to Rs.6.3 Crores in H1FY22 on the back of reduced bad debt as mentioned above and 
reduce the average cost of debt to 7.4% in H1FY22. Our interest cost for the last quarter is 
5.95% on long-term loan as a result of the improvement in the financial risk profile of the 
company marked by healthy operations margins and comfortable capital structure and debt 
coverage indicators the credit rating for our long-term and short-term bank facilities stand 
reaffirmed that is stable with enhanced credit limits as of January 2021. 
 
We saw our EBITDA margins improved by almost 412 bps this year year-on-year to 23.3% 
in quarter two of FY22 and remained within expected range, however Q2FY22 saw fuel 
inflation of 20% - 25% which was offset to some extent by upward moving ENA prices and 
Animal Feed prices, whereas EBITDA margins for H1FY22 expanded by 650 bps to 25% 
from 18.4% in H1FY21 on the back of higher share of consumer revenue and improve 
realization. 
 
As mentioned in the previous call, we continue to avail the MAT credit avail to the 
company on account of the benefit of setting up plant and older section of the income tax 
that reduces the effective cash payout of tax to around 24.83% in half year till such time this 
credit is fully utilized the company's cash outflow will be in this region and we are 
expecting that this year we will aim with the tax expected current year of cash out flow of 
21.33%. 
 
The MAT credit which will be fully utilized this year and from next year there will be no 
income tax MAT credits should be available our tax rate should be in the range of 24% to 
25%. 
 
Now coming to the working capital cycle, overall working capital cycle has seen an 
improvement however there is an increase in accounts receivable on account of strong 
growth in higher price of consumer value segment of which the duty paid is funded by the 
company. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
The Net Working Capital days is 11 days as of now despite this increase in working capital 
our return ratios have significant expansion ROE and ROCE have gone up from single digit 
inFY2019 to 31% and 39% in H1FY22 respectively.  
                                           We have calibrated our operations to ensure that any disruptions are not only temporary but 
can also resume quickly as a result we believe we are in a strong position. This concludes 
my reports on the operational and financial highlights. I would now request the moderator 
to open the forum for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. 
Shekhar Swarup:              While the question queue is building up, I just want to highlight two points that were raised 
in Dr. Roy's comments one is that our effective tax rate whereas you read as 33% is due to 
the available MAT credits that we have available. Our effective cash payout is only around 
18% from next year onwards after 1st April, 2022 our effective tax rate will come down to 
25% which is currently 33%. 
 
The cash payout will increase from 18% to 25% but effective tax rate will come down from 
33% to 25% therefore there will be a significant positive impact on EPS. The second thing 
is that you would have noticed our excise duty shared has been increasing this quarter faster 
than our revenue and that is essentially due to the product profile changing our revenue mix 
changing in favor of higher value consumer products. So, operator if the question queue is 
ready, we can begin with questions. 
Moderator: 
Sure, Sir. We have the first question from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan 
by BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Good afternoon, Sir thanks for giving me the opportunity and congrats for a good set of 
numbers. Sir I have three broader questions first on your consumer business if you could 
help me with the growth in your key markets such as Rajasthan, Haryana, West Bengal how 
was the growth in this quarter. 
Paramjit Gill: 
So, if we look at Rajasthan, Rajasthan is a strong double -digit growth over 15%, Haryana 
is a single digit growth close to about 7%, Delhi of course is an extremely high growth in 
480% and West Bengal is very marginal growth as of now in the range of 2% to 3%. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir this quarter we have seen the revenue contribution from consumer business have gone 
up to 47% and the manufacturing contribution has come down but this can be attributed 
also to the factory shutdown which happened in Bihar Haryana and West Bengal maybe 
from next quarter the mix would again change, is it a right understanding. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Yes, so one need to do that calculation we frankly have not done that there has been 
increase in consumer revenue obviously and also a reduction in capacity utilization so both 
things have helped increasing the consumer growth, the share of consumer in revenue. I 
also mentioned that the West Bengal factory the new capacity is starting this quarter plus 
Bihar will resume operations so there will be significant growth in manufacturing revenue 
obviously. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir in West Bengal since we are focusing since our own capacity is coming up and the 
production will start, so currently we have a market share of around 2% so what is your 
target like once the distribution increases beyond Kolkata what kind of share you are 
expecting in West Bengal. 
Paramjit Gill: 
So from a strategic point of view, we would like to have greater than 25% market share in 
every state West Bengal poses the greatest opportunity for us in terms of volume it is a 
similar size market as Rajasthan, it is conducive to business with the changes in policy that 
that have been announced and to be implemented in a matter of weeks it is difficult for me 
to say on a quarter by quarter basis what will be the growth but our aspirations are to be 
north of to be around 25%. Just to add and see we are working towards a situation where 
the geographical expense of the state especially in the far-flung areas of North Bengal are 
adequately catered to through our route to market because in the value segment efficiency 
of service also is equally important and the greater Calcutta point that I alluded to in service 
is universe brands for the current value segment we are in areas beyond greater Calcutta 
though we are not present in the whole of West Bengal just wanted to bring it out of the 
table for clarification. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thank you Sir. Thanks for the understanding one last one on the margin so first half year 
ended FY22 the EBITDA margin stood at around 25% we have been seeing the cost 
pressures around so should we expect some kind of hit in the margins in the second half or 
you will be comfortable enough with a 25% kind of margins in the second half as good. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 24 
Paramjit Gill: 
I have always maintained that commodity prices go up and down to some extent we have 
the ability to pass it through some parts of our business we do not have that ability but again 
as a principle I have maintained that Q4FY21 margins, those margins I believe are 
sustainable into the medium-term and there may be ups and downs quarter-by-quarter but 
Q4FY21 is something that I believe will sustain for medium-term. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thank you Sir. Thanks for the understanding and all the best for your future quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anshul Verdia from Edelweiss 
Wealth Research. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Verdia: 
Thank you and thank you Sir for the opportunity, congratulations on the good side of 
numbers. I have couple of questions first on the gross margin so we see that the gross 
margins we have been able to maintain on quarter-on-quarter basis despite we have seen 
seeing the high prices of the rice as well as the DDGS realization coming down and the 
Bihar plant was not operational in Q2FY22, so could you throw some light it is the 
realization driven across margin maintenance and second thing so in that case your prices 
would be maintained mostly for the consumer segment so how shall we it is a fair 
expectation to expect margin accretion going forward in the second half. 
Paramjit Gill: 
So inflation pressures are all around with fuel inflation obviously driving a lot of inflation 
pressures across commodity across different commodities most of Q2FY22 margins and 
realizations were stable but towards the end of Q2FY22 we started seeing inflation coming 
in we are seeing inflation continue past Q2FY22 into Q3FY22 as well and to the extent 
possible we are passing on the impact of that like I said earlier regardless of inflation or 
deflation our Q4FY21 margins I believe are sustainable any increases beyond that are due 
to commodity fluctuations but certainly Q4FY21 margins are sustainable. 
Anshul Verdia: 
That was helpful. Sir couple of questions on the bookkeeping side one is that we are seeing 
that the other expenses have increased substantially in this quarter so could you please 
comment on that and second the earlier it was notified that the claim would be there for the 
Bihar lost production so have we already accounted this in the Q2FY22 or this will be 
accounted in upcoming quarters. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, Dr. Roy or Nilanjan could one of you please take that. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Nilanjan Sarkar: 
On the other expenses a major portion of the other expenses including direct manufacturing 
expenses which includes repairs and maintenance on buildings and power and fuel. Our 
power and fuel had slightly increased and that has been into our budgeted norms only it is 
on account of our plant maintenance in Samalkha that we have done and obviously not 
because of the humid climate in quarter two there is a higher usage of cooling tower in 
Behror in the north unit as a result of which our power influence expenses have gone up. On 
repairs and maintenance as I mentioned that we had a planned maintenance in the later 
stages of Q1FY22 which gets which got spilled over to Q2FY22 resulting in higher 
expenses of repairs and maintenance having said that these are all a part of our budgets and 
this is not something extraordinary and we are within our norms. 
Anshul Verdia: 
Thank you Sir and anything on the Bihar lost production claim from the insurance. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So, loss of profit there is no policy for loss of profit that is in place loss on assets repairs 
that would be required due to floods that is insured but loss of profit is an opportunity loss 
that has happened in this quarter. 
Anshul Verdia: 
Thank you Sir. So last one on the broadly like people are seeing the increased penetration of 
your medium liquor as a new optionality coming in West Bengal and Haryana so can you 
give some thoughts in the traction of our medium liquor volume in which state that would 
be helpful. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Yes, West Bengal obviously the value segment and the value plus segment both are 
behaving in a different way the value segment is static right now more or less and the value 
plus segment which is very nascent is starting to accelerate and as of now the segment is 
very, very small it is only about 2% and a bit over it but we are expecting that with evolving 
consumer preferences and the quality of our offerings that are entering this segment this can 
go sky high and my guess is as good as anybody else's but we definitely expect it to start 
moving into a double-digit zone of the total value segment sooner than later and we expect 
to play a strong role in it and are preparing ourselves for both purposes it is accretive and it 
also gives the consumer a lot more satisfaction that he has got a better offering. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
I would like to add to that please so just as in Rajasthan we saw this in Rajasthan really has 
been the flag better for this category and most states are following that model and just like 
in Rajasthan it took them well over 12 months to start prioritizing this as a serious category 
what is the correct price point for it where should it be sold so on and so forth with states 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 24 
and because Rajasthan was really the first state they probably made more mistakes than 
other people would because now a successful model is in place so it is a start we have seen 
this in Haryana and in West Bengal that these are starts right now and just like in Rajasthan 
where this becomes a very large business that comes right in the middle of in terms of price 
point of country liquor as well as the starting range of IMFL and becomes a very serious 
volume segment we believe it will become that in Haryana and in West Bengal but it will 
take a few quarters for that to play out. 
Paramjit Gill: 
To supplement it what Shekhar has said, it is key to be an early participant in that because 
we can fuel the growth of this segment as well, we can participate in the growth and make 
sure that we are able to accelerate growth in a meaningful and a faster way and in the 
process also carve out a good share for ourselves. 
Anshul Verdia: 
I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pritesh Chedda from Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Sir I have a question on this value plus segment which is defined as RML right on a new 
created segment in Rajasthan, this Rs.500 plus case segment does it land up eventually it 
analyzing the IMFL which is the popular segment of IMFL which is let us say a Rs.900 or 
Rs.800- Rs.900 a case and how do you see this whole market then eventually evolving. 
Paramjit Gill: 
So here is my take on it so the consumer fluctuates and moves between price points within 
his comfort zone and it is always a tight race between players in different price points as to 
who is balancing out and giving a better offering to the consumer all in terms of quality 
packaging as well as price so if we continue to be tilting the scale on the winning side on 
this then we are confident that we will keep on bringing in consumers one from upgrades of 
the value segment below it and second is we are hoping that a portion of consumers from 
the segment above it will start seeing a lot more meaningful opportunity to find brands and 
liquids which are a very strong offering at a softer price point so it is an evolving thing very 
dynamic but yes if we continue to give strong delivery like in any consumer business we 
also expect consumers from one level below and one level above to enter into our price 
band. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Pritesh Chedda: 
Just for a clarification first one you mentioned that right now already has reached 40% as 
value share plus contribution right in that particular RML is that you mentioned. 
Paramjit Gill: 
No, our market share is more than 40% Rajasthan of the total segment it would be a little 
less than that probably but very strongly, what is the number Shekhar. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Sorry, there were so many numbers mentioned so I am just started saying that now Value 
Plus segment. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Yes, it should be in the range of 40% Shekhar is right it is in the range of around 35%-40%. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
The value plus. 
Paramjit Gill: 
The value plus yes that is why I was talking the range is correct. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
So, this 3 million cases or let us say you did about let us say I think you did about 10 
million cases last year right in consumer. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Yes, in Rajasthan. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
No total for us. 
Paramjit Gill: 
In the range of little above 10 probably. 
Pritesh Chedda: 
What take do you think some total or these regions that you operate which is right now in 
Bengal, Haryana, Odhisa this is 10 million cases and with the spec change now in Bengal 
you said right so Rajasthan and Bengal are the two places where the spec change has 
happened right it has not happening in Haryana, Orissa as of now am I right on that and if I 
am not right you may rectify it and this 10 million cases at what pace do you see it expect 
growing over the next two, three years. 
Paramjit Gill: 
You wanted me take it Shekhar. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Paramjit Gill: 
So, the value plus segment is also entered Haryana so it is across all three states West 
Bengal actually is the latest entrant. So, Haryana led is a little earlier than West Bengal so 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 24 
as of now it seems to be the one -by-one state journey where it seems to be expanding and 
we are quite hopeful that this trend will continue even in some other states. In terms of 
growth ambitions we are obviously expecting strong volume growth of double digit across 
and the focus is as much as on volume growth as on trying to find accretive growth so it is 
always a fine balance for us it will be difficult to break down number that when do we see 
the 10 million becoming 15 million or even further but suffice to say that we are tracking 
opportunities we are sometimes even influencing opportunities and at the back of our mind 
there is always a balance between let us get volume and let us keep looking for accretive 
margins. So, you have to understand the vision and all excise policies are year on year so 
you have to be very nimble-footed rather than just keep taking long-term projections 
because opportunities keep coming it is about finding them quickly and trying to be if not 
the first mover among the first couple of moves there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harsh Sheth from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. So just a basic question to 
begin with, so is the value plus segment the same as medium liquor and have we rebranded 
this and despite further categorization into whiskey, rum, etc. the duty structure here would 
be similar as it was earlier right. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Yes, so there are three segments there is country liquor or IMILs which we are now calling 
value there is value plus which is medium liquor and there is IMFL which is the premium 
liquor are the brands of Unibev which we inherit. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
And just to add on to that the offerings of medium liquor a few years back and the offering 
of value plus segment there is also a distinct difference in the quality and variety of 
offerings. So, while as a principal at that point of time also something called medium 
liquors stack between the lower end of the value segment and the IMFL today also it sits in 
between, but referring to our earlier discussions it is about how you add value to the 
offering and make it enriched and respectable and desirable to the consumer so that is why 
we are treating with this term. 
Harsh Sheth: 
Understood sir and you had mentioned that the market development for country liquor 
portfolio will precede the commercialization of capacities in Jharkhand. So have you ever 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 24 
launched any products here and any efforts undertaken here and what do you would like to 
highlight since you are expecting commercialization 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So, construction is on in Jharkhand of our bottling capacities as well as our distillation 
capacity so no business as yet. 
Harsh Sheth: 
Understood and sir can you tell me so there was a recent stake sale of promoters so if you 
could throw some light on that is it kind of internal restructuring or rather any plans to take 
it. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
No so details of this were disclosed to the exchanges and you will find all the explanation 
there but very quickly one company or one entity which is listed as a promoter entity their 
shares were sold by IRC so that is the only thing but it does not impact the company in any 
way. 
Harsh Sheth: 
Understood I will just join back in the queue for the follow-up. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshit Shah: 
Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir I 
understand you were doing geographical expansion in Jharkhand as well as now in Odhisa 
and we are about to analyze another state as well so is anything there on the roadmap for 
that. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, there are plans that are in place there are a couple of opportunities we are working on 
unfortunately I do not have any information to offer at this stage on the third opportunity. 
Darshit Shah: 
Okay, and Sir continuing on that I mean just reviewing on the risk front like we saw in a lot 
of southern states where country liquor banned do you kind of foresee such situations 
happening in any of the states which we are present. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So that is one of the reasons for reclassifying how we look at these or what we call these 
segments you have to understand that if a state stops calling or rather bans marketing of a 
certain nomenclature of product it does not mean that they have banned consumption, so 
consumption merely shifts to another product category which is available either at the same 
price point or perhaps a slightly more premium price point. So, these categories are not to 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 24 
be seen as sort of heterogeneous categories or categories which operate in silos, just like 
perhaps tea has different price points but just because you are in a particular price point that 
is discontinued that does not mean you stop consuming tea, so similar to that one must look 
at alcohol so if a certain category is banned or becomes uneconomical for some reason it 
does not mean that we would not participate or we will lose our consumers. 
Darshit Shah: 
Okay so what do you mean to say is that probably if something like this has happened in 
south so the category has been probably banned but then there is a different kind of product 
and category has come up for the similar kind of country liquor segment is that of the 
understanding. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, for the consumer who wants to pay a certain amount of money who has a certain 
budget there is a category for them and they have removed the category that was called 
something and they created a new category which was called something else so the entire 
consumption shifted in to that category. 
Darshit Shah: 
Okay so essentially is that the kind of rebranding or whatever you say but the price point 
eventually remains the same for the consumer. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Net, net consumption you cannot ban consumption. 
Darshit Shah: 
Yes, got it, and Sir any thoughts on the recent ethanol price increased by the government 
and would it be helpful for us? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So, the OMC's the government has announced a price increase for molasses-based ethanol 
grain-based ethanol price increase has not yet been announced which is to be announced by 
the oil companies and we are expecting that to come in, in the next few days regardless of 
what that increase is even if there is no increase the margin levels that we are anticipating 
will continue if there is an increase it will only be margin accretive. 
Darshit Shah: 
Great Sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nitin Awasthi from Incred 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Hello Sir. My first question would be why has the pricing been given to the OMCs for 
grain-based ethanol rather and why is the government not announcing it and why is it 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 24 
handed over to the OMCs to decide and will it be all the OMCs to come together and then 
decide on a price or individual OMCs as they wish as for state will decide with that. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
That is a question that you will have to ask the Prime Minister's office, unfortunately I do 
not have complete clarity on that either but this is the way it has been for the last three years 
since grain ethanol has been procured by the OMCs 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Sir the second question would be as a company you have been very strong on the IMFL 
side, IMIL side and now you are very strongly positioning yourself for the IMFL journey 
the ENA journey there is no question about it my question now pertains to the ethanol 
segment given that we have such a strong balance sheet and we are like the four runners in 
this industry any of the technology know how the geographical expansion that nobody has 
in the country specifically in grain why are not we taking the subsidized loans for the 
ethanol plant and setting up ethanol plants all over. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So, there are two questions from what I understand one is regarding our borrowing rates for 
setting up capacities and the other is why are not we setting up more am I right those are the 
two questions? 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Okay. So to answer the first question yes we are availing subsidized loans for our capacities 
to the extent that we would like to take debt we are also working on reducing our debt as of 
now our long-term debt is about Rs.120 Crores of which around Rs.70 Crores is the 
subsidized debt and Rs.50 Crores is the non-subsidized debt the Rs.50 Crores which is non-
subsidized over the next few months will get replaced by debt which is subsidized so the 
entire long-term borrowings will be at subsidized interest rates, with regard to why we are 
not setting up more capacities well we believe that we must have a balanced approach to 
growth between consumer as well as manufacturing we are growing setting up ethanol 
capacities in states where we believe in the long term will remain deficit in ENA and in 
ethanol. There are there are a lot of new capacities that are going to come up for ethanol and 
there will be more states in India, it will become over supply states we want to remain in the 
states that will remain deficit states for the longest period of time whilst doing so investing 
in consumer businesses in that state that is our business model it is not our business model 
to go all over the country and set up ethanol capacities in every state or in two or three 
states that we are present in to set up very, very large ethanol capacities because then 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 24 
essentially you remain a company that is converting from one commodity to another 
commodity. Ethanol for Globus Spirits is to be seen as an avenue which gives us an option 
of either to sell extra neutral alcohol or ethanol during this time we are investing in our 
capacities just like we have done in Rajasthan where about 80% to 85% of our capacity is 
used for internal consumption we would like to get to that kind of levels at all our facilities. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Good afternoon, congratulations on the results. I have one question on taxation as Mr. 
Swarup mentioned on a sequential basis how does the Rs.52.5 Crores of PAT that we have 
in second quarter compare on a normalized basis after taking into account the MAT credit 
impact if you could just throw some light there. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Nilanjan could you take that please? 
Nilanjan Sarkar: 
Can you repeat the question once again, please. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
In quarter two we have Rs.52.5 Crores of PAT so in this right on the normalized basis if we 
remove the impact of MAT so what would be the adjusted PAT for us in the quarter. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Our cash payout, our cash rate for tax. So, the amount of tax we actually deposit is 18% of 
PBT our effective tax rate however is 33% so the balance amount is the MAT credit that is 
available for us to use now from 1st of April-22 or rather up till 31st of March of this 
financial year we would have exhausted all the MAT credit that is available to us, as a result 
we will then opt out of the old tax regime and move into the new tax regime under which 
income tax is to be deposited at about 25%. So, on a cash basis our tax outlay will go up 
from 18% to 25% but on an accounting basis our tax rate will come down from 33% to 25% 
as a result our EPS will be positively impacted. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Okay got it and secondly interesting point on the consumer business and then move to focus 
on the consumer business and brand so is there any broad aspiration that is laid out for 
Globus in the next four or five years what would be the size and the margin or the overall 
consumer business for globus is there any aspiration or any sort of broad, not estimate but 
any sort of guidance you can give there. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Nilanjan Sarkar: 
It is difficult to give that guidance we do have internal targets it is very difficult to get that 
guidance I have stated in calls and so has Param that in each of our states we would like to 
be north of 25% market share in the premium categories that is a little more challenging in 
the value, & value plus categories that is something that we are more confident on so it is a 
little difficult for me to give you that number but suffice it to say we are not trying to create 
a niche business, we are in this for creating a meaningful business but to walk that journey 
without or rather investing what is prudent and not making irresponsible investments. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Alright. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Suhas Naik from Kridha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Suhas Naik: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I want to know about the West Bengal market the size of the 
market and we say we have 2% market share right now so have we introduced all our 
brands there or we are in the process of introducing all our brands in the value chain. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Yes, the West Bengal market plays in this zone of between 27-28 lakhs to 30 lakhs in 
general in these segments and that is per month and as of now all our planned portfolio is 
not on the shelf at the outlets, a couple of them are going into the market in this quarter and 
then there is another lineup planned for next year. So, we are expecting them to also help us 
in the journey. 
Suhas Naik: 
And is the distribution also in place for us there the entire state or it is selective right now. 
Paramjit Gill: 
So distribution is leading our penetration so at any point of time we have distribution 
footprint which is almost one quarter leading so which means that whatever we want to 
expand in the next three months that distribution footprint is in place as we enter within this 
quarter we will put the distribution mechanism in place for the next quarter because we hire 
colleagues also prudently but distribution leads our speed and the route to market is created 
and then we start launching the brand so distribution is always ahead of our plan so that 
they are ready to receive the portfolio and the brands which are being planned into offering. 
Suhas  Naik: 
Can I add one more. I just want to understand the premium liquor are we investing enough 
in this segment right now because I saw the revenue of Rs.1 Crore for the quarter so are we 
not going aggressively in this segment what are the plans here actually in terms of size. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Paramjit Gill: 
Did not get your questions and say it again please. 
Suhas Naik: 
I want to understand about the premium segment after the merger or because the size is very 
small right now and are we investing enough in this business for growth or you are going 
slower there. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Got it. Thanks. Premium segment as I had mentioned a couple of quarters ago post COVID 
we have readjusted our site of action in these segments and we have started moving our 
focus to the geographies where we within our framework see ourselves are having a 
reasonable and a strong right to win and these states also contribute significantly in terms of 
salience to the segment if we compare them with all India position and we are very niche 
players we have tested our brands our brands have found acceptance and we are talking to 
you we are almost at the verge of diving into the CI depots so West Bengal followed by 
Delhi followed by Haryana and UP are all likely to happen and as quarters progress we will 
be getting more and more aggressive in these segments in these states now investments 
obviously are prudently balanced investments are ready and waiting and we intend spending 
money at a right time in the right geographies and prudently of course so it is not as if we 
will be deprived of investments as we traverse to accelerate this journey. 
Suhas Naik: 
Are we also accrued as the defence depots and all,  in the defence any of our brands are sold 
there 
 
. 
Paramjit Gill: 
So as of now it is not an area of priority because we are planning to play in the big markets 
where our recoveries are also stronger so at this point of time it is not on the data point for 
us a little later down the line surely it is something which will come through. 
Suhas Naik: 
Thank you. Thanks for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pankaj Saraf from Shearwater. 
Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Saraf: 
Hi my first question is on the cost side in the last conference call Q1FY22 you had 
mentioned that the principal raw material for company is broken right and we did not see 
any shortage of brokerage right in India and therefore when the question was from the cost 
inflation side you said we do not really expect much, so my question is have you seen cost 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 24 
inflation on the broken right rice because I think you mentioned in the opening remarks that 
there was some inflation in the cost that so just trying  to understand where did that inflation 
come. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, so, no, I think there maybe some miscommunication or misunderstanding there is 
obviously a seasonal factor that comes into cost of any agricultural commodity in Q2 into 
Q3 maybe half of Q3 is the lean season for rice all over India and every year we do see 
increases in cost here there is no shortage of broken rice that we have not in my memory 
ever lost production for considerable time period because of shortage of raw material but 
during the off season yes there is an increase in cost and that is what we have seen in 
addition the fuel cost inflation that we have all been impacted with regardless of the 
industry we operate in, it also impacts price of any commodity so that has been sort of an 
additional factor to keep in mind for this period. 
Pankaj Saraf: 
Got it and second question is right on the income statement where can I see this effect of the 
cost of inflation of input materials because when I look at your financials? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
So, it was very nominal last quarter and raw material consumption has also been lower due 
to the closure in Bihar so it will be very difficult in the results for you to pick this out 
largely because it was very nominal in Q2FY22. It is not something which is affecting 
business it is a normal inflation which is expected during this period. Right, I mean honestly 
when I analyze income statement I am seeing the cost of material still at 31% -32% or 
roughly the same level as the previous quarter  I am not able to actually map out what that 
means what the cost inflation means in terms of margin so like I said cost of material 
consumed is based on total consumption of material the Bihar factory was closed for some 
time in the quarter so the results will not reflect quarter on quarter position happy to answer 
this offline and give you the data you require to the extent we can. 
Pankaj Saraf: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Congratulations on consistently coming out with good set of numbers. Sir my question is 
regarding this there was a press item in Patrika and the local magazines of Rajasthan 
regarding the contractors going on strike because they were being forced to have 50% RML 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 24 
quota along with the IMIL quota so as far as IML was concerned they were okay but as far 
as this forced selling of RML quota was there Rajasthan made liquor they were protesting 
against it,  is our company affected in any way or is it Rajasthan State Ganganagar Sugar 
Mill or what exactly is that nitty-gritty and because I think so some that quota was reduced 
to 35% also from 50% if you can say something Sir. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
I am not able to comment on this call regarding nuances of government policy which have 
not been implemented, we can talk about the government policy that has been implemented 
and the performance of our products in that environment your question relates to things that 
may or may not have happened but basis the policy that is in place our performance in 
Rajasthan has been satisfactory. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Yes, it is fantastic Sir. 47% consumer business is really good achievements, and the second 
thing is that there is a lot of changes happening in the excise policy in Delhi I think in West 
Bengal also and Jharkhand, Odisha also venturing into it all these states are a country into 
itself as far as the extra alcohol sale is concerned so and then for example in Delhi we were 
earlier quite dominant and now we are having a negligible presence so in IMIL and other 
segments how are we placed and what our plan of actions in all these four states . 
Shekhar Swarup: 
There is a significant amount of information regarding our plans that we have discussed and 
also on our presentation that has been published to exchanges today may I request in 
interest of time and several other questions that are in the queue that in case Sir you feel that 
the information is inadequate you reach out to us and we will be happy to schedule a 
discussion on this. 
Vivek Gautam: 
No, Delhi specifically if you can say because that has been the major change in the excise 
policy and attracting a lot of press attention so what are the hopes that we have for Delhi 
Sir. 
Paramjit Gill: 
Our hopes are very high for Delhi the policy implementation is obviously very key we are 
at the cusp of change it is in Q2FY22 there was a very limited impact Q3FY22 is where 
change is taking place so we will have to wait and see how the change unfolds but from a 
long-term point of view our hopes are very high about Delhi. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Thank you Sir. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Varun Seth, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Seth: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations of a good set of numbers. Sir just a 
clarificatory question from the previous participant on the risk side they are assuming like 
there is a ban in south for the country liquor what I understood if similar ban is there in say 
Rajasthan there only the nomenclature of the country liquor may change value segment or a 
value plus segment and rest the product margin etc. will continue as it is, consumption will 
continue as it is and as such there would not be any impact on the company like us is the 
understanding correct sir. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
See we are talking very hypothetical situation so a hypothetical situation has the weakness 
of being based on the assumptions that come to mind right now but let us say that this 
hypothetical situation was to come true the point I made was consumption will not reduce it 
will merely shift to another price point and even from the government's point of view they 
would like to grow tax revenue I do not see any reason in the post pandemic or rather 
during pandemic era why governments would like to reduce their revenue of tax. So, it may 
be nomenclature change but they will continue to provide a product for every wallet for 
every budget and for that reason we will always participate in value, value plus segments 
and with the position of dominance and as a position of a disruptor in the premium 
segments. 
Varun Seth: 
Got it. so, you mean consumption would change to the price point so maybe IMIL might 
shift to a lower price point of IMFL something like that or IMIL continues in IMIL. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
I do not know it is a very hypothetical situation in terms of volume. 
Varun Seth: 
Today what is happening in south, if you can give those ideas on because country liquor is 
banned there so today how it operates in south if you have any idea? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
As far as I know we do not operate in south India so I do not have an understanding of the 
nuances of that market but as far as I know there are cheap IMFL segments which are at 
subsidized duty rates so it effectively comes to the same thing as a country liquor which is 
also a subsidized duty price point. 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 23 of 24 
Varun Seth: 
My second in the last question is on the third state of expansion which we are looking at 
and what we understood was that during the third quarter time you will announce so is that 
expansion still on drawing board and something can be expected by December -21? 
Shekhar Swarup: 
No it is very much on the plans and we had asked for time till Q3FY22 so kindly do give us 
that time. 
Varun Seth: 
Thank you so much. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will take the last two questions. The next question is 
from the line of Vileh Rai, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vileh Rai: 
Good afternoon, Sir. My first question is how long it will take us to achieve maximum 
capacity utilization in the new West Bengal plant. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
45 days. 
Vileh Rai: 
The 100% utilization will it be 100%. 
ShekharSwarup: 
Yes. 
Vileh Rai: 
Okay Sir and how variable are the margins in the manufacturing business and are these 
current realizations sustainable. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
As mentioned on this call earlier and the previous calls Q4FY21 margins as a overall for the 
company is what we expect that will sustain I believe we are operating a little bit above that 
currently but it is my belief that Q4FY21 margin should sustain. 
Vileh Rai: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sai Narayan, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sai Narayan: 
Shekhar congratulations on the good set of numbers. I joined the call later so I just want to 
know actually regarding the geographical expansion so one is the West Bengal plant 
actually which I understand will become completely operational in next 45 days and 
Jharkhand actually I just want to know update on Jharkhand and apart from Jharkhand and 

 
 
  
Globus Spirits Limited 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Bengal is there any other state or something we are planning to venture into that is my first 
question. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Thank you. All the information regarding this is contained in our quarterly investor 
presentation that was published today. Please do have a look at it in case there is any 
inadequacy that you find in information we will be happy to set up a call to discuss it 
further. 
Sai Narayan: 
The second and last question is so I remember attending the previous calls so I was saying 
about the pricing power which we got because of ethanol blending so does it still hold good 
actually the pricing power we have in the bulk alcohol segment. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Yes, no change from last quarter. 
Sai Narayan: 
Okay. Thanks Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question I would like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Shekhar Swarup for closing comments. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Shekhar Swarup: 
Thank you everyone for taking out the time to join us today as mentioned in case we missed 
out on questions or if our information is inadequate, please do reach out to us and we will 
be happy to set up a call to address the queries. Thank you again and wish you a good 
weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Globus Spirits 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
