  
  
    
® 
[neu 
“% 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
\ ¢ 
Reg. Office: 401-407, Nirman Vyapar Kendra, Plot No. 10, Sector 17, Vashi, Navi Mumbai - 400 703. INDIA 
Responsible Care 
Tel.: 022-6794 6600 * Fax: 022-6794 6666 * E-mail 
: alkyl@alkylamines.com * Web: www.alkylamines.com 
) 
  
November 9, 2021 
To, 
BSE Ltd. 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
P. J. Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 
— 400 023. 
Mumbai 
— 400 051. 
SCRIP CODE: 506767 
SYMBOL: ALKYLAMINE 
  
Sub.: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(listin 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements 
Regulations, 2015 
  
Dear Sirs, 
With reference to our letter dated October 26, 2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Wednesday, November 3, 2021. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For ALKYL AMINES CHEMICALS LTD. 
t= 
Chintamani D. Thatte 
General Manager (Legal) & Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer 
   
Encl.: As above 
  
: 
i 
d Worli, Mumbai - 400 018. INDIA 
Corporate Office: 207 A, Kakad Chambers, 132, Dr. Annie Besant Roa 
, 
Tel.: 91-22-2493 1385, 6748 8200 © Fax: 91-22-2493 0710 * CIN No: L99999MH1979PLC021796.

a) 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
‘Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited Q2 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call Hosted by HDFC Securities” 
sD) 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
MANAGEMENT: 
MODERATOR: 
November 3, 2021 
r 
cH 
on 
@ 
5s @c Ai 
Le 
1 
baer Akal 
Mr. YOGESH M. KOTHARI — CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, ALKYL AMINES CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
MR. KIRAT PATEL — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, ALKYL AMINES CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
Me. K. P. RAJAGOPALAN — CORPORATE ADVISOR, 
ALKYL AMINES CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Ms. KANCHAN SHINDE -- SENIOR MANAGER FINANCE 
& ACCOUNTS, ALKYL AMINES CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. CHINTAMANI THATTE — GENERAL MANAGER 
(LEGAL) & COMPANY SECRETARY, ALKYL AMINES 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
Mr. NILESH GHUGE — HDFC SECURITIES 
Page 
1 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Moderator: 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
November 3, 2021 
Ladies and gentleman good day and welcome to the Q2 FY22 earnings conference call of Alkyl 
Amines Chemicals Limited hosted by HDFC Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Thank you Jacob, good morning all. On behalf of HDFC Securities I welcome everyone to this 
Alkyl Amines conference call to discuss the results for the quarter ended September 2021. It is 
pleasure of having with us top management team from Alkyl Amines, represented by Mr. 
Yogesh M. Kothari — Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Kirat Patel — Executive Director & 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. K.P. Rajagopalan — Corporate Advisor, Mr. Chintamani Thatte — 
General Manager (Legal) & Company Secretary and Ms. Kanchan Shinde — Senior Manager 
Finance & Accounts. And without further ado, I will now handover the floor to the management 
for making the opening comments. Over to you sir. 
Thank you Nilesh, thank you HDFC Securities. It is a pleasure to talk to the investors and this 
time we are at a situation where the first 6 months have not been as good as what we were 
expecting. It was a challenging first 6 months but things are looking brighter now and we hope 
to do better in the coming months. For knowledge of our investors, I will make statement that 
we have started commissioning our Acetonitrile plant in couple of weeks or rather couple of 
days we should start the production. I would like to mention that this first 6 months or rather the 
last quarter was very challenging for us. Practically each and every raw material of ours, the 
prices had gone up, in some cases almost 200-300%. Acetic acid which is one of our major raw 
materials for making acetonitrile has a real turbulent time. The raw material which we were 
buying at in the range of Rs. 40-50 per kg went up to Rs. 110-120 kg and this is something the 
price rise was not so easy to be absorbed in our selling prices. However, in spite of that we did 
well, our plants were running very well and our efficiency also have improved. Our new plant 
in Dahej also will add to that and we have also started our new project which is coming up at 
Kurkumbh for manufacturing our higher Amines and this will be one of the largest plants in the 
world. This plant should come on stream in the end of 2022 and this will also add up much more 
to our topline. We are also in the process of putting up new projects which are based on our 
R&D developments and some of this will come up during the year. We have been fortunate that 
we were already into new products which are going into the requirement of the new drugs which 
are necessary for the COVID treatment. So, this all are looking positive for the company and I 
am very sure that our performance should improve much more than what has been there in the 
last 6 months. I would put it now, that maybe you should ask questions and then one by one our 
people will, we will be able to answer. I have with me here Mr. Kirat Patel, Mr. Rajagopalan, 
Mr. Chintamani and Ms. Kanchan Shinde, so amongst ourselves we should have most of the 
answers to your questions. I think I will ask you people to ask the questions now. Thank you. 
Page 2 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Moderator: 
Karan Khanna: 
Kirat Patel: 
Karan Khanna: 
Kirat Patel: 
Karan Khanna: 
Kirat Patel: 
Karan Khanna: 
November 3, 2021 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question, may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchtone telephone. The first question is from 
the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity and good morning Kirat Sir and Yogesh sir. Hope all well. So, sir 
firstly, we have seen that your margins have been impacted because of the raw material prices 
but your volume growth for the quarter has been fairly strong, however can you briefly talk about 
why sequentially also your quarter on quarter, there has been a decline in the revenue? And also 
split between volume and realization growth for the quarter? 
So, quarter to quarter we have had a decline of about 10% or so in largely in volume, due to few 
of our products, which go into Pharma and Agro, having issues with supply chain of our 
customers. 
I mean couple of things have happened which is that they buy alternate raw materials 
from other sources, mainly China and there has been a disruption in the supply of the other raw 
materials which they use for their APIs or the technicals and this has caused them to lower their 
production of the API and affected our volume growth, so the market has temporarily been upset 
by these small incidences and all in all, about 10% of our volume has been lost due to this market 
but we hope that all this will come back because the supply chain is getting sorted out and people 
are going back to the regular production. So, basically it is largely, it is a volume based, prices 
have been more or less constant, unable to pass on the full brunt of the raw material price rise 
but they have been respectably up. 
Sir on the raw material front, from your past experience, in quarter like these where you have 
seen a sharp impact because of the inflationary trend, post how many quarters were you able 
pass on these price hikes to your end customers and as a follow-up what are the trends that you 
are witnessing on the raw material front in the month of October and early November? 
The prices now of the raw materials seem to be stable, the volatility has kind of eased off, 
because I think it started with the crude prices going up and then resulting into petrochemicals 
and then downstream, so that seems to have stabilized a bit, whether it will remain at this level 
or go up or down is a bit difficult to predict but at the moment it seems to be stable and perhaps 
we hope that it has peaked, the raw material prices have peaked. 
And as a follow-up, talking about passing these on to your end customers, with a lag of one or 
two quarters. 
Yes, it takes about a couple of quarters before we can pass them on to our customers. We never 
manage to pass on the full brunt but most of it, on to the customer, some, things we will have to 
absorb. 
Sure, and lastly on the CAPEX front, can you please talk about your overall capacities for this 
Rs. 600-700 crore of planned CAPEX over the next 2-3 years and we have also seen share of 
exports have been declining and were below 90% 
in FY21, possibly because you were 
Page 3 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Kirat Patel: 
Karan Khanna: 
Kirat Patel: 
Moderator: 
Shridhara: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Shridhara: 
Kirat Patel: 
November 3, 2021 
prioritizing the domestic demand, but going forward do you have plans of setting up additional 
capacities to cater to the export market also because currently you are catering only to the 
roughly 10 countries? 
Okay let me first answer the last question which is the export, the export has done well, I mean 
in fact in the last quarter, the exports have been fairly strong and going forward we think that 
exports will increase with our new acetonitrile plant coming on stream. Yes, there are some 
logistical issues in the exports because of the container and shipping crisis all over the world 
which will hopefully get sorted out over the next 6 months and but at the same time I think our 
exports will probably play a larger role in our turnover than has traditionally happened. 
As far as our CAPEX is concerned and capacities are concerned, yes we have just finished 
implementing the acetonitrile plant which was about a Rs. 160 crore investment and hopefully 
that will start giving revenue in this month onwards. As far going forward, there are some small 
projects, one hydrogen plant and other such small projects which are due to be commissioned 
over the next 6 months but the biggest project of the lot is the Higher Amines project which has 
been put up in Kurkumbh, to the extent of about Rs. 350-360 crore which will be commissioned 
somewhere in December °22. So, this year our CAPEX would be between Rs. 170 — 200 crore, 
next year would be about the same. 
It will overlap between the higher amines plant and the 
acetonitrile and small other capexes. 
Sure and any sense on the overall capacities, is it you have the next ... 
I think we have earlier stated this that our aliphatic amines capacity will go up by about 30% 
once the Kurkumbh plant is on stream and acetonitrile as we have stated earlier, will go to about 
30,000 tons a year, from our current about 12,000 tons. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shridhara, an individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
My first question is on, are these prices at their peak now or based on your experience, you think 
there is still a chance of these prices going up, the raw material prices basically? 
I think these types of prices have not been seen too many times before, rather I have not seen 
such high prices before but this is all, it can happen anytime but we hope that it does not happen. 
Okay and my second thing is on, you mentioned about logistic issues, are we still facing some 
logistic issues, what kind of, is there container problems or what is it exactly? 
Yes, what happened I think a couple of months ago there was a shortage of containers that seems 
to have sorted out, however the freight rates are still fairly high compared to what we were used 
to in the past. For example, if something was around $2000 for a shipment, it has gone to $8000- 
Page 4 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Shridhara: 
Kirat Patel 
: 
Shridhara: 
Kirat Patel: 
Moderator: 
Kishan Gupta: 
Kirat Patel: 
Kishan Gupta: 
Kirat Patel: 
Kishan Gupta: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Kishan Gupta: 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
November 3, 2021 
$10,000, fortunately some of our higher value products are able to absorb that, so it is not such 
a big issue, but availability looks like is slowly being sorted out. The prices remain elevated. 
You mean to say there is a problem with availability of raw materials for us or..? 
No, you were talking about logistics, where is availability of containers and shipping. Where 
raw materials are concerned availability is not an issue, it is the price. Whether it is the chemicals 
or it is our utilities like coal and steel and all that, availability is there but the prices have gone 
very high, compared to one year ago, something like 100-300%, compared to even previous 
quarter they have jumped by 30-60%. 
Okay sir and in the meantime, the Chinese supply 
is getting now more into India in the 
meantime? 
Not really. In fact, Chinese imports specially going to the Pharma industry is having challenges, 
Pharma industry is having challenges because of that. And this is some where we are also getting 
hurt because our products which are being used by the same Pharma companies are getting 
affected in their purchase. We hope that this gets sorted out fast. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kishan Gupta from CDP Search. 
Please go 
ahead. 
Sir actually want to understand this how much of your this Rs. 350 crore revenue this time has 
come from acetonitrile? 
We do not actually breakup our revenue product wise because there are maybe something like 
30 products and each of them are contributing to some extent, the larger products may contribute 
between 10-15% of the revenue and the smaller products all the way to 1 and 2%. So, it is a wide 
range but we cannot comment on an individual product. 
So, you mean to say acetonitrile in any which ways will not be more than 15%? 
In which ways, in value of total sales right? 
And essentially if we see like at what raw material prices, you said acetic acid prices, is it viable 
for you to manufacture acetonitrile? 
So, we have been manufacturing even in hiked prices but our margins have come down in 
acetonitrile, so we hope that now it stabilizes because at the high price of the raw material it is 
difficult for our competitors also to produce than market. 
And what sort of challenges are you expecting or some sort of disruption in acetonitrile market 
because of your higher capacity is going on stream now? 
Page 5 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Kishan Gupta: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Kishan Gupta: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Moderator: 
Dhruv: 
Kirat Patel: 
Dhruv: 
Kirat Patel: 
Dhruv: 
November 3, 2021 
We do not expect too many disturbances but there are some new areas which are coming up 
within India as well as internationally, so from our point of view these are positive signs for us. 
We are very competitive in our production, so we can take the challenges as far as the pricing is 
concerned, earlier we did not have enough material to market, so that has now sort of ended and 
we will be able to sell more. 
So, as you said like, that you do not expect much disruptions, so like as you went about 
increasing your higher raw material price increases to customers, so what sort of pricing power 
because this is a Specialty chemical, so what sort of pricing power you have essentially in for 
acetonitrile you think? 
So, there is always a situation where you have to stop somewhere because your consumers also 
do not want to produce something at higher input cost but so far, we have been quite comfortable 
in selling our products and most of the consumers have not had any major issues with that. 
Because this much peak forming a very small percentage in their input cost. 
So, essentially you are saying that passing on raw material prices does not appear to be a big 
challenge, for acetonitrile? 
In some of the products but in two quarters it is not instant. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv from HDFC. Please go ahead. 
Sir just wanted to understand how does this global freight rate, sea freight rate changes influence 
our business, 
I am just wondering from an import perspective does it help us in pricing our 
product better because the imported landed price of the alternate product has become higher? 
Does that benefit us or no? 
Actually, the market share of imports for most of our products has been marginal, you know, 
5% to 10%. So they are not a key driver towards the price setting. We have about 30%, 40% of 
our turnover with internal competition. The remainder also, we have a very fairly dominant 
position in the market place, so it does not really play too much of a role, the imports. Yes, 
marginal help is there whenever there is some freight differential but people like the Chinese 
and all, adjust their prices accordingly. 
Okay, so I used to think that Methylamines are largely domestic, but Ethyl has a decent import 
share or that has reduced over the years? 
That has reduced. Between our two plants and Balaji’s plants, we must be having more than 80% 
market share between the domestic players itself. 
Okay, and methyl was anyways largely domestic. 
Page 6 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Kirat Patel: 
Dhruv: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Dhruv: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Dhruv: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Moderator: 
Reena Shah: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
November 3, 2021 
Yes, methyl was largely domestic because the freight is, you know transporting methylamine is 
a bit difficult because of the nature of the product. 
Got it, and sir the second and last question was on the Acetonitrile, if I am not wrong, the 
alternate is the Acrylonitrile, and Acetonitrile come as a bi-product of that. Now given for our 
route, the RM cost is increasing, does it and I am not sure what is happening with the alternate 
route, does it in any sense pose a challenge, even if the raw material prices stay at the current 
levels? 
Personally, 
I do not think so, because the alternate raw material, the input cost for them also 
have gone up. Plus the route which we are using, acetic acid route, and the product which comes 
out from that, is of a much higher purity with hardly any impurity y. So in many applications the 
route which we use, has 
a better application, better use. 
So we do not see any, the other 
Acrylonitrile route market share is not going to increase or the price is going to go down by that. 
Sir, are we starting to get a premium for our Acetonitrile versus the alternate route now? 
We always were getting you know because otherwise we would not have been able to sell at all. 
So for a Pharma application, if somebody has to buy Acetonitrile, given your purity level is 
better and they are 
I believe, in terms of quality requirements very particular, so the alternate 
will never be bought irrespective of the price, right? I mean whatever the price differential be. 
Difference again on end application, in some cases they were using it earlier also, which they 
can still use it, you know but if they are able to get something purer for the same application and 
at competitive prices, I am sure they would prefer to use the route which we use. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Reena Shah from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Hi Sir, thank you for the opportunity. 
I just wanted to ask on Acetonitrile itself, now what kind 
of market size which is there in India and over the globe which you are looking to capture, where 
I think how the global capacities, if you can give some light on how global capacities are there. 
As we have seen Balaji also expanding in this particular product, how the dynamics of this 
particular product would change from here? 
I think the international capacities are around 150, 000 tons to 200, 000 tons and some of which 
is in China, which is also using rather most of their production is via the route which we are 
using. Internationally in the Acrylonitrile route, I have not seen much changes taking place as 
such. And they are trying, they are trying to improve their own efficiencies by making sure that 
Acetonitrile production, which comes as a very small bi-product, is reduced you know, so to 
improve their own efficiencies. 
So, it is all a circular type of a thing where some kgs here and 
there makes a lot of difference. 
Page 7 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Reena Shah: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Moderator: 
Kavita Thomas: 
Kirat Patel: 
Kavita Thomas: 
Kirat Patel: 
November 3, 2021 
Okay and Sir, with this expansion of capacities, how much raw material that would, you have to 
import or you have to dependant on imports from other countries? 
Acetic Acid is the main raw material which we use, so that is all going to be imported. Ammonia 
also indirectly comes imported only, so it is all imported. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kavita Thomas from First Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes, good morning sir, thank you for giving me this opportunity. So I had just two questions on 
the margin front, now we always had margins which have been in upwards of 25%, 26%, I mean 
28%, 30% has been our EBITDA margins in the past, while this quarter it has come down to 
around 22%, largely as you explained because of increased raw material cost and obviously the 
other logistics related cost. So how do you think, will this you know because as you mentioned 
the logistic cost will take some time to normalize. So overall how do we see this situation getting 
back to normalcy, what are your views and could you throw some colour on that, Sir? 
Yes, 
so you know the EBITDA margins which you mentioned, 
earlier they have been 
fluctuating. Earlier it used to be between 18% and 22% and then has slowly started rising. About 
a year and a half ago and went up as you said, up to about 28%. Then the last couple of quarters, 
they have been dropping, that was the peak 28% and the 22% or 23% which is this quarter’s 
margins, something which we have, a result of the raw material price increases. The price 
increases are not necessarily due to logistical issues but because of the supply chain, from crude 
to petroleum products to downstream commodities, all the way prices have been rising and it 
has side effects on various things like coal, and coal has running effect on steel and generally 
the basket of goods which we buy, all the prices have risen. So that is the reason why the 
EBITDA margin have been squeezed, we have not been able to pass on this totally to the 
customers because it takes a couple of quarters before it is passed on. 
The other view also is, 
that we think that this is the highest we have seen of these prices and hopefully this is a trend 
which will now go in the opposite direction, if not at least stabilize. 
So, this is the overall view 
of why the EBITDA has gone up and down. 
Yes sir, thanks for the clarification. 
I only wanted to understand further in terms of like, how 
long do you think will this continue because though they have peaked out, as you said to pass it 
on to the customers it will take couple of quarters. 
So will be for, if there are logistical related 
issues primarily since we are importing Ammonia, Acetic Acid, so all these products, raw 
materials are at their peak in terms of prices. 
So, when do you think will situation get to a better 
scenario where raw material prices will soften and you know, will get back to a situation which 
we enjoyed probably a couple of quarters back? 
Very difficult to say because for example, I would just say that is it impossible for you to predict 
what the crude oil prices will be, which is the root cause of most of these price increases. So, it 
is the largest commodity in the world, and nobody is able to predict that so I would not venture 
Page 8 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Kavita Thomas: 
Kirat Patel: 
Kavita Thomas: 
Kirat Patel: 
Kavita Thomas: 
Moderator: 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Kirat Patel: 
November 3, 2021 
a guess about where the prices would go and my best guess is on the past and this seems to be 
the highest, we have seen, so hopefully it does not go further up and then heads now in the 
opposite direction. 
Also, sir I just wanted to understand in terms of like for these raw materials which we import 
and obviously there are disruptions even from China, so is it a possibility that we have some 
sources from India itself or is that kind of possibility there or we still have to depend on... 
Our raw materials are not coming from China. Our customer’s raw materials, some of them are 
coming from China. 
So, most of our raw materials are coming from the Middle East or Europe 
or America. 
I don’t think we are importing anything from China. 
Okay so as you indicated sir these prices are almost as you feel it is peaked out now. 
That is our best guess, we hope and we could turn out to be wrong, I mean people feel that $80 
barrel is high price but this has gone to $110 in the past also. 
Okay sir thank you so much for the clarification and wish you a Happy Diwali. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mr. Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Couple of questions from my side. 
Sir the first question is on the government production linked 
incentive scheme, it has been already 1-1.5 year announcing this PLI scheme, so what is the on- 
ground impact being observed by you, after this scheme announcement have you seen any 
change in demand or any projects which are coming up over next 2-3 years, so that they can take 
the benefit of the scheme announced? And what is the impact or the benefit to overall Amines 
industry? 
The PLI scheme is going to be rolled out over the next 5 years, definitely it will have an impact 
on the Pharma industry, 
it is one of those industries 
/ sectors which has been highlighted, 
however the bigger impact is the move away from China, more than just the PLI. Because the 
PLI will affect people’s margins by 
1 or 2%, considering the amount of money that has been 
promised to people based on production. As a major sector, Pharma sector is very optimistic of 
growth, both domestic and in terms of their export potential and the disruptions in China is 
helping Indian manufacturers quite a bit irrespective of the PLI, it is just the topping, it is not the 
real base cream, real thing is the change in the attitude of people to try and move to more to 
diversify their source of raw materials and 
And also, it will create lot more jobs, that the overall economy which in turn always helps most 
of the industries. 
Page 9 of 10

  
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited 
Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Kirat Patel: 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Kirat Patel: 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Kirat Patel: 
Moderator: 
Yogesh M. Kothari: 
Moderator: 
November 3, 2021 
I think it is just a small straw in the wind but the Pharma city outside Hyderabad that big multi 
acre site that the government is developing is totally sold out to the Pharma companies, you 
camnot buy another plot there. You can imagine what people are thinking forward or what they 
will be expanding. 
Okay, so sir second question on this on your product portfolio, see currently if I look at the alkyl 
amines products which are very close to APIs, maybe two steps away from APIs, so are there 
any plans of the company to enter into API manufacturing? 
Not immediately. 
And sir you touched upon this CAPEX plan, you are planning about 1.7 billion this year and 
next year as well, so apart from that for your future expansion are we looking for any land parcel 
in and around Maharashtra, or in Gujarat for the future expansion plan? 
Yes, we are looking for parcels of 100 acres, anywhere from 70-150 acres but I would also like 
to state that all our CAPEX requirement, all the plans which we have, I think till September of 
°23 or even later we have enough land available currently. 
Okay, so you are looking for the plant, land parcel for future expansion, beyond September 2023. 
Okay fine. And sir in our last interaction you said about the debottlenecking of brownfield 
expansion of your DMA HCL, so what is the current status of that and I would also like to know 
the status of your aliphatic amines’ expansion project? 
The aliphatic amines we said now, we are putting up a new project in Kurkumbh, with project 
cost of around Rs. 350-360 crore, which will come up end of ’22. And DMA HCL expansion is 
continuous. We go on adding capacities to our existing set up capacities and so every year you 
will see our capacity going up. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to management of Alkyl Amines Chemicals Limited for closing remarks. 
Well, thank you very much everybody and I hope that we have been able to clarify some of the 
points which have been raised. As I mentioned earlier that so far, this last first half has not been 
so good but it has not been so bad also, considering the conditions prevailing. As we mentioned, 
we hope that the raw material prices do stabilize and we are able to and our new projects which 
we have planned and one of them Acetonitrile which is just starting, that will add to our top line 
as well as bottom line. So, thank you very much and I thank my colleagues over here and I wish 
everybody a happy Diwali, thank you. 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference, thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 10 of 10
