ernaroueaRC 
RA 
  
| VIJAYA 
‘DIAGNOSTIC 
"CENTRE 
 
November 17, 2021 
To 
Listing Department, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI -400 051 
Company Code No. VUAYA 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI -400 001 
Company Code No. 543350 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings conference call organized on November 9, 2021, 
Please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized on November 9, 2021 post 
declaration of Financial Results for quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2021 for your 
information and records. The same is available on the website of the Company. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
yoru 
Anusha Kanumuru 
Company Secretary 
  
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited (Formerly known as Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Pvt. Ltd.), 
3-6-16 & 17, Street # 19, Himayath Nagar, Hyderabad-29, Telangana 
® 040-2342 0422 to 27 
| & info@vijayadiagnostic.com 
CIN No. U85195TG2002PLC039075 
The Ploneers in Diagnostic Medicare... 
  
  
  
 

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 09, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SUPRITA REDDY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
VIJAYA DIAGNOSTIC CENTRE LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL CHANDRA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC CENTRE LIMITED 
MR. NARASIMHA RAJU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
VIJAYA DIAGNOSTIC CENTRE LIMITED 
MR. SIVA - HEAD OF STRATEGY - VIJAYA DIAGNOSTIC 
CENTRE LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA KIRAN - INVESTOR RELATIONS - VIJAYA 
DIAGNOSTIC CENTRE LIMITED 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good Day and welcome to the Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited Q2 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Krishna Kiran from Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Krishna Kiran: 
Thank you Bikram. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to our second quarter FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call. I am Krishna Kiran from Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Investor Relations. 
We hope you have received Q2 FY2022 financials and the press release that we have sent out 
yesterday. With me we have our senior management team represented by Ms. Suprita Reddy – 
Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sunil Chandra - Executive Director; Mr. Narasimha Raju – Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Siva - Head of Strategy. We will begin the call with comments from 
the management team followed by interactive Q&A session. This call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantee of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and with that I will hand over the call 
to Ms. Suprita Reddy for the highlights. Over to you, Madam. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Thank you Krishna. Good afternoon everyone, I hope all of you are safe and healthy. I welcome 
you to our first investor call after the IPO. Our company got listed on the National Stock 
Exchange and the Bombay Stock Exchange on September 14, 2021. This being our very first 
investor call, I would like to start with a brief overview of our company and then hand it over to 
my colleagues who will elaborate on the company’s strategy and financial performance. 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre was founded in 1981 by Dr. Surender Reddy, our Executive Chairman 
with a vision to provide comprehensive diagnostic services of the highest quality under one roof 
at affordable prices. Over the years we have grown steadily by adopting a customer-centric 
approach. Vijaya is one of the largest and the fastest growing diagnostic chains in Southern India. 
As on September 30, 2021 the company has a footprint of 85 centres and 11 reference labs spread 
across 14 cities and towns in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, NCR and Kolkata. We serve around 
10,000 customers a day and perform around 9 million tests per year. All our labs are NABL 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 17 
accredited and three of our centres have NABH accreditation. We follow quality standards of the 
highest order. Ours was the second lab in India to have been accredited by NABL back in the 90s 
itself. Vijaya has been one amongst the first in the country to introduce new technologies and 
high-end specialty tests. We have an expert team comprising over 200 doctors with specialized 
and super specialized expertise and over 1000 technical staffs, who bring with them years of 
experience and skill enabling us to always offer the best and the most wholesome customer 
experience. We are one of the largest customer facing businesses in the country today. Our 
customer centric approach and the brand’s repute for high quality diagnostic services enabled 
higher brand recall in our core geographies. As a result, our business and revenue are majorly 
driven by individual customers. More than 90% of our revenue is generated through direct walk-
ins. Today our growth part supersedes the industry trend. Our EBITDA margins of over 40% is a 
record breaker and we always operate with a negative working capital. Vijaya operates on highly 
efficient and robust hub and spoke model wherein a full-fledged centre called the hub is 
established initially. Once operations stabilize smaller centres termed as spokes are added around 
it. Our service offerings range from basic pathology to high-end radiology. Being in the 
customer-facing business space our philosophy has always been customer first. We immensely 
value and appreciate the contribution of our employees some of them have been with us since 
inception. Vijaya has been recognized and rewarded time and again for superior quality services, 
the most prominent ones being one of the best healthcare brands, leading diagnostic chains and 
many more. During the first half of the current year we have opened five centres. A strong 
performance demonstrates the inherent strength of our unique business model. The revenue from 
COVID-based investigations has declined during the quarter, we are extremely glad to declare 
that in the current quarter there has been a strong year-on-year growth of 22% through non-
COVID investigations. I now hand over to Mr. Narasimha Raju, our CFO who will discuss the 
company’s financial performance. 
Narasimha Raju: 
Thank you, Madam. A warm welcome to everyone on the call. I will now share our performance 
for first half of the current fiscal. During H1 FY2022 the number of footfalls has increased by 
70% year-on-year from 1.06 million to 1.81 million. Number of tests up by 62% year-on-year 
from 2.80 million to 4.55 million. The strong growth in footfalls and tests is also due to low base 
in the corresponding previous period. Revenue per test stood at Rs.518 and revenue per footfall 
clocked at Rs.1,297. Consolidated revenue increased by 43% year-on-year from Rs.165 Crores in 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 17 
H1 of last financial year to Rs.235 Crores in H1 of current financial year. The growth was driven 
by 56% year-on-year growth in non-COVID business. Non-COVID business increased from 
Rs.133 Crores in H1 of last financial year to Rs.206 Crores in H1 of current financial year. 
COVID business declined by 10% from Rs.32 Crores in H1 of last financial year to Rs.29 Crores 
in H1 of current financial year. The contribution from COVID has come down from 20% of 
revenue in H1 of last financial year to 12% of revenue in H1 of current financial year. Our B2C 
share in revenue in H1 of current financial year stood at 93%. EBITDA grew by 66% to Rs.108 
Crores in H1 of current financial year from Rs.65 Crores in H1 of last financial year. EBITDA 
margin stood at healthy percentage of 45.9% witnessed an increase of 640 basis points to 
corresponding previous period. the PAT increased by 114% year-on-year to Rs.61 Crores. The 
cash and cash equivalent at the end of 30th September 2021 was Rs.229 Crores as against Rs.228 
Crores as at end of 31st March 2021. During the first half we have generated cash flow from 
operations of Rs.84 Crores of which the capex incurred was Rs.46 Crores and the capital 
advances to equipment suppliers like Phillips and Siemens for the upcoming branches amounts to 
around Rs.25 Crores. As on September 30, 2021 around Rs.12.7 Crores is a receivable from 
selling shareholders as part of IPO expenses which were subsequently received. Capex of Rs.46 
Crores includes Rs.35 Crores for acquiring a land in Hyderabad for setting up state of the art 
facility on our own premises. Return on equity for the current period stood at 28% and pre-cash 
RoCE stood at 45%. 
 
Now I will share the quarterly performance. Number of footfall for the quarter under review 
increased by 32% year-on-year from 0.66 million to 0.87 million. Number of tests also up by 
35% on year-on-year from 1.75 million to 2.36 million. Number of tests per footfall reached to 
2.72 which is higher than 2.69 in the last financial year. Revenue per test stood at Rs.477 and 
revenue per footfall clocked at Rs.1,295. The consolidated revenue stood at Rs.113 Crores which 
is similar to corresponding previous period. Please note that our non-COVID revenue increased 
by 22% year-on-year from Rs.85 Crores to Rs.104 Crores. COVID business declined by 70% 
from Rs.28 Crores in Q2 FY2021 to just Rs.8 Crores in Q2 FY2022. The contribution from 
COVID has come down from 25% of revenue in last year Q2 to 7.5% of revenue in the current 
quarter. Our B2C share in the current quarter stood at 93%. EBITDA came in at Rs.51 Crores 
which is similar to corresponding previous period. EBITDA margin is healthy at 45.4%, 
improved by around 10 basis points over corresponding previous period. The PAT increased by 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 17 
5% to Rs.28 Crores resulting in a PAT margin of 24.6%. Now I will hand over to Mr. Sunil 
Chandra, our Executive Director who will take us through the strategy going forward. 
Sunil Chandra: 
Thank you Raju. I would like to take you through the company’s future business strategy. As we 
had mentioned even during our IPO process, our focus is on expanding our presence in our home 
markets i.e. our core geographies of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. We plan to expand our 
footprint by setting up more spokes and hubs around this in the existing as well as new areas of 
these two states. As Suprita had mentioned, we have opened about five centres in the first half of 
this year and we are planning to open about 10 centres in the second half of the current financial 
year. So these will be in cities and towns in the home markets as well as adjacent geographies 
where our brand is recognized and regarded. We already have identified areas where we will be 
opening new centres in the current financial year as well as even going forward in the upcoming 
next few years. Also we have a focus on East India and as again we had mentioned earlier Vijaya 
operates in Kolkata through a hub center by the name of Medinova Diagnostic. It is a subsidiary 
of Vijaya and it is a BSE listed company that we have acquired in 2014. So during the pandemic 
our efforts under the Vijaya brand name have actually strengthened our presence in West Bengal, 
we have done a lot of COVID testing and other allied services in that area. Therefore we want to 
leverage the goodwill and the brand that we have built in that area by opening up new centres 
both in Kolkata as well as in other areas of Bengal and East India. This is the first results after 
our IPO, but as we mentioned, yes, we have already opened five centres in the first half of this 
year and we have about 10 centres that will be opening in the second half of the current financial 
year, which will contribute to our growth. The plans going forward are very much in line with 
what we have mentioned during our IPO road shows. We will continue to open more centres in 
our home market as well as in the adjacent geographies and East India. East is a key area for the 
company. It is an area of huge opportunity for the company. We will be happy to take any 
questions that people have now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have a first question from the line of Harith Ahamed from Spark Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is on the non-COVID revenues for 
the quarter so it appears that you have had a flat quarter on a sequential basis so given normal 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 17 
pathology testing across the country and even in your geographies was severely disrupted in the 
first quarter I was expecting a stronger recovery in the second quarter, so will you be able to give 
more color on the non-COVID revenues especially on a sequential basis? 
Narasimha Raju: 
Sure. We considered RT-PCR and COVID antibody tests as part of the COVID. So just like the 
other industry peers it if you consider D-Dimer and IL6 as part of the COVID and COVID allied 
test, we see a growth of around 12% sequentially from Q1 to Q2 and whereas when you compare 
year-on-year from last year Q2 to current year Q2, 28% is the growth in the non-COVID 
business. 
Harith Ahamed: 
That is helpful and then when you refer to COVID allied testing does that include a radiology 
component because I believe CT Scans and then some of the radiology tests also would have 
been part of COVID allied is that the way to look at it? 
Suprita Reddy: 
No, in fact that is the reason why we have only considered COVID to be RT-PCR and COVID 
antibody tests. So COVID allied testing we have only considered D-Dimer, and IL6 and nothing 
apart from those two and nothing from radiology. 
Harith Ahamed: 
My second question is to understand the profitability profile of our two segments radiology and 
pathology a little better, I understand there is a lot of shared costs and given these shared costs 
you would not be able to give specific margin numbers for the two segments but just trying to 
understand if our pathology margins are broadly in line with other larger listed players who are 
there who are exclusively into pathology almost and they have their margins at around 25% to 
30% so any benchmarking versus peers or any color around this that you can share will be very 
helpful? 
Narasimha Raju: 
Yes, as you rightly told since it is an integrated service offering giving both pathology and the 
radiology service under one roof, there are various common costs. That is the reason why we are 
not able to bifurcate the margin between these two segments; however, at the gross margin level 
definitely the gross margins are higher on radiology front and slightly lower on the pathology 
front. But when you ask me what is your pathology segment profitability as compared to the 
other industry peers, we cannot bifurcate our EBITDA margins of above 40% into these two 
segments. But I am quite confident considering our B2C share of revenue you might have noticed 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 17 
that more than 90% of revenue comes from B2C segment whereas in the other industry peers 
B2C segment revenue is not that much. Considering that one particular parameter I think we are 
at par with the industry or we will be slightly higher than industry but we do not have the exact 
split of this EBITDA margin but overall company EBITDA margins are above 40% and in the 
current quarter we achieved 45.4%. 
Harith Ahamed: 
That is helpful and you mentioned that you added five centres in the first half and you are 
looking at adding 10 more centres in the second half so going forward if I think of FY2023 and 
maybe FY2024 do you have any targets in terms of number of centres would be adding or should 
we think of this number of around 15 centres as the number of centres will be adding each year in 
the medium-term? 
Suprita Reddy: 
If you see even historically we have been growing at a good rate around 15% to 16% year-on-
year and we typically add around 14 to 15 centres with a mix of both hub and spoke. So we have 
clear visibility on that even for the next 2-3 years and that is what we can expect. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Just one clarification there when you talk about five centres added in the first half it is a mix of 
both hub and spokes or is it just spoke that you are referring to? 
Suprita Reddy: 
It is both hub and spokes. There is one hub and four spokes. We have also upgraded one of our 
spoke centres, and it is now a hub center. So if you actually look at it there are five centres and 
one upgraded center to a hub. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay understood. Thank you very much. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Ashika Jain from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Ashika Jain: 
Good day everyone. Sir, my first question is on your capex, in your opening remarks you 
mentioned that you have almost invested Rs.35 Crores to purchase a land in Hyderabad for your 
flagship center so just wanted to understand your thought process around opening another 
flagship center in Hyderabad or rather than settling on hub and spoke expansion are you seeing 
some demand uptick or any change in the business environment, some color on that would be 
helpful? Thank you. 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Suprita Reddy: 
So, in fact you are right so we did take up this property to build a center that would be company 
owned mainly because our model itself is unique and we focus on giving that experience. Being 
customer-centric model and most of the business coming into walk-ins if you look at the need of 
our business the chunk of the business happens during the first half of the day. So all the footfalls 
are concentrated in that time. Because of that we felt that we may not be giving  the same kind of 
experience because of the crowding happening in the near future. For that reason, when we found 
something with close proximity to our flagship center, we went ahead and took it also because 
the company will own a center of its own and we will also be able to maintain or maybe better 
the experience itself and also add a few more modalities in that area itself. That was the reason 
why we had acquired this land. 
Ashika Jain: 
Sure, that is helpful, and just followup on that so how should we see the capex number in H2 and 
also can you guide on the capex plans for the next two years? 
Narasimha Raju: 
As we mentioned earlier, the plan is to open at least around 15 centres each year. In the current 
year, we already opened five centres and 10 more centres we are planning to open. So the capex 
requirement for 15 centres with a combination of hub and spoke like 4 hubs and 11 spokes it 
comes to approximately like Rs. 70 to Rs.75 Crores.  
Ashika Jain: 
So just wanted to understand your outcome in your EBITDA margin even in this quarter where I 
had lesser COVID contribution your EBITDA margins are well above 45% plus now is it a 
sustainable run rate in your view or how should we see it going forward? 
Narasimha Raju: 
We are fairly confident on above 42% EBITDA margins going forward. In the current quarter we 
achieved 45.4% but we are fairly confident in the long-term above 42% EBITDA margins. 
Ashika Jain: 
Sure. Thank you, that is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Astha Jain from HEM Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Astha Jain: 
So, the question is regarding like if we see the industry result of peers like Dr. Lal etc. although it 
is not a fixed comparable but still the quarterly growth which the peers have shown and we are 
not able to, we have just posted flat growth so just wanted to know the reason behind it and what 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 17 
gives you so much confidence that you will be able to maintain the growth going forward so 
these are the two questions from my side? 
Narasimha Raju: 
If you look at our quarter-on-quarter growth from last year Q2 to current year Q2 by considering 
D-Dimer and IL6 as part of the COVID, it comes to 28% year-on-year growth we have shown in 
our non-COVID business and also sequentially as I already highlighted it is like a 12% growth 
from Q1 to Q2. In the past as you know we have grown at a CAGR of 15% to 16% and we are 
fairly confident that on an annual basis we will be growing at 15% to 16% comfortably because 
we have the organic plan of setting up 15 centres. In case if we do any good M&A acquisition 
that will add to this 15% to 16% CAGR growth that we are projecting. 
Astha Jain: 
Because what happened I think this is an industry-wide phenomena that the non-COVID 
revenues have shown a jump for all competitors or peers I should say but looking after that also 
the results were on a very much flat note so that is why we have this thing that what went to I 
mean not in the favor of a company or a company cannot post the growth figures as the others 
have shown? 
Siva: 
Just to add to what Raju just said, so last year Q1 and Q2 are a little bit unique in our geography 
as we said like we got the COVID testing permission from the state government only in the end 
of Q1 so there was a lot of rush for COVID testing in Q2. So Q1 was very low last year and there 
was a little bit of bulge in Q2 that was the reason these two quarters are not directly comparable 
when you compare with the other peers. So Q1 the base is lower, Q2 the base is a little higher. So 
if you see H1FY21 versus H1FY22 then we will be in a comfortable position. 
Astha Jain: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is related to the revenue per test, so that 
there I can fairly understand because of a COVID that number is going down so is it like we can 
assume this will go back to the pre-COVID level of around Rs.420 for Rs.428 what your sense is 
for the way forward? 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Siva: 
So the current run rate of average revenue per non-COVID test is around Rs.470 so we do not 
expect that to be at some Rs.420 or Rs.430 but comfortably it will be around Rs.470 to Rs.475. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So this number is excluding some allied test which you are referring to for the growth 12%, 
sequentially 28% of Y-o-Y growth, the excluding of that number you are saying this realization 
is a Rs.470? 
Narasimha Raju: 
Yes correct. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, thank you and the next question is related to the lease liability so I can see that from the 
March to September there is some 21% of increase in that lease liability so what is that for? 
Narasimha Raju: 
So this relates to the Ind AS leases accounting for the branches that we have taken on lease as 
you know in the current six months we opened five new centres which premises are taken on 
lease and also we have signed a few more lease agreements for the upcoming branches. So 
because of this new leases that are taken, the lease liability as per the Ind AS, lease liability has 
increased from Rs.136 Crores to Rs.165 Crores between March to September. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So for the future also you had some accounting because if I look at the rate for the 80 centres 
Rs.136 Crores and then 85 centres for Rs.166 Crores so rate if I look at it, it is on the higher side 
if I added five only then it is looking very high for a five centres rate? 
Narasimha Raju: 
We should not look at it proportionately because so on the day one when you are accounting it 
you will consider the entire 15 years of the lease expense you will consider and do it so gradually 
it will keep coming down. So now it is like many leases got completed for 10 years so the 
number that you are currently looking 136 is not comparable to calculate proportionately for five 
years. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Got it. Now the last question is related to the expansion plan as you had already highlighted at 
the 15 centres hub and spoke mix of that you are going to do is there any plan for some inorganic 
expansion in that and how is the mix for, you are largely in the Andhra and the Telangana and 
there is also presence in the East how will be mix of geography the way forward? 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Sunil Chandra: 
As we mentioned our focus is on our core home markets as well as east. Especially in the east, 
we have already started working on identifying locations for our own centres as part of our 
organic strategy. We are opening 15 centres in our home markets and east. Also we are now 
working on but we are quite keen to look at any kind of M&A or inorganic opportunity and as 
you and most of the other people on the call know there has been some amount of M&A 
happening in our industry so we are also quite actively looking at any opportunities that come our 
way. Hopefully if something attractive and also the valuation is viable for us, then we will 
definitely be keen to acquire and that will be inorganic growth. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So this 15 centers is for a home market only? 
Suprita Reddy: 
15 centres are not just home markets. They are also in adjacent geographies and some might 
come up in the east. We would not have exact details right now but it will be a mix of all. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nitin Raheja from Julius Baer. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Raheja: 
Hi Sunil, hi Suprita very good afternoon to both of you and congratulation on the results. I just 
wanted to get a little broader sense from you in terms of we have seen a lot of action happening 
in the industry in terms of the whole inorganic acquisitions that have been taken place and it has 
basically been the so-called players who are termed as national players who have been doing that 
now what do you think is driving this broader trend that the industry is seeing at one level and for 
someone like you who is a very strong or building a strong regional franchise how does that 
position you with respect to this? 
Sunil Chandra: 
There is two parts to that question. So one is because of our business especially if you look at us 
we are a strong B2C kind of a company, we are a brand in our home markets so when we want to 
go to a new geography obviously if we are able to find a good fit a good opportunity to acquire 
somebody with a similar kind of a brand value system then it does help us in terms of growing. 
Because they have also put in that effort into building a brand so that is the reason for anybody 
whether it is us or our peers if you want to enter a new market and acquisition of the right kind of 
partner will make it easier to ramp up in that market that is the logic there. Unfortunately because 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 17 
our business even today 18%, 19% is only organized it is a largely unorganized fragmented kind 
of business there is not too many I would say players who have built good businesses of some 
size or scale which can be acquired. So that scarcity as well as the need to grow has resulted in 
sometimes the valuations becoming a little stretched. so we are very keen to acquire if we find 
some suitable opportunity in the markets of interest but we will have to balance that with the 
valuations and whether those valuations are attractive for our company, for our shareholders 
because paying a unreasonable valuation will not really serve the interest of the company. 
Nitin Raheja: 
So my question also was that why is this flurry of activity happening at this stage or now is it 
something that is being led by any sort of change coming about in the industry and business led 
by technology or something which is causing this sudden spurt and activity taking place? 
Sunil Chandra: 
No I think technology is anyway there and I think everybody is adopting digital and technology. 
If you were to look at it from the recent couple of 2-3 transactions that have happened it is more 
of acquiring new markets. Some of our peers have acquired companies which give them a new 
presence in a different region and that’s kind of what everybody wants right. They do not want to 
be seen as just one region so they want to expand to other regions and that is maybe one of the 
reasons why they have done these acquisitions. 
Nitin Raheja: 
Is there something to it that if you really see even today the so-called national players as we club 
them actually very strong regionally so for example the Dr. Lal was very strong in the north or 
Metropolis was very strong in the west but the business had so far grown in a way and manner 
where you had very strong regional players actually who were taken over initially local regional 
small unorganized players and now suddenly is there something about this business which causes 
it to be so strong reasonably and now things are changing where people want to think nationally 
and so on and so forth? 
Sunil Chandra: 
I cannot comment about the industry but yes if you look at our model we are very B2C focused 
and what we have always believed in is that when we have patients who walk into our centres 
then that kind of builds a sustainability in terms of these patients being our customers for the 
long-term and also the profitability is higher compared to if you do a B2B model. So that is really 
how we have built our business model and obviously yes it is I would not say regional but when 
you go to a new geography it takes a little time to build that brand so you cannot just say I will be 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 17 
national and open centres all over the country and expect to build a brand overnight. So I think 
our concentration is on building a deep focus on the markets that we are currently present in and 
we want to do this by putting a density of centres and make sure we do not dilute our profitability 
also. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Also COVID itself has created a lot of awareness among people and the expectations have risen 
so if you look at it we are uniquely placed in terms of that B2C and the customers was always 
coming to our centres and if you look at largely the unorganized sector when they do visit those 
centres, the entire experience, the technology, the TAT, the feel to it, all these make a difference 
and that is changing a bit and that is also accelerating the growth faster now. 
Nitin Raheja: 
How big will the east be for you in a few years from now? 
Sunil Chandra: 
The plan obviously over the next four years is to build it into a second alternate market and if you 
look at the broader strategy maybe we go to about right now we are at about 80, 85 centres if we 
go to about 140, 150 centres I think about probably about 15% or so should be east it is not an 
exact number but that is what we are hoping that it will get to. 
Nitin Raheja: 
Right. Thank you. Thank you guys, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Harshit Dhoot from Premji Invest. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Thanks and congratulations for a good quarter month. So Sunil two questions specifically so one 
is on the cost of per center of the new center specifically so I think our broader capex of around 
Rs. 75 Crores for opening up four, five centres, so did the center where more on hub side and 
much less on spokes and going forward it is going to be more spokes because per centre cost 
looks a bit high and the second one is more with respect to the revenue growth itself so I think as 
you pointed out that 2Q last year was a aberration given the high amount of D-Dimer, etc., but in 
general when we look at from pre-COVID level what is your sense of the recovery rate in general 
for the non-COVID part? 
Narasimha Raju: 
Harshit, I will take up the capex part of it. For the current six months you might have seen Rs.70 
plus Crores Capex in the cash outflow out of which the actual capex for the first six months is 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 17 
approximately Rs.46 Crores and the balance was almost like a Rs.25 Crores was on account of 
CWAP and the capital advances that we gave it to Phillips and Siemens for the upcoming 
branches which you will see in the next six months because you need to give this advance so that 
right time you will be able to get the equipment and then you will be able to start the center as 
per the planned scheduled dates. Out of the Rs.46 Crores, Rs.35 Crores was towards the 
acquisition of the land for the state-of-the-art facility that we explained and the balance with 
Rs.11 Crores is the capex. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Harshit normally there is not so much of capex paid in advance. Because of COVID and import 
restrictions and lot of other factors, we had to place orders normally six to seven months prior 
because there is acute shortage of equipment coming into the country itself. 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Got it, Madam, and the other one is on the general revenue part. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Yes, you also asked us about the recovery rate so we would look at the recovery rate to be around 
85% to 90% approximately. 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Okay, this is even today because so there is room for the entire non-COVID business to get to 
fully recover? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Yes absolutely. 
Harshit Dhoot: 
Okay got it perfect thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for taking followup questions. Just to followup on the last query that is related to the 
capex as was mentioned that Rs.46 Crores for the first half for five centres that looks little higher 
than what you are guiding for Rs.75 Crores 15 centres so is it because of a hub you have opened 
that is why or how is it? 
Narasimha Raju: 
No, it also includes as we mentioned there is also an upgradation of the existing center as well 
apart from these five centres so that is the reason why the overall capex for the six months is just 
11 Crores as against for the 15 centres we budgeted Rs.70 to Rs.75 Crores but we spent only 11 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Crores towards these five centres and also one upgradation plus a few plant and machinery 
Capex at the existing centres. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Next question is related to the centres which you are running or you are opening right now. How 
much is the capability for the test to handle. So, if I look at your historical last three years 
numbers the test per center which is continuously dropping so is it because you are more 
including spoke is it because of that or how to look at this number. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Sorry Praveen did not understand that … 
Sunil Chandra: 
You said we are dropping I do not think so. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Test per center so basically in FY2019 you have 61 centres then 73 then 80 and if I look at your 
total number of test performed in the year it is a test for center if I look at calculate it is a 
dropping so that is why I am asking like is it because of a spoke centres you are increasing higher 
number or how to look at actually or how much is the capability for the test per center for your 
service? 
Siva: 
There are two things to this one is the five centres that we have opened during the current year 
were in the months of August and September due to COVID second wave we could not open in a 
quarter one so that they were recently added, the other thing is if you see even last year so we 
opened seven centres out of which again majority of the centres are opened in the last two 
quarters after COVID first wave. One thing they have not come to the full potential so that is the 
reason because the number of centres have added but the capacities had to be build so you see 
that numbers dropping. 
Sunil Chandra: 
Also it is better to look at footfalls Praveen because if you look at somebody adding more spoke 
the number of tests may be lower in a spoke than a hub but your EBITDA margins on a spoke 
center are higher than in a hub. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Also to add to that Praveen even though we said that the previous question somebody had asked 
if you look at Q1 to Q2 also basically our average tests have increased your non-COVID business 
is increasing gradually normalcy is coming in and averaged tests are also per footfall increasing. 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 Praveen Sahay: 
Great thank you for such a great explanation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Anuj Suneja from ICICI Prudential. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Suneja: 
Hi everyone. So my question is regarding the Gurgaon centre that was opened up what are the 
future plans for that and what is the current situation for the centre? 
Suprita Reddy: 
So the Gurgaon centre like we had mentioned earlier was actually opened up a few years back 
this was a model that we tried and tested to build only to do more of corporate work being in that 
particular region. So if you look at all other geographies that we have gone to, we have gone in 
with a large hub center and after the hub stabilizes we add on the spokes to it but whereas in the 
Gurgaon centre it is only a centre that focuses on health packages, corporate packages and 
wellness so since we did that and it has been doing decently well for corporate and wellness 
business we have left it at one centre rather than focusing growing in that geography because we 
see a lot more growth happening in our home centres and east so we have decided to focus on 
this area and not do anything more in the Gurgaon as of now. 
Anuj Suneja: 
So another followup on this, is that centre like pathology heavy? 
Suprita Reddy: 
That is absolutely pathology heavy and when we say imaging it is morally into corporate 
wellness like your 2D echos and TMTs and screening testing that is all. It does not even have 
high-end radiology in it. 
Anuj Suneja: 
Could you give a percentage in terms of what kind of revenue is coming from there? 
Narasimha Raju: 
Approximately 0.5%. 
Anuj Suneja: 
Okay, perfectly right. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participant I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Suprita Reddy for closing comments. Over to you Madam! 
Suprita Reddy: 
Thank you. To sum up we believe we have built a very trusted high quality and reliable brand of 
choice over the last four decades. Thank you once again for taking out time to be part of this 

 
 
 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
November 09, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 17 
discussion. For any further information we request you to get in touch with Krishna or our 
external investor relation advisors Orient Capital and they would be happy to help you. Thank 
you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Madam. Thank you to the members of management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf 
of Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining 
with us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
