- ca L4.I S.a iJ
rqrH€S
(`]i{dqla;il ffliJT3Fq)    (th en€ F  : L65910DL1986G01026363)
fry  5rfu : H a  i3i6&i349, EftH@ ife. ft 8rfe. fbaife c5i5aEi 50-a, a". a! ftal-110021
a=aiii5i   :    011-24100385
INDIAN  RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION  LTD.
(A Government of India  Enterprise)   (CIN  :  L65910DL1986G01026363)
Regd. Office :  Room Nos.1316 -1349, 3rd  Floor,   The Ashok,   Diplomatic Enclave:-50-8, Chanakyapun,  New Delhi-110021
Phone  :  011-241oo385,  E-mail  :  info@irfc.nic.in,  Website  :  www.irfc.nic.in
No: IRFC/SE/2021-22/54                                                                                   8th November, 2021
National  Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited
Listing department, Exchange Plaza,
Listing Dept / Dept of Corporate Services,
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
P) Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400 051
Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Symbol: IRFC
Scrip Code: 543257
S!±b: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call
Sir/ Madam,
Pursuant  to  Regulation  30  of  the  SEBI   (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosures   Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, please find attached transcript of earnings call
held with analysts and investors , to discuss the Financial Results of the Company for Q2/ FY22.
This is submitted for your information and record.
Thanking You,
For Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limit
ay Babulal Shirode)
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl: As Above

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 02, 2021 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PRITESH BUMB - DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED. 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMITABH BANERJEE – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - INDIAN RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
                                    MS. SHELLY VERMA – DIRECTOR FINANCE - INDIAN 
RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION LIMITED 
 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Good day and welcome to the IRFC Q2 FY2022 earnings conference call hosted by Dam 
Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Pritesh Bumb from Dam Capital 
Advisors Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Thank you, Janice. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Dam Capital, I would like to 
welcome Mr. Amitabh Banerjee – Chairman and Managing Director of Indian Railway 
Finance Corporation Limited to give his opening remarks, highlights of financial 
performance followed by Q&A. Now, I would like to hand over the conference to the 
CMD. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Good afternoon everyone, all my valued investors as well as all the other stockholders, very 
happy Dhanteras to each and every one of you along with your family. I will just go through 
the presentation. I hope everybody has got the presentation. IRFC happens to be the 
dedicated market borrowing arm of Indian Railways, which we have financed 67.3% last 
year out of total capex outlay of just above 151000 Crores of Indian Railways, we have 
financed about 104369 Crores last year as you all know, which constituted about 57% of the 
total capital outlay. That was the highest ever annual disbursement to date since 1986 at 
104369 Crores. Our AUM has grown at 35.70% in H1 that is the AUM has grown at 35.7% 
this H1 as compared to last H1 and now it stands at 3.82 lakhs Crores that Rs.3.82 trillion. 
 
We have got a strategic relationship with MOR, MOR being the major shareholder of IRFC 
with 86% shareholding and also MOR also happens to be the almost sole client accounting 
for 98% of the total AUM. We have a cost plus standard lease agreement with MOR every 
year. We add a certain percentage of margin over the weighted average cost of capital every 
year while entering into a standard lease agreement with Ministry of Railways. There has 
been a consistent spread on both the rolling stock as well as the project assets over the last 
three years even starting from 1986, there has been a consistent spread for one particular 
year where there has been a dip in the spread and thereafter it has always been in constant. 
 
Now IRFC happens to enjoy the highest credit rating from all the top credit agencies in 
India at AAA, as we have diversified funding sources both in the country as well as 
overseas and we are characterized by competitive cost of borrowing with a view to keep the 
financing cost low so that the viability of the railway projects and the rolling stock 
acquisition by Indian Railways remains intact and we also have a very strong asset liability 
management in place and the cumulative gap over five years has always been nil.  

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
As far as the net worth is concerned, the net worth to end of H1 FY2022 has grown to 
38917 Crores. As you are aware in this half year ending September 30, 2021, the profit has 
grown by 59% over the corresponding period of the previous year and the revenue from 
operations has grown by 26% again on a half yearly basis. The return ratio I will come to 
later, they are pretty healthy and better than what we had last year and IRFC also enjoys the 
regulatory exemptions from various government agencies. We are exempt from the RBI 
asset classification norms, provisioning norms, exposure norms and so on and so forth and 
as of now, we do not pay any tax, we are actually after having opted for the normal tax 
rates, we are liable to pay corporate tax rates at the normal rates and because of the presence 
of the unabsorbed depreciation in our books of account which happens to be more than the 
net profit, the taxable income comes to zero. Therefore, we are not liable to pay any tax 
because this has been the case from the last financial year. 
 
Now, if you look at the penetration of Indian railways vis-à-vis those of other railways you 
will see that in Russia or USA where the route limited by million population of the order of 
592 and 464 respectively, in India it is only about 50 kilometer per million population, 
which signifies that there is a lot of scope for further penetration into the Indian mainland 
and therefore there is a lot of scope for further capex expansion of Indian railways in times 
to come and which is also the fact that is a very ambitious national rail plan 2030, which is 
in place which is a part of the national infrastructure pipeline. 
 
Now, MoR increasing dependence on IRFC for financing is evidenced by this particular 
graph which shows that it has increased from 36% in FY2018 and at that time it was 
already 102000 Crores was the capex outlay of Indian railways at that time of which we 
financed about 36% and last year it was 155200 Crores, and as I said earlier they have 
touched 67.3% of the total capex outlay of Indian railways so it has increased from 36% in 
FY2018 and 39.40% in FY2019 to 48.2%, so they have been galloping ahead as far as the 
proportion of capex outlay is concerned and IRFC has been playing a strategic role in 
financing the growth of Indian Railways. 
 
The assets under management if you see it has grown substantially from 154535 Crores to 
382000 Crores to end of September 30, 2021, so it is a huge jump and if you see the 
disbursement for this Q2 about 18256 Crores as against 8270 Crores in Q1 and to end of H1 
FY2022 the total disbursement is of the order of 26526 Crores as against 18565 Crores in 
the corresponding half year of the previous year of FY2021. Now, if you see the AUM 
breakup 98% as I said is of Minister of Railways. The breakup of 98% is 53% is constituted 
by the advance against railway infrastructure assets that is the advance that we have given 
against the project assets of the order of 2.01 lakhs Crores and the lease receivables on an 
account of loans given for procurement of rolling stock that stands that 174000 Crores, so 
53% is accounted for the project and 45% is accounted by the rolling stock and the rest 2% 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 15 
is on an account of loans given to the other PSU like RVNL/IRCON which stands at about 
6852 Crores. 
 
As I said earlier it has been on the remaining cost at 40 bps over the weighted average cost 
of capital in case of rolling stock and 35 bps in case of project assets and there has remained 
constant over the last three years. The borrowing mix if you see it is a pretty diversified 
borrowing portfolio. The major part of it is constituted by the domestic bond including the 
taxable bonds, the tax free bonds as well as 54 capital gains bond, which constitutes about 
49% of the total borrowing portfolio followed by rupee term loans structured loans from the 
bank's and financial institutions, which stands at 27% of total borrowing portfolio then 
followed by ECB which was about 15% of the total portfolio and then we have 5% NSSF 
that is the national small savings fund. 
 
The borrowing mix as of September 30, 2021 if you see there has been a jump in case of 
both RTL as well as domestic bonds. The RTL has grown from 22% to 27% and the 
domestic bonds has really come down from 59% of the total portfolio to 49% and there it 
has been taken over by the rupee term loans and ECB. ECB was 10% in the FY2021 at that 
point of time and to end of September 30, 2021, the ECB has grown to 16%. This is the 
total borrowing mix to end of September 30, 2021. As far as the rating is concerned it is 
AAA by all the rated agencies and at the international level we are at par with that of the 
sovereign with Moody’s and BBB- with a stable outlook. 
 
The net interest income for H1 was 3041 Crores and the PAT is at 3003 Crores. The 
operating expense as we have been maintaining always it is very, very low at 0.12% and in 
H1 also this trend has been continuing. It is a lean organization with low establishment 
costs and overhead with other incidental expenses also on the low side. IRFC has been 
giving out a consistent financial performance over the years with the return ratio, which you 
see in return on assets that has grown to 1.47% annualized to end of September 30, 2021 
and ROE is at 15.4% for this H1 and the capital adequacy ratio has grown to 465% with a 
net getting issue of 8.81 at the end of H1 of FY2022. 
 
Net interest margin has grown from 1.45% to 1.64% annualized to end of September 30, 
2021. The key ratios are, the net interest margin as I have said earlier is 1.64%, return on 
equity is 15.4%, and net gearing ratio is 8.81% and 465% is capital adequacy. Now the 
revenue from operations is at 9272 Crores, which has grown by 26% over the 
corresponding period of the last year and the profit has grown from 1886 Crores in the 
corresponding period last year to 3003 Crores this year registering a growth of 59%. Net 
worth has grown from 31686 Crores to 38917 Crores in the H1 ended September 2021 
registering a growth of 23% and total borrowing has also gone up from 245000 Crores to 
end of September 2020 to 342000 Crores registering a growth of 40% in September 2021. 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
The EPS is 2.3 and ROE is 15.4%, 1.7% is ROA and NIM is at 1.64% which we have 
already dealt with and the total borrowing as I have already told you, the maximum portion 
is of domestic bonds which is at 1.69 lakh Crores out of a total borrowing of 3.43 lakh 
Crores closely followed by rupee term loans that 91900 Crores, which is about 27% of the 
total borrowing portfolio. I think that comes to the end of the presentation and I am open to 
the question. You can please start asking the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Hardik Jain from Whitestone Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Hardik Jain: 
Good evening, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, although our capital adequacy ratio is 
quite high, but our net gearing ratio is around nine times, so what are your thoughts on this 
because can we go up to say eleven, twelve, thirteen times gearing ratio, because why I am 
asking this question is because for say in this year you will add say 6000, 7000 Crores to 
your net worth, but if we leverage it only nine to ten times then the incremental ROE gets 
diluted is it not? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, you are right, absolutely right and then if you recall in the last investors call also after 
the Q1 results we had dealt with this point also at that of point of time also I had 
specifically mentioned that we are okay with going beyond ten also as far as the debt equity 
is concerned with a high capital adequacy ratio, I think we should be okay with going 
beyond 10 in times to come. 
Hardik Jain: 
And in case you go beyond ten, say go eleven, twelve so how does credit rating agencies 
view this, does it impact our ratings? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, it does not impact the ratings, we have already got the premiums from the creditors also 
and they have also okay, there has been no issue on part of the creditors as far as this. 
Hardik Jain: 
So increase will not impact the ratings? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
It would not at all impact the ratings. 
Hardik Jain: 
Thank you, that is it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Khurana from Insight Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Khurana: 
Good evening, Sir. I wanted to ask that you said that you borrow from the market and then 
deploy with the railway, so what is the strategy, do you first borrow and keep the fund with 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 15 
you and as and when the railways ask for the money you disburse or it is that the railways 
first demand then you will start the borrowing?  
Amitabh Banerjee: 
That is a good question, nobody has asked this question earlier, it is a very pertinent 
question. The sequence is like this, we get the demand from the railways first and then we 
borrow the money and then we disburse the amount to Indian railways, but all of this 
happens in one day itself the reason is being that we keep the sources of borrowing ready 
with us and as soon as we get the requisition from the Ministry of Railways, we borrow the 
money. Now the point is that you would be knowing that our business model is the financial 
leasing model, so we basically buy these assets and then lease them to on a financial terms 
to the Ministry of Railways that is the allocation of business rules we cannot directly lend to 
Ministry, no Ministry other than Ministry of Finance can directly borrow from the market 
so on that logic we also cannot directly lend to the Ministry of Railways, so we buy these 
assets and then give it on these terms to Ministry of Railways. Having said that what we are 
doing that we get our loan sanctions ready from the commercial banks as well as the rupee 
term loan and other sources of financing we keep it ready except the bond issues because 
the bond issues we do only at certain point of time. 
Sandeep Khurana: 
What specifically I am referring to the domestic bonds you said 59% of this 59% how much 
is the tax free bond, or the tax savings bond? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, I will tell you. It is not as question of tax free bonds, tax free bonds were issued only up 
to 2015-2016 thereafter we have only been with taking the taxable bonds because we could 
not get the go ahead signal from Ministry of Finance, we have to get the approval of 
Ministry of Finance and they will not get the approval beyond that, but tax free bonds 
would not be the major portion it will the minor portion of the total bond issued and the 54 
AC  bond, now what happens is yes, the bond issues takes time so what we have is that we 
generally know that there are certain demands from the railways especially on the rolling 
stock fund, which we know that at the end of the month it would be, I mean generally we 
give at the end of the month, therefore we time the bond issuance in such a manner that the 
day that we have the pay against the bond issuance we are able to disburse the same to 
Ministry of Railways on the same day, very important fact here is that we do not keep the 
cash with us, you will be surprised to know that IRFC does not keep cash, it is a back to 
back arrangement we do not keep it with us so your point is that this is the point of 
concern? 
Sandeep Khurana: 
Yes, that is the point of concern? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, in what manner you tell me? 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Sandeep Khurana: 
No, I said things may getting above the 8.1 and you said that can go up to 10 also, so that 
means you must be having idle cash? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, we are not having any idle cash, that is not an indicator of any cash reserves, we do not 
have any idle cash, it is absolutely back to back. 
Sandeep Khurana: 
I have just one more question and it is very important, in IRCTC the Ministry of Railway is 
a one circular they have to withdraw so it is basically dictate of the Ministry of Railways, so 
do you see any possibility of any such dictate come in a year, for example reducing the 
margin for you, is that a possible reason? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Absolutely ruled out, it is ruled out. 
Sandeep Khurana: 
Do you have contracts with the Ministry of Railways when you enter into a lease 
arrangement or borrowing and lending arrangement with the Ministry of Railways? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, of course we enter into lease agreement every year. 
Sandeep Khurana: 
My concern is I am a very larger investor, I have deployed huge resources so this company 
is my own company and I have deployed very large sum, so my concern is similar ailments 
would be there for IRCTC also they must be having some arrangement with the Ministry of 
railway and one fine day one circular comes okay you sharing is now 50:50 between the 
Ministry of Railway and IRCTC on the convenience fee, so do you see any possibility here 
also? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, I have ruled that out, there is no possibility of going down, there may be a possibility of 
going up in days to come, as far as going down is concerned there is no possibility because 
you are charging a very low margin and we are in regular discussion with the ministry and 
there is no such call. 
Sandeep Khurana: 
I really appreciate for giving me time sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from KIFS Trade Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Thank you very much for taking the question. Can you share something on our dividend 
payout policy, if it is stated? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
So, the dividend payout policy we are basically governed by the DIPAM guidelines in this 
regard and that says that 30% of PAT or 5% of net worth, whichever is more. So, we 
generally stick to that guideline in that respect last year we had paid more than 31% of the 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 15 
total PAT by way of dividend and this year also we have announced the interim dividend of 
1000 Crores and we will be guided by this guideline only and we will not go below this 
guideline. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
It is around 30% only not like 40% or 50%.  
Amitabh Banerjee: 
We will try because you see we are an NBFC so we need to build our net worth also in 
order to raise funds from the market, so if go overboard as far as the dividend distribution is 
concern then it might be counterproductive for the interest of organization. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
So, that may this year if the earning are likely to be 5 so maybe you will be declaring 1.5 to 
1.6 as the dividend? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, it depends. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good evening, Sir and thanks a lot for taking my question. So, the first question is that the 
tax benefit you said that we have is it sort of perpetual benefit for us or at what point of time 
do you see that we will start seeing 25% corporate tax? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
You see the point is that we are subject to this rate of taxation only, only thing is that since 
we have a huge unabsorbed depreciation balance that is why which is more than the net 
profit, so the net taxable income comes to below zero, so that is why we are not required to 
pay tax. Now really in the sense that since the asset base is going up and the obvious effect 
is that the depreciation has also been accumulating, the unabsorbed depreciation would be 
accumulating, so in the foreseeable future say for the next decade or so we do not foresee 
any kind of tax payments under the exempt tax regulations, we are not required to pay the 
tax at least going forward because this balance of the unabsorbed depreciation would be 
going up over the years with the acquisition of more asset. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, Sir. Secondly, you know one thing which I could not understand is, if I 
calculate the revenues as a the percentage of the assets that we have, which is 3.7 lakhs 
Crores so it comes to around 5%, now if you have a spread of around 40 basis point and you 
have leverage let us say nine times, so you get additional 360 basis points, 9x40 basis 
points, so more return on equity in a way because there is no tax and no provisions for bad 
loans so you have a return on equity sustainably should be blended yield on asset, which is 
5% calculated plus your leverage that is there which is 360 points as the current leverage, 
which is around 8.6%, but your calculated ROE comes to around 15% for this quarter, so 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 15 
what explains that anomalies and what are our sustainable number for return metrics on 
equity and assets? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
You see as far as this is not an anomaly basically one thing that we are not only utilizing the 
amount which we are mobilizing through the loans or the issuance of bond, be it short-term 
or the long-term or the ECB portion, but also we are utilizing the funds from the net worth 
from equity infusion by the government as well as mobilised now after the IPO and the 
reserves and surplus so those that actually accounts for the higher ROE apparently which 
does not really match with the margin that we are charging for Ministry of Railways, so 
currently it might seem to be on the higher side, but that we are basically leveraging on the 
other sources of finance, which does not involve any cost. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, what is the rate of interest that you are charging to Indian Railways? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
What we are charging is 0.4% over the marginal weighted average cost of borrowing in a 
particular year, right, so if my weighted average cost is 7% then I charge 7.4% on Indian 
Railway as far as rolling stock is concerned again is the case with project asset if it is 7% 
we charge 7.35% so that is the way we are structured. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
What will be your marginal borrowing cost right now we can average? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
The weighted average cost was 6.51% at the end of March 2021. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
I think 6.5% than your leverage life times on 40 basis point, so we will have around 10% 
return on equity, 6.5% is in the previous on your equity? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
360 basis point additionally on your leverage so then it is a big ROE for our business is that 
the right way of looking at? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
I do not know what is the formula that you have employed, but you are saying that 6.51% 
would be, you see it is not the 65.1%, it will be about 7%. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So, 7% on equity and then 360 basis more? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, you see these are available in the excel, if you calculate you will find out that there is 
no anomaly, whatever the ROE is actually accurate, so you can just get in touch with our 
GM and he will tell you the exact calculation, so there is no anomaly whatsoever. 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, the other thing is more pertaining to the business side which is like we were 
hearing that not only the railways other body should also be invited for competitively bid 
for such projects, so my question is that for railways they also want some other body also to 
finance the project in addition to IRFC, is there monopoly which is there, you know highly I 
looked at it because tomorrow someone else can also fund these things at a very competitive 
cost maybe at a cost better than your also so in which case do you see that possibility 
happen? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
That is a good question, now the point as of now IRFC happens to be the dedicated market 
borrowing arm of Ministry of Railways, so as of now it enjoys monopoly, but it does enjoy 
the monopoly not on the basis of the way it has been formed or the relationship between 
Ministry of Railways and IRFC that they can only take money through IRFC that is not the 
case, if they want they can go to any other financing institution also, I mean nothing 
prevents Ministry of Railways even now also if they feel that they are not getting the least 
cost financing from IRFC they would definitely go to other NBFCs also who are there in 
various other sectors like PFC, REC I mean there are so many others NBFCs are there, but 
if you look at the average cost of borrowing of these organizations vis a vis the IRFC you 
will see that the IRFC enjoys a lot of cost advantage vis-à-vis these organizations, we are at 
least 15 to 20 bibs lower in the market as compared to other NBFC in the market so we get 
the money from the market at the least cost possible and that is borne out by facts and that 
is borne out, I mean if you look at the net also you will see that we enjoy best rate as far as 
the fund mobilization is concerned, nothing prevents Ministry of Railways, in some projects 
like dedicated freight corridor or in case of high speed rail, they have taken finance through 
Ministry of Finance that is G2G kind of a borrowing they have taken or World Bank, but 
that is G2G I mean that is not through any financing institution, but as far as the EBR is 
concerned that is the extra budgetary resources are concerned, we still enjoy the same status 
that we have enjoyed so many years and that we still happen to be the dedicated market 
borrowing and going forward I do not foresee any other organization who will be able to 
match the cost of fund in that we arrange as on date. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, and in the opening remarks you had mentioned that except for one particular 
year since inception which was 1986 this spread of point 0.4% and 0.35% has been 
maintained, so if you share some light on what was the circumstances and which year the 
caps were reduced and under what circumstances? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, you see it used to be 50 basis points since 1986 and then in FY2018 at that time it was 
decreased from 50 to 30 bps because there were some headwind in the revenue generation 
of Indian Railways, they were facing a lot of issues, the state revenue had gone down, so 
both of us decided in fact Indian Railways has decided that we could decrease it only for 
one year and the next year it was again raised by 10 bps and you must understand that this 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 15 
decrease in the margin that happened in one year that is 2017-2018 that happened only for 
those loans or for those lease structures that we had made during that particular financial 
year, it did not have any impact on the previous leases or it did not have any impact in the 
prospective years also, so it was only those leases which were entered into in that particular 
financial year, got a hit of about 20 bps and that was the reason that there were taking 
adverse revenue generation and revenue streams in that particular year that is why this 
margin was tinkered with, otherwise it has always remained at one particular level and 
thereafter from FY2019 onward it has always remained the same. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Now we do not see this change in future? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, I will tell you, we have the most adverse financial situation in the last financial year that 
is FY2021 in the wake of COVID-19 and there was practically no generation of the 
passenger revenue by India Railways and it went into lot of issues as far as balancing their 
budget was concerned, but still we persisted with 40 bps and there had no problems 
whatsoever and in that particular year only incidentally we had the maximum disbursement 
and it was all at the same level, so despite a very adverse financial situation during this 
COVID years so to say that is FY2021, there was no impact on the margins, so that would 
be a good example to substantiate the fact that going forward also we do not foresee any 
kind of an adverse impact on our margins. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Thank you, Sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pawan Parodia an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Pawan Parodia: 
My question is for this half years why the additional financing is just around 25000 Crores 
in H1 in comparison to the whole of last year it was 1.04 lakh Crores, so why it was so less 
in this particular time? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, it was 26527 Crores for the half year in 2021 as against only 18565 Crores during the 
corresponding half year of the previous year so it actually went up from 18000 Crores to 
26000 Crores, it did not go down, it has gone up. 
Pawan Parodia: 
It is like in the March, in the second half is it generally more that the first half? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, not only the second half, it generally picks up in the Q4 segment and that is mostly in 
the month of February and March, I mean it takes a leap, it does not only increase, it takes a 
leap in February and March, so Q4 is the quarter, which sees the maximum disbursement, 
but as of now we have already disbursed 26500 Crores as against 18500 Crores last year, so 
it is very much on the higher side. 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, one question I had in terms of a long-term growth that you envisaged, now earlier we 
were providing a smaller part of the railways capital outlay at around 36% odd, now we 
have already reached closer to 70% or may be higher this year already, so then does it mean 
that after few years we will start tracking more or less growth in our disbursements, which 
will be in line with the railway capital outlay which may be closer to 8% to 10% as per the 
GDP growth rate? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, I mean if you see the basic thing that we have to remember is that we finance the EBR 
portion of Indian Railways that is the extra budgetary resources, now with the budgetary 
grant has its limits, the government budgetary support given to all the ministries, all the 
spending departments of Government of India and there is a limit to which that can be given 
now whereas there is a huge capital outlay in the next 10 years or so and as per the National 
Railway Plan it has got already about Rs.11 trillion of expenditure lined up on railway 
certification on multi tracking, on station upgradation, on upgradation of financial economic 
so and so forth, there are any number of capex programs which are there in the pipeline and 
with a limited government budgetary support naturally the dependence of Indian Railways 
on IRFC would that much get increased or it would be that much heightened in course of 
the decades, therefore the reliance of Indian Railways on IRFC would be greater as we go 
ahead, I mean that is what is expected and that is what we envisage. Now beyond that we 
will not be able to say much, but that is the level at which we will be progressing with the 
numbers that we have just given of GDP growth yes, we shall be going at that level as far as 
our disbursements are concerned. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, Sir and any guidance for this year, what sort of growth are we looking at INR 
AUM? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Well already we have crossed 3.82 lakhs Crores till end of September, so it would definitely 
cross 4 lakhs Crores, but as of now we have got a mandate of 65256 Crores for this year out 
of which we have already disbursed as on date as we speak we have already disbursed about 
half of it, 30630 Crores we have already disburse as on date that is on November 2, 2021, 
so another 35000 Crores as per the original mandate, but generally this mandate is revised 
in course of the year, so we expect that this year also the mandate would be revised upwards 
and that would decide for at least there would be a disbursement of 35000 Crores more as 
per the original mandate in course of the year and then depending on the further 
requirement of Indian Railways, the AUM also would be growing in that extent. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
But last year we have disbursed 1.04 lakhs Crores? 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, that was a special year in which there was a lot of challenge on the revenue from the 
Government of India, so that is why the government budgetary support was that much 
limited and that is why there was extra reliance on this extra budgetary capital, this year it is 
a bit more better as far as the GBS is concerned, but still the requirement of capex is of 
course it is quite high, so we have to just wait for some more days to know what the revised 
outlay would be. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
You know, a year before that we had disbursed 71000 Crores, non-COVID years, so I think 
some growth rate on that number? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, of course, anywhere at 55000, that 71000 happened when the original was about 50 
odd, so the original mandate was 50 odd and then it became 70 odd, so this year also we 
expect that it could be higher than the original mandate. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kayur Asher from PNB Metlife. Please go 
ahead. 
Kayur Asher: 
Thank you for this opportunity. So, I had a question regarding the aspects we finance the 
infrastructure aspect of finance, so on that I think there was an obvious guidance that the 
standard lease agreement is yet to be signed any update on that? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
The standard lease agreement on the project assets actually because we added moratorium 
of five years which has just expired in FY2021 and that is finalized, it is on the cusp of 
getting signed by both the party by both Ministry of Railways and IRFC. 
Kayur Asher: 
I understand these are still the payments would be still under moratorium for these project 
assets? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, that is the reason, it took time, but anyway the deal has been almost finalized and the 
lease rentals from project assets also would be starting from this financial year. 
Kayur Asher: 
Understood, that was my only question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Bhatt from MIT Engineering. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Bhatt: 
Congratulations for the great result again. Sir, you said that in one particular year in 2018 or 
I think 2017-2018, government reduced your margin of 0.5% to 0.3% and again revised it to 
0.4%, so you said that affected only the disbursement of that particular year, but is there any 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 15 
scope that you know because this government and this Finance Minister, they are coming 
with some crazy things nowadays, so there is the possibility that somewhere they will come 
and retrospectively cut your margin from the entire disbursed amount 3.7 lakh Crores or 3.8 
lakh Crores, is there any possibility of that? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
I do not think so and there is no such possibility and as far as your illustration is concerned 
retrospectively this is the same government which is actually whenever the retrospective 
taxation that was applicable for these 4G operators and they have actually done away with 
their retrospective thing, so we do not foresee any kind of thing? 
Amit Bhatt: 
But the problem is not with the intention of the government, a problem is between the 
communication between the two government bodies with DIPAM in this particular another 
railway PSU, the DIPAM is saying something else and you know the Railway Ministry is 
saying something else and then you know it create a fiasco in the stock market and 
everybody in the world is laughing, so why the concern, if someday some babu is going to 
come and tell that you know now it is going to be 0.3% on entire amount which you have 
disbursed then there is going to be the huge implications on the stock price? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
That eventuality will not arrive. 
Amit Bhatt: 
Sir, is there any possibility that you DIPAM, because you know there is a possibility of the 
OFS also, so is there any way that DIPAM, you and the Railway Ministry comes out with 
the 0.3% scope of five years, that is a five years commitment so that will create certainty 
and that is what basically moving upwards certainty for business ease of doing business so 
when big players come when you stock start performing according to the results which you 
are doing, you are doing great job, stock prices are not reflecting it, it is not taking 
cognizance of it and that is only because of some uncertainty? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, apprehension will be taken, but let me assure you that there is a good amount of 
coordination even now between Ministry of Railways, DIPAM and IRFC and we do not 
expect any such disruption to be detriment of the organization in times to come and we can 
assure you that there is a very good coordination between the ministry and the other 
regulatory bodies  
Amit Bhatt: 
And second question is, because you are really doing wonderful job, the company is doing 
wonderfully, you are frequently meeting the bigger institutions or conference, so what 
inputs you are getting, why not a big players are not coming and investing in our company, 
being a wonderful company? 

                                      Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
They will be coming and we are having regular investor needs also, we started the investor 
needs, and we are talking to the other organizations also and I think they would be on board 
as you said that there are some apprehension that need to valid, otherwise they have no 
reason not to invest in IRFC. 
Amit Bhatt: 
Yes, really wonderful company and you people are doing really wonderful job. Thanks a 
lot. 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
So kind of you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. Members of the 
management you may please go ahead and give your closing remarks. 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Thank you very much and we will again meet. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of DAM capital, we conclude today’s conference. Thank 
you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
