BSE - PUBLIC 
3SE 
EXPERIENCE THE NEW 
Date: November 18, 2021 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: BSE 	
ISIN: INE118H01025 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on November 12, 2021 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference to our letter dated November 6, 2021 intimating you about the conference call with 
Analysts/Investors held on November 12, 2021, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call. 
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com. 
This is for your information & record. 
For BSE Limited 
Prajakta Powle 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: a/a 
SENSEX 
BSE Limited (Formerly Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.) 
Registered Office : Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 India 
T: +91 22 2272 1234/331 E: corp.comm@bseindia.comlwww.bseindia.com 
Corporate Identity Number : L67 I 20MH2005PLC 155188 

 
BSE LIMITED 
Q2 FY 21-22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
November 12, 2021 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
 
Moderator 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to BSE’s Q2FY2022 Earnings Conference 
Call. My name is Rituja and I will be the moderator for today’s conference. As a reminder, 
all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Yogesh Joshi – Head, Investor Relations, BSE Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir. 
 
Yogesh Joshi 
 
Hello everyone and welcome to BSE’s earnings call to discuss Q2FY22 Results. This is 
Yogesh from Investor Relations. Joining us today on this earnings call is BSE’s leadership 
team consisting of -  
 
• 
Mr. Ashishkumar Chauhan – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer,  
• 
Mr. Nayan Mehta – Chief Financial Officer,  
• 
Mr. Sameer Patil – Chief Business Officer,  
• 
Mr. Girish Joshi – Chief Trading Operations and Listing Sales,  
• 
Mr. Neeraj Kulshrestha – Chief Regulatory Officer, 
• 
Mr. Kersi Tavadia – Chief Information Officer. 
 
Please note that the conference is being recorded and transcript of the same will be 
available on our website. The financial results and investor presentation are also 
available on our website. 
 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our 
remarks today will include forward-looking statements, actual results may differ 
materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Any forward-
looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumption as of today and 
BSE assumes no obligation to update these statement as a result of new information or 
future events.  
 
I would now request Mr. Ashishkumar Chauhan to give a brief overview of the company’s 
performance followed by a Q&A session.  
 
 
 

 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Thank you Yogesh. Good Evening everyone and thanks for joining the call today.  
 
We meet today with cautious optimism that the coming days are going to see us resume 
our routine lives back again as COVID-19 threat recedes. I am glad to say that not only 
BSE has continued to function normally without any interruptions or glitches throughout 
the last 20 months of this pandemic, it has also been able to improve its performance, 
create value, and wealth for its stakeholders. 
  
I will start with the broad financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2021. 
BSE’s operational revenues have grown by 51% over corresponding quarter in the 
previous year. Further BSE’s net profit attributable to shareholders have grown by 39% 
to Rs. 65.14 crores for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, from Rs. 46.81 for the 
quarter ended September 30, 2020. The operational performance has continued to grow 
during September 2021 quarter across business segments resulting in higher operational 
revenues and profits. 
 
Let me start by covering our primary market segment. Funds raising by India Inc. 
continues to be buoyant despite COVID-19 pandemic and BSE platforms have remained 
preferred choice by Indian companies to raise capital. For debt capital, BSE bond platform 
enabled issuers to raise Rs. 5,14,030 crores through issue of bonds, commercial papers, 
municipal bonds, InViTs etc., during September 2021 quarter. Further, equity issuance 
through public offerings, SME issuances, Start Ups, preferential issues, rights, QIP, etc. 
through BSE platforms was Rs. 60,988 crores during September 2021 quarter. The total 
number of investors registered with BSE have been consistently growing and currently 
stand at over 8.58 crores and continue to move up. 
 
I shall update you on BSE’s trading segments now. 
 
BSE’s average daily turnover in the equity segment increased by 53% to Rs. 5622 crores 
during September 2021 quarter from Rs. 3685 crores during September 2020 quarter. 
The same is also reflected in the company’s strong operational performance in the 
current period. BSE’s market share in the equity segment increased from 5.9% during the 
September 2020 quarter to 8% during September 2021 quarter. 
 
BSE’s average daily turnover in the equity derivatives segment increased by 227% to Rs. 
2,56,214 crores during September 2021 quarter from Rs. 78,442 crores during 
September 2020 quarter. BSE’s market share in the equity derivative segment increased 
from 3.8% during September 2020 quarter to 4.1% during September 2021 quarter.  
 

 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
BSE is India’s second largest commodity derivative exchange and offers a wide gamut of 
products across agri and non-agri segments. The average daily turnover in our 
commodity derivatives segment for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, increased by 
4.8% to Rs. 3222 crores from Rs. 3074 crores in the quarter ended September 30, 2020. 
BSE’s market share in commodity derivative segment increased to 8.7% for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2021, from 7.1% for the quarter ended September 30, 2020. BSE is 
now the largest exchange in India to trade gold mini contracts and enjoys a market share 
of 77%. Amid the pandemic, BSE has launched many innovative contracts like SUFI steel, 
cotton J34 etc. BSE has witnessed successful deliveries in gold mini contracts since the 
period of pandemic including India Good Delivery. SUFI Steel contract has witnessed 
delivery of 180 metric tons where almonds witnessed a delivery of 228 metric tons. 
 
BSE’s average daily turnover in the currency derivatives segment increased by 22% to 
Rs. 24,378 crores during September 2021 quarter from Rs. 19,976 crores during 
September 2020 quarter. 
 
BSE’s steady resolve to support the SMEs and Startups in India has seen it listing 353 
companies in its SME platform and 12 companies in Startup Platform till date. During the 
September 2021 quarter, BSE listed 8 companies on its SME platform and 1 company on 
its startup platform. As on September 30, 2021, 348 companies listed on BSE’s SME 
platform have raised funds amounting to Rs. 3703 crores and 11 companies listed on 
BSE’s Startup Platform have raised Rs. 39 crores. The market capitalization of companies 
listed on BSE’s SME platform was Rs. 36,934 crores as on September 30, 2021. BSE’s 
market share in listing of companies in SME segment stood strong at 61% as on 
September 30, 2021. 
 
BSE StAR MF, India’s largest mutual fund distribution platform continues to grow at a 
scorching pace. The total number of transactions on BSE StAR MF grew by 99% to 4.26 
crore transaction during September 2021 quarter from 2.14 crore transactions during 
September 2020 quarter. BSE StAR MF platform is the platform of choice for investments 
in mutual funds by investors and mutual fund distributors. It continues to witness 
consistent Net equity inflow over the industry’s net equity inflow. BSE StAR MF platform 
recorded a Net equity inflow of Rs. 21,524 crores as compared to industry’s net equity 
inflow of Rs. 39,928 crores during the September 2021 quarter. BSE StAR MF platform 
stands as a single largest mutual fund platform, which has been able to provide net 
positive equity inflow to the mutual funds even during times when the entire industry 
was facing net equity outflow. Even during the month of October 2021, Star MF platform 
outshone the industry net equity inflow by contributing Rs. 7914 crores as compared to 
industry’s total net equity inflow of Rs. 5215 crores. In effect, the StAR MF platform 
contributed more than the entire industry’s net equity inflow suggesting that other 
platforms and direct connect actually had a outflow.  

 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
 
BSE StAR MF platform continues to scale new peaks of transactions in a single day with 
ever increasing growth of orders on its platform. BSE StAR MF recorded 26.52 lakh 
transactions in a single day on November 8, 2021, surpassing the previous best record of 
24.08 lakhs on September 13, 2021. The BSE StAR MF app, launched in May 2019 to help 
mutual fund distributors register clients on real time-basis and execute paperless 
transactions, has been well received by the investment community and has processed 
over 38 lakh transactions till date. BSE StAR MF plus a new framework launched for 
providing end-to-end software to mutual fund distributors is also receiving great 
response. 
 
BSE promoted international exchange at GIFT City Gandhinagar, India INX has been 
growing exponentially ever since it commenced operations on January 16, 2017. Average 
daily trading turnover on India INX during the September 2021 increased by 278% to US 
$ 11.67 billion as compared to US $ 3.09 billion during September 2020 quarter. India 
INX continues to be the dominant IFSC exchange in GIFT City with its market share of 
84% in derivatives trading and 92% in bond listing during the quarter ended September 
30, 2021. Owing to investments by certain strategic and financial investors, BSE’s stake 
in India INX has reduced to 77.55% and BSE’s stake in India International Clearing 
Corporation has reduced to 69.28% as of September 30, 2021. 
 
BSE Ebix Insurance Broking Private Limited, a joint venture of BSE and Ebix fincorp, is 
registered with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDA) as 
Direct (Life and General) Insurance Broker. Currently, its electronic insurance broking 
platform is integrated with 7 General Insurance Companies, 5 Health Insurance 
Companies and 3 Life Insurance Companies. Further, pending integration, portal of 
insurance company is being used for certain insurance companies to facilitate 
intermediation of policies. BSE Ebix has over 4400 active certified points of sales as at 
September 2021. The gross premium collected during September 2021 quarter rose by 
2.11 times to Rs. 5.22 crores as compared to Rs. 2.47 crores during September 2020 
quarter. BSE Ebix has intermediated 1740 policies during the quarter ended September 
30, 2021, and its operations are stabilizing now. 
 
BSE E-Agricultural markets, a JV between BSE Investments and Frontier Agriculture 
Platforms Private Limited, operates a nationwide electronic, institutionalized, 
transparent commodity spot trading platform to facilitate spot agricultural commodities 
transactions across value chain consisting of producers, intermediaries, ancillaries 
business, and consumers. It has already enrolled 690 members including 442 farmers, 
238 traders, and 10 FPO members. Trades worth Rs. 75.68 crores in 3 agricultural 
commodities were executed on the platform during the quarter ended September 30, 
2021. The company is working closely with Government and Government enterprises to 

 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
enhance the efficiency of procurement and sales of the commodities. Considering the 
market and opportunities, this platform is expected to grow at a faster pace in time to 
come in both agricultural and non-agricultural segments. The company received 
regulatory approval for enabling spot trading of non-agriculture commodity as well. 
 
As informed in our earlier call, the power markets regulator, CERC has granted 
registration on May 12, 2021, to Pranurja Solutions Ltd to establish and operate a power 
exchange. In order to brand itself as a power exchange, the company is in the process of 
changing its name to Hindustan Power Exchange Limited. The company proposes to 
commence live operations in the last quarter of financial year 2021-22. BSE has a stake 
of 22.61% in the proposed power exchange through its wholly owned subsidiary BSE 
Investment Limited as of date. 
 
SEBI has granted recognition to BASL as a regulatory body for administration and 
supervision of investment advisors. BASL has commenced registration of investment 
advisors. Being allowed to act as a regulator to regulate conduct of a group of 
intermediaries in the financial market through a subsidiary is a strong reflection of BSE’s 
capabilities and regulator’s confidence in the governance at BSE. 
 
Now on a consolidated basis, BSE’s operational revenues have grown by 51% to Rs. 
188.73 crores for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, from Rs. 125.38 crores. The 
transactions charges revenue has increased by 123% to Rs. 67.96 crores from Rs. 30.42 
crores in the corresponding quarter of previous year. Listing related income increased by 
20% to Rs. 56.84 crores from Rs. 47.24 crores in the corresponding quarter of previous 
year. Book building fees increased by 25% to Rs. 16.62 crores from Rs. 13.29 crores in 
the corresponding quarter of previous year. The clearing and settlement operational 
revenue increased by 93% to Rs. 10.15 crores from Rs. 5.26 crores in the corresponding 
quarter of previous year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the company 
increased by 39% to Rs. 65.14 crores from Rs. 46.81 crores in the corresponding quarter 
of previous year. The operating EBITDA has increased by Rs. 40.01 crores to Rs. 53.16 
crores for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, as against operating EBITDA of Rs. 
13.15 crores, so it has moved from Rs. 13.15 crore to Rs. 53.16 crores. The operating 
EBITDA margins stands at 28% from 10% for the corresponding quarter of last year. The 
net profit margin remains constant at 29% for the quarter ended September 30th vis-à-
vis the previous quarter in the previous year. 
 
Before I conclude, I wish you a very Happy and Prosperous Year ahead, take care and stay 
safe. With these overview, let me Welcome all of you once again and invite you for 
question and answer session. Thank you. 
 
 

 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator 
 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press * and one in their touch phone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and two. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and Gentlemen we will wait for a moment 
while the question queue assembles.  
 
The first question is from the line of Shalabh Agarwal from Snowball Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Good Evening Sir, great set of numbers, many congratulations for that. The question is on 
INX, if we compare the numbers for competing exchange and what we are recording, it 
seems despite spending a similar amount of money on LES, we have been able to report 
more than 95% market share on the notional value of traded derivative, this is we are 
looking at the last year full year numbers, so the question is if we have more than 95% 
market share then what really is stopping us to start charging because the competing 
exchange has not been able to draw volumes despite spending similar amount on LES? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It is a good question, basically this is a very time sensitive market and people compete on 
fourth decimal for getting value out of it and so any time if you are giving incentive and 
other party is not, the market actually transfer there. Although we may be able to more 
efficiently do it vis-à-vis our competition that does not mean that basically we start 
charging and those people continue to pay, the market will shift to them, that is for sure. 
Second thing is they already have a Singapore connect, which is also going to come and it 
remains to be seen how it happens and what happens and then probably after looking at 
it for the longest period, we will have to take a decision. Currently, you would not want 
to give up the markets where you have a largest share and sort of handover to somebody 
for smaller amounts. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Related question to that would be, what advantage does INX have compared to a 
Singapore exchange where NIFTY trades are currently happening? 
 
 
 

 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Better technology, better services, lower cost or currently zero cost and a product called 
BSE 50, which is an index which is a pretty interesting index you might like to take a look 
at it, so there are many things which we are playing for and we hope that our products 
will continue to overcome all the other things that may be thrown at the members and 
the investors going forward. We also of course are trying to start a new framework for 
connecting to other markets through INX’s subsidiary, so let us see how far that we go 
there also. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Sir, quickly Singapore I think if I am not wrong, please correct me if I am wrong, they 
charge around 4 basis point per trade and I think one of your earlier calls you have 
alluded to around 2 basis points whenever you start charging, so is that a number that we 
are looking at whenever we start charging on INX, any thoughts on that? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Basically, you see these are all discussions, when reality strikes whether it is 2 basis 
points or 0.2 or 0.002 or (-2) remains to be seen, so it would be, for me, very difficult to 
tell you so certainly about all these things. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Sure sure. Thank you sir, I have few more question I’ll get back to the queue. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suraj Nawandhar from Sampada 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Sir, Good Evening, and congratulations on a very good set of numbers, we had a very 
strong cash flow generation this time, so what is it regarding, if I look at the balance sheet, 
the other financial liabilities have gone up, so what is it regarding actually? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
What we will do with the cash flow or why did the cash flow improve? 

 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Why did the cash flow improve is the first question and the second is what are we trying 
to do with so much of cash? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Basically, whenever we get any operating profit, we distribute almost the entire thing to 
the shareholders because as you rightly pointed out, we do not need the cash, and why 
the cash flow has improved is because the markets are doing well and because of that 
people are trading more, people are raising more funds and things like that. Of course we 
have a consistent cash flow which some of the listed exchanges do not have is the listing 
fees and so we continue to get substantial amount of listing fees which helps us basically 
defray our cost or compensate our cost of running the operations, so that is where most 
analysts are not able to even figure out how listed exchanges need to compare, but 
effectively we have a large portion of listing fees which is consistent every year, it is 
annuity business. The second part is the IPO part which have done well, so we have also 
done well. Then third thing is the transaction charges, which has also done well because 
of the transactions volumes have improved and our own market share has improved to 
some extent and that also helps. Then the mutual funds part is also doing well, which was 
not contributing that much earlier, slowly has become large and so these are four-five 
things if you look at those numbers, you will come to know and against that, our costs 
have not increased commensurately that is why our cash flow and our net profits and 
other things have increased. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
On the balance sheet if I look at other financial liabilities have gone up from Rs. 1157 crore 
to Rs. 1918 crores, I was referring to that, what is that change refers to? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
It is like this that these liabilities represents the clearing and settlement liability and they 
represent and they are offset by the cash in books so whatever short-term FDs we put 
and fixed deposit and cash balances, they are the one’s which offset these liabilities and 
these are very temporary overnight clearing and settlement liabilities which is there 
pending settlement of a particular settlement. 
  
 
 

 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Sir, my next question is about regarding around couple of months back you had put out a 
circular regarding best price execution mechanism that SEBI have made it mandatory for 
exchanges to execute the trades at best price, so any update on that? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Basically, there are two things, one is the best price execution, other is the 
interoperability. On both these issues, we had decided to charge some penalty because 
both are SEBI regulations, which people were not observing and nothing much was 
happening and so to some extent some members have already complied, some members 
have not complied fully, some members have complied partially but it is a work in 
progress I would say and as and when it becomes sort of more truly implemented then 
you will see that BSE also the percentage actually starts going up like what has happened 
in last quarter. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
The penalty that you had mentioned in that circular are we still charging those penalties 
to the broker who are not complying or that circular has withdrawn? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It is the penalty that is currently in the vogue, it is not withdrawn. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Okay, so you are charging through the broker? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Whatever appropriate penalty that is written in the circular and subsequent updates 
about those circulars, those will be charged or that is getting charged as of now, and that 
goes to IPF. BSE does not earn of the penalty. Many times the analyst may write or 
newspapers may write that because BSE’s cash flow has gone up seemingly out of 
nothing, then it might be due to penalty, it is not, so I just wanted to clarify. 
 
 
 
 

 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Where I was coming from was that if that gets implemented, we have a chance of getting 
much, much higher volumes of overall trade, I was not much interested with the penalties 
but if it gets implemented, then we will get very high volumes? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan  
 
It has been happening slowly 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Okay, so the deadline is March 31st if I am not wrong for that circular? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Penalties will start charging, it is not that it stops anyone from trading. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Sir, my next question is on BSE StAR platform, are we planning to monetize it by divesting 
some stake or listing it separately as it is doing great for us? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
BSE Board had approved, we had taken to the Board, Board had approved that in case 
somebody is willing to give a good price, why not, but we have not found anyone yet, so 
as and when somebody comes, we will certainly take a look at it. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Vikas Kasturi 
 
Good Evening Sir and congratulations on a great quarter and also for tirelessly working 
for BSE, Sir I had questions regarding StAR MF, the numbers that you have reported and 
the volume of transactions, is it only for the equity mutual funds or is it for all the mutual 
funds? 
 

 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
All put together. The revenue is for all the stuff, but equity is where BSE has some 
stronghold. 
 
Vikas Kasturi 
 
Sir, if I could ask you this question, what would be our, if I wanted to understand this 
better of the universe of all mutual fund transactions and of which some of them go via 
paper form and some of them via digital form, and within digital, we would have certain 
market share, so would you be able to provide me some numbers like that Sir? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
The mutual fund industry does not disclose that, but if you look at the pure numbers on 
equities cash flows, open ended funds, then we seem to be doing pretty large portion 
because the net numbers of BSE in month of November were like pretty much above the 
net numbers of the entire industry put together by almost 20%-30%, so we like collected 
Rs. 7000+ crores in the month on net basis and the industry collected only Rs. 5000 crore, 
so we are like 40% higher than the entire industry, which means that industry had a 
outflow, which means they had transactions which were outside BSE StAR MF. 
 
Vikas Kasturi 
 
Sir, actually I had a question regarding that also, from your previous commentary on this, 
when I say previous I mean previous quarters, so Sir how is it that we are bringing in 
more into the industry whereas in certain quarters, there is a negative outflow from the 
industry, but we seem to be consistently bringing in more funds into the industry, how is 
that Sir? 
  
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
You can only hypothesize, you cannot be sure about why it is happening, its because BSE 
has around 75,000 distributors which are connected to BSE directly and there are put 
together with large distributors and e-commerce platforms and all those e-brokers, we 
have a very large network across India and we are reaching out to the customers and we 
are bringing customers to mutual fund industry which were not there before and so 
naturally the new customers or new investors are bringing in funds. The old channels are 
probably what I call tired channels, some of them are taking their money back and things 
like that. They may have other usages for that money, but our channels seem to be brining 
in continuously larger and larger amounts because they are reaching out to newer and 

 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
newer investors in India and I think this trend will continue for probably next 5-10 years. 
Despite all this we have probably 6 crores investor accounts or out of say industry as 10 
crores folios currently active, 6 crores are with us, that is what I have been told and so we 
are becoming, in a way, net people who are bringing new investors into the industry. 
 
Vikas Kasturi 
 
Sir, one last question, it is on the Ebix insurance distribution business, Sir could you just 
help me understand what is it that, could you please help me understand that business 
model and what is it that we bring to the table and what is it that Ebix brings to the table 
Sir? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Ebix is basically, in US, it is a software company and also a market operator for insurance, 
they provide software to insurance companies for selling their insurance for settlements 
and all those of things, so in India we have this joint venture to distribute insurance 
products on retail basis using the physical plus digital framework that is we have 
connectivity to several life, general, health, all sort of companies and customer or rather 
intermediary, which is called POS as per the license, point of sale person, is able to see all 
the, he can punch in or she can punch in the data of the potential customer or for example, 
a car, you want to have a insurance for that car, your insurance agent who is called POS 
punches in data of your car, all the details of that car comes and then based on the car’s 
conditions with available public data, we send it to 5-10 companies which do this car 
insurance and get you all those quotes of those 5-10 companies with all their 
conditionalities and then your agent is supposed to show you that and then as and when 
he or she places order with your credit card or bank payment, it happens in real time and 
so you get your insurance within few seconds after analyzing the advisor that is the point 
of sale person, advising you also on what is good.  
 
Although something may be cheaper, it may not be correct for your condition. And so you 
are able to buy life insurance, health insurance, general insurance, all such of insurance 
on that on real time with your insurance policy also coming to you at that moment only, 
you do not have to wait. You do not have to go to other website of an insurance company 
to actually do it which is what many of this portal seem to be doing, but we have a 
completely integrated platform and we also provide our point of sale agents ability to 
help you in claim processing because it is easy to buy insurance, but try doing claim 
processing as a normal sort of a person, it becomes very difficult unless you have some 
handholding and so we provide this end-to-end framework without burning money that 
is the framework of splurging money which we do not believe in although many of the 
market participants, even the investor, seem to believe in those. We think money should 

 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
not be splurged and so we try to keep our cost controlled, we try to give the best facilities, 
which are end-to-end and that is where the BSE comes with its conservative framework 
and Ebix basically comes with its own software which we use along with some of the BSE 
software to provide these services. 
 
Vikas Kasturi 
 
Thank you sir, for the detailed commentary. I’ll come back to the queue. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Parek, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Parek 
 
Good Evening and congratulations for a great set of numbers, my question was pertaining 
to StAR MF, as you said that we are looking for a stake sale, no party has arrived with a 
reasonable valuation, Sir are we looking for raising value in terms of IPO? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It is a good idea, currently no. 
 
Manish Parek 
 
Thank you sir, that’s it from my side. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shalabh Agarwal from Snowball Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity again Sir, just circling back to my earlier 
question, as you said this the trades on INX are very sensitive to the fourth decimal place, 
and therefore, even  having more than 95% share, it is tough to really charge till our 
competitor starts charging, so the question is if the competitor has only low single digit 
market share then what is the incentive for the competitor to charge and if they do not 
charge, then how do we really monetize all that we have invested so far in INX? 
 

 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Basically, we have started charging for the bond listing and we have listed $ 54 billion of 
bonds in INX over last one-and-a-half to two years since we started listing, so we will 
charge at appropriate times for example in StAR MF, we started around 2009 end and we 
started charging around 2017-18 and there was tremendous fight till last year. In fact 
during COVID only, we finally agreed with AMFI at a very low cost to provide that services 
to everyone and after that disputes got over, so this is a industry which is very price 
competitive, price sensitive, and when you get a chance, you start doing it, but you end 
up investing over a longer period because you do not invest in plants and machinery, but 
you basically invest in creating markets. And as and when you think you have a good 
market power, you start charging what is reasonable. If you become unreasonable, many 
times people run away, sometimes they do not run away, so sometimes it may give you a 
wrong impression, as normal observer, that people once they have market monopolies, 
they can charge infinitely, my understanding is that modern world does not allow that 
luxury to anyone and so whatever we do has to be basically what we call market clearing 
price as and when people start charging, as of now, it is zero or negative and that is how 
we need to continue to provide our services at that price. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Will it be correct to say that charging in INX on the transaction is still some years away, 
couple of years away? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Correct, but in the meantime because of those transactions, the listings are coming and 
possibility is that equity listing may start happening and so there again people will start 
coming, so you make money, like as I told you even in BSE’s case, a very large chunk of 
our revenues are related to listings and that helps us defray our cost to a large extent and 
that helps us have a very consistent profitability, which is not true with other situations, 
which are in listed space in Indian markets right, so you need to keep this all in mind. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Sir, just from the annual fee as you are highlighting, we also noticed that last year there 
was a decrease from Rs. 157 crores to Rs. 145 crores, and even in this half year it has been 
very flattish, which has not been the case earlier years when we look at ’18-’19, there was 
15%-16% kind of a growth, so last one-and-a-half years things have been very flattish or 
down, any reason? 
 

 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It is basically due to the way we have started accounting for things and we have also 
started delisting lot of companies, you might have observed many companies have been 
delisted, so naturally what used to happen earlier is that we used to charge, pay GST, and 
then provide for it later on, but then you will not get the GST back, so we have started 
basically not charging after a point in time and instead basically as and when the company 
wants to become de-suspended, that time we will charge. Because the service is not 
provided during that period and if the company gets delisted then we will not get 
anyways, so that is how, we have done some changes in our structure based on the 
auditors sort of comments on not to charge, pay taxes, and then provide for only the 
revenues which were not taxed right, so that is where I think there has been a difference. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
But there has been no incentives or any increased incentives of companies getting listed 
on the competing exchange, securities getting listed there but not here? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Even if they list on both exchange, it is fine because they end up paying to both. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
No, I am saying listing there but not here? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
I have not seen any such company yet, I mean they might be in SME because today also 
we get the lion’s chunk of the IPOs, IPO money comes from BSE and the listing fees as a 
percentage of company’s total revenue is like 10 raised to minus 5 or something for most 
companies, so insignificant that it does not matter to them. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Sir, a question on StAR platform, for AMCs, it is an additional cost? Because AMC is paying 
certain fees to us on a per transaction basis, but they are also continuing to pay the 
distributors who were anyway getting the money earlier, so is it like additional charge or 
is it like AMCs are taking some money from the distributor pool and passing it to the 
platform? 
 

 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
You are in a, what I call, conceptual world where you think the manual processes which 
the AMCs were doing with their distributors was coming at zero cost. My estimate is each 
application physical, the AMCs are paying and were paying more than Rs. 300 per 
transaction. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Okay, which they are kind of saving by going through the platform? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Correct. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Then Sir our charges are much lower, if that is the number that is getting substituted or 
getting paid then what is the reason that on a per transaction basis, why we are pricing it 
so low or the industry, if there are competing platform? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It is very similar to a rich woman paying large sums for the designer clothes, but still 
haggling for the vegetable vendor. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Thank you sir, all the very best. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suraj Nawandhar from Sampada 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Thank you for the follow up, Sir you said that your energy exchange will start from the 
Q4 of this year, so any gross calculation that we have done that how much percentage of 
market share you are targeting because currently IEX dominates that market? 
 

 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
For me the projections are usually away from reality right. I have also told you our 
investment philosophy earlier on several occasions, which is basically, we try to invest 
very little and we try to buy optionalities. It is like paying premium for a large outcome, 
so we do not try to work on this sort of models and it does not work in markets where 
things can change really scale up. If you are successful then no amount of projections, 
which is linear. will help, it is non-linearity that comes in and so those kind of projections 
for me are good for traditional manufacturing type of companies, so if this is successful it 
would be immensely successful. If it is not, then our money invested is very little, that is 
how we do these activities either it is in GIFT City or it is in INX or it is in agricultural 
markets anywhere because we own our technology.  
 
For most people, the cost of technology is humongous, you might like to check out finally 
if and when the new technology is implemented in a competing listed exchange. Our total 
cost was I think probably Rs. 3-4 crore of implementation and the entire software came 
to us in probably Rs. 12-13 crores if I recall correctly few years back, same software, it is 
not even different software. You will see like 10X, 20X, 100X kind of numbers and so we 
own our technology. We changed it ourselves and so we are trying to go into newer 
markets using most of our technology, of course where required we also buy software 
from other some components or entire thing.  
 
In fact, recently we gave our software to start a new exchange in Mauritius which is a pan-
African exchange called AFRINEX. In fact, it was inaugurated two weeks back by their 
Prime Minister and so we do own our technology, and we think we are able to provide at 
least 10X kind of numbers, competitive advantage, to the new entity which we set up in 
any market and even in operations, we are like very, very smart as a team and that is 
where I think some of this business if they grow up like what happened to StAR MF then 
we are able to operate at a cutthroat, very low cost number, so that even if we get a very 
low revenue we are still profitable in those business lines and then when you survive 
profitably for long, you are able to reap rewards in the long run so those are the 
philosophy within which all these new investments happen, including the power 
exchange you asked for. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Sir, coming back to the question of best price execution mechanism, was NSE also 
charging to the broker? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 

 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
No, NSE is not charging. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
To the brokers to change to that mechanism and NSE is not? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
No, they are not charging. 
 
Suraj Nawandhar 
 
Thank you sir. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrivallabh Kulkarni, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Shrivallabh Kulkarni 
 
Good Evening, this is excellent number, congratulation to you all. I have two questions, I 
would like to know where are we with the gold exchange in domestic level as well as India 
international bullion exchange level? I heard some news that India INX holds some of the 
share stake into that, but I do not know exactly how is the company formed with that 
particular holding company? Second question is related to StAR MF, I hear that we are 
not increasing the prices or charges for order execution, but we can charge differently 
with the listing fee of the AMC, we can charge like we can say like Rs. 25 lakh or some kind 
of amount for each and every AMC to list their mutual fund and we can say for first 10,000 
record, 10,000 order we can charge Rs. 3.5, if next order this will be the charge, so in a 
way we can increase the listing fee on that platform as well as order, so I am just trying 
to pour new things so that we will get more revenue out of StAR MF so it will be best for 
AMC as well as for BSE in order to generate more revenue, so these are the two questions 
hope that might be helpful for BSE from StAR MF but for gold exchange I am more of 
interested of what is going on that side also? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
I think StAR MF you have some innovative ideas, we take note of that, I do not know how 
far we can charge such things, but these are interesting ideas, we will take note of that. 
And Gold exchange at Gandhinagar, new joint venture between India International 

 
19 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Exchange, India International Clearing Corporation which are two of the BSE’s 
subsidiaries along with NSE, MCX, CDSL and NSDL have set up a new gold bullion spot 
exchange and the technology of that exchange is also even operations are going to be 
provided by BSE Technologies, but it is a joint venture and it is currently doing mock 
testing and as and when it is inaugurated, it will start trading, pretty much all the 
technical features are in place and mock trading is going on for more than three-four 
weeks now and as and when it is inaugurated based on the convenience of everyone that 
is the time it will be doing.  
 
The spot exchange in domestic area, the current SEBI regulation, which were announced 
recently seemed to suggest that the exchanges may be able to do it within their existing 
exchanges itself. And as I told you in the GIFT City also we are providing the technology, 
so we are pretty much ready with the technology, so as and when the actual detailed 
approvals and regulations are in place, once we get approval, we can start. So I do not 
know the timeframe for that but whatever the time, we should be amongst the first few 
exchanges to launch this market as we are totally ready for those kind of and yu might 
recall six-seven years back, we were the first to move this idea of spot gold exchange in 
India and so we have been working since then for that. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Shah from Abakkus Asset 
Management Co. Please go ahead. 
 
Chetan Shah 
 
Sir, just one quick question, in our expenses breakup this time, the other admin expenses 
and other expenses have kind of gone up dramatically almost 50% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, is there any one-time thing or anything which was a bit of an abnormal if 
you can share please? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
With respect to two items which are carrying on this increase, one is with respect to 
increase in certain provisions for under the expected credit loss mechanism as required 
under the accounting standards, what had happened is that in the last year, due to COVID 
there was a lag in recovery and because of the lag in recoveries, we had certain heavy 
provisions which we had to make for the year ended March 31, 2021. Then what 
happened is that in the first quarter, June, we started receiving the money and lot of 
recoveries are made and that resulted in reversal of the earlier provisions. Now, what has 
happened is that now the standard provision’s effect has come in to play and that is why 

 
20 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
there is a difference of around Rs. 10 crores between negative and positive, which is 
creating a big difference here which you are seeing here. 
 
Chetan Shah 
 
Basically, out of Rs. 60 crores, Rs. 10 crores is more like a provision expenses, otherwise 
the normal expense is around Rs. 50 crores, is that a right reading Sir? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
I will say that a part of this will continue, I mean the provisions obviously, since this you 
have to make on the basis of the expected credit loss and though we make our best efforts 
to recover the money from listed companies, it is more from listed companies, but there 
will always be some lag with respect to certain accounts, so while obviously we will try 
our level best to decrease the provisions over a period of time by consistent follow up, 
but there was one-off decrease in the last quarter which resulted into this type of anomaly 
which you are seeing here. And second thing which is important is that as our businesses 
increase, the clearing and settlement charges which we have to pay, as BSE. to NSE 
clearing and other clearing corporations because our members may have clearing 
account with NSE Clearing Corporation, so for all those transactions, we have to pay 
clearing charges to NSE Clearing Corporation, so there is a significant increase in that also 
and these are the two main reasons. Again, since our volume of activities have started 
working and we have started working from office, so there will be a standard increases 
in our day-to-day expenses, so these are the two main reasons. 
 
Chetan Shah 
 
Sir, one last question on the technology side, we have a consistent about Rs. 100 odd crore 
of technology spending on an annual basis, but now the way we are expanding our other 
businesses which is outside of a normal BSE business, do we see any major re-hauling or 
any major expenses on the technology side because lot of things are getting changed in 
terms of global technology platform plus we are going to enter into T+1 from February 
onwards in terms of the settlement cycle, do we need to spend any extra money for that? 
or this is going to be like a normalized way at least for next couple of years? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It will be normal only. As I told you, we own our technology and we kind of modify it 
ourselves, so broadly speaking we will see not any bump up on the technology expenses 
as of now, I do not envisage anything. 
 

 
21 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Pratik 
 
Firstly, I would congratulate Ashish Sir and entire BSE team for putting up a good show 
and margin as well, I have one question Sir, as we have seen lot of IPOs in the last quarter 
as well as in the current quarter and in the upcoming quarter, just want to understand 
how BSE will get the revenues from this IPO listing? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
We charge basically them software usage fees, so that basically gives both NSE, BSE both 
some money. 
 
Pratik 
 
Is there any number you can share in this quarter from this revenue, how much revenue 
you have got from this IPO listing? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
You are talking about the book building fees, Pratik? 
 
Pratik 
 
Yes, from our revenue how much we have got from this IPO listing, as we have seen some 
of 18 to 19 companies have been listed in this quarter, so is there any breakup you can 
share? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
For the current quarter obviously, we will not have the total figures for the listed 
company in this quarter we can probably provide you, but otherwise if you want the total 
fees which we were earning in the quarter and in the last few years that was available in 
our presentation. 
 
Moderator 
 

 
22 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shalabh Agarwal from Snowball Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Thank you for giving this opportunity again, on the StAR platform you had indicated 
earlier that we are also providing some value added services to the distributors, any color 
on how that has picked up, any qualitative or quantitative things that you can share? 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Out of 75,000 around 1000 plus have started using it and so it is early days of adoption, 
but it is basically saving them lot of hassles and cost on software and getting data because 
we populate the data of data vendor by ourselves by paying money to them and also give 
them all the software features which they have in commercially available software, so 
many of them are slowly adopting, transferring all their portfolios on to our platform and 
it is a software-as-a-service, although we are not currently charging, but it is basically 
once the adoption happens, we will see what to do. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Sir, just quickly two bookkeeping questions, one is if you can just quickly provide the LES 
breakup, I think it has not been there in the notes for this quarter and last quarter? 
Secondly in this full year numbers in consolidated cash flows, there was a line item which 
contribution from the clearing corporation that was around Rs. 56 crores last year which 
was not there in FY ’20, so what is the nature of that number? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
Salabh, Can you come back with the -- which figures are you referring to in the cash flow? 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
It is contribution from clearing corporation, this is in consolidated cash flow statement 
around Rs. 56 crores in FY ’21, which was not there in FY ’20? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
Contribution received from other clearing corporation Rs. 3.36 crores in consol 
statement, right? 
 

 
23 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
This is for half year, it is there in the current cash flow statement also, but it was around 
Rs. 56.3 crores for the full year, last year compared to 0 in FY ’20. 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
If you can refer to which figures in the current disclosure, I can help you out with that? 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
This is currently from Rs. 3.3 crores if I am reading it correctly, Rs. 3.36 crores 
contribution received from other clearing corporation in the consolidated cash flow 
statement. 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
What happens in this case Shalabh, is like this that, in case there is a settlement, which is 
happening at both clearing corporations, which is Indian clearing corporation as well as 
NSE Clearing Corporation, from time to time, members money there can be a case where 
some money, additional deposits and margins have to be placed by an exchange to the 
another clearing corporation, so suppose BSE members are trading, are doing more 
clearing and doing more trading on BSE and their clearing is happening in NSE clearing 
then probably their margins and deposits and those things will have to increase and that 
will require BSE to contribute to core settlement guarantee fund of the other clearing 
corporation so if BSE already has excess money in its current clearing corporation, Indian 
Clearing Corporation, then it can ask Indian Clearing Corporation to transfer some funds 
to NSE Clearing Corporation, so this is an inter clearing corporation transfers, which 
happens in the nature of core settlement guarantee fund. It does not have a revenue 
implications as such. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 
 
Sir, quickly if you can provide the LES breakup for this quarter? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
It is already there, if you see the REG 33 statements which we have provided, it is 
separately mentioned under 5(f) for both standalone as well as consolidated. 
 
Shalabh Agarwal 

 
24 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
 
No Sir, I want how it is broken between INX and BSE derivatives, which used to provided 
till last year? 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
If you see the consolidated figure, the consolidated figure is Rs. 7.86 crores, this includes 
INX figure and BSE figure, and the BSE standalone is Rs. 4.46 so the difference of Rs. 3.4 
crores is INX. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
 
Yogesh Joshi 
 
Thank you all the participants for joining today’s earnings conference call. Take care, be 
safe and Wish you a Happy New Year ahead. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. On behalf of BSE Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 

 
25 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Disclaimer: 
 
This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind, and should 
be read in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The 
information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of the company’s event 
and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be material 
errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The 
transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or 
transcription error. This document may contain “forward-looking statements” – that is, 
statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward looking statements 
often address our expected future business and financial performance, often contain 
words such as “expects”, “anticipates, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “should” or 
“will”. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different 
degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our actual results to be materially 
different that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake 
to update our forward-looking statements. 
 
