October 28, 2021 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
(Atten: DCS Listing) 
Dear Sirs 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Nex1 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1 , G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
(Atten: Manager Listing Department) 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investors call held on Friday, October 22, 2021 as per Regula-
tion 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclo-
sure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Ref 
: BSE Scrip: 543187 (POWERINDIA) 
NSE Symbol: POWERINDIA 
Please note that as per our intimation letter dated October 14, 2021 and in furtherance to our letter dated 
October 22, 2021 wherein we had shared the copy of Investors presentation and Press release, a confer-
ence call was organized with Analysts/Investors on Friday, October 22, 2021 at 5:00 pm. 
We are now enclosing the transcript of the said conference call held with Analysts/Investors which is also 
being uploaded on the Company's website at: 
www.hitachienergy.com/in 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
F~
B Pow'\ Pcoducts aod Systems lodla Limited 
Poo,~
a 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
ABB POWER PRODUCTS AND SYSTEMS INDIA LIMITED 
Registered Office: 
81h Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401, Kodigehalli Main Road, 
Bengaluru - 560 092, Phone: 080 22041800 , 080 68473700 
Local Address: 81h Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401 Kodigehalli Main Road, Bengaluru-560092 
CIN: L31904KA2019PLC121597 
www.hitachienergy.com/in 
@Hitachi Energy 

Page 1 of 14
“ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited's Q3 FY'21
Earnings Conference Call”
October 22, 2021
MANAGEMENT OF ABB POWER PRODUCTS & SYSTEMS INDIA
LIMITED:
MR. N. VENU – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER
MR. AJAY SINGH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
MR. POOVANNA AMMATANDA-GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY
SECRETARY

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 2 of 14
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Analyst Call for ABB Power Products and
Systems India Limited Q3 Results. At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode. A
question-and-answer session will be conducted towards the end of the call. At any time during
the call, you may click on the audio question tab below the media player and join the queue to
ask questions. Please join the queue early in the call to ensure we address as many queries as
possible. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to
Mr. N. Venu – Managing Director and CEO, ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited.
Thank you and over to you sir.
N. Venu:
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us for the call today. I hope all is well at your
end and you continue to take all necessary precautions to keep yourself safe and your family
members safe.
I am going to refer to the slide numbers. We have already uploaded in the stock exchange, just
for your information. And if you are able to see the slides also good.
India appears to be slowly getting back on track. We see active Covid-19 caseload coming down
and more and more people getting vaccinated. We reached the 100-crore milestone yesterday of
cumulative doses administered in the country.
Green shoots of economic recovery are also starting to become more visible now, with core
industries such as electricity, steel, cement, natural gas, fertilizers starting to improve. With
demand and economic activity picking up, business confidence has surged. We share the same
optimism. We are feeling much better about the state of the economy as well as business than
we were at the start of the year.
So, let me refer to Slide #4. We retain our focus on keeping our people safe and healthy. As they
say, prevention is better than the cure – there is no better way to prevent than by spreading
awareness. We have continued conducting regular training sessions and consultations for our
people and partners and also employees family to combat the spread of the Covid-19 virus,
reduce HSE hazards at workplace or sites, as well as prevent any ailment arising out of the new
normal. We have held special sessions to impart awareness ranging from lifesaving rules to
proper ergonomics and posture. That’s to ensure our people don’t neglect basic health while
adjusting to a new way of life.
Our work is underpinned by Safety, Integrity and Quality - our licenses to operate. And it
continues to reverberate with our customers as well through our high service standards. We are
glad to be recognized by leading industry players for our values and commitment to safety,
showing us that we are on the right track.
Moving to the next Slide #5, as you all may be aware, globally firms have been grappling with
supply chain constraints. The pandemic era’s supply shock is unfolding itself into gridlocked
ports delaying shipments of critical material. On top of this, there are shortages ranging from

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 3 of 14
microchips to coal, hindering firms in unleashing their full revenue potential since these are base
elements for industries.
In this scenario, while we have seen a steady rise in our orders, our revenue has been impacted.
Even though we have had meaningful order wins, we had about INR 64 crore worth of revenue
impacted due to pandemic-induced costs and delays -- stopping us from tasting a full recovery.
Yet, we managed a credible performance in sync with market realities. Long-term fundamentals
appear solid. Demand in the September quarter was driven by rail, datacenters, and utilities,
helping us further strengthen our position in growth segments of the future. A considerable
chunk of our orders pertained to renewable energy, with solar and hydro projects generating
significant demand for our high voltage and grid integration products. Transformers drew strong
interest from rail and metro companies alongside top utilities to cater to rising power demand.
We put unwavering efforts at stabilizing our supply chains and improving efficiencies. At the
same time, we made solid headway toward our sustainability goals in the quarter.
This year, we released our 2030 carbon neutral goals. We had set short, medium and long term
targets to advance the energy transition underway in India as well as around the world. We had
committed to 100% renewable energy consumption by all over factories and offices and
projects…….. by March 2022.
I am happy to share that as of today we have achieved 100% fossil free electricity at one of our
factories and we are very much on the way to reach our target by March 2022 in the remaining
part of our factories. We completed all energy audits and SF6 management plans, among other
measures, required to implement the transition to 100% fossil free operations in all our other
factories as well.
We strive to champion the urgency and pace of change needed to reach Net Zero. Achieving the
promise of a carbon-neutral future means integrating large-scale renewable energy – overcoming
complexity and capacity issues and cutting waste.
In that direction, as part of a global initiative within the company to reward excellent
environmental strategies and overall performance of manufacturing units, our Common
Apparatus Unit in Maneja ranked the highest among 33 global units for waste recycling, LED
lighting, solar power generation and its use.
In addition to making notable headway in decarbonizing our operations, in today’s board
meeting, we proactively constituted an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
Committee of Directors to track our performance and the shareholders’ value. In today's board
meeting, this has been decided, and as you know our technology and our portfolio shall enable
carbon-neutral future for our customers. So we are taking a new role in not only announcing the
2030 carbon strategy but also taking the leading goal in announcing the committee of directors
at the board level to track the performance of the ESG.

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 4 of 14
At Hitachi Energy, sustainability is at the heart of our focus. And we are energized and motivated
by the shared goal of accelerating a carbon-neutral future for the generations to come.
Moving to the Slide #7. Resolute in our vision and goals, within our control we have ensured a
well-rounded performance. Besides making headway in segments that will advance the energy
transition, we have ensured inclusive skill development under various programs and initiatives.
Be it supporting young women in engineering colleges through financial aid and career
opportunities or advancing diversity and inclusion at workplace under our Diversity 360
program.
Collaboration internally and externally is key for us to co-create solutions that benefit society.
Collaboration is also extremely important during this changing energy transition. We look at the
whole picture of social, environmental, and economic value in our growth.
We have continued to add our voice and thought leadership on key issues at prominent forums
to lead the narrative on energy transformation.
Moving to the Slide #8, We believe that electricity will become the backbone of the entire energy
system. It is, as we can see, crucial to the sustainable development of societies and industries. It
needs investment in the evolution of our power grids as well as in brain power.
Education is a fundamental driver of the change we are seeking. Since the start of our standalone
operations, we have been investing in academia and building solid underpinnings for a
sustainable energy future. In the same fashion, in the quarter under review, we partnered with
premier institute IIT Roorkee on smart and sustainable campus energy ecosystem.
The project includes the setting up of an integrated energy and digital platform, embodying
intelligent and futuristic energy, transport and waste management systems that can minimize
harm to the planet.
Our smart electric grids lab at National Institute of Technology Warangal was inaugurated by
Honourable Education Minister Mr. Dharmendra Pradhan. Our aim is to create the right
educational framework and facilities to ensure talent that can facilitate reliable and clean power
for all. And we have made some progress there to drive sustainable development which takes
me to the economic environment in the September quarter.
Moving to the Slide #9, India appears to be on a recovery path. The country is projected to be
the fastest growing major economy in the current financial year. The Indian government expects
double-digit growth in FY22 and 7.5-8.5 percent in the next financial year. This growth rate is
expected to sustain for the next decade.
Covid cases are coming down, core sector output is going up. This is good news. However, we
have many risks for which we must remain watchful. About 80 percent of our population is yet
to be fully vaccinated, while the risk of infections around the festive season remains.

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 5 of 14
Speaking of the operating environment for business, the aftermath of the first and second Covid
wave has resulted in soaring demand while supply lines are being stretched thin with traffic
congestion at ports. Fuel prices are record-high and core inflation, which excludes food and fuel,
likely indicates impending inflationary pressure.
While electricity demand is expected to grow 8-8.5% in FY22, risk of a power crisis emanating
from coal shortages may dampen supply and impact production at core industries, softening the
pace of economic and business revival. The good part is that Government has assured that there
will not be any shortage of coal.
Hence while we have opportunities in the pipeline, we cannot be wholly sanguine yet.
Moving to the Slide #10 In the third quarter, all the headwinds I have discussed notwithstanding,
we remained the partner-of-choice for our products, services and software solutions. Transport
and industries alone drove about half the order book, handled predominantly through direct sales.
We continued to make headway in our key focus areas such as renewable integration, metro and
rail, all essential drivers of our business growth and also in line with our Vision 2025. We catered
to about 1GW worth of cumulative renewable orders, alongside pegging a 150 percent jump in
our performance in railways and metros and 5 percent increase in industries compared to last
year. Our contribution to power quality, however, left much for wanting. We aim to increase our
share there in the months ahead.
Moving to Slide #11, exports remained healthy, contributing more than 18% to the order book
in this quarter and cumulatively, if you take nine months, our exports are in the same range as
we have been talking about, between 20% and 25%, so in exports, cumulatively for nine months,
we are around 22%.
Among others, orders for the exports in this quarter we received breakthrough high voltage
orders from key utilities in South and Latin America, Eastern Africa as well as an order for our
power systems studies from an FMCG company in South Asia.
Our Southeast portfolio continued to deliver as we received first-of-its-kind Automation order
from Haryana state utility, booked our biggest Online Dissolved Gas Analysis order from coastal
Gujarat, our First Healthcare Remote Asset Management Order in the Renewable Energy space
in Asia for 750 MW Solar Photovoltaic plant in Rajasthan on Grid Automation and Cyber
Security orders for power stations, metals and petrochemical companies in addition to several
others.
Our Consultancy business attracted companies in power, aviation, textiles, manufacturing and
specialty intermediates for synthetic studies. Customers trust remained rock solid despite
difficult market conditions.
Moving to the Slide #12, Our three-pronged strategy, put in place at the peak of the pandemic,
of protecting our people, preserving business continuity and preparing for the new norm,

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 6 of 14
continued to support us in walking uncertain market conditions. Even amidst commodity market
and supply lines turbulences  we delivered a credible and sustained performance.
As of September 30, 2021, our order backlog stood at INR 4,896.5 crore, which will unlock
revenue streams in the coming months.
Our profit before tax was INR 47.2 crores while net profit was up over 614 percent YoY at INR
34.3 crores. Operational EBITA stood at INR 55.6 crores in the September quarter, with EBITA
margin at 6.5 percent.
High inventory build-up in our factories, mainly for our high demand products, due to the supply
line crunch, deferment of revenue and high input costs impacted our cash flow. We had to borrow
intermittently during the quarter.
Easing of port congestion, stability in commodity markets and input costs are likely to bring
relief and improve our short-term liquidity position.
Moving to the Slide #13, our priorities ahead, as I have been also telling you in the previous
quarters, we invest in India for the long-term. While we aim to introduce new products to capture
a bigger share of the market, our goal is to localize our portfolio. Build indigenous capabilities.
We will continue to make in India for India and for the rest of the world.
Our key focus will remain protecting our people and along with them building our capabilities
in high-growth segments such as rail, datacenters, transmission, renewables and HVDC and
smart light. The Indian government has set ambitious targets in each of these.
We will concentrate on accelerating our growth through services, digital solutions, and exports,
leveraging our strong local footprint. We have a comprehensive portfolio of future-ready and
state-of-the-art products, software, services, and systems to cater to them.
Commitment to lowering the carbon footprint of our operations, product localization,
digitalization of the grid will be a part of our yardsticks to measure our success.
Nothing is complete without our people. Their safety, their growth and their upskilling will
remain in focus for us.
In this Energy Transition, it is crucial that we take on the challenge of accelerating the pace of
change. We see ourselves playing a leading role through our digital and energy platforms, as the
partner of choice for our customers and for the industry, to advance a sustainable energy future
for all.
Moving to my last slide, it's a very important slide, as you see that, you may already be aware
that we are already using a Hitachi Energy slides, you may already be aware that globally our
promoter company Hitachi Energy went live on October 13, 2021, that means they have changed
the name globally from Hitachi ABB Power Grids to Hitachi Energy globally. So, in India, we

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 7 of 14
are in the process of securing approval from the Ministry of Corporate Affairs for a change in
the local company name to align with the global entity. As you know that our shareholders have
already approved the name change and while I would refrain from sharing more information on
that until the change actually happens, I can say that I and my entire team are very excited to
start this new chapter in our history. Our new purpose of Hitachi Energy is advancing with
energy in future for all. We are advancing the world's energy system to be more sustainable and
secure.
As a pioneering technology leader, we collaborate with customers and partners to enable a
sustainable energy future for today's generation and those to come.
So, with that, thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to open the channel for your
questions.
Moderator:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of
Saurabh Shah. Please proceed with your question.
Saurabh Shah:
A couple of questions on the financial Slide #11. Now, slowly, hopefully, if COVID doesn't
come back in a meaningful form which affects our operations, what kind of revenue lines do you
see for the next three months or how should we look at a normalized kind of a revenue number
from Rs.850 crores, last year it was Rs.950 crores, so do you see this trajectory kind of moving
up largely or you expect this to be similar in the next two or three quarters, how are you seeing
the order execution timelines minus of course any COVID disruptions?
N. Venu:
As you know, being a listed company, we don't give any forward-looking statement, but I like
to give a little bit of pointers so that you understand. I think with the COVID, as you rightly said,
hopefully behind us and we don't see big waves as we have seen previously, we expect the
revenue to come back to better than the pre-COVID level.
Saurabh Shah:
So, the orders kind of intake going up especially on a QoQ basis, do you expect that to
accelerate… I am not talking of next couple of quarters, just given the way we had announced
the demerger and the focus, are you seeing a slightly higher uptick in the revenue growth rate
and all or it would be in the Rs.1,000 crores range only?
N. Venu:
As you can see, our nine months cumulative will be already seeing an uptick in our revenue and
if you really look at the nine months year-on-year there is already an 11.5% increase in the
revenue, right. So that is considering the COVID situation. So definitely, we will look at uptick
in that.
Saurabh Shah:
Which segments do you see the highest growth coming from, which has really reflected yet in
the order book, but in terms of new tenders being put out, where do you see most relevant growth
for the business in the next two or three years?
N. Venu:
The next growth segments are very clearly we have been articulating; one is that the rail segment
is definitely a big growth, rail segment one is that cross country, one is that India's railways

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 8 of 14
ambition of net zero by 2030, so that is accelerating 100% electrification of the rail. So that is a
definite growth area. In addition to that, we see also the cross-country electrification and we see
a regional rail and then also we see some of the metro rails, today if you really look at metros,
there are power systems, data systems. So that is definitely a growth area for us. And then one
more big area where we are yet to see is the high speed rails. So those are very big projects and
that will really see a huge amount of growth in the rail that is the one segment. And the renewable
continue to have the growth. As you know, the Government of India's target is to have 450 GW
by 2030. So even if you take factors, so we need to do at least two to three times more than what
we have been adding in the renewable bag. So, that is a huge amount of opportunity and growth
for us. And then the data center is also a high growth segment with the data privacy laws coming
in. So this has quite a high growth thing in addition to our traditional thing. As and when the
industry CAPEX starts, so we will see those things are also coming up.
Saurabh Shah:
You mentioned the three growth segments and this COVID kind of headwinds going away. So,
what kind of margin profile do you see because year-on-year, again, we see a slight dip in the
margins, from 7.2% to 6.5%, this is operational EBITDA do you see things the new kind of
orders in renewables, you mentioned data centers and all that where it sounds like they are
certainly much more private sector-oriented, do you see better margins going forward on a
sustainable basis?
N. Venu:
Again, we don't give a forward-looking statement but we have been always saying that we have
a clear strategy and plans in place to take the operational EBITDA to a double-digit range over
a period of time in a sustainable manner.
Saurabh Shah:
I know it's not a statement of when it will happen, but what would be your target – would you
see in the next year, two years, how do you see that?
N. Venu:
Next two, three years.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Kunal Sheth. Please proceed with the question.
Kunal Sheth:
I just wanted to understand what can be a growth rate in each of our end market if I were to think
from a five year perspective and therefore how should we think about ABB Power growth rate
in that time period? What I am trying to understand is that as we understand apart from data
center, the metros, the renewables are anywhere between 5% to 10% kind of a growth market if
I understand correctly, I would love to hear your thoughts on this one? And what should be the
multiplier at which ABB Power can grow over with market boom?
N. Venu:
Again, we will give you a bit of pointers for you to make an assessment. So we are very
consistently saying that our strategy is to grow higher than the market. The market is growing at
a percentage and we want to grow ahead in the market because we are taking a lot of proactive
actions. So, some segments are growing high single digit right now and we see they are slowly
moving to close to double digit as economy going up and also the headwinds from COVID will
slowly recede. So all these factors put together, these segments will start moving towards high

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 9 of 14
double digit side. So, that is what our assessment is. We also see energy transition is a big thing
coming in addition to the thing what we talked about and energy transition is enabled with a lot
of investments in the grids, in the power systems, just to quote a one, recently International
Energy Agency who released the report India-specific, As per them, to take care of this kind of
challenges and the growth elements, India needs to add the power system the size of European
Union. So, that's a kind of the growth levers we are seeing in view of the decarbonizing, energy
transition, interconnections, HVDC, etc. I have been also telling you maybe we are a very few
companies, we never stop investing even during the COVID. So, as we are talking, our
investments are going in various factories, close to Rs.250 crores worth of investments are
happening, localization, expanding our portfolio, not only for the local market but also to the
exports.
Kunal Sheth:
Sir, would it be possible to put a price to each of our end market, a very rough number?
N. Venu:
No, we have not been giving those prices, Kunal.
Kunal Sheth:
My second question is pertaining to ABB India and Hitachi Power. If you can help us refresh
the difference in end markets that we are catering to especially I wanted to understand from a
context of spaces where there are applications for LV and HV where both can participate. Do
we collaborate or how does that relationship work?
N. Venu:
Our end customers are very clearly defined. They are utilities, industries infrastructure transport
and also the new segment such as data centers, mobility and renewable integration, etc., So a
whole of our company portfolio lies on four businesses, i.e., high voltage, grid automation,
transformers and then grid integration. Grid integration we mean is the substation, the HVDC,
the power quality and then eMobility is part of our grid integration and then the grid automation,
where we talk about substation automation, then SCADA, asset performance, all are in that. So,
there are some areas. This is our portfolio and in markets very clearly defined. So, there are areas
where take for example, a data center, when a customer approaches with both high voltage and
electrification. So we do coordinate, wherever possible but there is no compulsion on us that we
have to only grow with some X or Y in that. While there is an anti-competition from ABB to us,
but there is no reverse anti-competition clauses there with us. So we are free to offer our things.
But having said that, we will try to wherever possible to collaborate and co-create these kinds of
things.
Kunal Sheth:
If I understood it rightly there are certain products which are overlapping in terms of where both
you and ABB India are present. Our understanding was that the portfolios are clearly defined
and bifurcated into different end markets, LV, HV?
N. Venu:
There are no products or overlapping between us and our previous company, Kunal. So all the
products are clearly distinctly different. So what you are talking about is application, take for
example, data center. So what our previous company can do and what we can do, there may be
some overlapping here, but other than that the products are very clearly defined and segregated.

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 10 of 14
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Renu Baid. Please go ahead.
Renu Baid:
I have a few questions. My first question is on the performance. If we remember right, in 2Q,
we had almost Rs.200 crores of slippages in revenue due to COVID second wave. In the second
quarter, we were expecting relative improvement in the pace of execution; however, again,
because of supply chain challenges, Rs.54 crores short of expectations because of these
constraints. So, effectively, are we somewhere looking at execution pace slowing down for us
for external matters or we are also seeing customer readiness to accept these deliveries being
soft. And by when should we expect revenues coming back to close to the Rs.1,000 crores level
in terms of the overall trajectory, if you can help us give some more insights on this?
N. Venu:
It's kind of different set of challenges in this quarter and that's the reason we did miss it, but from
a customer side, I don't see any of those limiting factors because I see many of the customers are
in fact asking us to accelerate the pace of executions, etc., in that. There could be single digit
percentage of the customers not lifting because we also have strict cash over revenue policy.
That even though if customers were ready, our materials are ready until customers pay, we will
not be in a position to ship it. So that always has a single digit percentage thing is there. But
having said that, we do believe that the customers looking at taking the material, we are
cautiously optimistic to come back to the pre-COVID level what you are talking about in this
quarter onwards.
Renu Baid:
But at least do you see the headwinds on execution and because of this external reason easing
out from 3Q, 4Q onwards as we are already in the second half of the fiscal year or they might
continue for some more time?
N. Venu:
Headwinds especially on the ports, etc., I don't think it will go away overnight or in the next
couple of months or just like that, but what we have also taken action is the better planning,
better booking of the ships well in advance, taking extra actions to book those kind of things. So
those actions in our view should mitigate that problem.
Renu Baid:
Secondly, with the transition to Hitachi Energy, how far are we now with respect to complete
control coming in the hands of Hitachi and if you can share in terms of by when are we expecting
the closure of the overlap of tech and IT charges which we have with ABB? And also by when
do you think should the remaining 20% acquisition of the stake happen in the JV by Hitachi
globally?
N. Venu:
You asked three questions, Renu. On the transitions to Hitachi Energy, as I told you, I have
shown in my last slide, globally, we have done on 13th of October. So, we have
completed…when I say completed means our name globally has changed from Hitachi ABB
Power Grids to Hitachi Energy . So that is what the accord is. So there is no change of a strategy,
there is no change of our line of business, there is no change of our way in which we serve our
customers, etc., It will continue to be run by us.

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 11 of 14
Renu Baid:
No, not from the business perspective, but just from a three year transition of that from a JV
structure of Hitachi portfolio?
N. Venu:
So that is one. Second, when it comes to India, I also told you it is under process, so we will
slowly come to that. Second, Hitachi ABB Power Grid joint venture which was supposed to be
for three year period, that is we started last year; 2020 July and it will go up to 2023. So until
that, the remaining 19.9% stake which ABB was holding it, they will retain with that. And please
note this minority stake is only at the global level. So that is for a three year period and it will
stay there. The third is IT cost you are talking about. As you know, we have already explained
last time, right now we are under the TSA exit cost, ABB is providing the IT services support,
but at the same time parallely we are building our own state-of-the-art world-class REIWA
system globally and those things will continue until 2023.
Renu Baid:
Those overlap of the cost will continue until this JV structure of 80:20 continues with ABB,
right?
N. Venu:
Correct.
Renu Baid:
On the business side, two things; a), you mentioned the transport industry is now at almost 50%
of the orders that we have. How large have we now scaled up in terms of revenues and were
expecting that this portfolio from a long-term will slowly be 50% or higher, so is this mix broadly
look sustainable for us in revenue terms as well? Secondly, on power quality, where you
highlighted compared to some of the other focus areas, power quality witnessed some decline.
So is this more because of the timing of the opportunity coming in the end market with the
customer and delay in revenues or probably we have seen increased competitive pressures or
probably loss of some orders due to competition?
N. Venu:
Power quality in our view is purely a timing perspective. That's one. And then to your first
question, industry’s growth is sustainable. We were saying especially on the transport and
industry side. And I was also telling you in the beginning to another colleague that one of the
high growth segments where we are looking at is transport and we will see a multi-year growth
with so many drivers I talked about in that. So basis which and also slowly the industries are
making a small, small CAPEX and with that we should be in a position to see if not at least 50%
but a very high visibility of this.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Umesh Rawat. Please go ahead.
Umesh Rawat:
My first question is related to the gross margin for the quarter which is at around 41% which has
increased on a year-on-year basis despite raw material prices has gone up significantly. So, any
particular reason why gross margin has improved year-on-year despite the commodity variations
going against us?
N. Venu:
Our CFO, Ajay. You are on the call?

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 12 of 14
Ajay Singh:
Yes. Let me give a color to this. So in the current quarter if you see compared to the earlier
quarters, our gross margin improvement has mainly come because of the product mix. It is a
product mix that is helping us for the gross margin improvement. Compared to the earlier
quarters, if you see our exports and service has improved, that is also contributing for the gross
margin improvement. But largely if you see, it is on account of the product mix.
N. Venu:
Just to add to our CFO, we are showing this Slide #9 continuously, how our strategy is to go
towards more products services and software and those kinds of things. You can see that our
products services has much more bigger share of wallet than the projects. So, that's also our
strategy to move towards high growth segments and also towards a good margin segments.
Umesh Rawat:
So going forward, do you see structurally our gross margins remaining above 40% or
consistently improving because we are targeting higher share of revenues from exports as well
as from services?
N. Venu:
I don't want to put a target on the gross margin. As I told you, we have taken a target ourselves
to come to operational EBITDA of double digit margins. So that is what is our endeavor to do
that. So, we will do all that. We will also do operational improvement. We will also look at the
gross margin improvement by adding on value added digital, service, etc.,
Umesh Rawat:
My second question is if you can share some light on the competitive intensity right now
especially since last three, four quarters because one of the domestic players is coming back
aggressively in the market into the power products and systems?
N. Venu:
When it comes to the competition, we have seen all these players before also, we will also see
players after that. And our view is that competition is good for the sector, for our customers.
And what we also always ask for is a level playing field in that. So we have a very clear strategy
to bring the differentiation in front of our customers, differentiation in terms of the technology,
differentiation in terms of the digitalization, differentiation in terms of decarbonizing efforts for
the customers. So all these things would give us a due respect and due share in the market and
that's what we will look at it. Always, competition will be there, it was there also previously.
Umesh Rawat:
Sir, my third question is in the previous concalls you have mentioned the HVDC pipeline in the
near-term considering three, four projects which are under discussion. So, just wanted your view
on the timeline? And second, on the high speed rail project between Ahmedabad to Mumbai
where initial package ordering has been done and now some tendering work is expected to start
and you have mentioned previously in the concall that there will be a synergy in between Hitachi
and the funding agencies because of the same parentage or same country, that is Japan, so
basically just wanted to know your view on the ordering from the HSR opportunity and which
particular products you are expecting orders to come in for HSR?
N. Venu:
Let me answer your first question on the HVDC, it's a very important question. So, we have been
telling very clearly that energy transition is quite big, the HVDC technology is an extremely
important technology in making a grid more flexible, make robust and enabling the penetration

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 13 of 14
of the renewable even more in that. So basis which we also said that we believe at least one
HVDC project to come for bidding in the market for one per year at least for the next three to
four years. This is what we have been telling and we are consistent in that. While we are talking
one project is under bidding and there are other couple of projects under various stages of
approval to come for bidding and that's exactly where it is. So basis which we are taking a lot of
actions here to localize some of the equipments and bring more skills and improve our
efficiencies, etc., to take care of those things whenever it is available for us, that's number one.
Number two is on the high speed rail. Now, we are part of the Hitachi's ownership. So we do
qualify for this wherever the Japanese fund is there as a step component as part of wherever our
portfolio comes, that's called as a step component, we do qualify for the step component of those
projects, and we are working with our company in Japan on this HSR basically the high speed
rail project, Ahmedabad to Mumbai and right now as you know the civil has been awarded and
then the work is going on. So these electrical and the balance of systems, SCADA and things
like that will come maybe in the next year or something like that.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Jeetu Panjabi. Please go ahead.
Jeetu Panjabi:
I have got a few pointed questions at a high level, right. So, I heard you say that you expect to
grow faster than industry. I would love to understand how you articulate your competitive
advantages to do that? Two, when you sit down with the Japanese Hitachi bosses over there,
how would they calibrate success for this company in India and how would you personally
calibrate success in your eyes as well and what would be the most difficult part of the journey
to get there?
N. Venu:
Very good questions. On the competition side, our competitive advantage which you talked
about, as I told you, we are continuously investing in localization of the footprint, investing also
to bring our products which so far we are using complete imported products to localize it and
third one is we are also improving the skill sets of our people because the shift in the energy
transition is making the total portfolios totally different, digital, artificial intelligence base and
so on and so forth in that. So, that's the reason we are saying that we are able to take care of the
competition with this kind of multiple actions already in place both localizing it and then
broadening our portfolio and in addition to that exports also one of our key strategies we set,
exports is over a period of time will go to 20%-25% and I am happy to tell you that within the
nine months period we already were more than 20% of exports in that. So, that is how our overall
competitive advantage in that. So, how do you see the success from our shareholders standpoint
or our global shareholders? It's a very important for us to know that how do we increase our
shareholders value and how do we improve our customers processes, efficiencies, how do we
decarbonize it, how do we ensure that we bring the more diversity, all these things is part of our
KPIs which is also part of our global shareholders who will see the success of that. Sustainability,
I talked about is a key important element, right. We are a technology player, decarbonizing the
whole of energy system. So we have to set ourselves as a benchmark. So that's the reason we
announced that by 2030 we want to be carbon neutral in all operations. In that the first step is by
end of this fiscal year, all our factories, project sites, offices will be powered through 100% fossil
fuel. So these are the things we are setting ourselves as a target so that we are able to walk the

ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited
October 22, 2021
Page 14 of 14
talk on this and able to set ourselves as a benchmark in that. So, we also started a committee of
the board of directors on the ESG. All these things are quite important in the decarbonizing
efforts of the energy systems. So the success is stakeholders’ value and taking care of our
customers’ things and our people.
Jeetu Panjabi:
I think the one part is what in this journey will be the most difficult part that indulge you from
getting there or what will be the biggest challenge to overcome you have to get there?
N. Venu:
The biggest challenge is that we always have this kind of uncertainties like we have seen the
COVID wave-1, wave-2, we see a sudden logjams in the port, etc., these are the uncertainties
we have to face, so we got to be more resilient, able to take care of those kind of things.
Moderator:
The last question is from the line of Priyank Chheda. Please go ahead.
Priyank Chheda:
I understand you have been elaborating every quarter. As to how the synergies between Hitachi
India and Hitachi global parent has been improving, if you can help us understand more into
how the business prospects have changed and particularly if you can highlight on how the
business share on the Lumada platform progress on that?
N. Venu:
Again, we have been saying that we started this synergies only after we became part of the
Hitachi ownership, because until that it was anti-trust, we were not supposed to exchange and
share the information. So we started doing that and the low hanging fruits were high speed rail
and those kind of things we are working very closely with them and seeing the movement on the
ground is going very well. We also said that Hitachi has invested very heavily on the IoT
platform, is very respected IoT platform globally. We would like to leverage that IoT platform
and offering our enterprise software suits on IoT platform. So we have been also discussing and
doing some pilots here and there and making a progress in that. So we have very clear milestones
on that. So we are on track as far as those synergies are concerned.
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question for today. I would now like to hand the
conference over to Mr. N. Venu, Managing Director and CEO, ABB Power Products and
Systems India Limited for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir.
N. Venu:
Thank you, operator. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, a very big thank you for your patience
and taking time from your busy schedule on attending to this conference call. Please reach out
to us if you need anything, we are happy to provide and engage with you. And we will be looking
for the upcoming investors call. Hopefully, we will see each other face-to-face. And until that
please take care, stay safe and also I take this opportunity to wish you all a very happy festival
season, Happy Diwali. Thank you.
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ABB Power Products and Systems India Limited, that
concludes today session. Thank you for your participation. You may now exit the meeting.
