GR House, 
Hiran Magri, 
Sector-11 
Udaipur, Rajasthan-313002, 
India 
Ph.: 
+91-294-2487370, 
2483033 
JAS·ANZ 
~-fil- 
'""• •iiii'='i Eliii'='W 
r.. ...j. -· j 
ISO 9001:2015 
Reg. No.:RQ91/6251 
REGISTERED 
OFFICE 
: 
Revenue 
Block No. 223 
Old Survey No. 384/1, 
384/2, 
Paiki 
and 384/3, Khata No. 464, Kochariya 
Ahmedabad, 
Gujarat-382220, 
India 
Email : info@grinfra.com 
I 
Website : www.grinfra.com 
HEAD OFFICE 
: 
CORPORATE 
OFFICE 
: 
2nd Floor, Novus Tower 
Plot No. 18, Sector-18 
Gurugram, 
Haryana-122015, 
India 
Ph.: 
+ 91-124-6435000 
Enclosed: 
As above. 
Sudhir Mutha 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No. ACS18857 
For G R lnfraprojects Limited 
Yours sincerely, 
You are requested 
to take this information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
In terms of the Regulation 
30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
& 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of an 
earnings conference call on results for the quarter and half year ended September 2021 held on 
Tuesday, 
16th November 2021. 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: 
Transcript of an earnings conference call on results for the quarter and half year ended 
September 2021. 
National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai -400051 
Symbol: 
GRINFRA 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai -400001 
Scrip Code: 543317 
18th November 2021 
G R INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as G.R. Agarwal Builders and Developers 
Limited) 
CIN : U45201GJ1995PLC098652 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“G R Infraprojects Limited Q2 FY-22 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJENDRA KUMAR AGARWAL – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, G R INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
MR. ANAND RATHI -GROUP CFO, G R 
INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. PARIKSHIT KANDPAL - HDFC SECURITIES 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of G R 
Infraprojects Limited hosted by HDFC Securities Limited. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involves risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Thank you Jacob. On behalf of HDFC Securities, I would like to thank the G R Infraprojects for 
giving us the opportunity to host this Q2 FY22 Results call. Today we have with us on the call 
Mr. Ajendra Kumar Agarwal – Managing Director of the company and Mr. Anand Rathi, the 
group CFO. Without taking further time, I would like to hand over the floor to Mr. Ajendra 
Kumar. Sir for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all for the quarterly and half yearly call discussion for 
the financial results for the quarter ended on 30th September ‘21. I have with me the company 
CFO - Mr. Anand Rathi. After 19th November 2021, when the company was listed this is the 
second earning call. Investors had shown their confidence in the company during the IPO and 
after that also the way in which they have been supporting the company, I would like to say 
thanks to all of them. And I am feeling very delighted to host the second earnings call of the 
company.  
 
Firstly, I would like to give some industry updates and after that we will discuss on the quarterly 
and half yearly company’s performance for the quarter ended in September ’21. Government 
has paid good attention to the investment lead economic growth strategy and have brought in 
pace in the CAPEX for infrastructure segment, in last year the CAPEX has increased around 30-
35% in the National Highway and keeping in mind the good awards in the next financial we 
hope that this growth remains stable. In FY26 the National Highway CAPEX investment is 
expected to increase to around Rs. 5 lakh crore. And in conjunction with this, we are also 
expecting that the Bharatmala Pariyojana to start in 2024, the total length of which is nearly 
30,200 kilometers. The Honorable Minister, Shri Nitin Gadkari’s aim is to achieve 100 kilometer 
per day, apart from that many tenders have been called in Metro sector also, like Bangalore 
Metro, Nagpur Metro, Chennai Metro, Bhopal Metro, Patna Metro, Noida Metro, Indore Metro, 
Ahmedabad Metro, Delhi Metro; the tenders are coming in all these cities. Apart from this, our 
Prime Minister has launched a National Master Plan for PM Gati Shakti multi model 
connectivity, which will provide Railways - Roads to 17 Ministries connectivity to bring them 
all together, a digital platform has been launched for the same. A group has been formed for the 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
President of the Cabinet, EGOS Group, which will completely overview the development of 
master plan for this Prime Minister’s Gati Shakti multi model connectivity. To apply quality 
cum cost based in government’s work, the government has also quality based bidders, which is 
only based on L1 bidders now, apart from that there is a scheme to integrate this along with a 
quality, which will do the quality-based project selection in the coming future. The Finance 
Minster has announced a national monetization of Rs. 6 lakh crore, in which electricity, roads, 
railways, all are included. In this scheme, the Highway’s portion is nearly 26%, means it is 
Rs.1.6 lakh crore. NHAI has recently launched an InvIT for five schemes, whose combined 
enterprise value is Rs. 8000 crore, many UNESCO from pension fund has shown their interest 
in this InvIT, even EPFO and LIC have also bid for it. According to the government rules, now 
the contractors have got the permission for the amount to be released even against the bank 
guarantees, which challenges the arbitration award, this will help in resolving the liquidity issues 
in running the construction sector. National Bank for Financing Infrastructure and Development 
(NBFID) has also been established, which is shaping up now, Mr. K V Kamath is the Chairman 
of this and this has been established to meet the long-term financing requirement, in this there 
will be a development in infrastructure financing, bond and derivatives markets. Generally, in 
all States, now due to the release of lockdown, the traffic growth has increased on the National 
Highway, now the toll collection has also reached equivalent to the pre-covid levels 
approximately with the fast tag toll collection. And we can view the economical revival and keep 
expectation that the coming times will be much better. 
 
Now we will talk about the company’s financial updates. In the quarter 2 of financial year ’22 
we have done a growth of 45.47% in the revenues as compared to quarter 2 of financial year ’21. 
And for H1 half yearly, we have done a revenue growth of 59.69% in FY22 as compared to FY 
21. Due to lifts in lockdown and the continued focus from the government, we have done good 
growth in the last year and we now feel that COVID is to come to an end, however we have 
ensured that all employees working onsite are being followed with COVID protocols and we 
have arranged for highest level safety for them and we have also made medical facilities 
available everywhere. Due to this, employee confidence has been boosted and there is work in 
progress without any hindrance. In the second quarter of FY22 the major challenges that were 
there, one of them was the extended rainy season and the rains were very heavy and apart from 
that the raw material costs have been very steep in cement, steel. these are the major challenges 
currently in front of us. In Q2 FY21, we have bid for around 21 road projects, whose cost is 
approximately Rs. 20,000 crore and apart from this we have bid for nearly 47 in this financial 
year. The total bid now including road and metro are, 41 in highway and 6 in high-speed rail and 
metro whose value is around Rs. 44,000 crore, however in this we do not have results yet for 13 
projects worth Rs. 13,000 crore. We are continuously bidding in road and metro projects and we 
have a firm expectation to build a strong order book, the order book till September ’21 is worth 
Rs. 15,782 crore in which 30 projects are included and apart from this, one metro project worth 
Rs. 592 crore, we are L1 in it, but LOA is still awaited for this. In our orderbook, there are total 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
63.35% comprises of HAM and 31.21% EPC projects. Around 87.29% of our orderbook is from 
NHAI and our road orderbook is spread across in 12 states. Currently we have 23 running 
projects in our orderbook, whose total value is Rs. 7800 crore and 7 projects have been excluded 
from this, since their appointed date is not yet announced, and they are expected to be announced 
soon. We also are confident that we will complete all the projects within time.  
 
Apart from this, we have completed 5 projects in this year, out of which 3 are EPC and 2 are 
HAM. Now in our portfolio, we have total 16 projects of HAM, from which 7 projects are under 
operational, which are completed, 2 are under construction and the 7 projects that were awarded, 
we are yet to get their appointed dates. We have also started to operate in a new Power segment 
and we have created a separate vertical for it and for bidding we have formulated a team, for 
which the process is underway and we will begin bidding in Power transmission also in the 
coming times. Thank you. Mr. Anand over to you for further updates.      
Anand Rathi: 
Thank you sir. Very good morning to all and a very warm welcome to all to the second earning 
conference call of G R Infraprojects Ltd., myself Anand Rathi – CFO for the G R Infraprojects. 
Let me take you through the financial highlights for the half year ended September 2021. In 
terms of our standalone revenue from operations that has increased by Rs. 1432 crore 
approximately, a growth of 59% year on year from Rs. 2400 crore in last half year of the fiscal 
2021, to Rs. 3832 crore. This increase was primarily because of the higher execution as this year 
COVID impact has already gone, it is a minimal COVID impact which we have witnessed this 
year and our consolidated revenue from the operation also increased by Rs. 1500 crore 
approximately, from Rs. 2634 crore to Rs. 4146 crore in this current fiscal. Our standalone 
EBITDA margin has decreased to 16%, largely due to this figure bonus which was recorded last 
year but there was no bonus which we have received in current year and of course again because 
of the material prices as Ajendra sir was telling and margin at group level also decreased to 
20.76% in first half of 2022 from 23.78% from first half of 2021 and this reaction is primarily 
on account of that bonus and again that commodity prices and one more factor was there which 
was GST rebate clarification that was announced by the government in 2nd quarter of this fiscal. 
On standalone basis, our PAT grew by 73% to Rs. 366 crore in current H1 as compared to Rs. 
212 crore in previous H1. On consolidated basis, our PAT has grew by 48% approximately and 
which is Rs. 410 crore in current half year as compared to Rs. 277 crore in last half year. Our 
standalone net worth has also increased by Rs. 365 crore reached the level of Rs. 3969 crore at 
the end of September 2021. Our consolidated net worth has also increased by Rs. 408 crore, 
reached to the level of Rs. 4389 crore at the end of September 2021. Our standalone borrowing 
outstanding at the end of this half year is Rs. 1204 crore, that includes the short-term borrowing 
of Rs. 145 crore, this has witnessed reduction of Rs. 147 crore approximately at the end of the 
previous fiscal as of 31st March 2021, while our consolidated borrowing at the end of this current 
half year is Rs. 4783 crore that also includes the short-term borrowing of Rs. 145 crore, so it is 
increased by Rs. 288 crore. Our consolidated debt equity ratio has also come down to 1.09 at the 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
end of the current half year from the level of 1.13 as of March 2021. If we talk about the 
mobilization advance from the, or the customer advances which we have been receiving from 
NHAI has also gone down to Rs. 144 crore as compared to Rs. 256 crore from March 2020. In 
the first half, the company has made addition into the fixed asset to the tune of Rs. 134 crore, 
our net block of property, plant equipment and all that, these assets is now Rs. 1366 crore at the 
end of first half. This was almost same even at the end of March 2021 it was around Rs. 1373 
crore, so it is almost same. Investment in our HAM projects is, in form of loans and as well as 
equity is now Rs. 1181 crore at the end of this half year, it was Rs. 1194 crore at the end of 
March 2021. Balance promoter contribution, balance contribution which is required from the 
company is around Rs. 1370 crore, which is to be invested in those SPVs in the next two to two 
and half years. Working capital days remain at the same almost at 77 days, which was 63 days 
at the end of fiscal 2021. Our trade receivables at the standalone basis is Rs. 671 crore compared 
to Rs. 897 crore as of March 2021 and trade receivables at group level is Rs. 282 crore at the 
end of first half as compared to Rs. 491 crore as of March 2021. Our unbuilt revenue at the 
standalone basis is Rs. 651 crore compared to Rs. 266 crore at the end of March 2021 and on 
consolidated level, our unbuilt revenue is Rs. 444 crore as compared to Rs. 197 crore as of March 
2021. Inventories are almost at the same level, it has reduced, it is Rs. 967 crore which was Rs. 
1058 crore as of March 2021. Our cash and cash equivalent on standalone basis is Rs. 449 crore 
at the end of first half as compared to Rs. 541 crore, which was at March 2021, at consolidated 
level cash and cash equivalent is around Rs. 731 crore which was Rs. 830 crore at the end of 
March 2021. This is all about the financial highlights, further we believe that Infra is a long term 
play and use of opportunities exists in the country, the sector and a healthy balance sheet with 
good corporate governance and introduces implementation of the strategies are keeping us, our 
company in advantageous position and we will try to do our best to encash all those opportunities 
and fulfill the expectations of all the stakeholders. Again, I would like to take this opportunity 
to thank you all the stakeholders for their support and faith in the company, we look forward to 
your continued support in this company. Thank you very much, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital, please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good afternoon, sir and congratulations on decent set of numbers. My first question is, order 
inflow has been very muted for us in the H1, how is the tendering activity and how much orders 
expected in H2 FY22 and some color on the segment wise or tendering activity? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Generally, the tender activity that is there, you will see that it is in the second half by the 
government. And in the first half, during the first and second quarters, the activity has been less 
due to the rainy season and the regular Covid issues as well but it is very good in the coming 
times and the government has improved the award process in H1, they have awarded nearly 2000 
kilometers’ projects and this will be nearly 4000 kilometers in H2. In Metro also, the tenders 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
have increased so in the coming times, we expect that this will help us in keeping a healthy order 
book. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir do you have any number in your mind, that you are targeting at? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: I cannot give you a fix number but the way the revenue is targeted, it is two times of it. Means, 
anytime we should have the order book for the coming two to two and a half years. We will see 
for each project, so in today’s date there is a construction period of two to two and a half years 
and we take additional six months for mobilization and the appointed date. So generally, we 
should have a three years’ order book with us, this is the way we target. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question was that you said that you will participate for power transmission, so will 
you participate in the transmission bids or will you only do the EPC work for those who will be 
winning the bid. 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: No sir, we are going to bid in the power transmission. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So you are going to compete with Adanis and the Power grid of the world, is it right? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Absolutely. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir is there any particular reason, why we have targeted this segment where I believe the 
competition is already quite high, is that not sir? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Yes, this is the reason to target it, these projects are parallel to our Highway and Railway 
activities and the capability that we have to deal these projects, we deal in the Highway and the 
Metro, there is a quite a lot of similarity in that. Apart from that we have the galvanization plant 
and that kind of manufacturing facility as well. Looking at all these, we expect that we will be 
able to compete in this market. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir lastly, what is your margin guidance for the full year, for FY22? 
Anand Rathi: 
So guidance we have also informed earlier Mr. Mohit, what we are trying is, because the projects 
have not yet started so generally because of that also, I mean our Rs. 16,000 crore order book 
that is there, from that the Rs. 8000 crore order book is pending, waiting for appointed date. So 
the margins go up and down due to that also but then idea is to have this kind of margin continued 
for next one, one and a half year, whatever is our existing order book what we have witnessed 
in last year is around 17% kind of EBITDA margin so that we expect to continue with the same 
kind of margin going forward also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Patel from IIFL AMC, please go ahead. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Mayur Patel: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Just on the margin, given the inflationary pressure, if you 
can just explain how are you dealing with the commodity rally which has happened and how 
confident are you to maintain 17% margins? 
Anand Rathi: 
So let me take this question, I mean because generally we have got escalations clause. So in 
short term of course, there is challenge. Some probably in quarter or two quarters, we may find 
it difficult and there maybe some here and there as some sort of hit that we may witness but then 
over a period of long term, what we believe that, while we will be executing the project, whole 
project this inflationary pressure will not be that significant in terms of while completing the 
whole project because we have got escalation clauses also, so it is not a big challenge. 
Mayur Patel: 
Okay and anything you want to share in terms of monetization plan of your assets? 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, monetization actually we have been working in this particular this side also and because of 
disruption which was created or which inducted I would say rather, I do not know created or 
inducted but then disruption was there because of interest and while we have been holding most 
of the projects under HAM where interest rate is playing a key role and in earlier, I would say, 
in last one, one and a half year what we have witnessed is, interest rate from NHAI side, I mean 
from our earning side has brought down drastically while interest cost was not brought down, 
could not be brought down by the banks to that extent. Now what we have been experiencing is 
that interest rate is also going down for our HAM projects and probably would be, you know get 
better value if we would be able to monetize these assets in the next six months and this is the 
time right what we believe, this is the right time to act in this particular space of monetizing and 
we are working on it, maybe through InvIT or maybe direct selling, is not sure but yes, we are 
looking for but at the same time we are not even under pressure. So, we are eventually getting 
our equity released also with the passing of time, right so it is not a that penetration which we 
have been pulling but then yes, we are working on this. 
Mayur Patel: 
Sure, so next six months we should see some, at least some deals happening in terms of 
monetization, that is the … 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, but we are not desperate, so unless and until we get the good opportunity, so we are not 
desperate, there is no pressure but yes, we are exploring. 
Mayur Patel: 
Just lastly, in terms of competition intensity, like you sounded really positive on the outlook for 
tendering, so can you just share some insights on the competitive landscape, how, what kind of 
intensity are you seeing in the new tendering, has there been any consolidation in the sector from 
the weaker players they have wound up or you think the competition is as live as it was in the 
past? 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Sir, see in this industry the competition has always been there. Not only this industry but any 
industry also, the competition will anyways be there but what the government had released 
during the Covid times, due to the bank guarantees and all, the competition has increased a little 
but maybe post December, this government’s release will not go forward because the covid 
effect is over now and we feel that this opportunity will come back in the market at better levels 
and the way the opportunities are also increasing, means apart from the competition, the 
opportunities are also increasing, due to which we feel that we will be able to maintain our strong 
order book. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Phillip Capital, please go 
ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Hello sir, thanks for taking my question. Sir my question was basically on again, the order inflow 
and the growth potential for the company. I think, we have discussed this many a times but I 
think as we have discussed that, you know the first half the order inflow has been quite weak, in 
the second half we are expecting much better order inflow but given our current order book, if 
we have to basically let us say, grow even by 10% to 15%, we need more than Rs. 10,000 crore 
of order inflow every year. Now maybe this year as NHAI is looking to award around 6000 
kilometers and as you mentioned the orders may come in the second half but going forward, do 
you think the opportunity is there for us to grow in that segment, given that generally, when we 
approach towards to the election period, the order awarding tends to go down. So apart from 
power transmission and all, are there any other revenues where do you think like State Highway 
projects or any other places where you think we can have large chunk of orders coming through? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: As we said earlier, that in 2024 the second Bharatmala Pariyojana scheme is also getting 
launched and in this there is a scope of nearly 30,000 kilometers. And apart from that, like we 
are seeing in power transmission, the second opportunity we see, comes in the construction 
sector but we generally avoid with the States because in the States the contractual obligations 
that are there, the payment disciplines that are there financially are less. We ensure that we bid 
in those projects in the States in which financial discipline scheme is there, proper financially 
closure is there. If you see today only, the inauguration of Purvanchal Express that is taking 
place, the UP government has completed this. This is total of 340 kilometers, in which we have 
completed 88 kilometers, nearly 25% portion is ours, whose inauguration will be done by the 
Honorable Prime Minister. This way, we only go into those projects only in the States, we keep 
a view on those projects in which financially proper discipline is there and we definitely bid over 
there. So, in the coming times, the way the Central government’s and the State government’s 
involvement has increased in the Railways and the Highway, we feel that we will be maintaining 
the growth in the coming times. And this is for sure that along with this the competition will also 
increase and we will have to see new sectors and new things, we are always active on those lines 
and we keep a watch on it. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes sir, great to hear that, my second question is on the power transmission that you mentioned. 
So, sir in which way are we trying to enter in this segment? I think in the last question’s reply 
you said that we are not only going to do EPC, we will bid for the projects, in which we will 
compete with Adani and all such companies. So, I mean, this segment is a little new for us and 
what kind of capabilities are there in this segment and what will be the project size and in which 
pockets are we doing, how much capital are we ready to invest in these projects, if you can give 
some color on it? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: These TBCB projects that are there, tariff based competitive bidding takes place in this and the 
way these projects are executed. The capabilities that we have is the experience that we have in 
Highways and Metros, that experience adds on with this and apart from that the Ahmedabad 
facility that we have, the galvanization plant is there and different manufacturing facilities that 
are there, will help in this all the more. And in the coming times, the projects that are there for 
sure, initially we will try to bid only for projects which are under Rs. 1000 crore, then we will 
move forward step by step for even bigger projects. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Right, sir just my last question. Given that we already have such a big HAM portfolio and apart 
from that, we are also going into proper asset ownership in the power projects, transmission 
projects also, so is it not that gradually from an EPC company we are becoming a company in 
which more assets are there and EPC is also there but the asset share is growing gradually in our 
business profile? So is the management comfortable with this, means are we okay with this path 
that we are taking this company on? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: If you will look at the financial strength in your company, so wherever we are holding an asset, 
none of those assets individually is giving any stress to us. That means the model that we have 
made in the asset holding, is self-sustainable. If you do not consider these projects in the 
company, then also it will not make any difference to me. Our Individual project is of AAA 
rating, we will work in the same way going forward also, that there should not be any liability 
on the company due to the assets. Asset is in the form of asset; it is not in the form of a liability. 
The problem generally arises when we give the name of asset to that project but it is our liability. 
In our company, any project is in the form of asset form only and apart from that, additionally 
we see this opportunity as Mr. Anand mentioned we see its opportunity in monetization also in 
the coming times but we do not have any stress due to that, we are looking at this opportunity 
but there is no kind of hurry in this. We can move forward in these kinds of projects but going 
forward also, we will keep this thing in mind that any project which is an asset, should not create 
any kind of liability on the company. 
Anand Rathi: 
To add on this, in this what is there, because see generally we like to be EPC company only but 
then what problem happens is that in today’s date you will find that there is a big competition in 
the EPC segment. So basically, to keep that ball rolling, what happens with us is that we have to 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
shift from let us say, EPC to asset only for a period of one or two years. We have made assets 
earlier, we have sold assets earlier, we have monetized assets also but then point is, it is very 
much clear in our mind that the asset that we are holding, we should get returns on it, it should 
not be a kind of dump asset, returns should keep coming from it so that we would be able to 
encash it as and when we want, we wish, right? So today we cannot go and bid in EPC because 
the kind of competition which we have been witnessing, means you will not be able to make 
profit from it, probably you may have to book a loss immediately, that kind of bidding is 
happening and for whatever reason. So, you cannot stick to only to one policy that no, I want to 
do EPC only because I have to adjust myself. And what we believe is, that today if we want to 
dilute anything in the company, over the period of next three years we have to dilute, we have 
to dilute the promoter stake up to 75%. The capital that will come and if we find the opportunity 
that capital can be deployed at kind of 20%, 20% higher up, we would always like to you know 
grab those kinds of opportunities, this is what we feel. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital, please go ahead. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Yes, good morning, sir, thank you for taking my question. Sir two questions from my side is on 
the revenue guidance, so first half we have seen our revenues are Rs. 1300 crore, so what could 
be the revenue in the next half because the executable order is low? So, what kind of execution 
we are expecting in H2, whether we are expecting a growth over FY21 or it can be a flat one? 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes sir, so as in terms of numbers, the topline number your question is in the next half, it is 
because that our orderbook, most of the orders as of now, so you can say 50% of the order book 
the execution has not yet started that is why even in our first call I have clearly mentioned that 
probably this year we may not be achieving that kind of growth maybe in the range of 10% only, 
so depends on and what we are expecting is that the appointed date awaited for the Rs. 8000 
crore order book, probably we will be getting the appointed date in the next 1-1.5 month, by 
January end all those projects would be started and hence in terms of growth for the current year 
probably it would be in the range of 5% - 10% only.  
Jiten Rushi: 
What will be the target for next year then? If the projects come under execution, then what will 
be the run rate? 
Anand Rathi: 
See we are even equipped, we are very much comfortable even achieving growth of 20% - 25% 
year on year basis, so that kind of infrastructure we are already built in within our company.  
Jiten Rushi: 
And from the EBITDA margin as you said, so now going forward you are expecting no bonus 
clause from NHAI even with the extension of time, so what could be your steady state margin 
going forward, so are we expected to come down to15% - 16% or we can go back to the original 
working levels?  

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Anand Rathi: 
That actually depends on, generally if we are particularly if we talk about road sector, if we are 
bidding for let us say HAM projects where I have to arrange the equity as well probably my 
EBITDA margin would be higher and if we are only talking about EPC, which we believe that 
probably in next 6 months we will not be getting much EPC but then in EPC we can be even 
comfortable with less than 14% - 15%, that kind of margin for EBITDA but in HAM probably 
what we are expecting is 20% kind of EBITDA margin. So, it depends on what kind of projects 
or what kind of projects we are having in our portfolio or orderbook.     
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir CAPEX which you said of Rs. 134 crore, full year would be around Rs. 200 crore CAPEX? 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, maybe around Rs. 300 crore, not more than that.  
Jiten Rushi: 
And sir as you said that, can you give me the retention money outstanding and what addition 
mobilization advance we are expecting in H2 and also on the unbilled part, your unbilled revenue 
seems to be high Rs. 651 crore as against March which is shared, so why it is so high what is the 
reason for that?  
Anand Rathi: 
See unbilled revenue is the work which we have executed in the last month and for which the 
bill would be raised in the next month, generally this is the unbilled revenue which we are 
accounting, right. So, if we compare September with March, generally in March, because year-
end strategy, the government NHAI releasing the fund even before completion of March, so 
what NHAI is asking is that you just raise the bill up to 20th of March and they would be releasing 
that money up to 28th of March, right. So, for March the unbilled revenue remains only for 10 
days and in September there is no such kind of __39:40 which is being applied or adopted by 
the government, so it is a whole month bill.    
Jiten Rushi: 
But we are doing most probably HAM projects, so probably that will be upstream from your 
SPV right?  
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, so that is also because on 30th of September I cannot bill, right? On 30th September 12 
midnight, it is a E-way billing, it is a GST billing, so you have to calculate, it will take time at 
least 2-3 days to evaluate what work has been done in last one month and I mean I have to close 
if I have to bill it, I will have to bill it before 12 midnight.      
Jiten Rushi: 
And sir on the power team where we are marching on it sir, so are we going to bid in JV and 
again in terms of competition, so we see the Power grid which is one of the largest players in the 
country, like very competitive now because they now can borrow at a very lower rate of less 
than 7%, last year also we saw Power Grid winning most of the projects and then about likes of 
Adani Transmission, Sterlite Power so are we bidding with some backup of some kind of a 
private investor like back to back subcontracting wherein we will bid in the project and after 
COD we will transfer the asset to that investor, we will flip that asset to the investor? Or we will 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
be operating the asset forward like 25-30-35 years, what is your strategy in this? Because this 
seems to be very challenging for you.     
Anand Rathi: 
See, first of all actually we never thought of or we will never think of that we will be holding 
the asset for the whole period, this is not our DNA, be it road or power, right? We always try to 
flip it because we do not want to be in this kind of, see particularly in power when we say the 
asset is already completed, then there is nothing that can be accrued to us, right? Even let us say 
if we are holding road project, probably we will be earning that O&M income and all that, which 
is a substantial part I would say that is not the case with power, so generally if we are bidding 
for power then we would be targeting to sell it off after two years or one year, whatever the case 
maybe but that would be our target, even the same target we are keeping in the road sector as 
well. But then see what has happened in last 3-4 years is because of GST disruption in 
particularly in the road sector we were not into then into power sector, so most of the projects in 
road sector we have been awarded before GST which is right now operational, so there are 
differences in GST claim, when we are selling it of to any investor, probably we may have to 
lose on that particular ground, we have to probably would be losing certain amount on that 
particular GST differential.           
Jiten Rushi: 
My question is more on Power T&D, not on road. 
Anand Rathi: 
Exactly, what I am saying is what we believe is that even we are not willing to hold those road 
assets, certainly there is no attraction for us to hold those power assets for 30-35years and one 
more thing which you highlighted is that is our strength where we are raising the money, we are 
even able to borrow the money from the market at 6-6.5% from the road sector, right? So, that 
kind of goodwill which we are enjoying in the lending market, in the financial market, so that is 
going to certainly, what we believe is going to help us in making ourself competitive while we 
will be competing against The Power Grid or Adani, whatever that is the extent we believe. 
Jiten Rushi: 
We are a qualified independent to bid for these projects?   
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, we are qualifying on independently. And any equity or any investment which we are putting 
into any asset what we are ensuring is that it should, at least earn 16-20% kind of IRR. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir our equity commitment which is remaining, can you give the breakup around as you said in 
the opening remarks that there is balance in equity commitment, so can you give us the breakup 
for that commitment for H2 FY22 and FY23 for the HAM projects?  
Anand Rathi: 
HAM projects H2 is around Rs. 350-400 crore depending on the start of the project and then 
year on year Rs. 400 crore equity investment. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Jiten Rushi: 
Okay and sir last question from my side what kind of __44:24 if you are not able to monetize 
any of the HAM projects, so what kind of additional equity we are ready to commit in HAM if 
you win additional Rs. 4000-5000 crore of orders in H2 and probably will come in next year Q3 
and then again you are going into this power thing, so what kind of equity capital you are ready 
to commit if you are not able to monetize your HAM?   
Anand Rathi: 
See for the HAM actually what the model so far we have made to, need not to put any equity 
investment, we need not to borrow any equity to put equity into HAM projects so far, we have 
been able to maintain our PAT margin more than 10% in the range of 10%, we will be able to 
deploy whatever equity is required for HAM projects, yes of course if we talk about transmission 
probably we are thinking through it and whatever surplus, I mean we are evaluating on that as 
Ajendra Sir also told you that we will not be very bullish on day 1, we will be just evaluating, 
one or two projects we will be bidding and depending on the progress as well as the financials.  
Jiten Rushi: 
No, point is that how much maximum equity can you invest, apart from the equity that we have 
committed, how much more can you invest, if you are not able to sell any of the asset? 
Anand Rathi: 
So, HAM project I can get more and more projects there is no pressure on me to sell existing 
HAM portfolio.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G. Hawa and Company. 
Please go ahead.  
Faisal Hawa: 
The Bharatmala 2 project and the Gati Shakti with which it is being built what will be the biggest 
impact of them on roads? And how fast can it come.   
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: I did not understand the question? 
Faisal Hawa: 
Bharatmala 2 project that is there what can be its effect on roads in terms of value of orders and 
GatiShakti in itself is an overall infrastructure project, so how will the roads actually benefit 
from this, and in value terms how much can the benefit be? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: See this Bharatmala 2 is scheme for roads only it is a 13000 km scheme.  
Faisal Hawa: 
Value wise how much it will be in crore? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Value wise. 
Anand Rathi: 
Total value of Bharatmala is Rs. 535000 crore and in them around 15000-16000 km is already 
awarded and executed and balance 17000-18000 km are pending which will be awarded next up 
to ‘24 this is the plan and in this what is there otherwise also the plan that is there, NIP that the 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
government has declared for 110 lakh crore, till 2025 the investment in road sector particularly 
only on road around Rs. 18-20 lakh crore investment is there on a yearly basis is envisaged. 20-
25% from Rs. 110 lakh crore. So, in every year there is investment of Rs. 3-4 lakh crore 
investment, so the sector it includes both NHAI and State government and the Gati Shakti that 
you are referring to, Gati Shakti is basically a coordinated affair of the government, now what 
is there, roads are there for railways there is no coordination, sometimes because of roads 
railways are stopped and sometimes because of railways roads are stopped. Sometimes roads are 
affected due to power and because of road power is affected, so what they are trying is that every 
agency whosoever is executing the infra project in the industry they should come on board on a 
single platform, so that it would be better in execution, there will be benefit because of this and 
execution will be faster that is the target of the government.     
Faisal Hawa: 
So, you are saying almost Rs. 3-4 lakh crore orders could come through because of this 
infrastructure pipeline, plus Bharatmala? 
Anand Rathi: 
Exactly.  
Faisal Hawa: 
Which is quite big, currently we don’t think so there is such a company which could absorb this 
fully? 
Anand Rathi: 
Right, so at present is that in the last 1.5 years what has happened is the state finances have been 
disturbed, so not much projects are awarded by state, whatever backlog is there that will also 
come through and government is also pressurizing, Honorable Finance Minister Ms. Nirmala 
said yesterday only that they will do upfronting to states in terms of their devolution of GST 
stake, right? So, for next half year GST that should be given, they will give it upfront now just 
to help the state to spend on this infra or to take their plan, so in the coming times __50:13 overall 
the projects that would come in this sector, it would be in the range of 4 lakh crore, year on year 
basis.   
Faisal Hawa: 
So, do you feel that the ticket size could also increase, like right now it is Rs. 1000-1200 crore 
projects, so they may become Rs. 2500 crore or Rs. 5000 crore project and in the Rs. 5000 crore 
project the company’s that are eligible to work will become less? 
Anand Rathi: 
No, sir the project size will increase because the execution cannot be dependent on SMEs, if 
small projects worth Rs. 500 crore are getting awarded that is generally, in them a lot of small 
companies have come now and probably would not be able cope up and if the governments’ plan 
is there, there are so many projects and when a lot of stakeholders come into picture, projects 
get stuck only because of a problem happening in one link of the entire chain and that stalls the 
entire project, so what we believe is that if the government has to work in an organized way then 
going forward, now the SME focus that has come into picture it is only because of pandemic, 
which is going on for the last 1-1.5 years because government’s pressure was that if the projects 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
could be awarded to these small companies, then the industry will be maintained well and that 
is how the government thought but the size of infra development that the government has 
targeted, for that they will have to increase the size.       
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir in this Rs. 3-4 lakh crore if they issue orders worth Rs. 500-700 crore then we will not be 
even able to….. 
Anand Rathi: 
Exactly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Agarwal from Principal India. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Sir thanks, I have two questions. First is that, at present our orderbook comprises 95% of the 
roads. So, given that we are going into Metro and T&D, so what will be the target after three 
years? Is there any target that it will be 20%, 30% should come from the new segments and 
secondly, I wanted to ask Sir that our margin at the moment, if I add other income also, then 
according to the presentation shown by you, was 17.5% in the first half, so wanted to understand 
when we will enter Metro and T&D, then will our margins come down, right? Because when I 
look at the other companies, every company’s margin is less in this segment. So, will our 
consolidated margins come down after that? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: The way we think about this, that we will try to take 15% to 20% from Metro and Power 
transmission in the coming three to five years, up to 80% will be from Highway as it will remain 
our main focus. And as far as margins are concerned, it depends on many things, it also depends 
on the commodity prices also, though in every thing there is a provision of escalation. Indian 
something or the other, sometimes we get advantage, sometimes we get disadvantage, due to 
which plus or minus here and there takes place. Plus, apart from this, the way in the market, 
sometimes the competition is little less, sometimes it is little high, so due to that also, the margins 
go plus or minus 1% or 2%. We cannot say exactly about the market but we can say this much 
that in the coming times in three years, we will focus on Highway sector up to 80%. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
And Sir there was a question for Anand sir, it is a clarification. Anand sir when you said that we 
will target 17% margin in FY22, this includes other income, right? 
Anand Rathi: 
The other income; if we are including other income probably then it can be even, it can go even 
beyond 17%, so it maybe in the range of 18%. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
So, you are saying, it is 17% excluding other income. 
Anand Rathi: 
Right, that would be our target. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Goyal from Enam Holdings. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Goyal: 
Yes, thank you so much. I have two questions; one on price escalation sir, how much price 
escalation we manage to get in EPC as well as HAM projects, in situation where price rise are 
quite steep like what we have seen in the last six, eight months? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Sir, the mechanism of price escalation that is there, it is directly on index basis. So now when 
the price rises suddenly, in any particular month when the escalation rises but if you see its index, 
it will not rise in the same way in that month, a little hit comes there. Same way, if it goes 
downwards, then we get an advantage in it but if we see in the long term, if we see on year-to-
year basis, then neither there is an advantage nor a disadvantage due to price escalation, it gets 
neutralized but in short term we get its advantages and disadvantages. 
Manish Goyal: 
So, sir now in the last six months or nine months what we have seen, so is it possible that we 
will not be able to get say 100% of price escalation for our projects due to the lag effect? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: No, 100% means how much its effect comes in actual; if the regular price is upside, then the 
amount of price that affects us, we are not able to get the same in escalation but whenever it 
becomes stable or goes downwards, then we get its advantage back. If we compare from year to 
year, then it gets neutralized but in short term its effect does come. 
Manish Goyal: 
And sir how does it work out in the HAM projects, because when there is a steep increase, there 
if the price increases a lot, cost of cement, steel and this Bitumen? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: There also the escalation mechanism has been given and it is proper. 
Manish Goyal: 
So, in that, do we get the complete escalation at the time of doing EPC or does it gets added in 
the project cost? 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: It gets added in the project cost, it will be in the same way, so you will get 40% upfront as you 
get it and the remaining 60% gets added in the project cost. That is the reason you will see that 
the project cost that we bid and the final project cost is different, it is due to this only. 
Manish Goyal: 
And sir last question, when we are expecting that we will get the appointed date 22nd January 
for our 7 HAM projects but meanwhile we are anyways would have started the preparation at 
the site. So, once we get the appointed date, definitely there is a possibility that we will be able 
to book some revenues from these 7 projects in quarter 4, sir? 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Sir initially if you see, in any project revenue is a little less, expectation is definitely there, we 
try our best, but generally in the first quarter, like if you see in any project, the beginning is only 
with the earth work and soil work is maximum, in that a little less revenue is generated. 
Manish Goyal: 
Right, so basically in Q4, we may not see significant revenue booking from these 7 HAM 
projects. 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question which is from the line of Rajiv Mehra from Sanctum 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehra: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir just wanted to again come back to your strategy of investing or going 
into the T&D space, just wanted to understand that what kind of equity have you guys decided 
to put in into this segment and how would your working capital and the debt levels move once 
this segment becomes of a decent size in the next couple of years? 
Anand Rathi: 
So yes Rajiv, if we talk about the equity investment, I mean because initially probably we will 
not be targeting more than let us say, we will be bidding for two or three projects with the size 
of around Rs. 500 crore to Rs. 700 crore and depending on the outcome of that particular project, 
our experience in terms of what margins would be making and all that, then only we will be able 
to increase. So, for next two years, I would say, my equity investment in this particular sector 
would be in the range of only Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 400 crore. 
Rajiv Mehra: 
Okay and sir how would your working capital cycle move, if we get into this space because what 
we have seen that, this obviously has a higher requirement as per the industry and as per what 
you are currently into the road space. So currently we are at 77 days, 80 days kind of working 
capital, would that be significantly up? 
Anand Rathi: 
I do not think so, I mean there is no point why these working days cycle should move up because 
when we are into you know, because that funding tie-up is already there and then working 
capital, I do not think that the contractor would be getting the payment on time. I do not think 
there is any challenge in terms of working capital, I think we will be able to maintain our working 
capital at same pace. 
Rajiv Mehra: 
Right and sir what is the kind of bid opportunities are you seeing in this segment, maybe into 
the second half or moving into FY23, so what kind of opportunities are you seeing or have you 
already put a bid for any project? 
Anand Rathi: 
No, so far, we have been evaluating, we have set up the vertical, we have set up some team of 
three, four persons, who is just evaluating and probably what we believe is that we will be able 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
to bid for at least four, five projects in the current fiscal, maybe in the range of Rs. 2000 crore to 
Rs.3000 crore kind of project that we will be able to bid in the current fiscal itself, depending on 
the government thrust and while as the government plan, you know everyone particularly 
government is planning for, have that kind of this power capabilities to have this 500 GW, 600 
GW by 2030. So, what is that, going forward we will be having opportunities subject to always 
that we got the comfort in terms of financials of that sector. 
Rajiv Mehra: 
Right sir and one last question, just wanted to reconfirm, so what kind of order inflows are we 
looking at targeting in FY23? 
Anand Rathi: 
See all the revenues is told know because what we are trying is to have the, you know on our 
book to be bill ratio of around 2.5 to 3, so let us say, if we achieve the top line of Rs. 8000 crore, 
then probably our target o have that closing order book of Rs.20, 000 crore, Rs.24, 000 crore 
kind of orders, so that is how, I mean depending on, what kind of turnover which we are 
achieving, the current year almost 2.5, 2, 3 times of the turnover, will be tried to have in our 
order book. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Who will do the EPC part of the T&D orders, PVCV orders which we will bid for? 
Anand Rathi: 
We on our own will be doing that EPC part. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay and eventually, these assets once they gets completed and if we have InvIT in place, that 
is the movement to the InvIT. 
Anand Rathi: 
That is how we target because we never hold to intend the asset for long because certainly for 
power sector because they grow revenue going forward after once the project is completed. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So basically, the bids entering into the T&D more on a larger strategy of enviable these assets 
into that InvIT and even the InvIT becomes more of a mix kind of road assets, you have T&D. 
So beyond and we can also show the site to investors who will come into that InvIT, so beyond 
T&D, is there any other segment like are you looking and of using a toll assets or airports or 
railways for that matter opportunities in segments beyond the T&D? 
Anand Rathi: 
No, so toll asset also we are looking for, I mean we but then point is, unless and until we ensure 
that kind of return on the equity investment which you are putting into right, kind of 20%, kind 
of IRR, 18% to 20% kind of IRR. So if we find the opportunity, we will be able to certainly we 
will be investing because see then sometimes we find that EPC is quite competitive, getting EPC 
order is very difficult, so it is a kind of that for one or two years probably we would be switching 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
to this and would be able to sell it off as in because the asset which we will be building would 
be having enough revenue, enough margin in terms of what the strategic investor come, when 
probably they can hold easily but the kind of return they would be getting by holding those 
assets. So, my asset, whatever asset I will be holding would be able to, you know we will be able 
to easily split. So that is the target actually, I mean how we are, while in the current scenario we 
will not be able to get more EPC, would be bidding into that sector and then probably one year 
down the line there would be, you know if this competition faded away, probably we would be 
again, will back to that EPC segment, that is our strategy. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just the last thing, so we have standalone InvIT which are available in the market and in our 
sales team mix InvIT is available, also from the large sovereign funds have their own private 
InvIT. So just wanted to check with you whether there are opportunities for tie-ups and strategic 
investors, in a way use kind of an InvIT and whether you will get a project valuation given that 
there could be a mixed use InvIT and more diversified side risks and returns can be played down 
rather than this year while calculated by a (Inaudible) 1:05:51 segment kind of an InvIT. Your 
thoughts here. 
Anand Rathi: 
No, so I did not get your question, your question is that, are we looking for startegic investor or? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
No, I am saying for most of sovereign bond funds have their own private InvIT, so this funding 
may not look at partnering with the individual or standalone companies because they already 
have a vehicle, a CV vehicle for investing, so do you see there are enough opportunities for other 
investors or new investors to come in partner with companies like G R or any other infra 
company? And since most of the InvITs are private, sector specific InvIT so you have not mixed 
use, so do you think you can extract a better valuation, given you have multiple assets at play 
here in this InvIT and those may help you in getting better valuation because this may get little 
diversified? 
Anand Rathi: 
So, I mean, probably we may not to depend only on the investors for the InvIT, we can go, I 
mean we can get the InvIT listed, we can have this InvIT, you know the publicly placed InvIT. 
So what we believe is, so far there is that, there is enough return which is available on that 
investment or equities, whosoever the investor putting into you know InvIT, if we are getting 
decent return probably in the range of 10% and there would be the investor who is willing to 
invest more and more because there are so many pension fund even domestically they are 
interested to put more money into these kind of InvIT where you know, but here if we talk about 
HAM projects, where the cash flows are fixed unlike toll right? So, when we are having toll 
projects also in that same portfolio probably then we would be having a mixed kind of return 
because toll would be risky, HAM would be certain cash flow. Then point is, it maybe worth to 
have that both kind of product in the same InvIT may result into higher returns depending on the 
investor ask, I mean which investor is putting in money, what kind of return they are expecting. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
November 16, 2021 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
There are certain investors who were looking for fixed kind of cash flow, so they do not want to 
take any risk, probably they would be even happy to have that 9% kind of return also, expectation 
probably will do the investment and there are certain investors who would be, you know 
expecting 12% kind of return but then it has to be seen through. We are evaluating all those but 
yes, of course if we talk about power sector, we would be having a separate InvIT and if we talk 
about the road sector, it would be separate, it will not be much, reason being that the holding 
period is different for these two assets, that is how as of now our opinion is but yes, I mean there 
are so many means available to go for InvIT and all that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Parikshit Kandpal from HSFC Securities for closing comments. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
For closing comments, that will be Mr. Ajendra our Mr. Rathiji to close the call. 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Thanks to everyone for your continued trust in the company and the way the government’s focus 
is in the Highway sector, we will keep trying with our full energy that we move our order book 
and execution capability even further, this will only be our focus and we will also be looking 
into different areas. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines.   
