 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
(Formerly Sansera Engineering Pvt Ltd) 
Reg Off: No. 143/A, Jigani Link Road, Bangalore-560 105, India, Tel: +91 80-27839081/82/83.  Fax: +91 80-27839309 
E-mail id: info@sansera.in Website: www.sansera.in CIN:U34103KA1981PLC004542 
    
 
 
November 26, 2021 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
The Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
 
 
BSE Limited,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
 
 
 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400051 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Symbol: SANSERA 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543358 
 
    
 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
Subject: Transcript of Earning group conference call presentation 
Please find attached transcript of Earning group conference call held on November 11, 2021.  
The above transcript will also be made available on the website of our Company at 
www.sansera.in. 
 
Kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
 
for Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Rajesh Kumar Modi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encls: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
Sansera Engineering Limited: Earnings Call – Q2/ H1FY22 
November 11, 2021 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included 
/ omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should 
be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
Host: Good Afternoon and Welcome everyone, thank you for joining today's Sansera Engineering 
Limited Group conference call. This conference call may contain forward looking statements 
about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as 
on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of the future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Kind reminder that your line is mute 
throughout this presentation. If you wish to raise a question at the end, during Q and A session, 
you can either submit your questions in the Q and A Chatbox to the host and presenter or use the 
raise hand function on the Webex page. I will unmute your line and prompt you to speak. I will 
now hand over to our moderator, Kapil Singh: Nomura, Head of Consumer and Digital Commerce 
Research India and Lead Auto Analyst. Hi Kapil, please go ahead.  
 
Kapil Singh: Hi Good Afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining this call today. From the 
management team, we have Mr. B R Preetham, CEO, Mr. Vikas Goel, CFO and Mr Praveen 
Chauhan, VP Operations. Sir, welcome and I hand over to you for starting the presentation. 
 
B R Preetham: Thank you Kapil. Good Afternoon everyone. Just to introduce myself, I’m the 
Group CEO for Sansera, my name is Preetham.  
 
B R Preetham: Happy Diwali and Prosperous New Year to all of you. We welcome and thank all 
of you for joining our first earning call post our listing. On this call, we are joined by our CFO Mr 
Vikas Goel, our Vice President Operation Mr Praveen Chauhan and team from SGA our investor 
relations advisor. We are happy at the overwhelming response to our IPO. We thank all our 
shareholders for reposing their faith in us. We welcome our new shareholders and congratulate 
every stakeholder of the company that is employees, customers, business partners, bankers, 
lawyers who made our IPO listing successful. Since this is our first earning call, I would like to 
give some background on our journey and how we got here. Can we put our presentation? Can 
we get the sharing rights? 
 
So can you see the presentation?  
 
Host: Yes Sir, presentation on screen. Thank you.  
 
B R Preetham: Thank you. Sansera is an engineering-led integrated manufacturer of complex 
and critical precision engineered components. Diversification has been an integral part of our 
journey since the very beginning and today we cater to a large number of OEM customers across 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
25 countries with various products in Auto and Non-Auto verticals. We have 17 manufacturing 
facilities, which are equipped with high end machines, majority of which are built in house by our 
expert team. Our highly experienced and professional management team provides us with a key 
competitive advantage. We are further supported by an experienced Board of Directors with 
diversified expertise. Despite various challenges that Auto and Auto-comp companies faced 
during FY21, our company has been very resilient, and we were able to deploy our fungible 
facilities in the areas where we saw higher demand and delivered revenues of Rs. 15,724 million 
with an EBITDA margin of 18.8%. Our H1 FY22 performance has been very strong, and we 
recorded a revenue of Rs. 9,369 million with an EBITDA margin of 18.5%. Looking ahead, we 
have a very healthy pipeline in hand.  
 
As a company, our vision is to continue to improve our market share and diversify segmentally 
with greater participation in customer value chain, competency enhancement through internal 
collaboration, partnership alliance and facility expansion. Today, Auto-ICE, Non-Auto and xEV 
Plus tech agnostic segments contribute 83%, 12% and 5% of our revenue, respectively. We are 
developing new business by leveraging current capabilities and with capex fungible. We intend to 
develop multiple technology driven systems and components to cater to growing opportunities in 
electrification of vehicles. Over the next five years, the company is targeting an enhanced revenue 
base with Auto-ICE contributing about 60%, Auto tech agnostic and xEV growing to about 15% 
and Non-Auto growing to about 25%.  
 
We are one of the top 10 global suppliers for Connecting Rods within the light vehicle segment 
as well as there are commercial vehicle segments. For the year 2020, within India we are one of 
the leading manufacturers of Connecting Rods, Crankshaft, Rocker Arm and Gear Shifter Forks 
for Two-Wheelers and Connecting Rods and Rocker Arm for their passenger vehicle segment. 
Specifically, we are the largest supplier of Connecting Rods, Rocker Arm and Gear Shifter Forks 
for Two-Wheeler OEMs in India with the largest supplier of Connecting Rods and Rocker Arm to 
passenger vehicles OEM in India. We are a single source supplier in certain product categories 
for some of our key customers and for the remaining a majority source and we enjoy a long-
standing relationship with several well-known Indian and Global OEMs.  
 
Our promoter Chairman and Managing Director – Mr. S. Shekhar Vasan founded this company 
in 1981. We commenced our commercial production of passenger vehicle components in 1986 
with supply of Rocker Arms to Maruti Suzuki. We then grew by commencing supplies to the Two-
Wheeler Industry which turned into four stroke in around 1993 and then to Off Road vehicle 
segment in 2009. We set up a manufacturing facility dedicated to the commissioning of Aluminum 
and Titanium components for the Aerospace Industry in 2013. In 2017, in order to expand 
geographically, we bought a stake of about 100% in a company called Mape in Sweden which is 
now Sansera Sweden, which established a presence in Heavy Commercial Industrial and Marine 
Engine production as well. Further, we set up our aluminum forging alliance in the fiscal 2020, in 
order to cater to the growing opportunities in the light weighting of our vehicles. In our journey of 
four decades there has been a huge emphasis on diversification and going ahead we will continue 
on this path.  
 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Coming to our product offering, in the Auto segment we cater to Global as well as Domestic OEMs 
across the Two-Wheelers, Passenger Vehicles and Commercial Vehicle space. In terms of 
current revenue mix, Motorcycles which dominate the two-wheeler space contributed about 37% 
to our top line in the first half of the year, Scooters accounted for about 10% of our top line, 
Passenger Vehicle grew to 28% of the top line and Commercial Vehicles accounted for 13% of 
the top line. 
 
Within the Non-Automotive sector, we manufacture a range of crucial components for Aerospace, 
Off-Road, Agriculture and other segments like High-End Bicycles which also include engineering 
and capital goods. In our current mix of revenue, though Aerospace is seeing a very muted 
industrial activity, it is actually reduced from 4% to 3% in the first half, Off-Road has accounted 
for 4%, Agriculture has accounted for 3% and the remaining 2% is coming from Bicycles, Industrial 
Engines and also Stationary Engines.  
 
Praveen Chauhan (VP – Operations): Our advanced capabilities in design and engineering, 
machine building and automation result in continuous new product development playing a strong 
foundation for our future growth. Last three years, if you see, have seen much more action with 
addition of a number of key product families in Non-Auto segment, EV and Technology Agnostic 
categories such as in Two-Wheeler EV parts have been developed, Aluminium Chassis parts and 
Suspension parts. Similarly in passenger vehicles, we have added Hybrid parts, Steering parts, 
Braking System parts and a lot of Drive Train parts. Our varied product offerings have enabled us 
to cater to multiple sectors and customers, enhanced our ability to attract new customers. We 
have relationships spanning 10 years or more with 12 of our top 20 customers. Within India, our 
customers include buying out of top 10, Two-Wheeler OEMs and leading Passenger Vehicle 
OEMs. Globally, our customers include six out of top 10 Global Light Vehicle OEMs and three of 
the top 10 Global Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicle OEMs.  
 
B R Preetham: Engineering has always been in the DNA of the company. So, if we have to divide 
our engineering activities into three verticals, the first one will be Product Engineering, second 
one will be Machine Building and the third one will be Automation. As the component industries 
evolved, we’ve also evolved in our capabilities. Initially we used to only make components for 
print, now we have evolved into a position where we are co designing the component along with 
our customers. So generally, how this works is, now for the competent suppliers, the customers 
actually give a statement of requirements which actually only indicates critical dimensions, 
functional dimensions, so the responsibility of designing the whole component, keeping the 
manufacturability to focus is on us. We do that and along with that, after that we also validate our 
designs through a film analysis. 
  
Now we have actually put up a facility for actually validating or testing our components through 
Fatigue Testing Machines. This not only enhances our capability to co-design the components 
with our customers for catering to their increased demands and then, also participate in 
localization of or validation of the new age materials, which are used more and more to reduce 
the weight and increase the strength. This is one of the key strengths of Sansera, where we are 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
being able to get a heads up on the new projects where we are participating in the design at the 
earlier stages of the design itself.  
 
The second and very important aspect of our engineering is the Machine Design capability. There 
are three distinct advantages of this machine building capability. We have built more than 900 
CNC machines, which are working across our 17 plants. These are not standard machines, these 
are highly modular and fungible and highly capable machines including transfer lines.  
 
There are three distinct advantages in our machine building activities. First and foremost is cost 
competitiveness. In most of the cases our machines are less expensive compared to any of the 
comparative domestic or imported machines that are available, Second, they are lean, which 
means that we have an advantage in our operations and third and the most important aspect is 
that we can actually build it much faster than what we can procure. So, in this time of uncertainty 
is when the opportunities come to cater to a new requirement in a very short time or enhance the 
share of business or enhance the products to our customers. In fact, it gives us a significant 
advantage in having such machine building capabilities. Coming to automation, in the last few 
years as the technology is moving up, the precision levels of the components are also going up. 
So this actually demands for us to increase the repeatability and reproducibility and also added 
to this, is also the lack of availability of the skilled manpower. So, keeping this in mind, we have 
started an automation division a couple of years back and our in-house automation teams have 
actually now deployed more than 130 automation systems across our plants, which has been 
helping immensely in our journey into the future. 
 
Praveen Chauhan: We have leveraged our design engineering machine building and automation 
capabilities in our existing product facilities to optimize cycle times to plan our personal needs 
and enhance productivity at the same time. For example, in the case of our Fracture Split 
Connecting Rod lines which happens to be the flagship production in our product categories, we 
are able to utilize our automation capabilities to reduce the number of manual operators per shift 
per line from 23 way back in 2010 to 8 in 2019. Over this period, we have developed six mass 
production lines on the connecting rods. So, this is an improvement of almost around 65%. 
Productivity of these lines at the same time has increased from 4,200 per day way back in 2010 
into today’s standard 5,200 which is close to around 25% improvements. So, both productivity 
and manpower reductions have been possible by virtue of our strong engineering and automation 
teams. Further, we have developed similar manufacturing lines for our newly developed 
suspension products, reaping similar benefits in manpower and productivity.  
 
Sansera today has 16 plants under operations across India, one in Sweden and one under 
construction in India. All our facilities are located in close proximity to the client production facilities 
to the extent possible. Our manufacturing operations are integrated across the product cycle with 
the entire manufacturing process being carried out in-house and coordinated through concurrent 
design and, machine building and automation divisions. These facilities are equipped with fungible 
production lines, fungibility is a very important aspect and we have been making sure that it has 
been there throughout. Besides that, there is an interchangeability in the capacity and these are 
capable of catering the product mix across all categories whether Auto or Non-Auto.  

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
B R Preetham: We believe that we are very well placed to take advantage of some of the key 
trends the industry is witnessing. From the last few years, we have been focusing on technology 
agnostic and Non-Auto sector aggressively. We will continue to strengthen our product portfolio 
with technology agnostic products within auto and non-auto space. The company has a vision to 
broaden its revenue base in the long term with technology agnostic components including xEVs, 
contributing a much larger share of the revenue pie. 
 
Towards this, we are following a multi-pronged strategy. We are aiming to unlock new market 
segments and develop multiple technology driven systems and components to cater to the 
growing opportunities in the EV segment. We are in the process of setting up a dedicated facility 
for both hybrid and electric components in one of our current plants and we expect this facility to 
be commissioned during fiscal 2022. While we say this, most of our components or most of our 
capacity is fungible, a cultural change is required for producing this new age technological 
components like EV and Hybrid components. The reason for us to set up a new dedicated facility 
is to inculcate this culture into the new facility which requires higher precision as well as 
cleanliness.  
 
Sansera has also identified select high growth business segments to diversify our addressable 
markets and develop new business by leveraging current capabilities and with Capex  Fungibility. 
We have focused on making products which require high material performance and special 
material properties and technological expertise for various segments, like the new age 
components that are coming up in high-end bicycles that require low weight and high strength 
materials.  
 
Similarly, we have opportunities in Aerospace in this field as well. So, we have an active pipeline 
of products and the development including the components for all these segments. We plan to 
construct a Greenfield manufacturing facility in Bangalore, dedicated to Aerospace and Defense 
and we expect the construction of which has already started, and we expect this facility to be 
commissioned during the next financial year. This will also cater to the growing need of the 
defense component with the defense sector being privatized in India, there’s a lot of opportunities 
that are coming our way. So, we expect that by the time we complete this facility and get ready to 
the production, we would have substantial orders from the defense sector as well.  
 
Sansera focuses on providing high-end value added and technology driven components to 
capture shifts in customer preferences as well as evolving regulatory requirements, such as 
heightened emission control standards. Further this would increase the opportunities for us to 
become a preferred supplier to our customers and consolidate our position. To enhance our 
capabilities, we have undertaken a number of initiatives, few of which have already been said, we 
have recently secured business for multiple Drive Train components specifically for Hybrid Evs 
from a leading global passenger vehicle OEM.  We expect to commence the supply of these 
components in the next financial year. We have commissioned a new Fatigue Testing Machine 
as I said it enhances our ability to analyze and enhance the product reliability, durability and 
performance. We have added 5-axis Machining Capabilities in our Aerospace for large 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
components which is used for machining large structural components for both Aerospace and 
Defense, Commercial Aerospace and Defense, both in Aluminum and in other precious metals 
like Titanium. 
 
We have recently started machining engine casing for a LEAP engine component for one of our 
customers in this facility. We have also commissioned Aluminium Forging Lines complementing 
our existing Steel Forging and machining capability, which we believe will make us well positioned 
to capitalize the growing demand and increasing need of components that are lighter in weight 
and environment friendly as OEMs try to reduce their ecological footprint of their vehicles.  
 
Praveen Chauhan: Going forward, we have a very strong diverse business pipeline with 213 
Letter of Intents  / purchase orders in hand from 43 customers in the Auto segment and 25 
customers in the Non-Auto sector. There have been significant order wins across Auto EV, Auto 
Tech Agnostic and Non-Auto Sectors besides the legacy parts. This slide showcases a few key 
order wins in three focus areas, as I said xEV, Tech Agnostic and Non-Auto. Just to talk about a 
few critical ones out of these in auto EV section, which has been a very focused area, an emerging 
area, we have been able to, in two wheelers section, win orders for suspension and Drive Train 
parts for new age e2W Scooter OEM, Drive Train parts for e2W for European OEM, the Rotor 
parts for new age e2W Motorcycle OEM. Similarly, the passenger vehicle category, Drive Train 
components for Hybrid Passenger Vehicle for big Japanese OEMs, Power Train components for 
Hybrid Passenger Vehicle for European OEMs and Commercial Vehicles. Similarly, Drive Train 
components for leading BEV OEM. In the Auto Tech Agnostic areas, we have been able to get a 
huge traction in Aluminium forged components from the European 2W OEMs, Suspension Parts, 
Braking System components for Passenger Vehicles, Chassis components for Japanese OEMs, 
Steering components, Wheel-Hub components for Commercial Vehicles and so on and so forth. 
Similarly, in the Non-Auto sector, we could have traction from Aerospace, Defense, Agriculture, 
very importantly high-end bicycles and a lot of industrial components.  
 
Vikas Goel (CFO): I would now like to take you through the Operational and Financial highlights 
of the company’s performance during H1 of FY22. Turning to the business performance, this has 
been a very eventful year as we all know, starting with the second wave of COVID in the first 
quarter, though our production was not much impacted during this phase with our facilities running 
at optimal capacity levels. We registered a strong revenue growth of 63% in the first half of FY22 
over a lower revenue base as compared to the same period last year. These very positive 
business trends have also reflected in the financial performance for our company.  
 
The total revenues of the company stood at Rs. 5,418 million for Q2 FY22, as against Rs. 4,339 
million for Q2 FY21, a growth of 25% year on year basis. On a half yearly basis, total revenues 
stood at Rs. 9,369 million as against Rs. 5,757 million in the H1 FY21, a growth of 63% on a year-
on- year basis. In Q1, Domestic revenues were impacted with the second wave of COVID. This 
was supplemented by a continuous flow of export revenue, which actually improved the sales mix 
in favor of exports. In Q2 the domestic volume witnessed partial recovery, however, further 
recovery was muted due to chip shortage. Overall, in this half year, the growth was primarily led 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
by a shift towards exports along with the increasing number of products and applications, addition 
of new customers and an increase in share of business for existing customers.  
 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 1,088 million for Q2 FY22 as against Rs. 984 million for Q2 FY21, a growth 
of 11% on a year on year basis. EBITDA stood at Rs. 1,732 million for H1 F22 as against Rs. 865 
million for H1 FY21, a growth of 100% year on year. Higher raw material prices in the current 
period along with the reversal of salary cuts that we had during the previous year led to a small 
uptick in the operational expenses in the H1 FY22. EBITDA margin for Q2 FY22 stood at 20.1%.  
 
EBITDA margin for H1 FY22 stood at 18.5%, primarily owing to the impact that we had in the first 
quarter. Our Q2 EBITDA margin reflects a performance during the relative stable period with 
further scope for operating leverage as we move forward.  
 
The company reported Profit After Tax (PAT) of Rs. 518 million in Q2 FY22 as against Rs. 468 
million in Q2 FY21, a growth of 11% year on year. In H1 FY22 the company reported Profit After 
Tax of Rs. 706 million as against Rs.120 million in H1 FY21, a growth of 487% on a year-on-year 
basis. During this period, we also incurred Capex of Rs. 1,238 million to augment our capacities 
and get ready for growth in line with the order book that we have in hand.  
 
In terms of operational highlights, geographical spread of H1 FY22 stood as follows: Sales to 
customers in India stood at 62%, Europe 24%, in North American markets 11%, and other foreign 
countries at 3% of the total revenue.  
 
In terms of segment mix for H1 FY22, Auto-ICE contributed 83% of total sales, Auto Tech Agnostic 
and HCV contributed 6% and the remaining 11% came from the Non-Auto segment.  
 
With this we conclude our presentation, and I would like to hand it back to Mr. Kapil Singh of 
Nomura for further proceedings. Thank you.  
 
 
Host: Thank you very much to the management for the detailed presentation. We are now starting 
the Q & A. To raise the question, it is a reminder, please submit your questions in the chat box or 
you can use the raise hand function in your bottom right Webex page. I will unmute your line 
accordingly. Please note that we would like you to request to keep the question to a maximum of 
two questions for each participant. If you have more questions you may return to the queue. Thank 
you. 
 
I will now start asking the first question from Nitin Arora. Nitin your line is unmute, please go ahead 
with your two questions. 
 
Nitin Arora: Hi team, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the new order win or 
the new peak revenue, what you talked about. So, if you can throw some light, how long does this 
peak order take to achieve? Is this all incremental? And the other part of the first question is you 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
know what kind of a margin profile of these new orders and the ROCE. That's my first question 
and then I'll have another question after that.  
 
B R Preetham: Thank you Nitin. Just to tell you this, we have taken all orders LOIs and purchase 
orders that we have received since April 2020 for computing this number. Now, most of these are, 
a very very few of them have just started some production, but the revenue contribution is very 
insignificant. This is the first thing, and none of these components would be of any replacement 
components. So, this would only mean that all this would be the incremental revenues to our 
existing business. Now coming to when we say Peak Annual Revenue, generally in our kind of 
business, the business lasts for about 6 to 7 years in a normal program, the first two years would 
see a ramp up phase generally 30% in the first year, 60 to 70% in the second year, and from the 
third year onwards, this is a general cycle, there could be exceptions. The 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th 
years generally run at the peak order position. So, when I say peak order revenue for a particular 
year which would really mean from 3rd to 4th, 5th and 6th year, this will generate this kind of 
revenue. And most of these are peaking out at a different period starting from last year. Some of 
them would have just started now and going up to the next year. So, this would be a rolling mix. 
So once the products get into full production, we would remove it from the list and add the new 
LOIs and POs.  
 
Nitin: Sir, what kind of a margin profiling on these orders and the ROCE Profile.  
 
B R Preetham: Generally, Sansera from the beginning there has been three specific 
requirements for selecting our products. One is it should have engineering value addition to the 
component, second one is it should be scalable and the third one is that we look at a ROCE mix 
of between 18 and 20%. Any of our selections generally falls into this category of margin be it EV 
components or Technology Agnostic components or our own Traditional components. Of course, 
there are some exceptions where strategically we would take components even up to about 15% 
ROCE, but then generally this is how we follow. So, most of our components would fall into this 
category of.  
 
Nitin: Thank you, got it, helpful. My second question has three parts. One, if you can throw some 
light on the chip shortage, how much shortage you had in Q2 and how much we do expect in Q3? 
And the second part of the second question is that you know we are seeing you know what I've 
been following with a lot of industrial companies globally, they're really falling short of machines 
in the capital good space when we look at to Cummins global or companies like Siemens globally. 
We make machines, do you see any competitive advantage here in terms of getting any business 
opportunity? That's the second part of the question. And the third, if you can throw some light on 
what's driving this growth of 50% in exports, you think it's kind of sustainable going forward given 
the backlog we have. Sorry for asking three and then the 2nd part.  
 
B R Preetham: Nitin, yes of course like everybody in the market we were also impacted by the 
chip shortage. One of our major Passenger Vehicle customers - Domestic customer, had an issue 
of chip shortage. So were the premium vehicles in the Two-Wheeler Vehicle as well. We had a 
little, not a significant effect, but a small effect even in our export orders during the Q2. So, if I 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
have to quantify what was the quantifiable order that we thought we would have lost due to chip 
shortage in Q2 would have been, roughly around 8 to 10%. So, we could have probably done 
about 8-10% more on our revenues in the whole quarter if the chip shortage would not have been 
there in Q2, but the effect on Q3 seems to be slightly more because we are seeing at least in this 
month and the next month, there are some export orders getting shifted. So, there is some 
uncertainty on that. Though the domestic position has been slightly improving. So, we still see 
that there would be an effect on Q3 as well. So, that is the question. I mean the first question. The 
2nd part of your question was pertaining to machine building. Now, these are very specific 
machines, the infrastructure that we have created for machine building and automation is to 
support our own facilities and there's a lot of technology also built into this. As you rightly said, 
you know, the machine building industry today, if you really look at the order positioning. So, we 
have been getting orders for the Aerospace, in Defense, where we also buy a lot of imported 
machines which are high-end. Today, the demand for the machines is such that people are talking 
about 10 to 12 months of delivery for a standard machine, not even a tooled-up machine. So 
going forward though, the auto industry chip shortage may ease up and pent-up demand will catch 
up and there would be a lot of pressure, the machine and the capacity enhancement could 
become a challenge if companies are not cautious and forward looking. So, we have not actually 
done anything to slow down and neither our machine building activity nor our procurement plans, 
because we strongly believe that once this chip shortage is over, the demand will come back 
much more strongly, where in case, in our capacities are not in place because we are a single 
source or a majority source for most of our customers, we would be actually in trouble. So, we 
are going ahead with our plans, but catering to the outside requirement as of today, our 
infrastructure is built for catering to our own demands, where our order position for our machine 
building division goes up to almost one year to one year two months. So, I don't think we have 
any immediate plans. But of course, as a capability, there is a possibility that we could look at it.  
 
Nitin: Thank you very much sir, I will come back in the queue.  
 
Host: Thank you. I'll now hand over to Sid Bera. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Siddharth Bera: Thanks Deanna, and Congrats to the team for a good set of results in the 
quarter.  Sir, my first question again, I will start from the order book. First, wanted to understand 
generally how does the amount of order wins, in a year we get? Because why am I asking, this is 
because, EV is sort of a new opportunity and some of the new orders can be lumpy in nature. So 
I just wanted to first understand generally based on experience how much order wins do we 
generally get in a year and the second part of the question is again on the EV side. What will be 
the kit value for a model in the Two-Wheeler side we can supply as of now. And based on the 
parts we are doing or do you think that can increase further going ahead?  
 
B R Preetham: I'll let my colleague Praveen answer this question.  
 
Praveen: Thanks Sidharth for asking the question. On the order win we had given a figure of Rs. 
12.5 billion, as of now which is going to be the annual peaked out matured volumes which as B 
R Preetham said this can happen from next year or a couple of years later. This is a cyclic thing. 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
On the new order wins quantifying is quite difficult but then I would rather say that we have been 
having very aggressive plans in the past also. We have proved that we have grown quite well and 
much higher than the industry. And we continue to have those aggressive plans to grow. So, 
beyond whatever is the industrial growth, we know what the industrial growth had been, 
domestically and internationally. All that growth difference has been coming out of the new wins 
only. So that's a very strong new win acquisition trend that we have and going forward with all 
these new emerging technologies, that is one part of the electrification part and our diversification 
plan into Technology Agnostic parts and Non-Auto segment. I think our new order win would be 
much more aggressive. On the kit value, just to put some numbers, talking specifically of a scooter 
which is more imminent adoption we'll see over there. Our first one single win, one single model, 
If you talk about versus the ICE engine, we have been able to acquire around 10% higher than 
the ICE engine content that we have currently in the best customer category. So, EV had been 
much more promising, and I think on the addressable market, we feel that it would be another 3-
4 times what we have already acquired. Since traction continues, we have been having a lot of 
inquiries and a lot of interest out of customers both domestically and internationally. So, I think 
going forward we have a very interesting journey.  
 
Siddharth Bera: Okay Sir, thanks. 
 
Host: We have a question in the chat box from Abhishek. The question is, it would be great if you 
can provide revenue and EBITDA margin guidance for FY 2022. Also, your Capex guidance for 
2022 and FY 2023. Thank you.  
 
B R Preetham: Thank you, Abhishek. We would refrain from giving any specific forward-looking 
guidance both in terms of revenue as well as in terms of EBITDA, but what we can say is we have 
a very strong order book and a good traction to ensure that our growth will be higher than the 
industrial growth. And as far as the Capex is concerned, what I would like to say is, this year as 
declared in the prospectus, we have plans to spend close to about Rs.  250 crores for the capacity 
expansion. In the next 3 years including this year, our distribution of Capex, I would put it across 
that, about 25% of the Capex, it would follow a similar trend in the next 2 years as well to the 
current year and the distribution if you consolidate the next 3 years Capex would be, 25% of this 
Capex would be targeted towards existing legacy components. About 60% of the Capex will go 
towards xEV and Non-Auto Technology Agnostic and Non-Auto business. About 15% of this 
Capex will go towards enhancement, technology enhancement and maintenance Capex.  
 
Host: Thank you. We now go to the last question from Nishant. Nishant, your line is unmute. 
Please go ahead, two questions.  
 
Nishant: Thanks for the opportunity. So, hi everybody. Good day. My first question is again back 
on the order book and it's interesting to see that the breakdown of the incremental order book that 
you're saying is significantly different to your current mix. Obviously, there is a much higher share 
of the agnostic EV portion as well as Non-Automotive. So can you throw some more light into 
what is driving this significant change and is this more from a concerted strategy pivot that you 
guys are making or you're basically seeing some kind of export tailwinds becoming much stronger, 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
some China plus themes becoming much stronger. So, can you shed some more light into this 
mix change?  
 
B R Preetham: Yes, Nishant, I'll take the first half of the question then probably Praveen can 
continue the answer. Yes, of course. This has been from the last 2-3 years, as we have also said 
that we have been focused more on diversifying into technology agnostic components as the 
industry is growing, progressing towards changing technology and none of the technologies are 
still yet to be, nobody is certain which technology will be prominently used. So we still believe that 
all technologies will have an equal role to play in the future. So, we have focused on Technology 
Agnostic components. Here you know, earlier the kind of components that we were in and we 
were focused on, was mostly in the engine and transmission category of components. This was 
a conscious effort and decision that we had. Last 3-4 years, we have made a company-wide 
strategy has been to look at beyond engine and transmission and to our benefit as the technology 
is also changing because more and more safety requirement, progressing towards higher 
emission norms controlled engines, so our opportunity to participate in other than engine and 
transmission components, which falls into precision engineering category has also been 
enhanced. So there's a lot of components which are now being though, which were earlier being 
looked at more proprietary or now are falling into a more precision category. Just to give you an 
example, one of the components that we have taken up in the last few years have been on the 
suspension of the, say Two-Wheelers when the scooters were mandated because of the change 
in crash test to have a similar suspension to the motorcycle, so we started making stem comp  
steering. This was also strategically important because going forward, we see there's a lot of 
these that will get converted into Aluminium Forging. So, our choice of components has been very 
specific. So in order to say, how this has helped us to increase, I think I'll hand it over to Praveen, 
who can probably throw more light on why the mix is getting changed.  
 
Praveen Chauhan: Nishant, I think as B R Preetham said that and in one of the slides we also 
talked about is that this diversification journey had started about three years back and I think every 
year that has passed through the aggression on the diversification has been giving us fruits. In 
that slide we talked about how from 83% right now which is pure ICE, we will be reducing that 
dependence to close to less than 60%. So that aggressive change alongside our aggressive 
growth plans I think the numbers would be huge and this is exactly visible in our order book right 
now. We are talking about close to 48% coming out of the basket of xEV, Technology Agnostic 
and Non-Auto. So, there are a couple of things which are happening. One is of course there is a 
strategic change and our approach towards, Non-Auto and Technology Agnostic. Now the EV 
segment by virtue of emission norms, stringent emission norms, emerging emission norms, China 
Plus and all those things are opening up newer segments which we're certainly trying to acquire. 
At the same time, we see the precision content into all sectors whether it is Non-Auto segment or 
Technology Agnostic, is increasing. And there it opens up an opportunity for us to enter and we 
are very cautious and careful to not let go of any such opportunities. But, as we said that we will 
have to look at every product that we take out, in the prism of three things, one is, it has to be 
pure engineering good value addition part, it has to be scalable going forward and we will not 
compromise on our ROCE level in that. Nishant, is it answered?  
 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Nishant: Thanks for the detailed answer. Well my second question is obviously a continuation of 
this strategy. So obviously you've done capital investments over the last few years since FY19 
and some of that obviously asset sweating is likely to come in. However, it is quite interesting to 
see that your presentation slide deck refers to the first half Return on Capital actually already 
higher than FY19 Return of Capital which was potentially a sales drop year. So, is it fair to assume 
as asset efficiency improves that the threshold of Return on Capital should comfortably surpass 
20%, as you start asset sweating over the next 2 years. So, what are your thoughts around the 
return on capital trajectory being materially higher than your previous cycle peak?  
 
B R Preetham: Yeah, Nishant. It is not fair to compare the last full year ROCE, because the 
ROCE, that has represented for the last year, it was actually a result of only about 9.5 months of 
production. So, if you realistically look, it would be in similar lines to what we have done in H1. 
But as a company, as you rightly said that, because the kind of components that we are in and 
our positioning in the industry where we are almost a single source or a majority source for most 
of our customers, some portion of our Capex will always have underutilization depending on the 
sector like, last year Aerospace and Scooter sector was not doing very well, so their utilization in 
those two. But our advantage is that since our capacities are fungible and within a short-time we 
can redeploy it with a very minimum cost or absolutely no cost at all. So that gives us an advantage 
to cater to any of the sluggishness in any of the sectors as well as cover for an increased demand 
in whichever sector is doing well. So, in the last three quarters we have been able to deploy our 
assets which have been underutilized in Aerospace and Defense to auto components. Yes, as a 
company we have a target that we should surpass the our peak ROCE in number in this year as 
well as the years to come.  
 
Nishant: Thank you.  
 
Host: Thank you for your question. We have the next one from the chat box from Praful Kumar. 
The question is, can you comment on EV focus capability and a few customers, prospective 
customer. Thank you.  
 
B R Preetham: Yes, prospects of EV, we are very excited. As you are aware that we have been 
fairly awarded with a lot of awards from both international and domestic customers in the 
segments in which we operate including the Aerospace sectors. So, there is a lot of goodwill for 
Sansera among all our customers, so we leverage that we work with our customers to get into 
newer components which includes their EV platforms. Now I would refrain from taking any 
customer's name. We've already acquired in the space of e2W, we have been working and 
acquired orders from 3 EV Manufacturers, Two-wheeler manufacturers. We are also in very active 
discussion with a few more, which in the subsequent months, we are very confident of closing 
this. As far as the Passenger Vehicle is concerned, we are already, as we have shared in our 
presentation, we have secured orders for Pure Hybrid components including Rotor and Motor 
shafts for a very prominent Japanese Global OEM as well as a few other Global OEMs, with 
whom we are working on Hybrid platforms. Our component, as Praveen has explained during the 
presentation, is the most prominent EV company in the world, components are under some 
evaluation on one of their platforms. So, we expect that there will be a lot of traction in the coming 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
period to get into more and more components with our existing as well as new age customers for 
EV as well as pure battery EV as well as Hybrid vehicles. 
 
Kapil Singh: Sir, this is Kapil, just on this EV aspect one thing I wanted to understand when we 
are looking at these global orders for EVs or Hybrid parts, what is the level of complexity, how 
much stringent tests do they undergo? How difficult is it to make these parts so that we understand 
your capabilities in terms of delivering these. How do you see yourself when you are lined for 
these orders?  
 
B R Preetham: Kapil, as such, that technology is evolving so much faster and precision is taking 
to the newer level, even including in the Bharat stage 6 and Euro 6 components as well. The 
newer materials, very high strength materials are being used. This is no different in Hybrid and 
Electric components where higher torque is transmitted, so there is a requirement for higher 
strength material. And another thing is that at least in a very limited way, we have experienced 
that due to the lower noise levels that are expected out of this, there are more stringent 
geometrical tolerances that are given. And of course, the cleanliness standards are more, so all 
this is, that's why I said that we are putting up a new facility for Hybrid and EV components where 
you know the manufacturing facility per se or the machine per se are not very different to what we 
are. Ours is a fungible manufacturing system. But then culturally we want to build this. Similar 
thing we did, when we set up a facility for Aerospace because there again culturally it is different 
to the Auto components. So, this also we want to follow a similar strategy where we want to set 
up a separate culture for EV the Hybrid components which actually get us to the growing precision 
requirement of these components. So, it's not very different to anything that we're doing but 
requires much more disciplined and tighter tolerances as such.  
 
Kapil Singh: Okay, and how different is the material science requirement? Is it changing or is it 
the same?  
 
B R Preetham: It is changing a lot because newer and newer materials are getting. So, there is 
a pressure to reduce weight in every engine, whether it is ICE, whether it is EV engine, there is a 
very focused approach from all the OEMs to reduce. This also includes reducing the weight of the 
components used in IC engines as well. So, this is calling for the introduction of new and 
toughened materials which are much more difficult to forge as well as machine. So, our state of 
art forging facilities are very well equipped to handle such things. We have been exposed to newer 
and newer material almost on a regular basis with the customers, both domestic as well as 
international customers and one thing is significant advantages with our design validation 
capabilities and also testing capability. We have put up this Fatigue Testing Machine. We do 
Fatigue Testing for a lot of components for our customers to both validate the new designs as 
well as validate the introduction of new materials. So this will play a significant role in the years. 
 
Host: Thank you. Thank you so much. We'll go now to the last question from Joseph George, 
Joseph your line is unmute please go ahead with your two questions.  
 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Joseph: Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on excellent numbers. I have two sets 
of questions. One is in relation to the new order that you have in your PPT where you refer to a 
number of Rs. 12.5 billion. Just wanted to confirm, Is any part of it included in the 540 odd crores 
that you reported for the second quarter? Because when I look at the notes, it says that the 
production may have started or may not have started. So, I just wanted to get clarification  
 
B R Preetham: Joseph you're right. There are very few, very very small. It would have just started 
as a first batch and second batch the production would have just started but, a very insignificant 
number if you have to really quantify it.  
 
Joseph: Sure, thank you. And the second thing I wanted to know was based on the existing Gross 
Block that you have, what level of revenues can be supported using that, I mean what level of 
annual revenues can be supported using that Gross Block.  
 
B R Preetham: So, if we have to take our last year's closing Gross block, we believe that with an 
optimum utilization of 80-85% of OE, we should be able to easily cross about between Rs. 625 
and 650 crores per quarter. This is a moving piece because you know continuously there is a 
Capex addition and the enhancement of capacity as well. So, if I have to refer to a Gross Block 
closure, that is why I said that keeping the last Gross Block as a benchmark.  
 
Joseph: Absolutely, thank you B R Preetham.  And just one suggestion, so in your PPT you have 
given the breakdown of revenues, split into Non-Auto and within Autos into Two-wheelers, 
Motorcycles, Passenger cars etc., for the first half. Would it be possible to share it on a quarterly 
basis and maybe going into the third quarter, if you can similarly give quarterly numbers instead 
of YTD if possible, if you can share for 2Q on this call, it would be great. 
 
B R Preetham: In future start trying to accommodate it in our presentations quarterly.  
 
Joseph: Possible for you to share it for Q2? 
 
B R Preetham: Yes, probably we will try. So, your question is on the Q2 numbers, how much was 
it for technology agnostic?  
 
Joseph: So basically, would you be able to give it now on the call?  
 
B R Preetham: Yes, I'll give it. Give us a couple of minutes probably before we end the call, I'll 
give you.  
 
Joseph: Perfect, thank you. B R Preetham. That's all from my side. 
 
Host:  Thank you. We'll now go to Anirban Sadhu. Anirban are you able to speak up for your 
question?  
 
 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Anirban: Yeah, good afternoon everyone. I would like to thank the management for this wonderful 
stellar performance in the last quarter. I have basically three questions for the management. The 
very first question is that, as far as I understood from the financial numbers and the projections, 
we are expecting 15% of the revenues in the future to come from the EV segment, right? From 
the xEV segment. So for that like are you expecting some higher margin percentage? Maybe the 
profit margins should be quite higher than the normal figures now with the current portfolio 
products.  
And the second question is whether like the components which would be there in the EV segment, 
those are mainly similar to the current components, like the transmission components and all or 
whether they would be completely new portfolio of products. And the third would be whether you 
are looking to bundle some other products, like smaller products from the local OEMs, Non-China 
OEMs and export them at premium prices along with your products.  
 
B R Preetham: Thank you, Anirban. So, just to correct you, the 15% is not only coming from xEV, 
it would be xEV plus Tech Agnostics. So I think that is where we're coming from, where our 
expectations and what we have considered the growth trajectory. If it is anything different and it's 
going to be much more aggressive, that will be slightly different otherwise, on the normal projected 
by all the industry experts and this thing we have considered that and it would be xEV plus Tech 
Agnostics will be about 15%. So, while we say that the margin profile would not be very different 
to what we are already there because this is a highly competitive industry. So, everybody 
competes for space in this. With limited paths that are available, So, we have to be competitive, 
we don't see any premium margins, but we will maintain our margins and try and, grow it by 
whatever range that we have been focusing on. So that is on the margins.  
 
Second one is that our technology in the Two-Wheeler space, especially in the Electric Two-
Wheeler space, is very evolving as of now, it's not that, unlike in the Passenger Vehicle where 
Hybrid and Electric Vehicles have been present with this thing, that technology in the powerful 
Two-Wheeler EV is still evolving. So, there's a lot of design iterations that are taking place in this. 
So, it would not be very, to say how different it will be from the existing component. We are 
adapting ourselves to the changing needs of this thing and it's not been a very long time since we 
are there, also the industry. So, I expect a lot of optimization in design and things to happen in 
the next couple of years. This is where we have a lot of advantage because you know the product 
development cycle for evolving technology actually is very very short.  
 
So generally, when you get a normal production, you know product development cycle of say 14 
to 16 weeks in any of the ICE components or Two-Wheeler or a Passenger Vehicle, here because 
of the evolving design, you know the time is very short and the ramp up phase is going to be very 
very fast. So these two are the areas where we think that we can have an advantage and we are 
well positioned because one is our facility is fully integrated right from tool designed to tool 
manufacturing, forging, machining special treatment, all these are done and controlled in- house. 
So we could deliver it much faster as per the customer's expectations. Second one is also ramping 
up can be much faster because a lot of machines are our own in-house. So these two will give us 
an advantage to position ourselves well in this industry.  
 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Anirban: Thank you. So that was great to hear. 
 
B R Preetham: Joseph, if I have to say that for the Q2, ICE was 82%, Technology Agnostic was 
7% and Non-Auto was 11%.  
 
Host: Thank you sir. I will now take the last question on the chat box from Priya Rajan. The 
question is what is the commodity cost inflation benefit in 2Q revenue growth. Thank you. 
 
B R Preetham: Benefit of commodity growth in Q2 revenue. See generally for us with our product 
mix 10% increase in steel prices would amount to about 1% increase in our reduction in our Gross 
margin, similarly 1% increase in our topline revenue.  
 
Vikas Goel: So, approximately since the steel prices have undergone a drastic change in the 
past four quarters and we have a pass-through arrangement with our domestic customers. Yes it 
has an inflation impact in our revenue about 3 to 4% would be the impact of this inflation in the 
revenue which is non volume related. Was I able to address your question? 
 
Host: Thank you. We are at the end of the session right now. I think we overrun for five minutes. 
I would like to invite the management for a quick closing remark. 
 
B R Preetham: Thank you. So at Sansera we aim to diversify our business to the direction where 
the economy is moving to. We are expanding our customer base and product portfolio side by 
side, maintaining long standing relationship with our existing clients. We have been recognized 
with numerous awards by our customers for the quality of our products. We are developing new 
business by leveraging current capabilities and with capex fungibility. We expect to yield a benefit 
of the PLI scheme announced by the government, especially for our new EV facility at our plant 
in Bangalore. We are confident about our journey into the EV space as we have already secured 
orders from the new age startups as well as traditional OEMs who are venturing into the EV space 
as well. We are committed to build a well insulated business and in the mid to long term, our Non-
Auto and Technology Agnostic segments are expected to grow at a much faster pace as 
compared to our Auto Segment as indicated in that presentation. So with this, I conclude this call. 
If you have any further queries, please contact SGA, who are our investor relationship advisor.  
 
We thank the Nomura team for organizing this call. Thank you everyone for joining us today on 
this Earning Call. 
 
Kapil Singh: Thank you. Thank you sir. And I thank all the participants for joining this. Deanna, 
we can close the call now.  
 
Host: Thank you management for joining the session. Thank you so much. Thanks 
