• J. B. CHEMICALS & PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED
A
November 17, 2021
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051.
Stock Symbol: JBCHEPHARM
Dear Sir,
Subject: Earnings conference call Transcript
Ref.: Disclosure under regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
enclosed please find Transcript of Earnings Conference Call scheduled for investors and analysts on
Novemebr 12, 2021 at 3 .30 p.m. 1ST to discuss
results and developments for the quarter ended on
September 30, 2021. It is also available on the website ofthe Company.
We request you to take this on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited
0th
Sandeep Phadnis
Vice President- Secretarial
& Company Secretary
9 Registered Office:
Neelam Centre, B Wing, 4th Floor
Hind Cycle Road, Worli
Mumbai - 400 030
9 Corporate Office:
Cnergy IT Park
Unit A2, 3rd Floor, Unit A, 8th Floor
Appa Saheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi
Mumbai - 400 025
Ct 22 24395200 / 2439 5500
J:l. +91 22 2431 5331 / 2431 5334
e
info@jbcpl.com
? www.jbcpl.com
CIN: L24390MH1976PLC019380

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 
Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
November 12, 2021 
 
This transcript is published as is what we have received from our 
vendor who manages the conference call. We would request you to 
go through the audio recording in case you want to reconfirm 
anything that has been mentioned in the transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to J.B. Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited Q2 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call as on the 12th of 
November 2021. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jason D'Souza – Head of Investor Relations 
at J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Jason D'Souza: 
Thank you, Lizann. Welcome to the Earnings Call of J.B. Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited. We have with us today the Management of J.B. Chemicals 
and Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Nikhil Chopra -- CEO and Wholetime Director; Mr. Kunal 
Khanna – President, Transformation, and Mr. Lakshay Kataria -- Chief Financial 
Officer at J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
Before we begin I would like to state that some of the statements in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. A detail statement in this regard is available on the Q2 FY'22 Results 
Presentation that has been sent to you earlier. 
I would like to now hand it over to Mr. Nikhil Chopra -- CEO to Begin the Proceedings 
of the Call and give his Opening Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Thank you Jason. Good afternoon, everyone a warm welcome and thank you for 
taking time to join us for this discussion on the operating and financial performance 
of J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals for the Quarter 2 FY22. 
I will start with an overview of our performance during the quarter and share an 
update on the progress made and the objectives achieved in the first year following 
the ownership and management changes. Following which Mr. Lakshay Kataria will 
take you through the key financial highlights, then we will be happy to take all your 
questions in this call. 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Before I get into these discussions, I would like to once again warmly welcome and 
formally introduce Mr. Lakshay Kataria – our new CFO to all of you. Lakshay is a 
chartered accountant with around two decades of experience across finance and 
commercial roles. We look forward to his participation in all our strategic initiatives, 
and he will be jointly participating with us in the outreach to the investor community 
as well. 
Also, I have with me, Mr. Kunal Khanna who heads the entire operations part in J.B. 
Chemicals and he has been there also a part of new management in J.B. Chemicals 
since last one year. 
Now to talk to you about the operating performance: 
Despite the challenging conditions, we've continued to witness strong revenue 
momentum. In the second quarter. The domestic formulation business continues to 
record stellar growth, outperforming our internal parameters as well as the IPM 
benchmarks. At the same time, our international business performed well despite 
another challenging period, as business activities and supply chains remain 
impacted due to the pandemic related issues. 
During quarter 2 FY 22 revenues recorded were 593 crore and Rs 1199 crore in H1 
FY 22. 
Our reported YoY. growth is 34% in quarter 2. Here. I would like to highlight and you 
may recollect that in quarter 2 last year, we had experienced some logistics related 
issues and that led to some deferment of sales from quarter 2 FY 21, to quarter 3 FY 
21. After adjusting for this deferment in the base period, we recorded robust growth 
of 18% in second quarter of FY 22. This is what I wanted to bring to the notice of the 
investor community in terms of where we stand in terms of our performance for FY 
22 2nd quarter. 
This puts us on the course to achieve the targeted business growth as per plan and 
create the platform for ongoing expansion. 
Our operating EBITDA margins remain healthy, excluding one-off costs and the non-
cash ESOPs charge, the operating margin for quarter 2 FY 22 came in at 26% margin 
for this quarter. Also, it needs to be noted that these margins have been delivered 
on largely normalized cost structure and significantly higher logistics and supply 
chain related expense in this quarter under review. 
Coming to our domestic business: 
Our domestic business maintained the quarter on momentum into the second quarter 
to deliver 38% growth for quarter 2 and 39% in first six months of the financial year. 
Our large brands have continued to make a significant contribution to our growth with 
five of our top brands in 300 IPM brands, not only recorded market beating growth, 
but also outperformed the covered molecule market. 
As per IQVIA MAT data September 21 JBCPL is the fastest growing Company in top 
30 in IPM with a MAT growth of 28%. versus covered market growth of 16% and IPM 
growth of 18%. 
Also, I would like to bring to the notice of all of you, that our IPM performance is even 
more commendable since the portfolio is almost entirely in non-COVID therapies. 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
In our international business, the South Africa business recorded growth in both 
public and private market. The South Africa subsidiary gained 10 ranks in the country 
to reach 15th rank as on September 21. 
In Russia the business rebounded well towards the end of the second quarter and 
we hope the momentum continues in the third quarter. 
The ROW branded generic markets continue to be challenging during the COVID 19 
lockdowns in key markets but we are glad to share that we have managed to secure 
one new marquee client for our Lozenges CMO business. However, due to muted 
demand in the cough and cold segment, our CMO business remain subdued. 
Now I would like to spend a few minutes to update you on the key priorities driving 
the business. I will also focus on the initiatives over the last 12 months since the new 
management team has took over the entire charge at J.B. Pharmaceuticals. 
As you may know, one of our main objectives while driving growth is therapy 
diversification in the line with our core strengths in domestic formulation business. 
To achieve this, we have rolled out several programs including implementation of 
revised go-to-market structure across entire nationwide salesforce. We're also 
entered into progressive and complementary therapeutic segments, such as 
diabetes. nephrology, respiratory and allergy by launching three new divisions and 
subsequently around 15 new products in the market in the last one year. 
This has largely been achieved by repurposing the existing resource framework 
resulting in J.B. Pharmaceutical establishing its position as a fastest growing 
Company in top 30 pharma companies as per IPM data. 
We have improved our productivity by fully automating the salesforce with a full 
coverage of iPads rollout to our field force on the ground, insights to increase in-clinic 
effectiveness of our representatives when they are visiting doctors’ clinic, invested 
in technology and training. Also, we have expanded our doctor engagement tracking 
mechanism, used medical evidence based studies to enhance our patients connect 
and establish more salesforce headquarters to go deeper into untapped markets 
across the country. These initiatives are future-oriented investments that we believe 
will allow us to get an increasingly larger share to our Indian healthcare spending 
over time and there are promising signs of this initiatives that I have spoken over the 
last few minutes, which is we have already seen per person productivity 
improvement of 25% growth from 4.5 lakh to 5.2 lakh per person. 
Domestic business has achieved now a monthly run rate of around Rs. 1 billion INR 
and I'm happy to share that the new product contribution, which was negligible in the 
past is now close to 4%. We have even seen rank gain and market share 
improvement. This results are an outcome of continuous focus in areas of best-in-
class execution excellence and driving salesforce excellence parameters well 
supported by digital technology and medico marketing initiative engagement with the 
healthcare professionals. 
In addition, there are several other operating and functional initiatives that has been 
put in the play in our specialized CMO business. We already have differentiated 
capabilities in medical herbal, lozenges with global regulatory approvals, low-cost 
manufacturing infrastructure, and existing relationship with global major partners. 
We have now extended the focus from cough and cold segment into new area of 
lozenges for wellness and immunity. We look forward to a deeper engagement and 
more widespread coverage in this market to deliver sustained growth. 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
In the international business, we have also deepened our presence in our 
established markets on the back of more launches and accelerated filings while also 
working on stabilizing our operations in Russia. 
We have scaled up our R&D initiatives with an expanded team. More CAPEX, 
commitment and enhanced systems to accelerate the product pipeline across the 
portfolio of business and geographies. We are supplementing our various organic 
initiatives with external collaborations and continue to evaluate strategic and M&A 
opportunities as well and you will hear more of this in the coming time. 
We have holistically evaluate our cost structures with the objective of improving cost 
efficiencies while maintaining service levels. Direct cost reduction has been the 
primary objective of cost rationalization exercise. Also importantly, following the 
acquisition of controlling stake by KKR last year, we have the support of 
strengthened board and best-in-class governance practices that are contributing 
substantially to all our progressive initiatives. 
With that. I would like to reiterate that despite the challenging economic environment, 
we continue to be positive on the business for the rest of the year. Our domestic 
business is now on a strong foundation, which will help us to sustain the business 
growth over the next few years. Our ability to launch products has also been 
successfully tested and we are glad to see the progress made on the new product 
launches even though we were late entrance into those molecules and categories. 
The new go-to-market model has been successfully launched and tested. This model 
will be the pivotal as we continue to aim to outperform industry growth. 
Our investments in R&D will drive growth in the international markets and we remain 
optimistic about our unique position in the CMO segment. We have added one new 
global name as a client, and we look forward to adding many more based on our 
credentials in the contract manufacturing business. We look forward to continue 
driving execution to create long-term value for our stakeholders. 
On this note, I will conclude my opening remarks and I would request Lakshay to 
share with you a brief perspective on our financial performance. Thank you all for 
patients hearing over to you Lakshay. 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Thank you Nikhil and a very good afternoon to all of you and welcome to our Earnings 
Call. Before I move to the financial performance I would just like to share that its 
matter of great pride for me to be a part of J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals, I 
think it's been a very strong legacy business that's been built and a Company that's 
on path of transformation. So, very happy to be a part of this team and look forward 
to also meeting you and interacting with a lot of you over the next couple of months. 
So, I quickly move to the quarter that's gone by: 
So, overall as Nikhil indicated, we saw a revenue growth of 34% so our reported 
revenue was 593 crores. And as Nikhil mentioned earlier, we did see some sort of 
delays in shipments, etc., same quarter last year. So, on a like-to-like basis growth 
for the second quarter, we'll be closer to 18% and were when I sort of split it up 
between international and domestic business. The domestic business saw 38% 
growth during the quarter. And when we look at our performance versus market, and 
we look at IQVIA data, our domestic formulation business has seen a growth of 28% 
where the IPM growth for the market stands at 18 and the covered market growth 
stands at 15%. 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
So, overall it clearly indicates a significant out-performance in terms of growth 
despite not having a very active COVID portfolio. Growth momentum from here is 
largely driven by progress initiatives taken by the Company. 
Talking a little bit about the international business: 
The international business reported a growth of 36%.The logistics related disruptions 
we covered earlier are largely visible in this part of the business. And the overall 
growth rate is also lower accordingly. Certain parts of our international operations 
have seen headwinds while businesses like South Africa continuing to do better, but 
certain parts are seeing those headwinds and all the logistical challenges. 
Coming to the cost side now: 
Our gross margin was at a healthy 65%, and this now has started seeing some level 
of inflation on the raw material and the packing materials side coming through, which 
we have tried to manage through cost mitigation. As we move ahead as each of you, 
I'm sure is sort of tracking what's happening in this space, the heat on prices is only 
going to accelerate, right? And hence the need for us to really step up the pedal on 
cost mitigation is even more important. So, with various initiatives that we've 
introduced and Nikhil alluded to, we are also building a little bit of augmentation of 
our internal effort, with external support to drive some structural cost efficiencies in 
the business. 
If I look at, our operating expenses, all of you would have seen a significant increase 
in our operating expenses this year-on-year basis. If I was to sort of de-layer the 
increase we saw this year, I attributed to broadly 3 components: 
One as we've come out of COVID, some of the operating costs have started to sort 
of come back. And we have also seen escalation in the fuel and freight costs during 
the quarter. 
Second, we have a non-cash charge towards ESOP of about 13.2 crore during the 
quarter. And there've also been certain non-recurring advisory and consultancy 
services, which have been used for various transformational initiatives, which have 
impacted other expenses this quarter. So, if you really look at from adjusted EBIDTA 
stand point, we have explained these variances and the underlying operating 
EBIDTA in our Investor Presentation. 
Other income during the quarter was pretty strong and this was largely led by the 
fact that we saw good mark-to-market gains and returns on a mutual fund portfolio. 
So, that continued to be a good story. 
Overall, from a cashflow perspective we have enhanced our cash position, we have 
a net cash of about Rs. 740 crore, which is about roughly Rs. 80 crore, higher than 
were we were in March. This is despite the fact that we have taken some conscious 
decisions to our operating inventories, given the biosecurity concerns that we are 
seeing around the operating environment. 
So, as we move forward, we expect the business to progress by largely leveraging 
the existing infrastructure and resource base, which includes our manufacturing set 
up our distribution setup and the relationships. We are also seeing financial 
performance reflect of the strategic initiatives that the team has driven over the last 
few quarters. We are now focused on driving profitable growth and maintaining 
strong cash flows in a very very turbulent time. 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
With that I will conclude my opening remarks will now like to open this forum for an 
interactive session with all of you, and we'll be happy to respond to your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Jovani from IIFL. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Jovani: 
If we look at you india business, then again, we have seen very strong growth in 
second quarter and last quarter, we had indicated that Rantac and Metrogyl had 
seen very strong demand because of momentum in acute and gastro products. So, 
has their demand on Rantac and Metrogyl sustained into this quarter as well. And 
how has the traction been with respect to some of our cardiac products  
Nikhil Chopra: 
This is Nikhil Chopra. In continuing to the commentary that were given in Q1, the 
momentum continues for Rantac and Metrogyl Which is a good sign that has helped 
us to deliver 30 plus adjusted (+30%) growth for quarter 2 and equally our 
antihypertensive a range of products, which is a combination of Cilacar, Cilacar-T, 
Nicardia also continue to deliver market beating performance and gain market share, 
and also gaining ranks. In addition to that also, what I was talking in my opening 
commentary, the adjacent progressive categories that we have got into to, which is 
in the world of metabolic, which is in the world of diuretics, which is in the world of 
lung care is also overall helping us in fueling the growth for India business. And that 
is in line with that and that I believe that we have our new product engine has also 
started contributing and it is gaining good traction of prescriptions from the 
healthcare professionals and our people are going and meeting those doctors 
Rahul Jovani: 
So, you refer to the fact that india businesses now tracking at Rs. 1 billion INR kind 
of a monthly sales. So, is that number largely sustainable or do you think that some 
part of the gains which we have seen in acute therapy products could normalize 
going forward? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
But generally, Rahul the way IPM market behaves in terms of what benefits we got 
from our acute business and when you look at second part of the year and rightly we 
have we position ourself in terms of getting new launches particularly in the world of 
chronic play which I just spoke to you in the world of metabolics, in the world of 
diuretics, in the world of respiratory, and in the world of allergy. So, that is what we 
are trying to do in terms of maintaining the overall seasonality for first half of the year 
where you get the benefit of your acute portfolio equally sustained growth in terms 
of our existing chronic portfolio and new launches will help us to sustain our Rs. 1 
billion INR revenue for India business. 
 Rahul Jovani: 
With respect to these new launches, so you referred to the fact that new launches 
account for 4% of India sales in first half. So, is this based on internal number or this 
is IQVIA reported number? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
This is internal. 
Rahul Jovani: 
And can you elaborate on how the traction has been in some of these newer 
therapies, like respiratory, pediatrics, and a nephrology for us? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Just to give you some examples that we were 63rd Company to get into the world of 
dapagliflozin and dapagliflozin plus Metformin combo. Today we are 16th in rank and 
we aim to be in top 10 in this category of business. Equally, a very good response 
from the new launches that we have brought in the world of diuretics. And there are 
a couple of products which are gaining good traction and prescriptions from the 
healthcare professional, majorly MD medicine and respiratory specialist in the world 
of lung fibrosis, in the world of anti-allergic combinations, and in the world of 
mucolytic agents. These are all the categories, which are more chronic in nature and 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
out of 15 products that Rahul we launched and last time also had indicated that in 
18 to 24 months our game plan is how do we at least generate a revenue of around 
close to $2 million close to 12-15 crore for at least five of these products which overall 
which talks about the strength of the field on the ground, which has never been in 
the field J.B. Chemicals so that is what we, intend to do. And equally our existing 5 
products, the way we are trying to build the ecosystem and patient-centric initiatives, 
looking at how we can drive better adherence, closely working with the healthcare 
professionals in the world of cardiology, nephrology, diabetology, how our existing 
five brands also continue to grow and deliver market beating performance. 
Rahul Jovani: 
So, the last question, with respect to this 14 crore off advisory expenses, which we 
have booked in the quarter so can you elaborate on what were the key findings from 
this exercise and how we have incorporated those findings into the realigning BGTM 
strategy for all of our India business? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Rahul Kunal here this side. These expenses are largely attributed across three main 
areas. The first one being design and implementation of the new go-to market model, 
which was a major part of the transformational initiative underway. 
The second piece was around really driving processes and implementation of these 
processes. The very close monitoring review mechanisms on the ground with 
respect to our salesforce effectiveness activities and implementation of apps such 
as salesforce automation platform. And the third piece is largely around cost 
efficiency, which Lakshay also spoke around which is going to be very very critical 
in light of the current scenario. The first two are of course attributed to a major part 
of this you know, non-recurring onetime expense and we can safely say based on 
the results which we are seeing on the domestic market front, that these initiatives 
are driving positive outcomes. 
Rahul Jovani: 
In terms of these initiatives being visibility tangibly in our financials. So, do you think 
that the entire benefit of this realignment strategy would play out in our numbers over 
the next one year period? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Definitely Rahul, these initiatives are not implemented for a quarter while the design 
and implementation is underway, the real proof of the pudding is based on success 
outcomes over our mid and long-term strategy, right. These initiatives were never 
rolled out with just a quarter in mind or just a half year in mind. So, we have a very 
solid long-term, much chalked out plan for our India model basis, which the, go-to-
market realignment was done. And we are fairly confident that this model will sustain 
and continue over the next few years 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll move on to the next question. That is from the line of Sonal Gupta 
from L&T Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Just on the ESOP charges as a clarification. So, for what period do we expect to 
incur this for how many quarters?  
Lakshay Kataria: 
So, as far as ESOP expenses concerned. This started from August this year. That's 
when the scheme was approved by the board and the shareholders, and this will 
continue. This is almost a six-year sort of scheme. And you know, because of the 
way the accounting works, you get bulk of the cost actually in the first initial year. 
And then it starts up tapering off. And just to sort of preempt the next question, maybe 
on this one overall, I think we had also in the last call indicated that you know, this 
fiscal year, I think it cost roughly about 62-63 crores. You’ve seen 13 crore come to 
this quarter. This was pretty much half quarter cost actually and you will see another 
50 crore over the next two quarters. 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Sonal Gupta: 
To understand this so next year also we should see this in this ballpark, or it will step 
up for the full year basis? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
First two years a little bit heavy because like I said upfront cost identification. You 
actually provide more in the first one to two years; you will see a significant tapering 
down happening from FY 24. 
Sonal Gupta: 
On the India performance has clearly been very strong so could you just talk about 
how it's been the thing on the trade generic side, what's been the sort of response 
there and how much is it contributing for your revenues? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, The trade generic  is very insignificant part of the entire revenue that we are 
operating at. We wanted to be a part of this play. So, that is what I shared earlier in 
my last comment, you also less than 5% of our prescription portfolio, we have shifted 
to the entire model of  trade generics and we continue to leverage the entire benefit 
of JB as organization because our prescription products, which is Rantac, Metrogyl 
are household names and they would be available at nook and corner of the country, 
perhaps at all 800,000 pharmacy of the country. So, that is what we thought in terms 
of why don't we get into the world of trade generics and the way we want to play in 
this world of trade generics is the coming time also it will be to hardly contribute 
single digit to the overall revenue that will deliver for the India business and smartly 
we want to play in terms of, we don't want to dilute the margin front. That is what I 
can comment at this moment of time. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. So, and this your in previous conversation has been that the benefit of a 
Rantac price increase would sort of come towards the end of Q3. So, would that still 
be the case? So, I mean, like, we've not really seen any benefit in this quarter,  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Marginal benefit we have seen, but you're absolutely right maximum benefit we will 
start seeing at end of Q3 
Sonale Gupta: 
While you mentioned that the CMO business remains a bit subdued, but there's a 
good improvement on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, should we see this number as 
being sustainable or improving going forward? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
I did what I was sharing in the commentary that the entire effort in the world of CMO 
business is to not only look at the existing portfolio, but venture into the progressive 
new-age portfolio beyond cough and cold, which is in the world of wellness in the 
world of immunity. That is what we intend to do. And also, we are happy to share 
that perhaps in the month of December, at some given time, we have got one more 
big client on the board and our revenues should be fetching in starting December. 
So, the entire intent in the world of CMO is to look at how do we widen our offerings 
to the existing big players with whom we have been working closely, and that 
relationship has been there for two decades and equally add new marquee clients 
with the entire capability and the capacity that we have and what we are trying to 
build in by scaling up our entire effort in the world of research and development. 
Kunal Khanna: 
And just to add to that, we only, from an international market perspective you see 
positive traction sequential basis. And also, what we hear from our customers is that 
the liquidation and uptick at the pharmacy level for some of the segments, which we 
are present in has started picking up So, we are very hopeful that if the trend 
continues and we are not confronted with other uncertain challenges related to the 
pandemic, then we should be able to sustain this while we gear ourselves for the 
medium and long-term as mentioned by Nikhil. 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Sonal Gupta: 
And this, my last question would be on the R&D I know it's going to be gradual scale-
up, but just, do you have any further thoughts there in terms of how you're looking at 
that piece and what sort of investment? 
Kunal Khanna: 
As we have always maintained there's not going to be significant change if you really 
look at our R&D spend as a percentage of sale. We have certainly activated our 
projects and these new projects call for investments. Overall, if you really look at 
comparison of our R&D spend versus last year there has been a close to 20% up 
spend but we'll be very selective and always follow a stage gate approach. And we 
don't see significant needle moving at least in the near term from R&D as a 
percentage of Sales perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Rashmi Sancheti from Incred Capital, 
Please go ahead. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
So, in your earlier comments, you mentioned that in lozenges space, we are now 
moving from cough and cold segment to immunity sort of lozenges so how different 
this opportunity is in terms of competition, in terms of margins and when are we fully 
entering into this space? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So, we have already activated projects. And the good thing is that our clients on the 
international market they have similar view in terms of diversification, with respect to 
lozenges as a dosage form in the immunity segment, right? It's a need of the hour. 
COVID has taught a lot of players like us and also our principal partners that 
segments such as immunity is the future and new dosage forms will become 
extremely relevant. In fact, there are new hybrid concepts, such as immunity with 
sore throat, which is a combination of immunity plus cough and cold segment, which 
we are present in. And these concepts are seeing initial traction and uptick in various 
markets where we are present. We have discussed a lot of these opportunities. 
There's a lot of interest. And certainly, we believe there is a huge opportunity for this 
space to be captured. It takes time. We also work with principal partners who are 
very kind of particular about quality aspects. There are approvals which go into it. 
The good part is that all these projects are underway and well-accepted and 
recognized by our principal partners. Coming to the second point of what is going to 
be the margin profile, we really don't see very differentiated margin profiles with 
respect to these products as well. And we are not a Company which follows our toll 
manufacturing model, right? For us, we are very clear that we want to work with 
selected clients and really look at quality reference standards, which suit the 
requirements of these principal partners. And the same is the case and expectation 
of those players from our side. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
Okay. And coming to again on international business like, you mentioned that we are 
seeing some logistical challenges and that is actually impacting the growth. How do 
we see second half is it still going on in some geographies or we are going to see 
that those things will get resolved and we won't see any shipment delays in anything. 
If you can elaborate more on the international market from covering all the major 
geography? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, in the last commentary as a reference point Rashmi what I have shared that our 
international business, because of the logistics issues being continued, and the 
headwinds that we are facing in the world of RMPM, first quarter was flat, but we are 
happy to report that our quarter 2 adjusted growth for international business is close 
to 5% to 6%. But the good sign is that our order book is steady for quarter three and 
quarter four. Markets like Russia have been rebounding, South Africa as I shared in 
my commentary has been doing fairly well. We have gained ranks. We are the fastest 
growing Company in the top 15. The US business is performing as per our 
expectations and some branded generic markets are impacted still due to the entire 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
lockdowns because of COVID, but what we feel that by quarter four starting we 
should be there close to low double-digit growth. However, we are closely monitoring 
the entire situation regarding RMPM input cost and supply disruptions equally the 
freight cost. And wherever is possible in our international markets, we are trying to 
pass on the cost to our partners, be it increase in the RMPM or be it the freight cost. 
So, that is where we stand, but we are monitoring the situation and we hope that 
things improve and overall, we come back to double-digit growth, which is more 
profitability in our international markets. 
Rashmi Sancheti: 
And lastly, on gross margin that you said that you all trying to transfer the cost to the 
partners, then this kind of gross margins, which we did in first quarter and second 
quarter, which was also mainly benefited from the higher domestic business growth, 
like 65% gross margin, do you think it is sustainable in the second half or do you 
think that this might get impacted due to the high API prices? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So, let me pick that up. Yes. At this stage, the visibility we have our endeavor is to 
maintain similar trajectory in gross margin. Like I said, in my opening remarks that 
yes, the headwinds on raw materials are going to sort of get stronger, but we are 
equally putting in place mitigation plans, which include price increases, which include 
some of the cost transformation work we are doing to offset that. But I would just 
caveat my comment with the understanding that this is things as it stands today. 
Every day there is a new news, someday it is papers, someday it is coal, someday 
it is gas, someday it is aluminum so this is as per the visibility we have today and 
we'll keep you posted as things developed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Sharma from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
I just wanted to know, you said in your comments that Rantac and Metrogyl are 
household names, I just wanted to know how much of the sales for these two bands 
are coming through prescription versus people's auto buying or self-prescribing and 
the related question to that do you foresee any threat of substitution in e-pharmacy 
given the fact that they have become so common and so commoditize? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Abhishek in terms of look at the entire story the IPM has demonstrated growth over 
the last one year, the biggest contribution is coming from all the big brands across 
the companies. So, we are also fortunate to be a part of that entire game in terms of 
we have five brands in top 300 and out of these two brands are Rantac and Metrogyl, 
and Rantac and Metrogyl are not two brands, for Rantac and Metrogyl we have got 
20 SKUs. And the strategy that we follow is in terms of how do our people go and 
talk about progressive SKUs news in both Rantac and Metrogyl in the clinic of 
healthcare professionals in Metro and Tier-1 part of the country, and equally we 
closely work with the channel in terms of what you are talking about the entire 
disposal, which is happening at the pharmacy. So, this is a strategy that we have 
been following, and this is all helping us to not only gain ranks, but also deliver market 
beating performance. Second part of the question is in terms of how in the rural and 
Tier-2 part of the country, we have got with entire new go-to market model, which we 
have put in place, we have what a team, where 50% of efforts are to work with the 
channels and the distributors and the pharmacies of the country. So, the overall the 
strategy that we are following for our brands, which is a combination of progressive 
and legacy mix of SKUs is helping us out to get the maximum benefit for these 
brands. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
My question was more to do with the fact that how much of it is coming through 
prescribers because they are so familiar with the band… 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Kunal Khanna: 
Abhishek, the fact remains that if you really look at the prescriptions, which are 
coming from these brands are far higher, and that is well substantiated with the 
evidence that if you count JB from a prescription perspective, we are amongst the 
top 15 companies while by sales perspective, we would be amongst the top 30. So, 
a large portion of our prescriptions and sales are happening because these are 
inherent, prescribed brands would be at HCP community. And the benefit of being in 
the branded generics market is even when there is a repeat purchase, the customer 
and the patient has such strong affinity because he knows that he's been prescribed 
that particular brand from the doctor is that he would insist for that particular brand. 
So, there are prescriptions for these brands. It's not that it's happening through trade 
push which is much well-substantiated by the number of prescriptions and the fact 
that just by scale of prescriptions, we would be amongst the top 15 companies. 
Abhishek Sharma: 
That holds true for these two brands also? 
Kunal Khanna: 
That holds true for us because of these two brands, it is essentially because of 
Rantac prescriptions that it command such high number of prescriptions in the 
overall market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Cinderella Thomas Carvalho from Centrum Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Cinderella T. Carvalho: Again, going on to the recent headwinds on the raw material side. If we look at our 
top domestic brand franchisee, like Rantac, Metrogyl, Cilacar and how well we have 
the control in terms of the supply chain and what is our sense in terms of any kinds 
of disruptions? How well have we mitigated this risk in near-term if you could throw 
some light on this? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So, with respect to our top three brands, we would say we have always been much 
more cautious in terms of maintaining material inventory, right through the last 18 
years as we kind of always were living through such uncertain times. And even as 
we look into the near future, we are reasonably sure of our supply security for these 
flagship brands. We have never really compromised on managing the inventory to 
ensure that there is reasonable supply in the market and we are well-covered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll move on to the next question. That is in the line of Ankush Agarwal 
from Search Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankush Agarwal: 
Just one quick question. So, can you talk a little bit about your strategy to use the 
cash that we have accumulated like in the past we have talked about acquiring 
brands, doing in-licensing, some opportunities in M&A so any progress on any of 
these initiatives? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, it has been a work in progress. We have been evaluating assets. We are not in 
hurry to just acquire a asset. We are looking at with the whether the brands or a 
Company which we can acquire is more EBITDA synergistic to where we stand and 
equally we are looking at because the way we are poised, we are present in three, 
four categories of business. So, any new therapeutic segment also could be a big 
welcome, but still it's work in progress and as and when things materialize, we'll be 
more than happy to share. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Just a follow-up to this. So, a larger part of our M&A strategy we focus on the 
domestic business and not the international business? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes, absolutely. 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Securities Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
I just had two questions, first is on Rantac, just from an understanding point of view 
last year we did close to 200 crore of sales from the brand so the price increase of 
50% is applicable on the whole SKUs or any perspective you can share on the part 
of the portfolio, which will be applicable on the gains if you would see? 
Nikhil Chopra:  
It is applicable Viraj on three SKUs and that is what should happen by what we had 
commented earlier by end of this quarter which as and when it happens we'll be more 
than happy to share. 
Viraj: 
Okay, so that three SKUs would that be a larger part of the overall portfolio? 
Kunal Khanna: 
That is a fairly correct assumption for a substantiate part of the main Rantac 
formulation Those three SKUs covers a good part of the portfolio. 
Viraj: 
And would we be looking to renew that or we will be kind of looking to retain that and 
I'm just trying to understand what is our approach once we will start realizing the 
gain? Would we be looking to reinvest part of that gain in markets investments? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So, I think with respect to Rantac, in fact it's kind of a very competitive market as 
Nikhil has maintained earlier also when the price increase really happened the 
material cost was going up significantly. And for us whatever healthy margin profile 
we enjoy will actually help us mitigate the escalated costs which we are kind of 
confronted with. So, that's how we'll play this. 
Viraj: 
On the second question is on the CMO customer, which we added, any indication 
you can provide on the kind of annual business the customer does and where we 
are kind of heading? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Not at this stage. This is the gradual process. You lock in a large marquee client, you 
start giving them supplies for one market, they test that market. They get confidence 
and then other markets open up. So, that's the process. It's too early for us to kind 
of comment on what are the volumes and the value, which we will be kind of gauging 
from that. But the important point is, as we always maintain that our focus will be to 
add marquee customers. And despite the lockdown period, we have been able to 
lock-in one and that process will continue. 
Viraj: 
And the related question is when we say we have added offerings in the wellness 
and immunity, so from an addressable market point of view how does it change? if 
any perspective you can share? 
Kunal Khanna: 
We are almost talking about expanding the market size by 2 to 3 times. So, don't 
really have any specific numbers on that. But most of our lozenges the platform, a 
large percentage of that was specific to the cough and cold segment and sore throat. 
Now we are talking about immunity, which generally expands the overall market 
opportunity. So, from a mid to long-term perspective if we are successful across 
these therapeutic segment, certainly the market opportunity expands manifold. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Sunil Kothari 
from Unique AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Wonderful cost measures and very good gross profit margin. Sir my question is this 
benefit of very high or reasonably very respectable gross margin, and your effort to 
improve productivity, reduce costs, all the measures we are taking will it percolate 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
down to batter EBITDA margin, maybe from current to maybe respectable or further 
going ahead, or you feel this is the sustainable margin. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
What I commented earlier as we have seen the entire environment in which we are 
operating, if you look at it's a combination of headwinds and tailwinds that we are 
seeing in the business. And what we see is currently the run rate that we are up to 
in terms of top-line, we are to around 600 crore a quarter, which demonstrate strong 
operating performance which overall will help us to deliver EBITDA margin in the 
same profile, what we delivered last year. Parallelly what we are also doing within 
this aspect is managing the headwinds which we are facing in the world of our 
RMPM, in the world of input costs, in the world of shipping, logistic issues and equally 
investing in the business for future growth. So, the way we are positioned is to deliver 
market beating performance in our geographies, where we are present majorly India, 
South Africa, and Russia, our home markets and also maintain a healthy EBITDA 
margin profile close to 26% to 27%, which we delivered last year and overall create 
value for our stakeholders. 
Sunil Kothari: 
My question is related to maybe what the next one- or three-year period. Do you see 
any improvement in this range of EBITDA or we are very happy with this EBITDA 
and we would like to invest more and grow faster. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. Anybody and everybody would be very happy to improve the EBITDA margin 
profile it can be JB or any Company but the way we are positioned, we are not looking 
at business from a today or tomorrow perspective. Fundamentally, in terms of the 
area where we are today and our entire concept is invest to grow, that is what we 
want to do. You would have been hearing the commentary  that I've been talking 
about, what we have done in India business. We have launched products, now to 
launch progressive portfolio in the world of international markets, getting product 
registered, investing in R&D, looking at how do we manage our CAPEX equally 
manage our employee costs, equally look at the environment that we're operating, if 
we are able to deliver market beating performance and generate higher revenue and 
are able to maintain the same EBITDA margin profile, we are very much poised to 
create value for our stakeholders. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Perfect. And the second question is we are really generating good cash flow. We 
have a really good bank balance also. So, what is thought process on this? By what 
times would we expect some respectable acquisition or spending of this bank 
balance, or you would like to distribute those to investor any thought process on this 
for a medium-term point of view? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, let me answer the first question and then I will invite Lakshay to talk about 
distribution what you were asking. First of all, definitely we are looking at getting into 
the world of inorganic opportunity which is definitely on the cards. We are evaluating. 
Here you don't have choices by the way. So, there are assets which are available 
which are under evaluation. It takes time and we are not an organization, which are 
in a hurry to just acquire. We are more looking at least to get that right asset at the 
right value which is more suited to the way we operate. And this effort will be majorly 
dedicated for our domestic formulation, but also equally for our ROW markets, for 
South Africa. If there are opportunities available to buy out dossiers we will not be 
shying away that is where we stand from the entire world of acquisitions as and when 
it comes. Over to you Lakshay. 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So, on your point on distribution, I think, again, it sort of links back to the first point 
you raised. I think M&A is a bit of a binary sort of event. And depending on the scale 
of M&A that comes through, obviously there are implications and how much, and 
when we can distribute dividend, but leaving that aside for a moment and generally 
talking about what our plans are. Our ideas is to maintain a certain consistency in 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
our dividend policy, right. And basically, reward our shareholders on a consistent 
basis every year like I said, this is only obviously subject to any calamities or 
significant M&A transaction which is of a certain magnitude in which case we will 
come back and disclose to all of you what sort of dividend policy we are pursuing. 
Sunil Kothari: 
So, the last question is up to now 28 lakhs options have been granted. 26 up to this 
quarter and then another 2 lakhs. So, who is the major two, three people, or two, 
three major employees who got benefit of these options, or if you can say the number 
of options we have, that has been granted. 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So, I think overall at this stage, we would restrict ourselves to the disclosures we've 
made in the financial statements. I think it would not be fair for me to sort of call out 
individual names on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Prakash from 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash: 
On the margins perspective, I heard about 26% to 27%, we are continuing with that 
kind of margin guidance. Just wanted to understand have we factored in enough of 
what we are hearing off late in terms of cost pressures, especially on RM sides, 
solvent, power, etc., so I understand we have large domestic, which will help us 
relatively better offset on the cost side. But have we factored in enough cost 
escalation on that side? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Prakash as we stand today and the way we see next two quarters, and some of the 
tailwinds that we see in the business, which will help us to mitigate the cost 
pressures, we definitely see the EBITDA in the range of 26% to 27% and when you 
were asking the question the positive side of the entire performance is what we are 
able to deliver in our India business, which has got high gross margins, which is 
helping us to maintain this EBITDA margin profile overall for the Company and what 
was not happening in this Company the new launches, which are more progressive 
in nature will also help us to fuel the growth. So, we are not only depending on all of 
our five top brands eventually you will see some quarters from here, new launches 
will also start contributing not only in the top line, but also in the bottom line. So, India 
business obviously will help us and some of the price increases that we have got are 
the tailwinds and some of the developmental work that we are trying to put in place 
and filings that we are trying to do in the world of ROW and at some given time in 
US, that is where we see in terms of same profile of EBITDA margin we will be able 
to maintain. 
Prakash: 
And just to clarify this excludes, the one-time ESOP cost, which will be a recurring 
event every quarter, right? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
The ESOP cost is recurring but it is non-cash in nature. it's more accounting at this 
stage. 
Prakash: 
I understand that, but it will be a every quarter phenomena, maybe at a declining 
pace. 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Yes. 
Prakash: 
And this go-to-market one-time cost is actually one time or that also there could be 
a recurring impact. 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Kunal Khanna: 
The go-to market is one-time. There is no real recurring impact. A very small portion 
of it, as Lakshay mentioned earlier to drive cost efficiencies, but a substantial part of 
that go-to-market is one time. 
Prakash: 
And the second question is actually on the growth side of things. So, we have done 
a phenomenal job during the quarter, but I mean, if you look at the AICD number 
coming for October, that was pretty soft, both for the market and for JB also. So, 
would you relate to that number or would you say that they're not captured in well as 
also confirmed by many companies? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, if you look at yesterday the IMS IQVIA number has come Prakash. 
Prakash: 
Sir I don't have access if you could highlight. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
10% growth of market. J.B. Chemicals is growing. It's the fastest growing Company, 
27% growth. We have climbed two the ranks also. 
Prakash: 
This is October data? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yesterday only it has come. 
Prakash: 
So, you would relate that this is more acceptable number by you? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Prakash, just to share with you, we don't look at one data. \We don't look at IMS in 
isolation. There are some fundamental levers that we put in place in terms of what 
primary revenue we're generating, the secondary uptake, which we monitor across 
the country, the efforts that our teams have been putting when talking about our 
products in the clinic of doctor, overall contribution coming from new products and 
overall, if you look at the inventory that we have in the market is less than 30 days 
and what IMS has been consistently reporting in terms of what we refer to the data. 
And that has been the story in terms of we have been delivering growth, which is a 
beating market performance by a significant difference without any contribution 
coming from the COVID portfolio. So, that is where we stand. Equally, what we also 
monitor for our overall performance is the entire prescription data, which comes from 
IMS and equally SMSRC. So, these are five to seven levers which we monitor for 
Rs. 1 billion and our revenue that we generate every month. 
Prakash: 
And lastly, on the MR productivity, where we are and given the expansion, etc., do 
we plan to add more MRs sorry I missed it if that is already discussed? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
No that is what I earlier also commented. The entire new go-to market strategy is 
fundamentally based on how do we enhance our capability in the offices of 
healthcare professionals, drive better productivity. Our productivity was close to 4.5 
lakhs today we are at 5.2 lakh productivity per person and with the new launches 
and the big brands that we have, we see forward this productivity handsomely go at 
around 12% to 14% and in next 12 to 18 months there is no plan to add any 
manpower on the ground. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Charulata Gaidhani from Dalal and 
Brocha. Please go ahead. 
Charulata Gaidhani: 
My question pertains to Russia by when do you see that Russia getting back to where 
it was earlier? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So, the Russian market was severely hit but the recent trends and on a sequential 
basis, when we look at the secondary off-take of our business we are really seeing 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
positive momentum built in. The last two, three months give us a good positive 
visibility that H2 will be much better than H1. And it's not only reflective of our current 
position, but also the overall pharma market situation in Russia. 
Charulata Gaidhani: 
And in terms of a weak cold and cough season do you see any impact on an annual 
basis? 
Kunal Khanna: 
We believe that possibly the worst is over for markets like Russia and some of our 
branded generics market for our other cough and cold portfolio. If things continue the 
way they are and as markets gradually open up even this segment, we'll see revival 
overall. So, as we have maintained the feedback, which we are getting from our 
distributors, not only in our home markets like Russia, but also in some of the other 
BGX markets, we certainly see revival happening in terms of offtake of these 
products but we have to be mindful and watchful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference to the management for the closing comments. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, first of all, thank you all for participating in the conference call for our Quarter 2 
results and as earlier what we commented in our initial remarks and based on the 
questions that we could answer is we are on a trajectory in terms of delivering around 
close to 600 crore quarterly revenue and the guidance that we give at this moment 
of time is to maintain the same healthy EBITDA margin profile close to 26% to 27% 
for the year that guidance continues to be there. And there are a good number of 
tailwinds, which we see in the business, majorly our in business continues to deliver 
those to Rs. 1 billion with high gross margin, high EBITDA profits. Equally, our entire 
blueprint that we have put into picture is to invest to grow, which will more happen in 
the international markets which will help us to do serve more and more number of 
patients globally. And with the entire opportunity that we have in hand in the world of 
CMO business, we are trying to look at how do we widen our offering, closely work 
with our marquee players, add on new market marquee big multinational players in 
terms of what capability and capacity we have in the world of CMO business and 
look at what how we can create a value for our stakeholders and serve more and 
more number of patients across the globe from the quality medicines that we offer 
from J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals in-house so that is where we stand. Thank 
you all once again, and wishing you all good health and I hope you and your families 
are well in this entire endemic of this pandemic and are scheduled to take your 
second dose of vaccination and at some given time, we'll be more than happy to 
engage with you physically that is what we intend to do. Thank you once again for 
participating in the conference call. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
