bajaj coNsuMrn CARE 
November 9, 2021 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 023 
Stock Code: 533229 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, 'G' Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East 
Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: BAJAJCON 
Sub: Conference Call transcripts (Scrip Code: BAJAJCON) 
Please find attached a copy of the Conference Call transcripts in respect of Bajaj 
Consumer Care Limited dated November 2, 2021. 
The same may please be taken on record and suitably disseminated to all concerned. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
0 
Vivek Mishra 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A21901 
Encl: as above 
Bajaj Consumer Care Ltd 
(Formerly Bajaj Corp Ltd) 
117, 11th Floor, Bajaj Bhavan, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 226 Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400021 
Tel.: +912222049056 / 58 / 8633 I CIN: L01 l 10RJ2006PLC047173 I Web: www.bajajconsumercare.com 
Registered Office: Old Station Road, Sevashram Chouraha, Udaipur- 313 001, Rajasthan 
Tel.: +91 0294-2561631 , 2561632 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 02, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – HEAD OF RESEARCH – 
ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIDEEP NANDI - MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE 
MR. DILIP KUMAR MALOO - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE 
MR. RICHARD D’SOUZA – GENERAL MANAGER - 
FINANCE - BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE 
MR. KUSHAL MAHESHWARI - HEAD, TREASURY & 
INVESTOR RELATIONS - BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 
bajajcoNSUMER CARE 
tl,c,c,securities 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bajaj Consumer Q2 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon 
– Head of Research – ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Manoj Menon: 
A wonderful good morning and good afternoon depending on which part of the world you 
are joining from. At ICICI Securities it is our absolute pleasure to host the 2Q FY2022 
results conference call of Bajaj Consumer Care Limited. Today from the management side 
we have Mr. Jaideep Nandi - Managing Director, Mr. Dilip Kumar Maloo - Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Kushal Maheshwari - Head, Treasury & Investor Relations and Mr. Richard 
D’Souza – General Manager - Finance. Jaideep Sir over to you! 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you Manoj for hosting this call and good morning to everybody from India. My 
name is Jaideep Nandi and I am joined by as Manoj said Mr. D K Maloo, our CFO; Richard 
D’Souza - General - Manager Finance; and Kushal, who is the Head of Treasury as well as 
some of my colleagues from the management committee. 
 
So let me take you through the performance of the company for Q2 and first half of the 
FY2022 before we open the house for questions. The quarter was a challenging one in face 
of category slowdown and rising input cost. After robust sales in June and July which 
witnessed high teen growth for the company we saw a sharp decline in sales in the months 
of August and September. 
 
The company reported a sales turnover of 212.2 Crores for the quarter which is 4.3% lower 
over the corresponding quarter of the previous year. In hair oils, the sale decline for the 
quarter was 2.1% by value and volume decline of 0.7%. For the half year, the sales turnover 
was at 424.2 Crores, a growth of 2.6% over last year. In hair oils, the sales value and 
volume growths were 8% and 10.2% respectively. 
 
Now gross margin for the company was at 59.1% which is 40 basis points higher on a 
sequential basis but lower by over 6% on a year last corresponding quarter. We have taken 
calibrated price increases of about 5% during the year and working on above 20 cost saving 
products to partially offset the steep commodity price inflation. The drop in gross margin 
over last year was primarily due to sharp increases in LLP, RMO as well as packing 
material prices in the year. We have taken another price increase of approximately 2% with 
effect from November. We will continue to keep a close watch on the commodity prices, 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 21 
demand conditions, competitor landscape and decides on further pricing actions in the 
future accordingly. 
 
The EBITDA for the company for the quarter was at 50 Crores with a margin of 23.6% for 
the quarter. PAT for the company was at 47.3 Crores against 57.3 Crores for the 
corresponding quarter last year. The topline of the company was negatively impacted 
mainly due to three factors in a quarter, geographically south and west did well as a region 
for overall hair oils. This is borne out both by the Nielsen data and our double-digit growth 
in both these regions in this quarter. Unfortunately, these are under index market for us. On 
the other hand, our over index markets of Bihar, UP and parts of central India severely 
declined in the quarter mainly in August and September which had an adverse effect on the 
company. Secondly as we have been witnessing for the past few quarters the consumer 
down trading continued in the quarter with the Amla and Coconut categories have been the 
fastest growing oil, while premium oils have been under pressure. Although our presence in 
these categories are low currently our direction to complete and balance the portfolio in hair 
oil should derisk our topline in the mid to long-term. 
 
Lastly with many rural markets slowing down, key wholesale markets again in the north 
and central parts of the country saw a severally reduced footfalls in August and September. 
Our company had double digit decline in wholesale while both urban retail as well as direct 
rural some near double digit and flat growth in the quarter respectively. With the market 
showing slight signs of recovery in October we expect the demand conditions to be 
normalizing in the coming months. 
 
While wholesale business has been a dampener to the performance, most of the key 
initiatives taken at the beginning of the year have been doing well. Broad basing the 
portfolio to reduce our overdependence on Almond Drops, improving distribution reach in 
west and south as well as increasing the urban retail footprint in select cities in North, east 
and central India have been yielding results. Both modern trade growth and ecommerce 
scale up have been as per plans. Modern trade registered mid teen growth on the back of the 
better store executions assortment optimizations as well as increase of distribution footprint. 
While August saw lower than expected footfall for big day events, improvements were 
seem towards the end of September and October for modern trade. The ecommerce business 
for our company continued to scale up well with doubling of business quarter-on-quarter 
and the business now contributing to nearly 4% of turnover. 
 
Listing expansion across key retailers’, investments on brand visibility on key platforms, 
activation of the non-ADHO portfolio continue to yield results as per plans. More than 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 21 
1/3rd of the sales came from non-ADHO brands in B2C ecommerce which is the highest 
ever till date. 
 
Almond Drops continue to get media support across TV social media platforms and print 
media support in key markets. Promotional support to consumer offers and selected queues 
across key geographies continued during the quarter. Bajaj Amla Aloe Vera has been 
scaling up well in select markets of North and central India with over 50% growth in the 
quarter and over 70% on a YTD basis. Rural focused TV campaign started in Q2, this was 
supported with print media and focused trades. 
 
Bajaj pure coconut oil launched in select markets of west, east and south has been getting 
good responses from the trade and customers. The product will be used to improve our 
distribution footprint in these under index markets to leverage the next set of launches in 
GT planned in the next few quarters. 
 
Urban retail continue to do well with growth for the quarter close to double digit on the 
back of retail initiatives and outright expansion. In identified top urban cities the thrust to 
increase our retail contribution will continue going forward. 
 
In rural, focus has been to improve efficiencies through technology interventions helping in 
brand route optimization and rationalization. With expansion of portfolio the focus has been 
to see the newer brands in the rural markets which is really seeing traction. 
 
The ecommerce business will remain a focus area for the company. We have just launched 
our new digital first premium brand in hair care and personal care space, Natvy Soul. We 
will be expanding our portfolio in the coming quarters. This will be supplemented with 
renewed thrust of our traditional portfolio in the channel. The digital first brand Bajaj Zero 
Hair Grey continues to scale up and will become an integral part of the ecommerce strategy 
as we scale up further activations and support in the ecommerce space. 
 
In the international business, UAE and Africa had a sharp decline due to travel restrictions 
while Nepal and Bangladesh came out of lockdown and performed well with double digit 
growth. International business will be taken up as a thrust area from the next financial year. 
 
Various ESG initiatives are being taken to reduce carbon footprints and greenhouse gas 
emissions especially in case of packing materials. There is reduction in consumption of 
approximately 14% in glass bottles, cartons and laminates put together through optimization 
and rationalization of specifications. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
The process will continue in the future. Plans are also underway to ensure that bulk of our 
packing material is of recyclable material. As part of our extended producer responsibility, 
we are on track with our target to effectively collect and co-process 100% of our post 
consumer plastic with 48% achievement of target in H1. 
 
At this stage while on a one hand we will keep reacting to the market conditions tactically 
on the other hand we will keep investing in building capability and systems to achieve our 
mid to long-term aspiration of delivering sustainable growth through broad basing our 
portfolio both in the hair care and personal care space with focus obviously on hair oil, 
making forays into the under index markets of west and south, scaling up our international 
and ecommerce business as well as improving our execution excellence, process. systems 
and focus on ESG initiatives. 
 
So with that I end my opening remarks and open the session for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have a first question from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
First of all, good performance on the diversification efforts and some of the new products 
definitely looks great. But having said that in my mind the biggest elephant in the room is 
actually the ADHO performance obviously you did allude to and your presentation has been 
fairly disclosure friendly but my question is, is it really a market growth issue or a seasonal 
issue or is it really a sales issue what I just wanted to request really to explain in which 
however quantitative or qualitative data you might have, on the core category growth itself. 
While you are doing lot of efforts on diversification but the criticality of ADHO growth is 
very critical from having resources let us say to fund lot of these multiple ventures etc. and 
also given the fact that ADHO expenses is expected to have a longer runway for growth but 
the performance over the last maybe few years not sure whether it will be really supporting 
the case so if you can just talk about the core characteristics of the particular segment or the 
category with any of the studies or any information which you may have other than Nielsen. 
Thank you sir! 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I think that is absolutely a fair question. In fact, I mean overall if you look at the entire 
premium oils etc. I mean I think it is pretty clear in the last few quarters there has been a bit 
of down trading but having said that ADHO being one of the largest brands in the hair oils 
category I think it is on to us as well to see how we can scale up ADHOs business etc. If 
you look at except for the last two months of August and September across the last three 
four quarters ADHOs growth has been generally going pretty good in fact what we wanted 
to expand both in terms of urban retails where we wanted to seed ADHO where our 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 21 
presence was low as well as in terms of deep rural I think the work had sorted up pretty well 
so obviously the setback of August and September has been there. If you ask me, yes we 
can improve our execution excellence as well and this is exactly what we are looking at in 
certain markets. I mean there is no question that the wholesale market really had a big 
setback in most of the wholesale mandis in the north and the central parts of the country but 
given our brand strength I think there is some more play there. We have seen that some of 
the corrective actions and we saw some positive impact of the month in October itself. 
There is no question that ADHO will have to fund the growth and hence ADHO needs to 
keep growing not withstanding whatever happens in all the other portfolio. I think that 
consciousness across the entire marketing sales team is very much there and I think we 
should see ADHO coming back strongly in the coming quarters. 
Manoj Menon: 
Thank you sir I will just come back I got a couple of follow ups on this for that I will 
actually come back after that question queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My question is on the rural data which Nielsen has given out even Unilever had called out 
the slowdown based on the Nielsen how seriously are you taking this data because rural 
from 8.3 to -2.7 also if you could comment on the urban growth also because that is also no 
growth right on 12% base which is not very high even urban is not growing as per Nielsen 
so could you comment on both rural slowdown how serious is it and in urban things do not 
seem to be remarkably different. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See if you look at rural, clearly we see the slowdowns that are happening. In fact while our 
rural remained flat because last year we started the van initiative and direct rural for us has 
been still holding up we see the gap in our wholesale fairly reflects that rural markets have 
clearly had a setback and that is not really coming back in a big way. In urban we see 
pockets which have been doing well. West and south for us also which are obviously much 
under index has been going well. We see signs of recovery in Delhi and in some of the 
other markets. So urban is more of a mix pack but I think rural is flat mostly across the 
country. We see rural and we have to factor in that last year rural had the impetus hence 
rural actually grew much faster. So on a two-year basis rural and urban will be more or less 
similar but rural this year on a YoY basis has gone down and that is not going to correct in 
the next one or two quarters. I do not see that correction happen as far as year to year is 
concerned. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second question is on Amla your market share you have done well from 1.6% to 3% of 
course at 3%, brands do not turn profitable in terms of market share. So if you could tell us 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 21 
what is driving this market share gain and when do you see this brand being profitable on 
its own. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
In fact, if you look at what we said, we look at Amla as a strategic investment for us and we 
see that on the brand coming to about 60-70 Crores it will turn at EBITDA neutral. As of 
now, our investments in the brand itself has been restricted. We have been also playing with 
the assortment so that where the more profitable assortment is where we have played. The 
lower size packs where the margins are far lower we are very, very under index and that is 
why we have only played in the markets where the larger packs are operating. So at this 
moment we are really not too much with a negative as far as Amla is concerned and that is 
what we will keep on calibrating. We will keep the EBITDA at those levels so as we scale 
up the brand we will keep industry backing with the brand itself so not too much of drain on 
the EBITDA. We would like to keep it neutral so that at least we are able to balance the 
portfolio. So that is what our approach towards Amla is. So 60 - 70 Crores is when we 
should be looking at a breakeven kind of in Amla. Our target is to reach about 100 Crores in 
the next two years or so. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Last question on your coconut oil foray so now almost three months have happened since 
the launch so are you seeing some level for repeat purchase and second because copra raw 
material prices are coming down have you also cut prices so that you continue to remain 
competitive versus the market leader. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So we have not cut prices, as you remember when we had launched in July we have kept 
our prices about 10% lower than the largest player and we continue to get our main 
objective as far as coconut was concerned which was basically get some specific markets of 
south and Maharashtra is getting our distribution present. It is more of a little bit of a mid to 
long-term because of the kind of launches that we are planning as far as GT is concerned in 
the next two three quarters we wanted to get some foot hold in the southern markets where I 
would say that the response is still mixed but in the western markets we see good presence 
happening as far as coconut entry is concerned. We are getting some good foothold in these 
markets and that is something that we hope to exploit in the next two three quarters. So far 
we have kept quite a tight leash on the primary sales of coconut because we do not want too 
much of this thing but we are getting good encouraging response so we will see how that 
pans out. The initial response is very good both from the consumer as well as from the 
trade. 
Abneesh Roy: 
That is all from my side thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Percy Panthaki: 
First question on the Nielsen slowdown in rural just wanted to understand how much of this 
is because of the base effect because the slowdown might just be that last year people were 
sort of recovering from COVID first wave and that is causing some kind of anomaly so can 
you give me some information on what is the two year growth rate as per Nielsen and rural 
and whether that has slowed down or not. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So if you look at there are two ways to look at in terms of obviously there is a bit of a base 
effect we are seeing compared to urban because last year you see urban had absolutely 
collapsed in the first quarter and there has been not too much of recovery as well as urban is 
concerned in that sense rural last year had a far higher growth so this year that growth has 
not got replicated. Some part of it is back even internally if I look at our own data I mean 
for the first time we are seeing rural overtaking the business and rural contributing to about 
55% of the business while urban is just about 45% in terms of markets. So, if you look at, I 
just get you the two-year CAGR for that. So this is what we are looking at so rural in terms 
of numbers for us is still higher but in our case as I said because our wholesale had 
collapsed the numbers are bad. If you look at half year results, retail for us is about 23% 
growth, wholesale is at -15% and rural markets is about a 4% growth and that is because of 
direct rural that we are doing which is with the van sales etc. So that is what we are seeing 
as far as the market is concerned. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But even if I look at your own reported growth on a two year basis for the quarter I am not 
talk about rural urban but just the total growth on the two years basis it is not I mean it is 
not a very great number so just wanted to understand how much of this is a general FMCG 
sort of growth being lack luster issue and how much of it is got to do with light hair oils 
underperforming the overall FMCG sector. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See if you look at the overall hair oil in two years CAGR that you saw rural is still better 
than urban on an overall basis that was the question that you are asking. 
Percy Panthaki: 
That is as per Nielsen sir or for you. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
As per Nielsen for us rural has been doing better so rural is on a higher growth than urban. 
Now urban this quarter if you look at specifically we had a double digit decline as far as the 
wholesale is concerned. Wholesale really went down it was over 20% decline in this 
particular quarter and as I said for the half year about 15%. So this is where our decline is 
coming which is also part of it is form the rural market. Overall it is flat. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir second question is on the input cost inflation your gross margin is down almost 700 
basis points YoY so just wanted to understand what is the inflation trends and if you have 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 21 
taken any price action to offset this and just some understanding on the gross margins going 
ahead. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So gross margins will I think remain under pressure because as far as Q3 is concerned we 
do not see any softening of prices either in LLP or RMO nor packing material. That is why 
we have taken a 2% price increase in November. Also given the way the consumer trends 
are with the so much of downtrading happening we also need to protect our brand and 
hence we will also look at how competitive action is and hence calibrate our price increase. 
Ideally we would have liked to take a much higher price increase but given the market 
scenario and the economy I do not think we will be taking more than 2% at this stage but 
we will keep monitoring the prices and in case we need to take it take a further price 
increase maybe in the next quarter we will look at another price increase if it is so required. 
But at this stage we will take the hit on gross margins. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And how much is the cost inflation as it stands today versus what we have already seen in 
your Q2 results because even after whatever charge out is there in your Q2 P&L the average 
cost of that versus the average input cost basket today that itself would have gone up further 
right. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Sorry can you repeat that question Q2 versus what. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So as the input cost stand today versus what input cost was charged out in your Q2 P&L 
there would be a further inflation. So if I look at the short prices today versus what you had 
in your Q2 P&L charge out how much would that inflation be. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
The question is consumption versus purchase right so what consumption we have booked in 
Q2 versus what are the purchase and current prices and hence… 
Percy Panthaki: 
What are the current prices versus what has been charged out in to Q2 P&L. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I have got your point. So consumption charges as it will come in Q3 material cost versus 
what it was in Q2 because it would have carry forward of Q1 so that if you look at will not 
be too significantly different because while we see RMO prices hardening we also see LLP 
softening so overall the impact even between Q1 and Q2 you did not see too much. The 
thing is that what we were expecting with the RMO hoping to soften has not happened and 
LLP has also not really softened to the extent that we expect. As a result we do not see too 
much of difference between even a Q2 and Q3 prices it will be a 1% or 2% plus minus here 
there so not really that much. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Percy Panthaki: 
Crude going up sir in the last two three months crude going up and LLP being a derivative 
of crude do not you see an upside risk to the LLP prices. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I mean while obviously it is a derivative of crude and hence LLP prices it will. Also we 
have supply demand situation, yes LLP prices have hardened a bit as I said but at this 
moment we do not see it materially making any impact on our overall LLP prices itself. It is 
not a direct correlation that you see between crude and LLP. So going forward as I said we 
will monitor in case we feel the prices had really gone up so much then maybe we will take 
another price increase which I alluded to in quarter four. As of now we are well covered for 
Q3 so really speaking for Q3 consumption there will be not too much of difference 
whichever way LLP behaves. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Deepan Sankara Narayanan from 
Trustline PMS. Please go ahead. 
Deepan S Narayanan: 
Firstly I want to understand how has been this retail offtake growth and when do we expect 
overall this wholesale chart growing with the festive season coming up and also economy 
opening up. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Well okay if you look at in terms of October business itself clearly we see some bit of 
recovery than that we have seen in August and September but given that it is the festive 
season etc. we do not see kind of that real uptick that we expect to happen. I do not think 
that has been seen across the markets in categories that at least we have been operating in or 
we have been monitoring. So having said that the certain markets where we see the 
recovery to be still a little slower especially markets of Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar 
Pradesh but other markets of the north, east, west, south etc. we see markets becoming a 
little better. 
Deepan S Narayanan: 
So in that case ,this current Ad and sales promotion run rate of 15%, 16% will it continue 
for next two to three quarters or it will go back to 18%, 11% or so. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
We will keep it at between 15% to 18% and we will operate tactically between that so 15% 
to 18% is where we will operate and as we launch our ecommerce brand we might also look 
at a little bit of a upside on that. So you would like to invest for the future so some bit of 
investment will also happen. 
Deepan S Narayanan: 
Thanks a lot and all the best. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir my question pertains to gross margin so we are almost tracking at the lower end of our 
historical margin trend. So will you want to operate at this lower end of the margin and try 
to push growth or we will try to go back to our earlier margin as per the intervention that we 
are planning to make in next three to six months. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See with this unprecedented price changes that has happened in our key raw materials I do 
not think we are in a position, I do not think the market economics also would support a 
full-fledged passing out the price increases. We also see that most of this price trends will 
always be cyclical historically and if you were to take most of the price increases then one 
is we are not sure whether how priced will be from the market place because the market 
place is also a competitive place and on the other side if you were to take a price increase 
and the prices do drop we would not be able to roll back the price drop so that is exactly 
why we are taking them in a calibrated manner. We have just taken the third price increase 
for the year and keeping it open for us to have a price increase if and when necessary so at 
this moment we will have to bear with this but we expect that in the next two quarters or so 
the prices to start softening I will just take this opportunity to get the numbers for the two 
years CAGR which is basically that we saw for the urban two year CAGR is -2.9% while 
for the rural market the CAGR is 2.9% positive with a overall CAGR of -0.3%. These are 
the Nielsen numbers. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir the second question pertains to our direct-to-consumer brand strategy so two years back 
it use to be novelty. Now it is like everybody is doing the same thing so how do you stand 
out in that crowded market and what is our value proposition which will click versus all the 
brands which have been launched and then now right from startup to establish companies 
everybody is going by that. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes, absolutely and I think there will be not too many choices left for most organizations if 
they are not already jumped into the band wagon. In ecommerce space as you remember 
last year about five quarters back our contribution to ecommerce was about 0.5% which was 
far more under index than most of our competitors now we have bridged the gap a bit at 4% 
and we think that we have enough within ourselves to push for this strategy I mean today 
we are launching Natyv Soul. I will not be able to talk of some of the other launches that we 
are planning which you will see sometime about in Q3 end. We will be talking of another 
brand but I think for us as far as our company is concerned both with the traditional 
portfolio that we have as well as the new D2C brand that we are launching we have enough 
and more fight in this space. One of the things that we keep saying is that this is a far more 
democratic space and given the equity of Bajaj we can use in our traditional portfolio and 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 21 
any other hair oils that we launch as well as some of the niche category that we can get into 
where I think it is a function of how good we are in terms of our digital and influencer 
marketing skills I think there is enough and more for us to be playing in this portfolio. I 
think in terms of skill set, infrastructure we have built it up and I think like most of the other 
large players who are getting into. I think there is enough and more for us also to be play in 
this space and given that it is an absolute number that we are chasing as a percentage to our 
turnover I think we have a better success rate possibilities than most of the larger players 
who will be looking at similar numbers in a similar part. 
Tejash Shah: 
Let us say then both our D2C brands it has also launches we are not leveraging Bajaj name 
at least that is what appears from what we checked on Amazon so how does it work then. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So this is in an absolutely nascent stage I mean this is just a prelaunch if I were to use such 
a word it is a soft launch maybe that is a word I mean you will be saying by about quarter 
four Natyv Soul having a full range of its own we are looking at about 20 to 30 products 
under the Natyv Soul brand itself which is basically in the hair care personal care space as 
well. As we will get into both digital and influencer marketing that we are talking about 
parallelly we are also looking at another range which we think might be relevant for our 
Bajaj name itself which we will be parallelly putting it across along with the traditional 
portfolio that we have. So with that we feel that as a comprehensive ecommerce strategy 
can be built up which in fact in the other range that we are talking about the Zero Grey Oil 
will actually amalgamate into that space itself and as an overall strategy I think this is what 
we would have enough and more to play with. 
Tejash Shah: 
That is all from my side and sir happy Diwali to you and the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
On a slightly different note and if I put report card not exactly report card but at the time we 
have taken over and when I look at the journey you started saying the wholesale dependent 
sales is very high and then we were trying to improve our footprint we did try to do van 
sales operation to improve our coverage and then we focus to the two quarters before from 
one brand Almond Drops to your coconut and then in-between we also have Amla and now 
we are also talking about D2C now you always if I refer last four con calls you have used 
strategy, processes, people senior management I think my candid view is that you have all 
the ingredients to show a better performance however the market conditions are not 
supporting now if I go back four years before wholesale was the key component and when 
we consciously cut the wholesale and now we are coming back wholesale is our key 
important channel so one the question is around how we should look at this country being a 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 21 
single category from the hair oil we have single brand now we have three brands now how 
do you see this company growing next two to three years I mean that is the first question. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So Shirish firstly I do not think this attempt to come back to wholesale will be something 
that we will be pursuing very, very aggressively. The overall strategy that we have stated 
upfront about six seven quarters back and that it will absolutely continue I do not think 
there is any shift in our strategy in spite of this stupendous increase in raw material prices as 
well as the demand slowdown that we have if we have to restructure some of these attempts 
to make a wholesale heavy single brand company into something which we are little more 
multifaceted and we think it will take some time and that journey is what we are 
monitoring. So the entire objective of retail initiative, penetrating directly into deep rural, 
broadening our portfolio, getting into ecommerce where we think the space is a little more 
democratized, getting international business which will take up next year. These are all in 
fact with the way we wanted this to pan out yes obviously the financial numbers have not 
backed us given what we have seen as I said in both raw material prices as demand 
conditions so this is something that I think we will continue with. I do not think we will 
change our journey or do any kneejerk reaction based on how the market conditions are but 
having said that wholesale has been one of our key pillars etc. we are not going to just give 
up on wholesale I mean that is something that is all that I was alluding to. Wholesale we 
will ensure that whatever decent work that has happened in wholesale over a long period of 
years that is retained and we will not give up on wholesale which is one of the pillars and 
then start building other pillars. We are not demolishing the house to build another new 
house it is something that we will continue to maintain while we scale up retail rural and all 
the other things this is how we would like to look at our business. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Wonderful so you are sticking to the whole strategy but one follow up here I mean while 
discussing with the channel partners and wholesale what we also have the hypothesis which 
we tell as over last two to three quarter is the wholesale is becoming a very, very 
opportunist and traditionally they were selling top two or three SKUs however the cash and 
carry is also affecting so somewhere the sense which I have gathered around last two three 
quarters is that consciously wholesale is cutting the inventory which at some point of time 
by giving maybe 1% percentage or 2% we could lowered the wholesale but then 
consciously the wholesale has come down and because the retail channel is now getting 
more digitized or maybe cash and carry is effecting so is it a part and parcel that these trade 
also having a structural inventory correction and which we do not know whether it will stop 
it at this stage or maybe going forward it started from us so because we try to split the 
channel like the pandemic the retail customers has moved from modern trade to ecommerce 
maybe physical short end will come back but consciously the trade has cut the inventory to 
what level you agree or you would have seen or witnessed this phenomena in the trade. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So partly agreed I think you have stated right I think in terms of trade reducing the 
inventory especially in the wholesale channel is clearly seems fine, but having said that 
some of the markets where wholesale is a predominant and a very, very obviously way to 
do the business let us some our hinterlands of UP, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, etc. I mean you 
really cannot do without wholesale which is where you did it like to retain our strength 
while we build a direct rural as well as in terms of urban like most of the other competitors 
we have been far more over indexed in wholesale that is something that we would like to 
reduce while maintaining the wholesale saliency in UP, Bihar, that is more of a given and 
nothing else but yes inventories have gone down in the wholesale channel and I think that is 
how the future will also pan out I do not think that we can change that. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just one last follow up on this question to what level we are joined the wholesale 
contribution today and at what level you are comfortable. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I am sorry can you come again please. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
What is the current contribution from wholesale for us. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So as of now if you look at Q2 itself the wholesale saliency has come down from the mid 
30s to about 23% so if I have to give you a exact number it is about 22.5% each for retail 
and wholesale and about 55% as far as the sub stockiest are concerned. This is how the 
numbers have panned out whichever typically about if you remember last time we had 
discussed we were talking of 30% which was wholesale, 20% was the retail and 50% rural 
so that is how the numbers has changed I mean rural or a little more but yes so this is how it 
is. Ideally we would preferred a retail and a wholesale in urban to be split to be more or less 
similar which is what it is today but not this way where wholesale has collapsed and retail 
has grown double digit. We would like the retail growth to be much higher and the 
wholesale to remain about a single digit or mid single digit or low single digit growth so 
that at least we are able to get this nice balance not the way it has happened today that we 
would like to look at in the future. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second and last question on the price increase as you mentioned that we have taken 
about 5% so far and another 2% is going in the month of November so cumulative it would 
be 7%. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
That is absolutely correct in the year. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you. I have more questions I will come back in the queue. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rahul Ranade from Goldman Sachs 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Ranade: 
Just one quick question in terms of our value growth and volume growth so if I look at it the 
value growth is even lower than the volume growth of Q2 whereas we said that we have 
taken a 5% kind of a price increase in the ADHO part of provisioning so just trying to 
understand then why is the value growth lower than the volume growth for the quarter. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes two simple reasons one is obviously as you have seen that there is a inferior mix that 
has happened which is where Amla and coconut has been scaled up and that is what will 
continue to happen where we will be putting volume growth a little higher so as of now for 
example ADHO has a saliency about 90% again not the ideal way we would like to with 
ADHO going down as a business generator but that is how it has turned out to be ADHO is 
at 90% against salience which typically was about 92% so this is one part the other part that 
has happened is and this is a conscious strategy that we have taken where we have been 
selling more of the larger packs of ADHO all of them have been growing right from 100ml, 
200ml, 300ml, 500ml, 650ml all of them have been our focus because that is where we 
make more money but obviously per ml cost of that product is much lower as far as the 
smaller packs are concerned. The smaller packs we have taken a bit of a under indexing so 
that has also had a positive impact on the volume and a negative impact on the value. 
Rahul Ranade: 
And just in terms of gross margin so what would be kind of sustainable level of gross 
margin obviously if we look at it in the past we have done significantly higher gross 
margins levels of 65%, 67% also but now with let us say Amla and coconut being a 
meaningful part of the portfolio going forward what would the gross margin look like on a 
sustainable basis let us say once the LLP and RMO prices cool off to more desirable kind of 
levels but on a sustainable basis how should we think of gross margins. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So that is what we have been looking at so originally stated the way we had planned out is 
basically looking at a gross margin coming to about 22%, 23% which is actually what it is 
today because of the LLP and RMO but we were looking at the gross margin coming to 
about 22%, 23% and then slowly scaling up because the other thing that will also get scaled 
the up is the expenses the other expenses etc. will get start flattening out as our topline 
keeps growing. So we were looking at a gross margin coming to about 22%, 23% and then 
slowly sitting back to 24%, 25% but 24%, 25% is the kind of gross margins will playing 
with EBITDA margins that we would like to be playing with on a overall basis. 
 
I would rather look at EBITDA or rather than just pure gross margin play as such because if 
you look at even ecommerce brands that you have you have very high gross margins but 
then EBITDA will be lower because the cost that we will be putting in promotion and so on 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 21 
and so forth so really speaking it is better to look at the EBITDA margins rather than just 
whichever gross margins because if it is a single brand single category gross margins on a 
linear basis is easier to look at but moment you are looking at a play and a portfolio it is 
where EBITDA margin that would rather be comfortable. 
Rahul Ranade: 
And just the ADHO what would have been the volume growth for the quarter I think last 
we had a base of around 2% if I am not wrong and the current numbers would be on that 
basis. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I am sorry can you come again what was that. 
Rahul Ranade: 
No in terms of volume growth for ADHO what would that number be because I think 
September 2020 quarter was a 2% kind of a growth if I am not wrong. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes, so it is actually if you look at the overall numbers itself with a -4% ADHO is also 
nearly exactly the same because there is not too much of difference that happens so ADHO 
is just a little higher than that number so not really material difference as far as ADHO 
growth versus overall company. But significantly if I have to just give and add a little bit of 
flavor to that I think what we are seeing is all the larger packs 100ml and above as a group 
has been doing pretty well those are all positive while the smaller packs is where the stress 
is and that is also borne out by the fact that UP, Bihar smaller pack markets the UP markets 
as well as the wholesale have been in boarder term. So the smaller pack is where we have 
lost out a bit while the larger packs have still stood up well on a two year CAGR as well as 
on a one year growth basis as well both on a quarter basis as well as on a YTD basis. 
Rahul Ranade: 
And the price increase like when we talk about a 5% as price increase through the year it 
can be understood as a weighted pricing increase right but it will be across the SKU. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
It is a weighted price increase unfortunately where the price brands are fix like a Re.1 
sachet etc. you cannot really go down further on the packing or sachet. I mean with a 2.5 ml 
you cannot really bring it down further so there we have not taken the price increase so in 
the larger pack the price increase is more which ways if that to the percentage that we talked 
about. 
Rahul Ranade: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have two questions in this turn on the base of 5% we have shown a decline of 6% last year 
while I see that next two quarter our base is also going to be stronger I am not saying the 
guidance but would you help me to understand how one should look at the performance 
because the three things which we have spoken is distribution expansion led by rural and 
sales operation direct reach wholesale might come back after the festive season if there is a 
demand condition which is going to improve which is external while we also see that you 
have done from one brand to three brand and you know your expansion streak in the west 
and in the south so maybe if you can help us whether now already if you consider 7% price 
increase which is there but if you indicate what will be the volume growth and what is your 
inspirational level and where we can see this year end. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, Shirish just to as I said I would not be able to give you guidance but I think some of the 
strategies that we put up in the month of October itself seems to be bearing fruit and we see 
a pretty decent jump from what we saw in August and September as far as our performance 
is concerned I think more or less we also are clear how to be reacting to the market place in 
the months of November December as the season comes up so I think I am pretty quietly 
confident that wherever the gap has happened in terms of the deep decline as far as 
wholesale is concerned that will get neutralized to quite a extent where all the other 
initiatives continue on their own, so I am expecting a far better Q3 in that sense. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question is that you alluded saying that the dream stands you and Africa we 
have seen some pressure while Nepal and Bangladesh has done better so could you spend a 
minute how one should look at the second half for the international market and I am 
expecting that this lockdown issues and other things should be different from India. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See our base is so insignificant most of the business has happens more by default rather 
than by design there is no intervention as such that is there in the international market as of 
now just now in the last one, one and a half months we have started working in these 
markets and that is why in my opening statement I said that you will see something of 
products we are talking about as far as international markets in the next year or so at this 
moment it is more ground work that is happening and the reason for that is simple because 
with a company which has been till now is only focused on one brand as you are looking at 
expanding we are also need to be able to chew that we put on our plate so how much we 
take on our plate is something that we need to be completely conscious of and ensure that 
those initiatives that we have taken up are actually starting to fructify. We have taken Amla,  
we taken up coconut, we have taken up ecommerce, we have taken urban and rural 
initiatives as I said. I think and with coconut we are looking at even the west and south so 
this itself is something that we would like to stay on with for the next two three quarters, 
have some positive signs that we are already seeing in some of these markets while 
ecommerce also keep showing traction and then we will start looking at further more. We 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 21 
do not want to take too much on our plate not only from the balance sheet and cash flow 
point of view but also from our own bandwidth point of view I think we need to be a little 
careful on that we do not want to make too many changes to certainly. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My last question is on again Nielsen and I was sitting on in the month of November I am 
sure you would have September numbers with you what is the Amla growth rate in terms of 
volume value for the quarter if you can help me to understand and what is our growth rate 
for Amla. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See I have given you our growth rate as well as the market shares I mean that will be 
picking in some of the numbers we have grown by volume of about 70% and our market 
share has gone up from 1.7% to 1.3% market share so you can do the math backward.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Alright thank you and all the best Jaideep and team thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Rohan Samant from Multi-Act. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohan Samant: 
On the margins like in the past the commentary that you have given was basically focusing 
on improving the absolute EBITDA rather than focusing on the percentage margin so do 
you still hold on to that guidance over the next two to three years that your focus would be 
more on absolute EBITDA rather than the percentage. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Absolutely I think given the directional changes that we are trying to do and the initiatives 
that we are talking of I think the overall play has to be where all the other cost elements of 
the company get neutralized like if you look at our company one of the key discussion 
points that we always keep having is why is our employee cost so high and that is mainly 
because while as a company you need to be able to fight and have strategic thinking 
capabilities the way some of the larger players have but in terms of our size when you put 
that as a percentage to a sale obviously we will always look higher. That if you have to 
neutralize and along with that the manufacturing and the admin and everything else we have 
to neutralize we will have to look at the company being broad basing the organization. Now 
broad basing the organization if you have to develop brands which bring in gross margins 
of the kind that ADHO brings that would mean about a decade of investment in these kind 
of our brands now because that is the kind of equity you will have to build up so that you 
can pull in that so ADHO focus needs to remain. ADHO needs to be build in fact one of the 
first questions that was asked is ADHO focus cannot go on now that is something while 
there has been a bit of dropping of the ball in this quarter. ADHO focus will have to 
continue across all forums I mean for example in this particular case as I said the low unit 
packs, the smaller packs have actually lost a bit and that is something that we will have to 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 19 of 21 
bring back very, very quickly and that is what the focus has been other than that I mean the 
ADHO focus will have to remain here we get our EBITDA margins from but overall if you 
look at as a percentage we would not want to keep at a margin which is at 28%, 30% or 
35% EBITDA because then you will not be able to reinvesting anything else that you are 
looking to develop so over the next three to five years that EBITDA margin of 23% to 25% 
is what we will target it might be a 23% but that is on a neutralized and a normalized LLP, 
RMO as well as in decent market condition so I am not talking of a very, very good market 
conditions but at decent market conditions where the market in hair oils is growing at mid 
single digit to a mid single digit. 
Rohan Samant: 
And so basically if we are looking at a 23% EBITDA margin and in the past the base that 
we started with was much higher so essentially your topline growth has to be at a very 
healthy cliff as compared to what we have seen in the last two to three years so that is 
something that you are looking at right in terms of…? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See again you will have to compare the basis in a little more normalized manner with a kind 
of unprecedented price increase that we have seen in LLP and RMO, the 23% that you are 
seeing today itself would have looked 28%, 29% that is because we have not really made 
any big time investment in some of the larger brands. So our own investment will also 
remain calibrated because of a pressure that we see in LLP and RMO. We will also calibrate 
our investment so that we do not have a big hit on our EBITDA margins as such so there 
will be some dilution but yes in a normalized situation these are the kind of numbers you 
would have looked , at a 23% to 24%. 
Rohan Samant: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the last question from the line of Arvind Datta, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Arvind Datta: 
My question is related to long-term strategic plan from a three to five year perspective are 
there any plans to enter in other personal care segment or you want to remain a single 
product company and the second part of it is that today we are a 1000 Crores company and 
if we have to scale up to 2000 Crores or 3000 Crores over the next five to ten years we will 
need to have a portfolio other personal care products or you have the distribution network 
why not leverage by launching other personal care products especially on an ayurvedic 
theme this is my question. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Absolutely right question and this is something that we have been anyway exploring and 
some work has already happened in this area I mean if you have been include in to our 
commentary we have been looking at some of the extensions of using our almond drops 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 20 of 21 
portfolio itself I am not sure still whether Ayurveda is somewhere we will have the requisite 
trend to get in and whether our theme would bring in that kind of an equity as some of the 
other larger well known brands do bring in so that is something that anyway we will keep 
exploring but yes getting into some of the personal care adjacent spaces is something that 
we are looking at along with some of the completion of our hair oils as well as close 
adjacent hair care portfolio. So in the next two three quarters you will see some of the more 
graded launches now why we have not gone too aggressive in launches etc. because we 
believe that we will have to invest in the brands rather than let us just the distribution 
network take care of the brand itself. We have seen some of the large competitor has launch 
a Plethora of brands and I am presuming that the expectation is the distribution itself will 
picking up I do not think we have the wherewithal or the skills to do that. We would rather 
do it in a more calibrated manner as we see some of the other larger peers. We do it in a 
calibrated manner and we would like to stay invested in some of the brands so we have 
launched Amla, we have launched coconut, we have launched ecommerce range and there 
will be another few launches that we will see and we will like to remain there and keep 
grading our self based on what kind of money we make out of ADHO. 
Arvind Datta: 
Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you so much for patiently bearing with us I think as I said this has been a challenging 
quarter both from the demand conditions perspective as well as in terms of where the 
demand has been distributed in. We have seen some bit of recovery happening in October 
and we have also now also reacting to the market place to see where the declines are and 
what can be done as far as we are concerned so in terms of execution excellence our focus 
has been there while on the long-term we are not going to really change any of our 
strategies going forward so building of the team is already more or less in place as well as 
in terms of the areas that we have talked about I would not like to repeat them but those 
three four initiatives that we have put in for ourselves those will keep monitoring because 
we think as a company we have to if we have to derisk ourselves with a single product on a 
predominant wholesale channel we will have to build these things over the next two three 
years and that is the direction we will continue to follow and I think we will see results 
coming in slowly as the quarters go by. So thank you so much for patiently bearing with us 
and thank you for showing confidence in us thank you Happy Diwali to all of you and your 
families on a very, very great festive season to you all. Thank you. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 

 
 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
November 02, 2021 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Thank you to the members of the management. Ladies and 
gentleman on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining with us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 
