REGD. & CORP. OFFICE : 38 KM STONE, DELHI-JAIPUR HIGHWAY, GURUGRAM - 122001, HARYANA (INDIA)  
EMAIL : rico@ricoauto.in   WEBSITE : www.ricoauto.in  TEL. : +91 124 2824000  FAX : +91 124 2824200   
CIN : L34300HR1983PLC023187 
RAIL:SEC:2021 
 November 19, 2021 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code - 520008
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
5th Floor, Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code - RICOAUTO 
Sub :  Transcript of Conference Call held on 15th November, 2021 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Conference Call held on 15th November, 
2021 with the Investors. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
for Rico Auto Industries Limited 
B.M. Jhamb
Company Secretary
FCS : 2446
Encl :  As above 

Page 1 of 8 
“Rico Auto Industries Limited 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call”
November 15, 2021 
ANALYST 
: 
MR. VIJAY GYANCHANDANI - S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 
MANAGEMENT : 
MR. ARVIND KAPUR     - CHAIRMAN, CEO & MD
OF RICO AUTO 
MR. O.P. AGGARWAL  -  CHIEF ADVISOR (FIN. & A/CS.) 
MR. SURENDRA SINGH -  PRESIDENT & COO  
MR. RAKESH SHARMA -  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. SANDEEP RAJPAL -  VICE PRESIDENT (MARKETING) 
MR. B.M. JHAMB            -  COMPANY SECRETARY  

  Rico Auto Industries Limited 
November 15, 2021 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rico Auto Industries Limited Q2 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by S-Ancial Technologies Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand over the conference over to Mr. Vijay Gyanchandani from S-Ancial 
Technologies. Thank you, and over to you, Sir! 
Vijay Gyanchandani: Thank you, Operator. Welcome you all to the Rico Auto Industries Q2 FY2022 earning 
conference call. From the management we have today Mr. Arvind Kapur - Chairman, 
CEO & MD, Mr. O. P. Aggarwal - Chief Advisor (Finance & Accounts), Mr. Surendra 
Singh, President & COO, Mr. Rakesh Sharma – CFO, Mr. Sandeep Rajpal – Vice 
President – Marketing and Mr. B. M. Jhamb - Company Secretary. Now, I request Mr. 
Arvind Kapur to take us through the key remarks after that we can open up the floor for 
the Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Arvind Kapur: 
Good evening. This is Arvind Kapur. Thank you for joining us on today’s call and the 
last quarter has been a little tough though and primarily because of the popular word 
now is 3Cs that is COVID, the Container problems and Chips problem, primarily the 
chips problem, and but some of our customers are done still well and we are very happy 
about that and just to give you a snapshot of what has been happening. 
In the two-wheeler industry we see a downturn and we do not see much improvement 
actually taking place and it is primarily because of the rural area income being low and 
that is one area which is not impacted because of chips but primarily because of the 
demand requirement, coming to the passenger vehicles fortunately the demand is there 
and here the delivery was an issue and companies like Maruti and Mahindra and others. 
There is waiting of almost seven to eight months to ten months depending on the type 
of vehicles that are there. 
Commercial vehicles fortunately are picking up and we are very happy about that and 
just to give you gist as to how Rico did compared to how the industry fared if you look 
at the total industry, in the two-wheeler there was a degrowth from last year and there 
was a flat growth in the two-wheeler and if you look at the four wheelers there was a 
growth of only 0.74% from the previous year but your company grew by almost 49% in 
the four-wheelers, in the car industry and this was primarily because of the KIA 
Motors. Maruti also picked up a little but they are lower than the previous quarters in 

  Rico Auto Industries Limited 
November 15, 2021 
Page 3 of 8 
any case and if you look at the commercial vehicles the industry grew by 25% but your 
company Rico grew by 126% in the commercial vehicle. 
It appears that this quarter also see some further growth taking place in the car industry. 
Maruti is picking up, they are managing to get more chips into the system and we are 
hoping that this quarter should be better than the previous. The next three months 
should be better than the previous two months definitely but as a quarter also it should 
be a little better but fortunately for us our customer Renault and Hyundai they have also 
picked up and this quarter I think they are doing pretty well. Hero at the moment, the 
two-wheeler industry is still down and it is although flat but we are able to maintain, 
and we are very close to the budget that we are prepared for the supply to the two-
wheeler industry. We are around those figures only and Toyota the demand has gone up 
and they are actually picking up more than what we had budgeted and whatever the 
demand that Toyota had indicated they scheduled a much higher than before so we are 
very happy about what is happening in some of the makers and Maruti is also there, 
demand is going up gradually as the more and more chips coming to arrange. 
Commercial vehicle is showing a very good sign and we are shipping much more and 
we are thinking on diverting resources to meet the demand of the commercial vehicle 
requirement. In the electric vehicles the demand is going up and our sale has also gone 
up and we are very happy that we have engaged this electric vehicles in a big way and 
we are engaging ourselves with all the manufacturers for further expansion to take 
place in the electric vehicles. 
Finally what I would like to say is that as the chips requirement eases the car industry is 
improving, the electric vehicles are improving further because even in the electric 
vehicles what we supply to France, they had shutdown their plant for couple of weeks 
in the last quarter because there is a shortage of chips but they managed to ramp up 
chips now as the PSA plant in France is running pretty well. 
So we are happy about that also but we are really hoping that the two-wheeler industry 
sees a turnaround and that is the only disturbing factor. So our two-wheeler sale for 
quarter 2 last year we were 41% share of the turnover and this year it is 34% only. 
The four-wheeler last quarter was 39% and this quarter we are at 49% now and in the 
commercial vehicle from 3% we have gone to 6% of our turnover and the others we are 
about the same. So that is where the total mix is at the moment and the expansion is 
taking place in the electric vehicles and electrification. 

  Rico Auto Industries Limited 
November 15, 2021 
Page 4 of 8 
The project for Toyota that we had announced in the last quarter, the investments are 
taking place, the building is almost ready, some of the machines have already been 
placed and the initial trials have also been conducted by Toyota and the components 
have been approved and we are hoping that the project goes in time and we are hoping 
there is no shortage of chips as far as this particular vehicle is concerned and the launch 
also takes place in the next year. The investments are taking place there and the 
machines and equipments are in place there, despite the rains and the adverse climatic 
conditions that were there in Chennai. We are as per our commitment that we have 
given to Toyota. So that is from our side and we are open to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vibha Batra from FairConnect. Please go ahead. 
Vibha Batra: 
Just to know some outlook on your topline and also on operating margins. Obviously 
there has been some setbacks in two wheelers but how do you see the demand and also 
you are seeing quite flexible in getting some supplying to two-wheelers versus four-
wheelers so in light of that what could be our outlook and also your EBITDA margins 
are in single digit versus lot of auto component suppliers which are in double digit do 
you think you can do higher on value chain going forward? 
Arvind Kapur: 
As far as the EBITDA margins are concerned you are seeing a change but this was not 
enough this quarter. We actually lost about 100 Crores of sale in consolidated basis and 
if that sale was there our EBITDA margin would have been much better than whatever 
we have indicated here and the next quarter we are seeing the market actually 
improving and you will see the change as far as EBITDA margin is concerned and if 
you also notice the other reasons why our margins are coming down was primarily 
because of the air freights as we were incurring and those have also come down 
drastically and hopefully by end of November they should end and the shipment that 
were taking place by sea those have increased but the only problem is that the timing of 
5-6  weeks from here to Europe have went up to almost 9-10 weeks. Now we see some
improvement taking place there and hopefully our air shipments will also get 
eliminated primarily because of the sea shipments are also reaching in time and the 
same thing implies for shipments to USA, from 9 weeks to USA it went up to 13-14 
weeks and now we see some improvement there and the congestion at the ports in US 
is there and we are hoping that soon that would also get clear because there is a 7 day 
around a clock working that has started there in most of the ports in the US. So we are 
hoping that also improves but having said that there is a shortage of trucks in US and 
that is also transporting the goods from the ports to the customer or to our warehouses, 
which is also becoming a challenge but anyway we are facing that with aggression. 
You will see a change coming into our margins and this quarter is better and next 

  Rico Auto Industries Limited 
November 15, 2021 
Page 5 of 8 
quarter should be even much better and the double digit you will see it coming in the 
next quarter. 
Vibha Batra: 
What will be your outlook for FY2023 both on sales and EBITDA margin? 
Arvind Kapur: 
We will share with you in the next quarter when we discuss about it but we are hoping 
to get all those about 22% - 25% growth next year that is if the market is normal and in 
the two-wheelers pickup then of course the growth will be much higher then we should 
be in the region of about 30% - 35%. 
Vibha Batra: 
What is your capacity utilization? Would that be a constraint there over next two years? 
Arvind Kapur: 
We keep on adding capacity as per requirement but whatever capacity we had we keep 
a lot of flexibility, to your previous question if the two wheelers are down what we do 
with the capacity that gets vacated. We have lot of flexibility on changing those 
equipments for utilization into wherever the demand is more. To give an example for 
Maruti Suzuki one particular engine they kept up producing higher than whatever was 
the demand so we did divert some of the machines from two wheelers into that capacity 
so we keep on doing this and like the commercial vehicles all of certain that the 
demand started going up so we did utilize the capacities that the surplus capacity we 
had in the two wheelers so it starts right from the die-casting to the machining so die-
casting in any case is totally fungible with whether we produce the commercial vehicles 
or whether we produce the passenger vehicles and all two wheeler components and also 
the electric vehicle component. So that is a flexible capacity that we have. There are 
very few equipments which are totally committed mainly the inspection equipment and 
final assembly equipment and testing equipment which gets committed only for a 
particular vehicle others by and large we maintain flexibility in our system. 
Vibha Batra: 
One more request like we have generally have a lot of results over the weekend and 
there are three concalls happening at 4 o’clock today so and it is very difficult to choose 
from them, there are a lots of midcaps also having the concall would it be possible to 
shift the call timing to maybe 10’o clock in the morning when there are least number of 
calls so that there are no conflict if it is possible? 
Arvind Kapur: 
We have no issues in shifting the call but we leave it to our advisors who tell us that 4 
o’clock is not the best time because the market is close and the market is open up and 
we are open at 10 o’clock, 11 o’clock, 12 o’clock we are open anytime. Thank you for 
joining us today and choosing our company over the others. 

  Rico Auto Industries Limited 
November 15, 2021 
Page 6 of 8 
Before the next question comes this is again Arvind Kapur, I will just brief you about 
the investments which are taking place. So the primary investments that have taken 
place now are for the Toyota projects which is being set up in Chennai and the 
equipment and the building as I mentioned earlier is in place and the further equipment 
would also come in before the production lines actually comes in. The low volume 
production trials have already taken place for four out of the six components, so the 
investment is in Chennai and partly for the iron components in Pathredi plant and 
everything is taking place now. So we are there for the eligibility so that is the low 
volume trial that has taken place. I think next month onwards the high-volume trials 
will start taking place in December and January. The Toyota teams are there sitting in 
our plants and helping us supporting us and also monitoring whatever the progress is 
taking place despite the heavy rains that are taken place there. Pathredi has already 
done the executing and now we will be ready for the high-volume production trials. 
Vibha Batra: 
Thank you so much ad all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Mehta, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Good afternoon Sir, and congratulations on a good set of number. Sir my question is on 
the new business front on the major development can you throw some light on the 
potential business with the customer under discussion? 
Arvind Kapur: 
See you are talking about new businesses in hand. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Yes, Sir. 
Arvind Kapur: 
We are constantly discussing new businesses with our customer but for your 
information this year we have already picked up businesses, the program value of about 
700 Crores and if you take a yearly it is about 169–170 Crores would be the add-on 
turnover once this businesses go into production. These businesses have already been 
picked up, we have received the letter of intent and everything and so this is a constant 
exercise for expanding our customer base and also spending our businesses with our 
customers. 
Sandeep Rajpal: 
But also right now further discussion for new projects is going on with GKN, BMW, 
Norgren and some others even in case of non-automotive we are trying to pursue on 
customer so let us see how the progress happens in the coming years. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you so much Sir. 

  Rico Auto Industries Limited 
November 15, 2021 
Page 7 of 8 
Arvind Kapur: 
You must also understand that there is a certain change that is taking place people who 
were sourcing from China they are actually diverting their attention to India and so that 
is also having impact and we will see that fructifying by next year definitely.  
One other thing I would like to add here is that this year we had mentioned in the 
beginning that we would be crossing 2,000 Crores and we are in the ballpark and we 
should, despite the chip shortage and the two wheelers not performing as expected and 
what we have taken in our budget, we are still in the ballpark and we should be 2,000 
Crores plus minus 5% that what the range is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I will now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Arvind Kapur: 
Thank you so much and we were actually hoping to have more interactive sessions but 
the last quarter was difficult primarily because of the chip shortages in the passenger 
vehicles sector and the chip shortage, the availability of chips is improving but it is 
expected that the shortage will continue till almost the middle of next year but there is 
an improvement that one sees on a daily basis. It has actually come down to daily basis 
because in Malaysia their plant have started working and the other plants in Malaysia, 
they had shut the plant mainly because of COVID and now those plants have started 
working and the other plants in Italy and other places are also working now. So 
availability is improving but the demand is also going up tremendously. What has 
happened they say that it should be close to normal somewhere in the middle of next 
year and but so the extra demand for the cars, the Maruti production going up and KIA 
and others also Renault also increasing the production and the electric vehicles in 
Germany as well as BMW where we supply and also PSA that we supply and Renault 
for the electric vehicles their demand is also going up tremendously primarily because 
of the CAFE norms that they are require to meet in Europe but they are hoping that in 
the next 5-6 months’ time their volumes would go up and the availability should be 
even better but the demand is going up tremendously and the stability would probably 
come after the middle of next year but we are hoping that sooner the better. The other 
thing that we are hoping is that the two-wheeler industry starts bouncing back, we 
expected a bounce back during the Diwali time. It has come back but not with 
expectations that we all wanted at least but as I said that in the two wheeler we have 
been able to increase our share of the business with the current customers and we are 
very close to whatever we had budgeted for the supplies to them and we are still 
working on it and to see that we can increase further share so that we actually increase 
the budget that we had done but if the market improves of course there will be a 
tremendous improvement that will take place. Thank you so much for joining us today 

  Rico Auto Industries Limited 
November 15, 2021 
Page 8 of 8 
and any other questions you can write to us and we will respond immediately and we 
can also have a one-to-one talk with you all. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of S-Ancial Technologies Private Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
