rege faite 
WR; 
AIITES 
RITES LIMITED 
THE INFRASTRUCTURE PEOPLE 
(Schedule ‘A’ Enterprise of Gove. of India) 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE 
Date: December 06, 2021 
  
To: 
To: 
Listing Department, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, | BSE Limited, Rotunda Building, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, Bandra - | P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
  
Scrip Code- RITES 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
 
 
  
Sub: Transcript of post Result Conference Call held on 12" November, 2021 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Post Result conference call held on Friday, 
12'" November, 2021 
to discuss the Financial Results for the quarter and half year 
ended on 30" September, 2021. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For RITES Limited 
x 
Joshit Rafijan Sikidar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A32442 
astute prateaa: Usa Wa “Ho, 1, Trex—29, WeIta-122 001 (AIA) Corporate Office: RITES Bhawan, No. 1, Sector-29, Gurgaon-122 001 (INDIA) 
doftagd arafers: were Arm, creel AR, feeefi—110 092. (ING) Registered Offlce: SCOPE Minar, Laxmi Nagar, Delhi-110 092, (INDIA) 
KATH: (Tel.): (0124) 2571666, Bau (Fax): (0124) 2571660, {Ta (E-mail) info@rites.com Wararge (Website): www.rites.com 
CIN 
: L74899DL1974G01007227

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY22 Results Conference Call 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management  
 
1. Shri Rahul Mithal – Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) 
2. Shri Bibhu Prasad Nayak – Director Finance (DF) 
3. Shri Joshit Ranjan Sikidar – Company Secretary (CS) 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
RITES Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY22 Results Conference Call 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, Ladies and Gentlemen. I am Stanford, the moderator 
for this conference. Welcome to Conference Call of RITES Limited 
arranged by Concept Investor Relations to discuss its Q2 and H1 FY22 
Results. We have with us today, Shri Rahul Mithal – Chairman and 
Managing Director and Shri Joshit Ranjan Sikidar – Company Secretary. 
At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will 
conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a 
question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your telephone keypad. Please 
note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
floor over to Shri Rahul Mittal – Chairman and Managing Director. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Good morning, everybody. Just to add, I think Stanford missed that I 
have with me my CFO and Director Finance Mr. Nayak and my entire 
team. Just to add to that, that I have recently joined as CEO and 
Chairman and Managing Director of RITES on 7th October. I am 
privileged and humbled to head this organization with a rich past of 47 
years. I'm from the Indian Railway Service of Mechanical Engineers, 
worked for 20 + years with Indian Railways and then last 10 years in 
Container Corporation and now I'm heading RITES.  
To take this forward, the results as you see have been uploaded on the 
website and the figures seem to be encouraging. We have built up on 
the platform of Q1.  

 
 
Page 3 of 25 
Let me begin with the safe harbor statement. The presentation and 
press release which has been uploaded and all discussions that we have 
today may have some forward-looking statements. These statements 
obviously carry some risk and uncertainty because of which the actual 
results could be different. We don’t undertake to update these 
statements periodically.  
And when we talk about the highlights of the results which you have 
seen on the print and social media, of those some brief figures I’ll make 
as an opening statement and then we'll open-up the forum for 
questions.  
The quarter revenue has gone up by about 57% (standalone) and the 
operating revenue has gone up by 74%. Core EBITDA has shown a 
growth of about 69% and is primarily on account of export and leasing 
growth. The PAT is up by 25%. These are comparative figures between 
Q2 of FY22 vis-à-vis Q2 of FY21. The core EBITDA and PAT margins 
sustained at healthy 27% and 21%.  
Our important subsidiary REMCL has also shown a healthy growth of 
31% in revenue and almost double the profit.  
We have declared a second interim dividend of Rs 4 per share and we 
have a consolidated order book as of 30thSeptember of Rs.6435 crore.  
With these brief opening comments, I leave the forum open for 
questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Chintan Sheth from Sameeksha Capital.  

 
 
Page 4 of 25 
Chintan Sheth: 
First question is on the recent railway board’s order on opening up the 
rail contracts for the private firms as well. Any implications? if you can 
highlight what kind of risks and opportunity. …It will impact RITES in the 
future specially for the consultancy business because large part of the 
business was coming from railways on the nomination basis. If it goes 
to private firms, how should we look at RITES’ ability to win contracts 
in future? Second is on the export side, we have anticipated… 
Rahul Mithal: 
Chintan… sorry… I'll interrupt you. So as Stanford mentioned in the 
beginning, I'll take one question at a time and then you can come back 
in the queue. There can be a supplementary question on the same 
subject but then I would request you to come back for the second 
question on export later. So, answering your specific question on this 
recent circular of Railway board - two key points. One is its impact on 
our existing order book or future order book. So, while there were 
railway orders which were in pipeline and yet to fructify, we would aim 
to take them to a logical conclusion. But in fact, I see the circular as an 
opportunity rather than a challenge because for consultancy business…  
if you're following RITES, you must have seen that RITES in consultancy 
is doing works across the spectrum of clients, whether it is state 
governments, other PSUs, private players, domestic as well as 
internationally. So, I would take this as an opportunity to in fact 
leverage to become more competitive and take on more work, both 
domestic as well as internationally. As far as turnkey works are 
concerned, which we were getting on competitive bidding among the 
railway PSUs from railways, well… we were in any case bidding for last 
2 years and getting them on a competitive basis. So, we will continue 
to do that. As a bottom line as I would say … I take this very much as an 
opportunity which can be leveraged to make our top line and bottom 
line grow further.  

 
 
Page 5 of 25 
Chintan Sheth: 
Any insight on who will be our competitor in consultancy if private 
market is opened up for rail tenders? If you can highlight and what is 
our cost competitiveness to safeguard our margins in future? 
Rahul Mithal: 
We have three broad areas of working or in terms of peer groups let 
me call it, one is consultancy, one is inspection and turnkey besides 
Expotech for abroad. I would consider all the key players in private in 
each of these sectors as my peer group and the best in class as my 
healthy competitors. Whether it is the best-in-class consultancy firms 
or consultancy agencies, or the engineering consultancy firms or 
engineering consultancy PSUs or inspection firms, whether globally or 
domestic, I would consider them all my healthy competitors and I want 
to assure you that we are already working on it. We have been working 
on it earlier but more so in the last 15-20 days after issue of these 
guidelines, to be able to identify the opportunities which come up and 
how best we can make our bids competitive with all these peer groups.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyansh Mehta from Equirus 
Securities. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
My question pertains to exports. So basically, good to see that exports 
are back on track. So, of the balance Rs. 900 odd crore, how do you see 
that panning out over next three to four quarters and subsequent 
question is when do you see new orders coming back as far as the 
export segment is concerned? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So yes, you've touched a very important subject and an important 
element of our top and bottom line. Yes, exports have started picking 
up. We have done about Rs.340 odd crore till now and the production 
is on track. I have reviewed it across our sourcing manufacturers. I 
would foresee that out of the total odd thousand crore, we would, in 
this FY, aim to reach about Rs.700-750 crore plus and then with the 

 
 
Page 6 of 25 
balance. If this trend continues and I’m sure it'll continue with our 
manufacturers and sourcing suppliers on board that we should be able 
to take this somewhere till the middle of next year. The second part of 
your question that yes, we are working very hard to get some new 
orders right away in the next 2 to 3 months so that the pipeline doesn't 
dry up and we maintain this for the coming FY also. For that, we have 
seen opportunities across countries, whether it is in our neighboring 
countries or whether it is in Africa or other Southeast Asian countries 
where they are asking for the rolling stock to be customized for their 
gauge, whether it is a cape gauge or standard gauge and whether it is 
locomotives or coaches or DMUs. We are working on that and I'm sure 
that we will be able to keep the pipeline uninterrupted.  
Shreyansh Mehta: 
So just a small clarification, when you say Rs.750 odd crore, that's of 
the balance 1000 odd crore which is left, right?  
Rahul Mithal: 
I would say a cumulative of about reaching about Rs.750 odd crore in 
this FY and then the balance would spill over to somewhere in the 
middle of next FY. That as I said presuming, we don't have a setback in 
the next one month or so. I'm hopeful that the way things are, I hope 
that no restrictions come up, if the trend seems to be good for overall 
ecosystem. So, with that I think we should be able to definitely aim for 
Rs.750 crore cumulative plus in this year.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rohan Samant from Multi-
Act.  
Rohan Samant: 
So, connected to the earlier question, the quality assurance business 
that we have, will that also be opened up for competitive bidding going 
forward? 
 

 
 
Page 7 of 25 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes Rohan, the quality assurance business was already opened up in 
various areas in terms of state governments and other sectors. But yes, 
certain large part of it we were getting from railways also. But I think 
as I mentioned in my opening reply that in any case for quality 
assurance also, we have been giving a very good competitive offer. I 
don't think there should be a problem. With our experience and bench 
strength that we have across sectors for inspection whether it is 
product, services or civil engineering structures or whether it is rolling 
stock, I'm sure that our expertise also has an edge, so I don't see a 
problem even if sectors gradually opens up more and more to 
competitive bidding. 
Rohan Samant: 
So, I'm not very clear. When you say we will kind of have to look at it, 
is it open or is it not open like the rolling stock quality assurance that 
we are doing for railways, will that be opened up for private sector 
competition or no? 
Rahul Mithal:  
Why I'm saying is, we have to look at it, because it is for the client. It is 
for the Indian railways to see how it pans out the execution of these 
guidelines whether initially it is only for turnkey or it extends further to 
the QA inspection because till now the guideline, if you must have read, 
was with reference to the guideline of the 2019 guideline which was in 
any case referring to competitive bidding between the PSUs which was 
for primarily turnkey projects. Whether that intent of this new 
guidelines gets extended to inspection of rolling stock of railways also 
that as I said time will tell.  
Rohan Samant: 
Just if you could give the quality assurance number for Q2, that was my 
last question.  
Rahul Mithal: 
The total consultancy including the QA, the Q2 we had revenue of 
domestic was Rs.223 crore, abroad was at Rs.27 crore, so Rs.250 crore 

 
 
Page 8 of 25 
was the total revenue on this segment. The profit was Rs.109 crore. It 
had a margin of about 43%.  
Rohan Samant: 
Just if you could quantify the quality assurance number if possible. 
Rahul Mithal: 
You can send a mail; we'll have a look at that because normally we 
count consultancy which includes various kinds of consultancy 
including QA. If you want those further details, you can send a mail to 
my investor cell, you can send it there.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPL.  
Keshav Garg: 
Two quarters back we were told in the conference call that this year 
FY22 exports will be 1300 crore, last quarter we were told that it will 
be Rs.900 to 1000 crore. Now you are saying it will be Rs.750 cores. I 
think that as we go forward it doesn't reduce to below Rs.500 crore. 
Thank you and also wanted to just understand that now the recent 
order says that in all orders with a letter of award has not been signed 
will be cancelled. So, what is the quantum of the…? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I'm sorry I am again interrupting you, as we mentioned we'll take one 
question. I'm taking your question at the export. You can come back on 
the second question in the queue. As far as your first question on 
export is concerned, well… the outlook of Rs.1300 or Rs. 1100 which 
you were mentioning given in the past two conference calls and your 
estimation that hope that it doesn't fall below 500, I can only comment 
on what the situation is as of today. It is as of today the cumulative is 
Rs.340 odd crore. So, I can only assure you that don't worry… It will not 
fall below Rs.500 crore. We have had a review in the last 15-20 days 
with all the sourcing manufacturers from where we source the 
locomotives, coaches and the DMUs for export and the setback which 
was there in the Q1 because of which lockdowns and restrictions both 
in terms of manufacturing as well as exporting at the ports those have 

 
 
Page 9 of 25 
now opened up and Q2 as you see that’s why vis-à-vis Q1 the export 
has grown, its Rs.1 crore only in Q1 and Rs.340 odd crore revenue in 
Q2. That is why the setback was there vis-à-vis the earlier prediction, 
but I can only assure you that we are on track to getting at least Rs.750 
crore plus revenue from export in this FY.  
Keshav Garg: 
Coming to this letter of award cancellation. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Kindly come back on this question in a queue please.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Sanwal from an individual 
investor.  
Ankur Sanwal: 
I would like to know with such a big amount of cash we are having what 
we are planning to do with that. Just a piece of information regarding 
15thof July accident in Adani Port about the loco, was that loco of our 
company? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I will answer the first question. The first question is regarding cash. So, 
cash is yes, we have a healthy cash balance but now as you see we have 
declared the interim dividend which is also quite a healthy interim 
dividend which you must have seen. Yes, we are doing a cash 
management. The dividend is in line with the cash balance that we 
have, and we keep a track on the cash balance and see down the line 
in Q3-Q4 what the dividend is to be declared. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyansh Mehta from Equirus 
Securities.  
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Going forward how do you foresee FY22 panning out given that we'll 
be clocking around Rs.750 odd crore from exports and next balance will 
be roughly around the same amount which we might go for the FY22 
and assuming the other segments do a normalized business we are 

 
 
Page 10 of 25 
looking at all somewhat flattish in terms of top line. However, in terms 
of margins, we might be some squeeze, so is that the right way to look 
at it?  
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. I'm glad you got it right. What the trend of Q2 is showing and just 
the next one month will further reconfirm the trend. As I said sometime 
back that hopefully we don't get any other setbacks or in terms of wave 
or a restriction and if things touchwood remains the same then with 
this trend, Q3 should further consolidate on Q2. What we are aiming 
as is that try and reach the top line and bottom-line figures of ‘19-20 
levels. That is the target which we are aiming for. Yes, with more 
contribution of exports, the margins may see a little upward trend. We 
are aiming for that but yes you put it right. The aim is to at least reach 
the ‘19-20 level both in top line and bottom line.  
Shreyansh Mehta: 
My question was more pertaining towards the FY23 basically. So how 
do you foresee FY23 panning out? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I think FY23 would be a little too premature to predict right now. Let's 
aim for FY21-22, see how Q3-Q4 pans out and also the 2-3 things which 
were mentioned in the past few questions, both in terms of us getting 
more export orders, us leveraging on these competitive bidding, both 
for turnkey projects as well as consultancy and how it opens up in terms 
of QA and inspection, competitive bidding. We are working on all these 
fronts. We're looking for partnerships with peer groups to complement 
and supplement our strengths and resources to be more and more 
competitive. We are looking at cutting on costs, making the turnover 
and bottom-line top line per employee reach ‘19-20 levels even maybe 
better than that. As you must have seen the thrust for FY23 going 
forward in the next six months would be to make RITES future ready. 
That's the end goal. If we are able to consolidate and leverage on our 
strength, we would definitely see a healthy outlook for FY23. The 

 
 
Page 11 of 25 
bottom line of all our efforts in the next 4-5 months would be to make 
RITES future ready with the basic principle of not just more of the same 
but much more of the new. This is going to be the guiding principle of 
my vision for RITES to take it further forward and to answer your 
specific question of making a growth in FY23.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish from Fiducia Capital.  
Manish: 
My question is regarding the domestic consultancy business, where the 
company was talking about the Rs.329-330 then Rs.300 odd crore. 
Now, the numbers are like Rs.237-225 types and consulting business is 
such that meaning …. COVID obviously will have a bearing but then 
what we are hearing is like work from home and all these things. So, 
how soon can we hit back the old numbers given the fact that you 
already have a pretty healthy order book? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, you got it right in your figures but just a slight correction. Even the 
best figures in FY19-20, if you see the domestic consultancy which 
included QA was Rs.999 crore or Rs.1000 crore… so, which makes an 
average of roughly about Rs.250 odd crore. I'm not saying that this is 
the best we can achieve. I'm sure we can do better. Considering Rs.250 
crore, Q2 we have done Rs.223 crore, Q1 was a slight set back with only 
Rs.184 crore. So, cumulative for this H1 we’ve reached already Rs.407 
crore which is on track for considering that now things are opening up. 
I see a healthy order book in consultancy, domestic as well as 
international. So, I think we are on track. I'm quite sure that we will be 
able to reach a figure of Rs.1000 odd crore in domestic consultancy in 
this FY and yes for sure, there is a scope to bring it further up. No two 
questions about that.  
Manish: 
Looking forward to that under your leadership.  

 
 
Page 12 of 25 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arafat Saiyad from Reliance 
Securities.  
Arafat Saiyad: 
My first question is on opportunity in Railway, if we look at the railway 
CAPEX is significantly happened in the past 2 years, and this will 
continue. So, I just want to know what’s the take on railway CAPEX 
going in especially metro also and where you fit in that bid? 
Rahul Mithal: 
A very important point. In fact, there are the national infrastructure 
plan, the national rail plan, and the national monetization plan, all 
three for which the railways have a major share in the projected plan. 
In all three we have a very major stake going forward. In fact, for 
national rail plan the report was made by RITES and now to take it 
further for its implementation, we are working on that. You've seen the 
latest national monetization plan which has been announced by the 
government. We are looking at a lot of opportunities to be a partner 
with the railways and other stakeholders in monetization of assets. So 
interesting times ahead and with the ecosystem stabilizing, all these 
opportunities both in terms of the CAPEX spend by the railways as well 
as the monetization plan by the railways, we see ourselves very aptly 
placed to leverage and capitalize on these opportunities.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
Investments.  
Parimal Mithani: 
I just wanted to know, since the circular regarding the competitive 
bidding, you have a subsidiary called REMC Limited, does it have any 
bearing on that subsidiary in terms of going ahead or is to too 
premature to say anything about it?  
Rahul Mithal: 
I think it's a little premature because REMCL has a different function. 
REMCL is procuring power for railways traction and railways use and 
that it was formed with that purpose. Now it has got a very major role 

 
 
Page 13 of 25 
of working on the renewable energy front. This is becoming a very 
important area for the government and REMCL is working on various 
renewable initiatives in partnership with the railway. It's a joint venture 
between RITES and the Indian Railways. It's a joint effort between RITES 
and Indian Railways. It’s a different area of activity. 
Parimal Mithani: 
If I can just have follow-up on the same question itself … in terms of 
circular, since the competitive bidding is gone among the PSUs… if 
there's any guidelines in terms of how the bidding will happen and what 
are the parameters, if you are aware of it? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Not to my knowledge till now.  
Parimal Mithani: 
If you can share post the company has _______ so it’s better about 
understanding the business.  
Rahul Mithal: 
Sorry, I didn’t get you. 
Parimal Mithani: 
It will be much better once you get the guidelines clear because as far 
as what we have understood is that L1 bidding is almost gone, and it 
will be on the performance as well as key technical also.  
Rahul Mithal: 
So, any further clarification which comes, subsequent to this circular, 
we'll definitely share it with our investor. As of now the circular which 
has come stands, as of now any further clarifications or any further 
detailed modalities of how it pans out … we'll definitely share it with 
our investors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Venkatesh from LogicTree Capital.  
Venkatesh: 
My question is on the current order book and the future. If we get back 
to the FY20 levels this year and our current order book is Rs.6400 crore, 
what is the execution timeframe for this by which these orders will get 
completed? If we have to maintain the current run rate, are we 

 
 
Page 14 of 25 
confident of adding another Rs.2500 or Rs.3000 crore orders for FY ‘23 
or FY‘24?  
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. So, presuming and hoping and that we are aiming for to come back 
to the FY20 levels with an order book of about Rs.6400 crore, makes it 
about to roughly a2.5 years in the pipeline. But yes, we have to aim for, 
as I mentioned about two questions back, that FY23 has to be 
consolidating and building up on this FY20 levels of top line and bottom 
line. Obviously this Rs.6400 crore, which is as the current levels of FY20 
is 2.5 years, but I would like to suppress it too much lesser timeframe. 
That would only be possible by getting some more orders and that in 
terms of 2-3 areas where we definitely need to get more orders and 
we're working on it. One is exports which we are aiming to get some 
more orders in the next few months, so that the pipeline doesn't dry 
up as well as getting more orders both in the consultancy wing as well 
as turnkey with a balance between the two to get a balance between 
the top line and bottom line. So yes, the current order book to put in a 
nutshell aims for about roughly 2-2.5 years but then aiming for a bigger 
growth in FY23 and aiming therefore to get some more orders in the 
next 6 to 8 months. 
Venkatesh: 
Just to follow up on the order book. So, you talked about the national 
rail pipeline prepared by RITES and there is Rs.11 lakh crore CAPEX plan. 
So, RITES also has the—as I understand—the ability to book beyond 
railways, service even airports and other infrastructure projects. The 
size of the opportunity is huge. What would be the kind of vision that 
you may have for the next 3 to 5 years for this company in terms of top 
line. In the previous interactions with the RITES Management. It’s fair 
to expect growth in upwards of 20%-24% over a period of time. Since 
you've joined in new, is there a vision that you think you can give us, a 
3- or 5-year type. 

 
 
Page 15 of 25 
Rahul Mithal: 
Very interestingly in a month that I have joined, I have realized that, 
and you said that RITES is basically doing railways and it has the ability 
to do airports and ports. In fact, that I would slightly like to correct that, 
and this is what I've realized more so in the last 1 month. In last 47 years 
of existence there is no activity or maybe no city or state in India or a 
number of countries about 55 odd countries internationally where 
RITES is not operated upon. Whether you talk of ports, highways, 
airports, waterways, building, bridges, metros, we recently did the 
Mauritius Metro, smart cities. The bench strength here is tremendous 
and railway business, yes, it is a very important part but that's only part 
of the activity, we have been doing and I want to leverage it further. 
With that bench strength available and the diverse skills available I 
would be looking forward for one key point which I mentioned 
sometime back and i.e., to make RITES future ready and not just more 
of the same but much more of the new. By that, what I mean is that 
looking at and capitalizing and leveraging on all possible domestic and 
international opportunities, complementing the strength which I have 
in-house with partnerships with the best in class across sectors, 
whether it is consultancies, EPCs, engineering consultancies or 
inspection firms. With that I see the appreciable growth happening in 
the next 3 to 5 years. I wouldn’t want to restrict myself right now to 
giving some numbers. I can only say that the scope is enormous and 
gradually over a period of time I would like to zero it down to more 
numbers, year wise as the growth for next 3 to 5 years but I see 
appreciable growth for RITES in the next coming 3 to 5 years.  
 
Venkatesh: 
Great. We love your confidence and optimism and perhaps a humble 
suggestion is instead of RITES we should rename the company as ITES, 
so that we don't restrict ourselves to railway. 

 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Rahul Mithal: 
In fact, that's a very good suggestion. In fact, if people who've been 
following RITES for many years, they would know that this used to be 
called Rail India Technical and Economic Services when this company 
was formed in 1974 but I think many years back it has got rechristened 
as RITES. So, RITES is the brand name now and Railways is a very 
important part as I said but we don't call ourselves Rail India Technical 
and Economic Services, we call ourselves RITES. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Goel from Mirabilis 
Investment. 
Nitin Goel: 
I think previous participant also discussed on this, so the consultancy 
order book that we are getting…. so last quarter you had mentioned 
some 6-7 metro projects that were out for a bid, and we had bid for all 
of those. So, any update on that, that is one. Then a follow up on that 
again like apart from this the railway portion …. how has been the 
ordering in on the roadway side, airports, and ports side? 
Rahul Mithal: 
In terms of metros and roadways both, metros we have been working 
on 2-3 places. I think we are doing an Ahmedabad, Nagpur & Pune we 
are all doing that. In metros lot of opportunities are coming up also 
further in other states in India. And also, internationally are doing- 
Mauritius, we hoping to get some more work there. Metro is an area 
where orders are fructifying. We are also participating in bidding for 
upcoming metros in many states. As far as the turnkey orders coming 
from railways yes, they are coming. They have been already fructifying 
and getting translated into work across the zonal railways. Both in 
terms of the turnkey and highways and metros, orders have matured, 
and we also have some orders which will further get finalized in the Q3. 
The order book is likely to expand at the end of Q3-Q4.  

 
 
Page 17 of 25 
Nitin Goel: 
But, despite all of this we are in the projecting range for consultancy 
still in the Rs.1000 crore range, so how do we see this going ahead, is 
there any number that you would like to give around it.  
Rahul Mithal: 
As I mentioned sometime back, consultancy Rs.1000 crore was the best 
domestic consultancy FY 19-20. So, as I said, we would aim to reach 
that figure in FY21-22 and taking forward, definitely FY23 would like to 
grow on that.  
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis 
Securities.  
Uttam Kumar Srimal: My question pertains to turnkey. During the H1, we have done revenue 
of Rs.205 crore and currently we have order book of around Rs.2764 
cores, so what kind of revenue we are looking at H2FY22 and FY23 and 
the margin for the business? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Turnkey as you see both Q1-Q2 combined as you correctly said about 
Rs.205 crore has been slightly suppressed vis-à-vis the FY20-21 figures 
as well as the FY19-20 figures. That's primarily because most of the 
turnkey works, the phase one of that the revenue realization had 
happened in FY20-21. The work has started all across the recently 
secured projects and the revenue realization in turnkey will start 
coming in by end of Q3 and stabilizing by Q4. I see the turnkey revenue 
to start stabilizing by Q4 and we have a healthy order book of about 
Rs.2700 odd crore in turnkey which should now only grow every 
quarter wise because as these works progress and revenue starts 
getting realized, the revenue realization in turnkey will improve on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis. As far as margins are concerned, margins 
have again in turnkey been slightly low because since the revenue 
realization has been low and certain fixed costs keep getting incurred 
in turnkey… so, it obviously impacts the margins. It has come down to 

 
 
Page 18 of 25 
about 1.8 odd %but normally we aim for margins in the range of 2% to 
3% in turnkey and going forward as the revenue realization improves, 
definitely these margins will look up. Both in terms of top line and 
bottom line in turnkey, I see a quarter-to-quarter improvement going 
forward.  
Uttam Kumar Srimal: We do see turnkey revenue getting to Rs.600-700 crore this year what 
we had done in FY20 and FY21? 
Rahul Mithal: 
We are aiming for that. Yes, we are already about Rs.205 crore. It will 
pick up in the latter part of Q3 and stabilize in Q4. While we would be 
aiming for that but yes it will be a tough call reaching Rs.600 crore but 
let's see how Q3 pans out. As I said if next one month, we don't have a 
setback then we should be able to try and get more turnkey revenue. 
Uttam Kumar Srimal: For the CAPEX for resale in H2? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Thank You. The next questions please.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital.  
Vishal Periwal: 
A couple of weeks back there was media reports that Braithwaite has 
to be taken over by RITES. If you can give a little color in terms of what 
are the synergy benefit, I mean that will be there for RITES in terms of 
what exactly Braithwaite is doing? Second where exactly we are in the 
whole process, any due diligence started or any color that you can 
provide that will be helpful? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Vishal I would not like to comment on media reports. Only when we 
get some official communication regarding this issue, we'll share it with 
you. I hope you got that.  
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Parimal Mithani from 
Credential Investments.  

 
 
Page 19 of 25 
Parimal Mithani: 
What I recall from your previous con-call, now you mentioned turnkey 
was taken because you had the bench strength of doing turnkey 
projects. With this competitive bidding going on how do you see that 
business in terms of the rail side of the government? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, as I mentioned, I take this circular and these guidelines issued as an 
opportunity because even after the 2019 circular, the turnkey projects 
of railways, we were getting on a bidding basis. It was not on a 
nomination basis. We were getting it on a bidding basis among the 
railway PSU. Now, only thing is that if it opens up further and with our 
costing and we just need to be more alert on this and I'm sure we'd be 
able to get more turnkey projects because besides railways, we've also 
been getting turnkey projects from government and other PSUs. I'm 
sure that we will continue to do that. So, turnkey, I don't see as I said 
as a setback. I see it as an opportunity because of us being competitive. 
I take this as an opportunity to take the turnkey segment further. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum 
Advisors.  
Lokesh Manik: 
My question is mainly regarding the consultancy order book. What I 
have been observing that since the past 13 quarters, we've been 
averaging a new order addition of about Rs.250 crore, plus minus Rs.50 
crore. So, what is holding back the growth in this area of the business?  
Rahul Mithal: 
So, I won't say anything is holding back per se. The consultancy was 
primarily in Q1, there was lesser orders received because there was a 
general slowdown but Q2  orders have been coming up in consultancy 
whether it is the QA element of consultancy or whether the other 
consultancy and I foresee that the orders and the opportunities which 
I have reviewed in the last one month after joining regarding the 
opportunities available in consultancy, both in domestic and 

 
 
Page 20 of 25 
internationally, I foresee more orders coming up for sure. Yes, there 
has been the trend which you are saying but I think we're looking to 
make this grow further, especially after about the Q3-Q4 as things open 
up and even internationally, we are now seeing a lot of opportunities 
opening up as travel has opened up. We are getting feelers and leads 
for international consultancy in the number of countries which I think 
our teams have now started traveling also and interacting in the last 
15-20 days. We foresee that to open up and stabilize by Q4 
internationally also.  
Lokesh Manik: 
I do appreciate the impact faced on the business due to COVID since 
the last year, but the trend was coming down pre-COVID, so that was 
my one concern. Secondly, for these incremental opportunities that 
you are seeing. Are you foreseeing any competitive pressure for these 
projects in consultancy that you plan to acquire?  
Rahul Mithal: 
Not at all. In fact, I as I mentioned that I would look at tapping all 
opportunities with the bench strength that I have across sectors. As I 
mentioned some time back, any sector which you can think of whether 
it is environment or ESG or renewable energy or smart cities, we have 
tremendous bench strength here and whichever element of this 
resource which we do not have, I'll be complementing that with 
partnerships across the sectors with the best in class in that group. We 
would build partnership for a number of upcoming consultancy 
opportunities.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus 
Securities.  
Jainam Shah: 
My question pertains to the CAPEX. So, we have planned around some 
locomotive CAPEX, some office building CAPEX and some for the 

 
 
Page 21 of 25 
REMCL and for ISRDC, what exactly our CAPEX amount we are 
envisaging for FY22 and for balance 2 years, FY23 and FY24? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, our CAPEX target for this year is Rs.100 crore. We've done about 
Rs.69 crore in the last 6 months and I think we are on track. We are 
quite sure that we'll be able to reach that. We have plans in pipeline to 
reach Rs.100 crore. We've been doing CAPEX, if you see the last year 
also was Rs.80 crore and the FY19-20 was also about Rs.66 crore. CAPEX 
has been in the range of about Rs.80 to Rs.100 crore and for FY23, while 
we are still at the drawing board to draw out plans for that. But we 
would remain in that, I think it's a little early, but we would work out 
more details and maybe by end of Q3 we would be able to draft out the 
predictions more finitely for CAPEX for FY23.  
Jainam Shah: 
As you said earlier there has been some CAPEX of office building. 
Moderator: 
Participants we've lost the line for the current participant. We take the 
next question from the line of Venkatesh from LogicTree Capital.  
Venkatesh: 
Just a question on your key strengths and people skills, broadly in the 
world that we are living in terms of infrastructure there's a lot of 
technology at play. There are probably apps to deal with how 
infrastructure projects are getting executed etc. Where is RITES on this 
technology value chain? Do we have the kind of strengths that are 
important to execute, plan, design projects of critical importance and 
do you spend money on R&D software etc.? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Subject which you touched is very close to my heart. In fact, as I 
mentioned my vision is future ready. What I see is that RITES has a good 
IT base. It has a lot of applications in-house; it has also been working in 
partnership and doing IT work for other PSUs. But, I have a very big soft 
corner for IT area, IT related works and using it for applications not only 
for in-house efficiency but also taking on IT works in a big way in 

 
 
Page 22 of 25 
partnership with other IT companies, the best in class, in the group of 
IT companies. I see the opportunities I want to capitalize and leverage 
on opportunities in the IT sector, both for improved in-house efficiency 
whether it is in terms of project monitoring, whether it is in terms of 
employee productivity and also partnering with the best in class to take 
on IT consultancy projects, IT turnkey projects. This is one area which 
is definitely going to see work in the coming months and the coming 
years by RITES.  
Venkatesh: 
I think IT consulting for infrastructure is what you put it in the right 
words, and you would be open to recruiting or adding team members 
from the market because IT guys obviously are expensive in India and, 
but RITES will go for talent from the market if required.  
Rahul Mithal: 
I am open for any resource which translates into a bottom line. That 
resource whether it comes from employing full-time, employing on a 
project base, employing on a contract, or partnering with someone on 
a specific case or a specific project or a specific area of activity, each of 
these options will be explored and depending on what it gives me in 
the bottom line would be executed on a case-to-case basis.  
Venkatesh: 
Great sir, will follow up with you otherwise on IT consulting. It's also 
very dear to my heart. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Samant from MultiAct. 
Rohan Samant: 
So, with respect to the IRSDC JV, there was this news regarding …there 
is a possibility of a government shutting that JV down. So, we have 
around Rs.48 crore investment in that JV. So, what happens to that 
investment?  
Rahul Mithal: 
It's not just a possibility, the instructions have already come in writing 
for closure of IRSDC and we have 24% share in that. The modalities have 

 
 
Page 23 of 25 
already been started. The three promoters of IRSDC that is RLDA, 
IRCON and RITES, we've had meetings of the board of IRSDC. So going 
forward it will be based on the evaluation and as the three promoters 
decide in the subsequent board meeting how to and what will we be 
the impact and the valuation of the assets and liabilities. The picture 
will become clearer in the coming months, and we will definitely share 
it with our investors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPL. 
Keshav Garg: 
In FY19, we did a Rs. 1074 crore consultancy income domestic and this 
year we are expecting it to be Rs.1000 crore and our export order book 
is flat for 5 years and our cash balance is constantly declining, and our 
other income is also collapsing. All this was when there was no private 
competition. We could not even keep abreast with inflation. Now with 
private sector competition coming in, things look really dark. What do 
you have to say about that? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Well, that’s your perception. I can only say that if you have been 
hearing my specific comments on each of these areas, I would only 
request that it was a sweeping comment, and I would not like to 
subscribe to that. The figures and the performance of quarter-by-
quarter except for the last year, where there has been an overall 
setback, have been encouraging and I can only assure you that we are 
looking to leverage on each of the four segments and the results of 
coming quarters may assure you, that things are in inverted commas 
“dark” to use your words as you paint that out to be. Maybe the last 
question after this. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen we take the last question from the line of Chintan 
Sheth from Sameeksha Capital.  

 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Chintan Sheth: 
One question on the Rs.4000 crore new line projects which we secured 
in Q2 is not part of our order book as mentioned in the presentation. Is 
this kind of go back to bidding or something, because of the new order 
come or its part of our order book and gets reflected in Q3 once 
finalization happens? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Chintan, this Rs.4000 crore is work in progress in the sense that the 
Rs.6400 crore order book which we have mentioned, this does not 
include this Rs.4000 crore which came in recently in the last few 
months and finalizing all the modalities of this, especially more so with 
this circular also coming. So, we are working on it and as soon as it 
concretizes which it should normally, I don't foresee any problem, we 
will add this to the order book. But in terms of all the papers and 
agreements and the work getting signed and things like that, only then 
we would add it to the order book. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Thank you all for very interesting questions and touching all the areas 
of activity which we do and which we plan to do and as I mentioned 
that the Q2 has been encouraging, the last one month of Q3 also has 
been showing a positive trend and with this trend I am sure that we will 
continue to grow and capitalize on this growth trend which we are 
seeing and to again reiterate, my vision for RITES  in the coming years, 
I see that I capitalize and use my in-house bench strength, partner with 
the best in class to complement my bench strength wherever I feel that 
there is a gap and to make RITES future ready with the cutting edge 
that it is required in today's time and the bottom line which will guide 
every decision, every activity, every decision, every strategic move of 

 
 
Page 25 of 25 
ours would be the bottom line that would be, “not just more of the 
same but much more of the new”. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you all for being a part of 
the conference call. If you need any further information or a 
clarification, please mail at animesh.lodiya@rites.com. Ladies and 
gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. Thank you 
for using Chorus Call conferencing services. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you and have a pleasant day.  
-End- 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Statements in this transcript 
describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward looking statements" within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions 
affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, changes 
in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
 
 
 
