 
 
        
November 16, 2021                             
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code : ELGIEQUIP 
Scrip Code : 522074 
 
Through : NEAPS 
Through : BSE Listing Centre 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Intimation of transcript of the Analyst/Investors conference call 
ln continuation to our letter dated November 2, 2021 regarding intimation of Q2 FY2021-22 Earnings 
conference call, please find enclosed the transcript of the analyst conference call held on November 
12, 2021. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the Company’s website viz., www.elgi.com. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Elgi Equipments Limited 
 
S Prakash 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Elgi Equipments 
Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. KAMLESH KOTAK - ASIAN MARKET SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIRAM VARADARAJ - MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ELGI EQUIPMENTS 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
of Elgi Equipments hosted by Asian Market Securities Limited. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not 
the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. Actual results may differ from such expectations, projections etc., whether 
expressed or implied. Participants are requested to exercise caution while referring to such 
statements and remarks. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamlesh Kotak from Asian Market Securities. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Thanks Jacob. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Asian Markets, we welcome you all to 
the Q2 FY2022 earnings conference call of Elgi Equipments Limited. We have with us 
today Mr. Jairam Varadaraj, Managing Director of the company. I request Mr. Jairam to 
take us through an overview of the quarterly and half yearly results and then we shall begin 
the Q&A session. Over to you Sir. Thank you. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Thank you very much Kamlesh. Good evening ladies and gentlemen, it is my pleasure to be 
with you this evening and I thank you for the time that you have taken to be with us. I hope 
that all of you and your families are safe and well and continue to and I wish that we 
continue to remain so. First of all I would like to apologize for a delayed presentation of our 
analyst call. We normally do it the day after but there were other board commitments that 
kind of kept me away from it, but we will make sure that next time onwards that we do this 
call the day after the board meeting, so I apologize. So as is our normal practice, I will look 
at the numbers and try to give you an explanation or a reconciliation with the quarter for 
this year compared to the quarter of the previous year. 
 
As you can see we had a significant growth in the topline from 480 Crores we did 652 
Crores, a pretty impressive growth. I will come back and talk about the constituents of it. 
However, the profitability was not as good as it should have been. We lost close to about 
3.5% on contribution because our raw material cost increases and this is something that was 
a big challenge for us. As you may know, all the commodity prices started escalating from 
December of 2020 onwards and they started becoming quite frequent and violent starting 
from March and every time we tried to respond with a price increase, the next week or the 
week later there was another cost increase, so it is just in a B2B capital goods business it is 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 3 of 18 
very difficult to have a highly responsive and agile price response to cost increases, so there 
is normally a quarter lag in most cases not only in India, but also all over the world. So we 
have done close to four to five price increases since December of last year, but we were 
constantly only catching up, we were not getting ahead of the game and that had a 
significant impact in this quarter. That combined with phenomenal I mean it is 
unprecedented like if there was any of ever a president of freight costs not only internal 
freight but also more importantly ocean freight combined with lack of containers, delayed 
shipments so it was chaotic and as far as shipping is concerned, it continues to remain 
chaotic, but commodity prices seem to have taken a pause. We are keeping our fingers 
crossed but we are also looking at agile models by which we can be responsive so I expect 
that the next quarter will be better, we will come back and talk about. So that was a 
significant impact on our profitability in this quarter compared to last year's same quarter. 
When you look at profitability between these two periods, last year we had close to about 
Rs.8 odd Crores as a subsidy from Australia and US, which was not there this year. If you 
can remember, we qualified for the paycheck protection program in the U.S and the job 
keepers program in Australia all told I think we have got close to about $3 million as a 
contribution, that is zero this year. So that has been an impact this quarter as well and of 
course normal increase in fixed cost for instance contract labor which is clubbed into the 
fixed cost surely by virtue of volume, I mean we have more activity so the security, our 
canteen, material movement all this had to be beefed up so that is part of the increase. So 
nothing alarming there it is normal thing and of course we had to increase salaries because 
we had frozen salaries for almost a year so these are the reasons, but overall even deducting 
for all of these the profit numbers are better than a year, but profitability could have been a 
far better than what it actually is I mean so this is really on the reconciliation of our Q2 
performance compared to last year. So stepping back, if I look at the business, as always I 
will start from Australia. 
 
Australia was a big challenge for us if you remember last year Australia was one of our 
small champion which really delivered very strong numbers, continued to deliver even 
through the COVID period, but this year around they had multiple lockdowns in Melbourne 
and Sydney that had a significant impact over and above that we also had a big project order 
that got deferred by virtue of all these circumstances so that is something that impacted our 
revenue performance in Australia not only this quarter but the prior quarter as well. South 
East Asia all of all those countries had serious COVID challenges and the economic 
activities were quite low so they in any case these countries contribute a very small 
percentage to our revenue but nevertheless there was an impact there and coming to the 
hero of the day India, it has been a phenomenal performance for us across all product 
verticals. Over and above it is not driven by a lot of people think that this performance has 
been driven by oxygen, compressor supplied for oxygen, generators that is not the case, yes 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 4 of 18 
we did have some business with oxygen generators in the second quarter just like we had in 
the first quarter, nothing exceptional, but the real performance, the results of India actually 
has come from very strong economic activity as well as our presence in the market in 
various segments so it has been a very positive run for us in India. 
 
Moving on to Middle East, Middle East has done better than the previous year, but still not 
come out of the shadow of COVID. We continue to have a positive expectation for Middle 
East in the future. Europe has done very well both on the portable side as well as on the 
industrial side. As you know Europe is as strategic initiative for us. We committed to 
spending close to €20 million as a strategic investment through losses for building is an 
organic growth model that we are doing and it has done well. The growth has been far in 
excess of what we had planned and so that is a very positive contribution in the second 
quarter. US has done well, but the industrials had some serious challenges, availability of 
product, freight so there were some challenges but the order intake and the interest in the 
demand is still very strong so we are working very hard to overcome the shipping problems 
and product availability which I believe we will sort it out sooner than later. Brazil has been 
also a very strong player during this period, has done exceedingly well so all told if you 
look at it geographically, all of the markets except Australia have done exceedingly well. 
 
Now the first question considering the kind of cost volatility and the corresponding price 
revisions that would have happened like I said we have done it four or five times what is 
really the growth from price and what is the growth from volume, so if you look at our 
India story and for the whole of the first half I do not want to talk about the quarter for the 
whole of the first half we have grown close to 85%. If you look at first half of this year 
compared to the first half of last year and prices of that only 8% is price and probably 
around a small percentage is O2. The bulk of the growth has come from actual volume so 
which is a very positive thing. Now if I look at internationally, outside of India most of the 
instances it has been volume growth because a lot of the price increases did not happen for 
bulk of the H1 it happened towards the end of H1 so you will see the results of it in the 
second half and the first half by and large international did not have major price increase, 
most of it has been volume growth so again it is a the quality of this growth has been good 
it is not an inflation driven growth that one would kind of expect. The other thing that I 
would like to focus on and give you a little bit of an update is on our Europe project. Like I 
said, we had planned to invest close to €20 million close to about Rs.200 Crores or Rs.170 
Crores – Rs.180 Crores and we are continuing down that path. The losses are a lot lower 
than we had planned and the revenue is a lot higher than we had planned so on both sides 
we are doing well and the loss reduction obviously partly because of higher than planned 
revenue, but also because of lower than planned cost so the Europe project is going along 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 5 of 18 
nicely and it is a very strong kind of we were on a strong footing there and we will continue 
to focus and drive that.  
 
As far as the mix is concerned if you look at just the compressor business I am taking ATS 
out. I will come and talk a little bit about the ATS business. The compressor business for 
the second quarter in the compressor business India contributed 55% as opposed to 50% in 
the first quarter and of course last year's second quarter was also roughly around 50% so 
India has contributed 5% more, but part of it is also not just India demand, a small part of it 
is because of that but the other thing is we prioritize the sale of compressors for oxygen 
generators and therefore India got a good share of the production capacity. Shipping delays, 
shipping dislocations affected many of the revenue bookings in markets like Europe and in 
the U.S. We have not lost orders or we do not have cancellation, but the fact is during this 
period we could not make the booking. So the reason I am highlighting that is to say that 
our strategic plan to build and grow the rest of the world business continues to remain very 
strongly on track in spite of a huge growth in India, so that is a clear indication of how 
strong and robust our presence in international markets are. 
 
Coming to our capex, our plan was to spend about close to about 50 Crores, we will 
probably as of now the visibility is around Rs.35 Crores so nothing significant to talk about, 
there is no major impact here. If you look at the net debt position it is slightly worsened to 
the extent of about Rs.2 Crores compared to end of Q1 of this year and that is primarily 
because we had to build stock due to freight issues, freight delays we deliberately inflated 
our stocking of both raw material at the factory as well as finished goods in various 
locations, but this has smartly come down in October so I am expecting Q3 to be a very 
solid quarter as far as cash flow is concerned and we are generating month-on-month we are 
positive on our cash flow so which is a good thing. So our net debt right now it was Rs.93 
Crores end of Q1 now we are at 95 Crores so nothing significant there. Looking forward 
into Q3 what we are seeing is the buoyancy, robustness, optimism that we saw in Q1 and 
Q2 is slightly diminishing. There is a bit of a dullness to the scene I would not press the 
panic button it is not that bad, but we can see certain perceptions of delays, shifting of 
finalization and all that marginal so we expect the topline probably for the second quarter to 
be lower to the extent of 5% to 10% of the topline of the second quarter, but we expect the 
profitability of the third quarter to be far better so the improved profitability margin levels 
should more than compensate for this marginal loss in topline that we are anticipating this is 
an anticipation we are not sure we are just looking at signals and providing a certain 
guidance. So this is really what I wanted to share with you and again thank you very much 
for the opportunity and I will be happy to answer your questions. Thank you. 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Hi good evening and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir my first question is with 
respect to the demand you had mentioned that we are seeing robust demand in India so if 
you could touch upon the top three to five sectors which are driving the growth for this 
demand so basically if you look at a two-year first-half CAGR basis I mean we have grown 
at 30% just like over one year you have grown 80%. On two-year basis you would have 
grown 30% so assuming 8% to 10% of price hike so on absolute basis 20%, volume growth 
has been there over the two-year basis so if you could touch upon the sectors that are 
driving this? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
We have not seen any one sector that was spiking like it did during the first wave of the 
COVID where food and pharma where in the first quarter of that first wave. Food and 
pharma and chemicals were really going up one and subsequently it settled into a rhythm 
where just about every industry vertical was investing and we are continuing to see the 
same thing I cannot call out any one sector as standing out significantly from us. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay and apart from this infra demand is also kind of robust or is it like on par? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So like I said all our verticals are doing well so our construction, mining which is dependent 
on the infrastructure business has also done well so investments maybe made by the 
government on infrastructure projects obviously are trickling down in a lot of the 
contractors creating capacity. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
With respect to the oxygen concentrator how much of the revenue it would have been in 
Q2? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I do not want to give specific numbers because eventually competitors are also listening in 
on this transcripts Ravi but I want to say it is not a very big number. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Bhavin Mitlani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations. I have a few questions so maybe to start 
with last quarter you had mentioned about the newer introduction of products and this is 
specially to bridge our gap, any update on that will be useful because you mentioned that is 
has taken market share for 7-8 years? 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I am sorry, I am not able to recollect the specific thing that you are talking about. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Okay so I was actually talking about the water well drilling compressors? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
The response to our product has been outstanding right but the market has been very dull. It 
still has not picked up but whatever market is there right now, I would say if you looked at 
the on the OE sides these are the rig manufacturers who buy the compressor and send them 
out to Africa and that OE business we have close to 75%-80% of the market. We are very 
strong there. As far as individual drillers and contractors are concerned in India the market 
is very low but whatever is being sold we have close to now 30% market share from almost 
nothing right so we are growing nicely, but I would not break open the champagne yet 
because the numbers have not picked up yet. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
I appreciate it. Second is on the oil free in the analyst meet you had showcased a few new 
products how has been the response and what could be the growth in the oil free and our 
market share in that segment? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
The oil-free products that we have added this one is our water-injected product that we 
launched about two years ago or almost three years ago now got very good traction in India 
and we are beginning to see traction for these products for this particular technology 
happening all over the world right and we are beginning to sell reasonable quantities, you 
cannot compare it quantity wise to oil lubricated machine, but considering the market for oil 
free itself is significantly lower than then oil lubricated and the fact that we are such a late 
player in that market and the fact that Atlas has such a dominant presence the fact that we 
are beginning to sell these machines in pretty significant countries in Europe and in 
America, in Australia, and in South East Asia is a evidence of traction we are gaining there. 
Now the conventional oil-free machine yes again we are selling a little bit here in these 
markets but our big presence is in India we are growing our share, but I cannot tell you 
specifically what is the share that we are because unfortunately we do not know the market 
numbers we can only make estimates of what our share is. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Appreciate that the other one was in the previous earnings call you had highlighted the 
moto factory had certain bottlenecks in terms of one large machine have we been able to 
resolve that and how are we doing? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
No so like I said in the last meeting when I brought this issue up I also said that we had set 
up processes where we can deliver the planned volumes irrespective of the availability of 
that machine right so which we have done very successfully we are doing close to about 
300 motors a month out of that plant and it is operating significantly above breakeven and it 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 8 of 18 
is good and the quality, the performance in the market has been outstanding compared to 
the other two suppliers that we currently use for motors. Now on the machinery supplier we 
had to invoke their bank guarantee which we did in the second quarter and we have started 
the conversation with other vendors and we hope that the new machine for to replace I 
mean as a substitute machine should come into place by the second quarter of next year. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Sure understood just last question from my side which is continuation of what Ravi asked, 
automotive is a significant contributor to the demand and that market is not doing as well so 
simultaneously infrastructure, road construction activity was not at a healthy point because 
COVID related disruptions were there and in light of that our performance that we see is 
exemplary so just want to understand if you could give more flavor of which are the sectors 
that are actually driven, is it textiles, is it cement, steel, so some color would be more 
useful? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I do not have this the numbers but pertaining to specific industries in front of me Bhavin but 
like I told responded to Ravi that there is no one industry that kind of stands up in the 
limelight for us right where you are talking, automotive ancillaries tier 1, tier 2 and tier 3, 
we have supplied to them as well right so this transient kind of a challenge for the 
automotive industry because of chip availability has not really stopped the capacity build 
that people are talking about now when I ask around with various people in terms of what is 
really driving this kind of a growth because we are in the capital goods business and when 
customers buy a product it means they are increasing capacity so we wanted to understand 
what is driving, right, is there some expectation based investment which could be very 
dangerous because then it could be like the times in the past when there was expectation 
based investment and then it just tanked and it tanked very abruptly right but what we are 
hearing is that people are saying that for quite a few years capacity build up in this country 
was very sober right and as a consequence a lot of them are beginning to hit that 70%-80% 
utilization of the capacities and they are saying yes my existing capacity is coming to full 
utilization. Yes there is a positive outlook in the economy, yes COVID is going to become 
an epidemic and then it will go away and yes China plus one strategy which is already 
reflecting in buoyant demand for certain simpler industry verticals will start coming in and 
pervade into other industries and therefore we are looking at building capacity so this is 
happening across all it is not with respect to just one. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Sure that is very helpful thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Manish Goyal from Enam Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Manish Goyal: 
Thank you so much and congratulations for excellent number Sir it is quite interesting. It is 
like just looking at the standalone number so what we have seen is that the material cost on 
Y-o-Y basis has almost increased by 5% points, but your EBITDA margin is steady at 16% 
plus partly due to operating usage but would also like to know that has the revenue mix 
change also helped a lot in terms of higher after market and higher exports just trying to get 
a sense and what also it implies is that the price hikes which we have taken has been fully 
absorbed by the market so just want to get a color on this? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So to answer the first question the mix change has not been significant Manish, the only 
thing that hit us badly was I mean and like I said the numbers are small like oxygen 
compressors. We had a contract to supply with DRDO supply to both L&T and Tata at a 
certain price and the steel prices went crazy in the middle of that contract right and there 
was no provision for us to go and ask for a revision in our price right so those are the kinds 
of sectoral things that impacted other than that other normal verticals there has been no big 
change in the structure right from last year's quarter to this year's quarter. The same thing I 
would say in terms of domestic sales and sales to subsidiary right I would say by and large 
it remains the same so it is not the structure related shifts that have caused this loss in 
margin it is purely because of we just did not pass on the thing fast enough right and we just 
could not right we did a price correction in one week. Next week there was another cost 
increase right so we went through that period it was a very volatile period so other than that 
I do not see it and as far as your second question, sorry I missed that. 
Manish Goyal: 
It was just on the price hikes what we have taken? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So if you look at our business we are not like the project business where we quote and it 
takes a long time to finalize and then we have get into a long execution cycle it is not like 
that. We are capital goods, but I would say low-grade capital goods where the cycles are 
pretty short so all the prices have been absorbed into the market there is absolutely no issue 
there right internationally there has been no problem. 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay and are we looking for any further price hikes or like at the moment we going forward 
that the benefit of the full price hikes would get reflected in Q3? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Well if there is not going to be any further commodity price increases, we have fully 
absorbed those and priced it into our products right so therefore we should see the recovery 
back to where we were before right, but if something violent were to happen then we will 
be back into the same ground. 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Manish Goyal: 
Okay so ideally the sense is that with 15%-16% price hike what we have taken that we have 
not seen any demand destruction and we do not foresee any issue? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
We have seen the behavior of competitors it is not like we are the only ones doing it and we 
are watching the market as well right each competitor the timing is different because their 
inventory position and their contracts with their vendors are all very different right but you 
give it enough time two-three months and you will see everyone coming into the market 
with corrections and we see that right so it is not something that is unique to Elgi and it is 
not just unique to the compressibility right. 
Manish Goyal: 
Sure and also like wanted to get a sense, are you probably seeing any competition intensity 
increasing from the domestic players as well as international players and are we able to 
maintain our market share? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Our market share I would again like is a very difficult number to quote, we are growing 
share in Australia and in the US where numbers are published where there are even Europe 
does not publish numbers so but whereas in what in Europe we are starting so anything that 
we sell means we are gaining share in the market right. India I would say we do not have 
published numbers but I would venture to guess that we are gaining when I look at 
competitors growth again it is difficult because there are so many different products are 
agglomerated into their financial statements so we only have to guess based on our 
experience with a particular competitor brand in the market how often are we losing orders 
to them how often are we gaining orders from them these are all judgments that we use I 
would say we are probably marginally gained share, but our bigger challenge has been that 
with all these sudden growth and demand all over the world combined with the supply 
chain issues, with shipment issues our biggest problem was delivering. Delivery lead times 
just went up so because of that did customers like I know we know for a fact that there were 
other oxygen generator companies that came to us and they desperately wanted compressors 
not hundreds but I want three, I want five, I want eight. We were in no position to give it to 
them within that time frame because it was all time bound you had to make the generator 
relevant when the COVID was peaking right and obviously they bought it from others right 
so the lead times definitely we did lose some market, but I mean for lead times are bad for 
everyone but some of those guys who lucked out with stock right they gained right. 
Manish Goyal: 
And Sir in your initial comment you did mention that in international markets the price hike 
happened in the end of the first half so was it… 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
End of the second quarter. 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Manish Goyal: 
So was it a deliberate attempt to delay the price hike or what could be the reason? Because 
what I see is that if I try to do some calculations that your international or subsidiary sales 
have probably grown only 10% Y-o-Y and your margins are impacted in the overseas 
subsidiary to some extent I know I cannot do the full calculations. but broadly so is my 
observation right here? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Did we hesitate to increase prices, no we did increase prices in India if we did it five times, 
we did it three times there. I am talking now from December 2020 onwards. Now when you 
are a newcomer and you do too often then there is a certain fatigue that sets in right because 
we are unlike India where we are doing both direct sales as well as distribution sales in 
most of the other markets is 100% distribution, distributors you cannot fatigue them and 
they cannot handle a business where every month there is a price increase they cannot 
handle it so we had to be measured now when we looked at from end of March, April, May 
and June when steel prices just went crazy and they were going crazy week on week, we 
could not just react on a monthly basis we had to wait and see take a pause take a time and 
see understand what had to be done and when right so we took a holistic view and then said 
international we are going to do this so significant price increase happened in international 
markets as a percentage towards the end of the first half whereas India did multiple small 
percentages as and when things happen right. 
Manish Goyal: 
And last question Sir on maybe a couple of more on the how do you see a trend on the 
project orders say from the large industries have we started seeing any pickup of demand 
from that segment? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Yes there are things like cement projects have been being initiated so requirements are 
coming up there. We are not seeing anything yet in steel, but enquiries are beginning to 
happen. Power generation not yet, but I think that will also start coming, but if you look at 
our business Manish, compressors are the last thing they order because it has the lowest 
lead time so I know by virtue of being present involved in other businesses that have a 15 
month 24 month-30 month lead on projects, there is a certain robustness in that pipeline and 
that will trickle down to us, but it would not happen and at the same time the timing will be 
different. 
Manish Goyal: 
And last question on just housekeeping, in standalone other income what was the dividend 
income from the subsidiaries in Q2 and also a comparable number. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I will defer that question to Jaikanthan, but I am guessing it is our ATS dividend. 
Manish Goyal: 
I just wanted the number if you can check? 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I do not have the number in front of me, they have posted it on the group, it is 58.5 million. 
Manish Goyal: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
The first question would be Sir in the last call you had mentioned that you were in the final 
stage of rolling out comprehensive material cost reduction program which would target 
almost 2% of reduction as a percentage of sales and it would take almost 10 months so Sir 
where are we in this program and are we perfectly on track would we see some results in 
the first half of FY2023 Sir? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Thank you so much that was there in my notes and it missed my attention. Thank you for 
bringing it to my attention. Yes we have kick-started the project, the project is exactly on 
schedule, a lot of opportunities have been identified. The teams have been formed and they 
are working full time, we expect to see some results in the fourth quarter, but a significant 
part of that savings completely baked into our P&L in the next financial year and your are 
right the target is 2% of the earlier consolidated sales of 2000 Crores so close to 40 Crores. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sure Sir these additional incremental reduction in the material cost it would be over and 
above our guidance of 16% EBITDA margin by FY2026 right? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
This was partly to mitigate as a means to on the belief that we will not be able to pass on 
many of our cost increases that are happening, if you remember we started this project in 
the middle of chaotic raw material price increase right, now we believe that we cannot but 
now we have been able to pass it on because everybody is passing it, so this is going to the 
extent that we are not able to, right, marginally absorb it this is going to help us whether it 
is going to be over and above at 16% I cannot tell you that, but from a planning point of 
view this was on the assumption that we will not absorb, but we are absorbing, but will we 
fully absorbed these are things that I would like to wait for another couple of quarters 
before concluding. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood Sir my next question would be on employee cost so you had guided for almost 
Rs.475 Crores of employee cost for FY2022 so that would be a growth of 9% to 10% over 
the normalized number for FY2021 and it seems that we are pretty much on track so Sir 
what would be your guidance on the same for next year that is FY2023? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Very early days, the attrition rate is beginning to climb. IT industries has gone berserk in 
terms of their compensation. We are watching this very, very carefully because the cost 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 13 of 18 
pressure on people is we are beginning to feel very strongly so I do not want to say anything 
now because there is too much volatility in the job market right now. 
Harshit Patel: 
Now sure but we have done whatever head count increase we want to do in Europe right 
that is majorly done away with or there are still some people to add in our European 
business? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
It was to be done over a period of time, bulk of it has been done but marginal hiring will 
happen but it will more than make up the topline growth will more than make up. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood Sir my last question would be on the North American market so could you give 
us a flavor on all three businesses that we have over there first the independent business, 
second the JV's we have started establishing and third the patents and the Michigan Air who 
are our exclusive distributor so if you could give some flavor on how each of these 
businesses is tracking over there? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
So like I said the industrial business has not done as well and that is primarily because of 
availability of machine, the order book is very strong there so it is moving along but we see 
a lot of opportunity for a much larger performance from the industrial which will happen. 
As far as patents and Michigan Air are concerned they have all done better than the 
previous year and they are continuing to track very strongly, the US market is buoyant, but 
strategically have we done something that is deliberately discriminating and better, not yet. 
There are plans that are being rolled out for instance we have got a new leader at patents 
after a long search we have found somebody and he is going to drive that business in new 
direction that is going to give us that deliberate difference in performance. Same thing in 
Michigan Air, we are looking at incubating new territories which we have done so that will 
make a difference. As far as the joint ventures are concerned, they are primarily option that 
we chose when we could not find a distributor who will carry our product and support us in 
our growth right so they are like independent distributor we have incubated and we are 
supporting so all of them are doing as per our plan in fact most of them are ahead of the 
plan. We have now five joint ventures in the US and all of them are doing well. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sure that was all from my side. Thank you very much for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nehal Parikh from Enam Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Nehal Parikh: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers so just wanted to check what would be the steel 
mix in our compressors like what would the cost contribute like just on a ballpark what 
would be the steel? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
It is a very difficult question for me to answer I will be quite happy to take it offline with 
you. 
Nehal Parikh: 
Okay so the quest the reason that I am asking you this question is that steel prices in India 
and Asia are probably half the price in the US and obviously 50% lower than the price in 
Europe so would not this actually be a tailwind for us to price our products much higher 
because I do not think our competitors have facilities in India that can source steel at the 
prices that we can source it even though there have been increases and obviously I am not 
like at least in my last many years I have not seen this kind of distortion between pricing in 
Asia and Europe and the US? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Just like-to-like when you look at, see we are not a very special, we do not consume special 
steels. We consume run out the mill, hot rolled and cold rolls carbon steel right so if when 
we look at it the price difference between Europe and America and Asia are not different, 
not significantly different and second when our competitors are sourcing finished products 
from China or from India right, they get the benefit of the local price right so arbitrage 
happens very quickly in a highly interconnected world right so there is no real 
disproportionate cost opportunity that we can play on. 
Nehal Parikh: 
So just another question is for our competition what is the manufacturing where is it spread 
like even for Atlas, would it be spread all over or would it be dominantly for the U.S 
markets, Europe for the European markets and India for the Indian markets as well as the 
export market so just for the leaders. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
They are all over the place they both Rand and Atlas have a very strong manufacturing 
presence in China. So I would not say that they are high cost because they have access to 
extremely competitive cost of parts and even fully finished compressors even compressors 
for the Indian market come from China. 
Nehal Parikh: 
Note it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Bhavin Mitlani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Thank you for opportunity again. This question is so the acquisition of Rotair give us access 
to the portables and US has announced very large investment in hard infrastructure creation 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 15 of 18 
so are we seeing an opportunity that the access to portables which is a very competitively 
priced one can help us leap frog our market share aspirations in the United States? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Bhavin If you remember at one time about I think a couple of years ago we acquired the US 
operation acquired the master distributor of Rotair in America and since then it has been a 
significant growth opportunity for the U.S operation, selling Rotair portables so we are 
already on that. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
But does the access to competitive price portables and the demand for large hard 
infrastructure will help us our aspirations in the US much faster than we think? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
How do you say low cost I mean if it is because we are supplying a lot of the parts for the 
Rotair portables, Atlas and Doosan and all of them have access to low-cost countries right 
so I do not think there is any cost at a component level arbitrage that is pretty significant but 
the fact that we make very good portables, very good products and we play with niche 
customers, has given us the ability to really grow the market I mean grow that business not 
the market. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Sure I understand so the last question is again on India and we are seeing multiple other 
capital goods categories are highlighting that the unorganized segment is getting decimated 
and is that also helping us gain market share? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Now can you help me understand that I did not understand? 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Are these small unorganized players getting decimated because of the disruptions due to 
COVID and non-availability of funds so categories like reserves which used to import from 
China, they are seeing disruption and consequently Indian manufacturers are gaining market 
share. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Are you saying that small Chinese vendors going out and as a consequence Indian small 
vendors are growing is that your question? 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Indian small vendors getting impacted and the benefit of that market share expansion 
getting realized? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I mean if you look at the reciprocating compressor which is where you have a lot of the 
small scale industry manufacturers making replica as of either the LG machine or Ingosol 
machine, they are continuing to grow. I think this whole thing of it is this COVID has 
impacted small businesses disproportionately I think it is a bit of a myth I do not think so 
yes there are that just like it is hit small company it has also hit a lot of large companies but 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 16 of 18 
has it been particularly bad for small I do not think so they have grown and many of the 
small companies are suppliers to medium and large companies so when the needle shifted 
they all came back so I do not see it at all in our business if there are a lot of small guys at 
the bottom of the pyramid and they are continuing to remain there. None of them have gone 
out of business if at all like I said because of all these supply issues that well organized guys 
had in terms of lead times I think some of them have got the confidence to invest and grow. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
That is very useful last thing I had asked this couple of quarters ago because you had a plan 
that for our foundry, we are also looking at third party orders so that we are able to fully 
utilize, any progress in that Sir? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
We did a lot of work on that Bhavin and a lot of the customers wanted machine castings and 
that is not something that we want to get distracted with right. What we have realized in the 
market is the demand for raw casting is very low most customers want the foundry to 
supply machine casting now we certainly do not want to invest any money in creating 
machining capacity for machining castings for others that is not our business and we do not 
want to tie up with outside machine shop company because that is another distraction from 
our business so we are still talking to a few people if they are interested in buying raw 
castings and they do all the work then we will do it but at the moment nothing of 
significance has happened there are some important stuff. There is nothing of significance 
when that happens I will come back and report. 
Bhavin Mitlani: 
Thank you so much Sir. It was very useful and best wishes from us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Nakshita Mehta from Credent Asset 
Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
Congratulations again for good set of numbers so I just had one question on the part of 
inventory so as I can see the inventories have increased and the standalone is not so can we 
attribute this revenue to the price increase more than the volume because we can see 
inventory is increasing? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
The inventory has gone up even in standalone because if the standalone books are the ones 
where the operations numbers are sitting the factory where there has been a significant 
increase in raw material and like I said we have increased our inventory both on raw 
material side as well as finished goods. Now the finished goods inventories have all 
increased in our subsidiaries because India business does not carry any inventory. The 
standalone number carries the inventory for the India business so it is not just finished 
goods that have gone up it is both raw material and finish good and bulk of it is in raw 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 17 of 18 
material that is on the standalone numbers. I do not know which standalone number you are 
referring to and saying it has not gone up. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
No it has gone up it has definitely gone up. Standalone number is about 4357you’re your 
standalone is 1900, so there was a major part from the subsidiary that is what I want to 
know? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
No that is bulk of it is raw material that is kept in this factory. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
Correct all right also I just want to understand how is China plus one playing out so 
basically the chemicals demand has increased from India so are we also benefiting from 
that? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
We are not a component supplier or a raw material. We supply a finished product through a 
distributor to an end customer right so the China plus one strategy is for bulk buying let us 
say home textiles or fashion textiles or intermediate chemicals then there is a China plus 
one strategy where they look at possibly an Indian company filling those shoes but we are 
not in that in that segment of the business. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
All right perfect. Thank you and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivam Prashar, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivam Prashar: 
Congratulations like you mentioned that the demand is coming good from cement and 
power so would you like to mention any more sectors that you look at from where the 
demand can come like oil and gas or etc., 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
No I did not say the demand is coming good on cement and power I am seeing activity of 
capacity increase in all these they are looking at capacity increases in this sector and 
requirement from these industries come to us with a lag and we are still waiting on that lag. 
I do not have number but normally when they go to a company that sets up a power plant or 
a steel plant it takes about probably three and a half, four years is the lead time whereas our 
lead time is probably a few weeks so they tend to come to us very late. 
Shivam Prashar: 
I would like to ask that like you are saying that the demand from compressors is turning out 
to be very good due to certain factors so like from which sectors are you seeing most of the 
orders or sales being happening from your end. Can you just specify the sector? 

 
 
                                 Elgi Equipments 
November 12, 2021 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Like this question was asked earlier and I said in India when we look at it just I cannot think 
of one sector that stands out as a big contributor literally every sector has grown. There is 
no one that is stands out. 
Shivam Prashar: 
No can you just specify the sectors in which most of them like any percentage in which you 
go like a percentage breakup of the sectors you cater to? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
About 80% to 90% of any factory needs compressed air and we supply compressor right so 
it is not like our product is not generic to one industry type so if you look at compressed air, 
compressed air is a form of energy they normally call it the fourth utility right so any 
factory needs compressed air to run the factory right and unlike electricity which can be 
centrally generated and distributed, compressed air has to be generated onsite and that is 
why we have a demand for compressors so every factory will need a compressor. 
Shivam Prashar: 
Okay Sir and do you see the compressor demand to be sustainable and long this time? 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
I hope so because like I said we have all been looking for an answer as to why there is this 
resurgence in demand and the reason being given is that Indian industry has not built 
capacity over the last many years and as a consequence the capacity utilization is reaching 
that 60%-70%-80% the time when it triggers the thinking for increasing capacity and I hope 
that answer is right if it is then this can be such thing. 
Shivam Prashar: 
Okay Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Jairam Varadaraj: 
Thank you again for this time and taking your time off from your schedule to be with us. 
Yes we have got a good set of numbers but for us this is just a milestone we need to 
continue to go down the track of what we have set out to do which is to really build a 
company that is globally competitive profitable with good cash so thank you we are on that 
track and we hope to continue down that path. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Asian Market Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
