 
 
 
 
 
Date: November 9, 2021 
 
To 
The Department of Corporate Services –CRD 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd 
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (E),  
MUMBAI – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 509675/HIL; Through Listing Centre 
Scrip Symbol: HIL: Through NEAPS 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Schedule of Analyst / Investor Call held on October 28, 2021. 
Ref: Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (Listing Regulations). 
 
In continuation to our letter dated October 26, 2021, Please find attached the Transcript of 
Analyst / Investor conference call held on October 28, 2021. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46, the aforesaid intimation and Transcript of the Investor Call is also 
available in the Company’s website i.e., ww.hil.in/investors. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
 
Thanking You 
for HIL LIMITED  
 
 
 
Mahesh Thakar 
Company Secretary &  
Head of Legal. 
 
Encl: As above 
 
MAHESH 
MADHU
KAR 
THAKAR
Digitally signed 
by MAHESH 
MADHUKAR 
THAKAR 
Date: 2021.11.09 
17:09:06 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
October 28, 2021 
 
 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to HIL Limited’s Q2 
& H1 FY22 Results Conference Call. Today we have with us Mr. Dhirup Roy 
Choudhary – Managing Director and CEO of the company, Mr. KR Veerappan – 
CFO, Mr. Ajay Kapadia – Vice President, Finance and Accounts. We will first have 
Mr. Dhirup Roy Choudhary making opening comments and he would be followed by 
Mr. Veerappan, who will take you to the financial observations. 
Before we get into today's call, I would like to share that some of the statements that 
could be discussed on the call today could be forward-looking in nature and details 
in this regard are available in the earnings presentation which has been uploaded on 
the websites and also shared with you. I shall now call upon Mr. Dhirup Roy 
Choudhary to present his views. Over to you Dhirup.  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Thanks, Siddharth. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen welcome to Q2 & H1 
FY22 earnings conference call of your company, HIL. I thank you for taking out the 
time and joining us today. I trust that you and your loved ones are healthy and doing 
well. 
As anticipated Q2 FY22 has been a tough quarter for HIL due to challenges emerging 
from a supply destruction, higher input costs and an off-season of our roofing 
segment. The commitment and determination of our dedicated teams ensure that we 
were able to optimize the situation and maximize our performance which mirrors the 
financials of this quarter. However, on a half yearly basis HIL has posted a robust 
performance. Consolidated revenue for H1 FY22 came in at Rs.1,749 crore, 
registering a growth of 25% year-on-year. EBITDA grew to Rs.241 crore, registering 
a growth of 17% year-on-year and EBITDA margin came in at 14%. PAT for the 
same period stood at Rs.126 crore as witnessed a growth of 27% year-on-year. 
Moving to each business segments; in the roofing segment Q2 this year was 
following an exceptional growth registered in Q1 FY22 and also witnessed pent up 
demand in comparative quarter last year. We observed selling price reduction in the 
market coupled with discretionary costs coming back which collectively had impacted 
the profitability. However, our last leg connect to our influencers and customers have 
allowed us to command our price supremacy. We continue to bolster our leadership 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
position in the market on the back of our high-quality products and our leadership in 
margins.  
Our building solutions segment has seen growth at a robust rate this quarter as a 
result of the real estate coming back, the demand for this product have increased 
day by day. This is a very positive sign for the building materials industry, and we 
are well placed to meet this demand. That being said, we will continue to service the 
markets in Tier II and Tier III cities as well which we had started last year with the 
onset of COVID-19 pandemic. Our teams have been consistently interacting with 
various influencers, developers and construction companies and increasing the 
awareness regarding our offerings. We are facing short term headwind in availability 
and prices of key raw materials - slag cement, fly ash, burned lime and coal which 
will continue to impact the profitability in this segment. Building solutions have 
reached peak utilization and this is where our fresh capacity in east will assist.  
The polymer solution segment has seen a significant performance this quarter. This 
business has been growing month on month since last 2 years. Our strong brand 
value, product quality, influencer connects and increasing geographical reach 
continue to drive growth in this business. High price of PVC and CPVC resin in the 
market coupled by volatility issues are likely to have an impact on both, revenue and 
profitability in the coming quarters. Our teams continue to develop more SKUs in a 
bid to ramp up business and increase our addressable market in the coming months.  
Last couple of years including Q1 this year has been good progress for flooring 
solutions. However as intimated during our last call, the business is facing a huge 
scarcity of critical raw materials like HDF/MDF, owing to pent up demand for furniture 
segments in Western countries which is also resulting in continuous rise in price of 
HDF/MDF boards, chemicals and paper. Further, an increase in PVC price, higher 
sea freight and restriction of power consumption by the Chinese government has 
also impacted the availability and cost of multiple raw materials which we import from 
China. To address the current situation, we have on-boarded several new suppliers 
for HDF boards from Eastern Europe and Asian countries. We believe that non-
availability of raw material is temporary in nature and is expected to normalize by the 
end of December 2021. However, the price increase for various raw materials are 
expected to see a downturn only from middle of Q4 in phased manner. While 
addressing the material availability and cost concerns on a daily basis, the sales 
team has done a phenomenal job in acquiring new customers across geographies. 
Taking a price increase to the tune of 12% to 13% and moving towards non-
HDF/MDF product offering. This together with reduction in fixed costs have somehow 
offset the material cost increase. Having said that, aspirational plans for Parador are 
fully on track and our long-term aspirations to grow Parador is then on course.  
While we hope and pray there is no third wave, but our learning from the first two 
waves will help us adapt to and overcome any such challenges in future. We continue 
to implement various systems that have proved their efficacy in the past 1.5 years, 
systems like business intelligence, industry 4.0, tehsil mapping, zero-based cost 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
model etc. These along with our fundamentally sound business strategy ensures that 
your company remains agile and adaptive even in an unpredictable environment.  
In conclusion I would like to say that our teams have been working tirelessly to 
overcome an eminent challenging phase which to many extents is transient on the 
supply side both in India and Europe. We are very hopeful to mitigate this in the most 
professional way. Q2 FY22 has been a tough quarter for HIL, especially in our 
flooring business where we need another quarter before things settle down. We have 
confidence that growth will continue to remain robust in long-term. We will continue 
to launch and expand our new product portfolio keeping in mind customer feedbacks. 
Innovation, research and development, agility and focus on profitable growth have 
been key ingredients to our strategy and will continue to introduce new SKUs and 
new products as we progress towards achieving our goals of making HIL a $1 billion 
company with a robust balance sheet. 
Thank you very much for all your patient hearing. I would now like to handover the 
discussion to my CFO Mr. Veerappan to take us through the financial performance 
of the quarter under review. Veerappan over to you. 
KR Veerappan: 
Thank you Dhirup. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you once again for joining 
us on HIL Limited’s Q2 and H1 FY22 earnings call today. I trust you and your families 
are safe. I will take you all through the financial and operating highlights of the 
business for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2021.  
Continuous rigor of daily target achievement and collaborative efforts of our one HIL 
team resulted in ever highest revenue with a growth of 21% in Q2 in India despite 
severe challenges faced due to the non-availability and abnormal increase in key 
raw materials prices. The roofing solution business grew by 1% year-on-year to 
Rs.189 crore for the quarter and by 25% year-on-year to Rs.601 crore for H1. As 
Dhirup mentioned, the reduction in selling price during the quarter did put some 
pressure on margins. We continue to improve market share and remain leaders in 
the market in terms of margins, given the work our teams have put in to build on 
outreach and costs. The building solution segment saw a very robust growth during 
the quarter, significantly boosted by the improving conditions in the real estate 
sector. Revenue grew to Rs.96 crore in Q2, registering a growth of 42% year-on-
year. On a half yearly basis, the revenue stood at Rs.180 crore, having grown by 
85% year-on-year.  
Capacity utilization across our plants has remained high and the upcoming Orissa 
plant will greatly help us service the increasing demand with relative ease from the 
next financial year. The polymer solution segment witnessed a significant growth 
during the period under review. On a quarterly basis revenue grew by 48% year-on-
year to Rs.136 crore and for the first half FY22 it came in at Rs.244 crore which is 
growth of 74% year-on-year. Our strategy involving increasing brand awareness and 
widening geographic reach have played a major role in the growth of this segment 
and we will continue to do the same to drive the growth further. 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Flooring solution segment recorded a revenue of Rs.344 crore for Q2 FY22, 
registering degrowth of 3% year-on-year and for H1 FY22, the revenue came in at 
Rs.723 crore, having grown by 7% year-on-year. The slowdown in the growth was 
anticipated by us and communicated in our last call and was fully attributed to the 
shortage of available materials like HDF and MDF. This shortage is also impacting 
margins as prices for these materials have gone up significantly coupled with 
increasing sea freight. We foresee this shortage to prove as a hurdle for a few more 
months and after that the Parador business will be back on its earlier healthy growth 
trajectory.  
Coming to the consolidated financials; revenue for the company stood at Rs.766 
crore, registering a growth of 9% year-on-year for Q2 FY22. On a half yearly basis 
the revenue came in at Rs.1,749 crore and registered a growth of 25% year-on-year. 
The company’s consolidated PBT for Q2 is Rs.36 crore and is in line with our 
expectation. The H1 FY22 PBT stood at Rs.175 crore growing 27% year-on-year 
and was significantly higher than the PBT for the first six months of the last financial 
year and also higher than the consolidated full-year FY20 PBT. PAT for H1 FY22 
grew by 27% year-on-year to Rs.126 crore. HIL continues to maintain its focus on 
balance sheet health and strong cash flows. The overall debt came down to Rs.307 
crore after a debt payback of Rs.102 crore during the first half FY22. At the India 
level, HIL continues to be an interest-bearing net debt-free company since last 
quarter despite various challenges on the material front. The total debt to equity ratio 
stood at 0.28 as on 30th September 2021 as compared to 0.41 as on 31st March, 
2021. The company’s net worth stands at Rs.1,104 crore and has grown by 23% 
year-on-year. H1 FY22 proved to be a robust performance for HIL despite some 
pressure from input materials in terms of price and availability. But our teams are 
constantly working on ways around such issues and to minimize the impact and we 
placed great confidence in their abilities. We will continue driving this business 
towards a $1 billion dream and are confident of achieving all our goals as one of 
India's premier organizations. 
With this I would like to conclude my opening remarks. I request the moderator to 
open the floor for questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Subham Agarwal from 
Aequitas India.  
Subham Agarwal: 
My first question is related to flooring division. I was talking about the flooring division, 
so in your opening remarks you did mention that you have already taken 12% to 14% 
increase in price but if we see the gross margin or raw material cost to total turnover, 
it has increased by 8% and it was probably not enough, this increase in price was 
not enough to keep our gross margin Q-on-Q constant.  So I just wanted to 
understand in the current scenario where we have already taken such high price 
hikes, what’s the current appetite of end customer, how they are reacting to this 
increase and how do you think we will be able to take further price increase to offset 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
our raw material price, do you see any trend of downtrading in this product segment 
or any delay in their consumption? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Thank you Subham. I'm not sure I heard you very distinctly, but I could definitely grab 
your question and it's directed towards our flooring business Parador. Let me try and 
answer as much as I thought your question was and if I've left anything out, I would 
request you to fill it up please. Before I answer your question let me give a little more 
input on Parador. All of you are aware, the Parador has been delivering consistent 
results since its acquisition almost 2.5 years back. In fact, last financial year was an 
exceptional year also for Parador. The way that we have been able to stimulate this 
company to be a part of HIL, I take pride in saying we are one. However, globally 
there is a transient, unexpected, huge shortage of quality manufacturers for HDF and 
MDF boards. This is far more critical in Western Europe. In three contributable due 
to a sudden spark in demand after the second wave of COVID in the furniture 
industry. Suppliers of HDF/MDF having their own upward integration into furniture, 
flooring businesses have stopped supplying to external clients. This has created a 
huge shortage of raw materials from majority of flooring companies including us. 
Parador has reached out to several manufacturers across the globe for supply of 
these critical raw materials and the process of trials and quality inspections are in 
their advanced stages. We hope to stabilize the supplies for these products by the 
end of Q3. However, owing to huge price increase taken by these suppliers globally 
together with a peaking sea freight, the profitability pressure for Parador will continue 
till the end of this financial year. We have a fantastic connect with customers. Our 
brand is very strong and over the last 7-8 months, 10 months our theme of taking 
Parador up to about €350 million company in the next 4 to 5 years had taken a lot 
from the sales to acquire new clients. This was absolutely in place and have this 
transient issue not come through, Parador business would have been robust even 
this year. In fact, to give you a number of we have let go €25 million orders this half 
of the year which was in our platter just because were unable to deliver as most of it 
needed HDF and MDF in their product. The model is very strong. The fabric is strong. 
I can assure you that. We have taken in three stages 12% to 13% price rise already 
with clients. This is going to be continued till we see any softening in the material 
price. We are pegging ourselves alongside some suppliers of flooring who have their 
own HDF/MDF, and that I would say is the disadvantage Parador has, like many 
other flooring companies. So only about 10% or 15% of flooring companies would 
have their own HDF/MDF in their own company. So majority are facing this problem. 
We are tracking it. We are getting across to clients. We are getting the price rise. We 
will get more and cost cuttings in Parador, very huge cost cuttings are in place so 
that we are able to keep up the tally. Q2 has been quite disastrous, and I will not 
mince words in saying that in the profitability of Parador but I'm happy that we could 
stay with a good top line because we were able to ship some of the HDF/MDF 
products into resilient products which do not need HDF/MDF and thereby is catered 
to our client. This effort will continue. I can tell you during these times a daily review 
with Parador far more improved impressions from HIL way we deal in India has 
penetrated. I think this opportunity has helped us to be even better connected. In 
many ways the MIS, the controls, the daily reviews, the aggression that HIL has is 
now a part of Parador. Give us Q3, give us Q4 to stabilize the prices, you would see 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
thereafter Parador will be on a different pedestal altogether. Hope I answered your 
questions. 
 Subham Agarwal: 
Yes sir, like one more question I had regarding flooring, so if you can tell me what 
sequentially was the volume drop with regards to non-availability of raw material. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
The prices have gone up 12% to 13% as I mentioned. The revenue has an element 
of price there. Volume drop has nothing to do with entry of orders or customers. It 
has everything to do with how we have been able to service the customers. Just 
giving again a very strong note here as a commitment from my side, the customer 
makes the demand, everything is absolutely fine with Parador. As soon as material 
- first of all was material availability, we have been able to sort that out to a great 
extent I must say. The second is the huge price that stands on it. That should take a 
little more time to soften but I have an impression that maybe in Q4 this year we 
would see some changes and the prices will start lowering down. Till such time. We 
will continue to see wherever opportunistically we can raise prices. For all new 
orders, we’ll try and get more of non-HDF/MDF products. Those are the actions that 
we will continue to do. 
 Subham Agarwal: 
On the building solutions division, given that we are working at optimum capacity, 
but our margin has again dropped because of raw material pressure. I wanted to 
understand our ability to pass on the cost because of the last 1-1.5 months, in fact 
the raw material pressures have gone up. So how do you see the customer getting 
any increase in price that we may take? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
That's a very good question from your side. And the point that I have with my team 
is this price pressure on bottom line because of materials I guess is being faced by 
everyone. Therefore, we have to do far more to get the NSRs up. And I think that's 
a consistent discussion that we keep doing, our sales teams are doing with the 
customers. Good thing is HIL is able to cherry pick a little bit because we have now 
penetrated into Tier 2, Tier 3 cities during the COVID and you would see definitely 
an NSR upward movement as we go forward even more. So I'm not too worried 
about building solutions though we have had a little weak profitable business, but the 
growth has been very good. We are back on track, and we'll be able to mitigate these 
damages.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shantanu Basu from SMIFS Limited. 
Shantanu Basu: 
So, some parts of my Parador query has been answered but I still have something 
more to understand basically. So there has been only a 3.5% de-growth but there 
has been an EBIT loss and if I put matters into context in Q1 FY21, Parador revenue 
was Rs.320 crore and EBIT was Rs.20 crore. While in the current quarter we've seen 
sales of Rs.344 crore and loss of Rs.7 crore. Again, in FY20 sales per quarter was 
generally less than the current quarter and profit was made at EBIT level. So just 
want to understand what's particularly wrong with the management of cost and prices 
given the fact that you have taken 12% to 13% price hike, so what's particularly 
wrong because the historically even at lower revenue in the recent past has given 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
higher EBIT or positive EBIT for that matter positive and higher. So that is one. What 
should we expect in this context? What should we expect in Q3 and Q4, would they 
be EBIT loss in Q3 and Q4 as well for Parador? And the next question is with respect 
to roofing, so as you've stated that you have reduced your prices, so post reduction 
of prices has there been any market share gain and if you could just give me the 
volume growth it's just been 1% growth. I presume the volume growth would have 
been much higher as there has been a price de-growth. If you could give me the 
volume that would be helpful. Are there any cost pressures in that segment as well, 
in roofing as well as we see in all the other three segments? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
And you have your rights to be strong on Parador. Let me just take it on face value 
and try to answer them to you. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the 
management or our cost structures. Let me assure you that. In fact, there has been 
a lot of efforts in reducing the costs in Parador to sustain our type of business. If 
whatever numbers you have said are all valid and their data and data speaks very 
well. Last year Parador had an enjoyable year and last year the Parador’s business 
was not at all hurt by COVID. Last year in fact Parador had a boost of a business 
because people were sitting at home. In Europe they call it as a cocooning effect 
where they sit at home, and they were doing a lot of investments to renovate their 
homes. So, profits were good, top-line was good, everything was good in Parador 
last year. Now this year we up at against that and that cannot be a comparative first 
of all. Q2 is always a weak quarter for Parador for years together. Q3 is also weak 
owing to Christmas and all the rest. Now having said that the top-line in Parador was 
the first attention that we didn't want to slide on which means material availability no 
matter at what cost was the first impression that we wanted to do, stay in touch with 
clients, don't lose sight of them, continue to give them what they want so that we are 
not at all damaging all the hard work that we have done in developing newer clients 
to expand Parador. That was step number one. The cost structure on materials is 
something that has completely ruined the profitability. Once again, let me just harp 
on that. The entire profitability loss that we see in Parador has nothing to do with 
management structure, the way we handle Parador, anything. It is everything to do 
with the price at which HDF/MDF, chemicals, PVC, sea freights, everything has gone 
up now, terrible. In Europe the best thing is Shantanu, everything of these are well 
published. There are websites where all of these indices are available, and one can 
peep into it. It's much more explicit. We had gone through severe problem. You 
asked the question, whether there'll be a loss next quarter, no next quarter we will 
not be in loss. That's our ardent efforts we had gone through I would say the worst 
phase. Next quarter we have been able to master up more quantities of raw material. 
So, which means our company should run full and we should be able to get far more 
revenue in next quarter and Q4 of course we will be fully up as it seems today, costs 
will remain a trigger but in Parador the more revenue we should be able to manage 
that. I think next quarter we'll be far better on profitability than this quarter and Q4 
will be even better than Q3. I would assume the lowest point of the bell curve has 
already been reached. That's about Parador for you. I can't give you exact numbers 
of how much Q3, Q4 we will raise because I don't have a crystal ball. That's my sad 
part. No one in the market is able to commit when HDF/MDF prices will start coming 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
down. But, we have our deep connects with the clients, customers, suppliers and we 
are able to manage the situation to the best of our abilities, is what I can say. 
Coming to your next question on roofing segment; I think roofing segment has done 
exceptionally well. Yes, the prices by our competition or the market prices have 
slipped down in Q2 immensely because Q1 was HIL’s quarter where HIL took almost 
24% market share. We dominated Q1 in roofing and a loss which was very 
dramatically difficult to absorb by any of our competition. They have tried whatever 
is under their room to try and get market, gone down on price, literally wrong 
decisions if I may say from my lens but we couldn't do that, and we didn't do it and 
we've never done it. We have our market, we back our customers, we have the last 
connect, we have a brand. We get Rs.15-17 more than our competition per sheet in 
many places. We have continued that. We have reduced our prices by about 2% to 
3% depending on the zone we are talking about and that's about it. And we have got 
our markets. Our market share I would say has gone up by about 200 basis points 
over last year in the first six months. And we should be anything between 22% and 
23% market share in roofing, far-far higher than any of our next competition. So that's 
on roofing for you.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi Securities & Finance 
Limited.  
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Would like to congratulate on showing resilient performance at least in terms of 
revenue. I hope the input cost pressure would subside in next two quarters and the 
price hike and other efficiency measures taken will improve the margin in Parador. 
Just wanted to know in terms of long run will it make sense to do some investment 
in terms of backward integration in Parador like we put something for MDF/HDF thing 
of our own? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Dhananjayji first of all you made my day by congratulating the team because I didn't 
think Q2 really deserves that but very kind of you. Coming to Parador and your 
specific question for any factory that we want to set up for HDF/MDF, our minimum 
investment size will be about €125 to €150 million. The capacity output will be three 
times that of what Parador would need. I think that I was not and I'm still not very 
sure. I want to get into a B2B model by getting into HDF/MDF manufacturing myself 
and then run pillar to post to sell those products because I'll have a lot of excess 
capacity. That's one and investment size will be very high. Second is, this product 
was in for a very low margins just a year back and last 4 years they’ve struggled, in 
fact in Europe if you map out, many capacities have closed down in HDF/MDF just 
because the realizations were too low. This is just a transient part I would say 
because of COVID, this is just an element where it will get automatically corrected. I 
think we will be able to do strategic sourcing from many more suppliers of HDF/MDF 
and continue our efforts while the prices soften from Q4 onwards, later part of Q4 is 
my guess. I don't think so we need to invest in HDF/MDF, we should find a better 
business model is my view but I'm happy to connect with you separately if you have 
a strong view on this.  

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
If you could provide the breakup in terms of geography how we did in Germany, 
Austria and other markets in terms of Parador this quarter. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
This time we intentionally supplied maximum to Europe because we had created a 
good customer base for expansion of Parador assuming nothing will go wrong in 
materials, but we were suddenly paused with this challenge. So, we concentrated 
maximum in Europe and the reason is because the realization then becomes best 
with less freights and all the rest of it. I think the numbers therefore would be far more 
versus Europe. I think about 70%-80% would be sold within Europe and the rest is 
outside.  
Dhananjay Mishra: 
My second question would be in terms for roofing business, what is the outlook in 
terms of availability of this fiber and any costs that we are facing in that segment?  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I think today I can tell you the comfort we are in. So, we are well-poised in roofing. 
The business is doing well. We have sustained our margins to a great extent. There 
are challenges of material always, you know what the cement companies do. I don't 
have to talk about it. But fiber we are absolutely well-poised, there doesn't seem to 
be a big concern in roofing at all. We have been able to penetrate the market. We 
have been able to sustain our market shares to a great extent, take lots from our 
competition, brand is doing well, quality is doing great. So, no concerns.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC.  
Nikhil Gada: 
My first question is regarding Parador, and while you have mentioned that we have 
taken the 12%-13% price, I wanted to know whether this entire price hike was taken 
in Q2 itself? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I mentioned to you, this was taken in three stages. The first price rise that we gave 
was 8%. I think this was at right at the beginning of the quarter. And then we had 3% 
then and then another 2.5%- 3% depending on the client. So yeah, the full of it hasn’t 
matured in last quarter’s revenue if that's your question.  
Nikhil Gada: 
And you mentioned that we have shifted to other products which are like non-
MDF/HDF and supplied flooring orders based on that. Can you highlight what kind 
of products are this? Are they similar to MDF/HDF and what is their availability 
source?  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Yeah, that's another tricky part. We tried to change some of our orders of HDF/MDF 
based products which have HDF/MDF as a central layer to the resilient flooring which 
is like the PVC based products. They look exactly the same and the raw material for 
that comes from China. That part we tried to do but for instance, SPC we call it, then 
ModularOne Hydron is another brand-new product that we have already posted, 
some of the engineered wood where we don't need HDF/MDF. Those are the 
products we have tried to supply more. There are two concerns there, one the HDF-
MDF products have better margins on a run rate basis. Therefore, the margins for 
these alternative products have not been as good. So, that's some hit that we have 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
taken on that on an equal basis. The second is PVC comes from China and there 
the new laws on our power and you all must be read about it. Most companies are 
running three days a week and some who have a good connect with the government 
run five days a week. Some of our suppliers are big guys, so they run on five days a 
week but they have hiked their prices. And the killing part has been the shipping lines 
where the context is almost 8x-9x costs. They are also posing a threat, but we will 
mitigate this. 
Nikhil Gada: 
The reason to ask this is that whether this was more of a makeshift arrangement, or 
we were planning to at least a move certain part of our product lines to alternate 
sourcing. That was the reason I asked this. And just some of the domestic MDF 
manufacturers have highlighted during conversation that few of the European 
players for MDF and HDF and they're booked for 2 years in terms of the order book 
for MDF and HDF. Since you mentioned that we are moving sourcing from Europe 
to other part, just wanted to highlight if we can give more details from where we are 
trying to source the MDF/HDF requirement. 
 Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, 2 years if they've locked their product deliveries then I don't think they are the 
ones we can look at for alternatives. We were primarily buying this from Western 
Europe, and we have very good sources in Western Europe. Sadly, two of our 
sources out of many were people who had an upward integration themselves in the 
company of supplying furniture and flooring. They completely switched off because 
they had enough demand within their own group. That's the reason we have to look 
out. We are buying from Eastern Europe which is one part that we have moved to. 
We have looked at China and there is a good supplier in China which we have frozen 
up. There is a in line that is there. We are trying to use that if that's possible. 
SouthEast Asia is another, so Malaysia has a very good supplier. We are at the prime 
stage of concluding with them. Vietnam is another. There are quite a few options that 
we are looking at. We have looked at everyone, we have looked at United States 
also, we looked at Indians also. Couple of them couldn't match our quality. Some of 
them had a problem with the European approval. One of them who could do 
everything, their prices were too high. We are looking at everything that's possible 
Nikhil.  
Nikhil Gada: 
The freight cost over here would not have any impact.  
Dhirup Choudhary: 
They have a huge impact as you know from India also. So that always climbs on to 
the FOB price that we get. All of that has to be considered.  
Nikhil Gada: 
Just on the other part of the business which is roofing; you already mentioned that 
we have been able to do quite well in terms of market share as well but you had 
highlighted in earlier calls that we were going to finally get good quality fiber from 
Brazil and that would reduce our production costs. So, any updates over there where 
are we in that? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
It is helping us, that's all I can say. How much etc. I would not like to talk about. 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
But the integration has been done completely for those? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Absolutely, we have a very focused supplier in Brazil. We have a preferential 
treatment from them so it's absolutely in placed. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And it's flowing in our margins, right? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Just lastly if you could highlight the capacity utilization across all of our segments 
that will be really helpful? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
So, Q2 is always a weak quarter in roofing. We had a mega-mega Q1. You may be 
aware that this was the best ever in the history. Q2 is always weak, so I think last 
quarter we were at 65% capacity utilization in roofing. We were almost at 55% to 
60% in the plumbing sector, and we were almost 90% in our building solutions sector. 
Parador was less, we were around 70% in Parador, and it could have been far more 
had the materials been available. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. 
Nikhil: 
On based on the discussion we had till now on Parador, as I understand like we've 
tried to save our sales and maintain our market share because during COVID if I 
understand we had gained significant market share because other people were not 
quite agile in the way we were. But considering that some of the suppliers were 
already having a forward integration, so have we seen a market share loss significant 
market share loss or would it be in some percentage points market share loss in 
Parador? And on the pricing side you mentioned that we've taken 10% to 12% price 
increase, but has the premium of Parador versus the other guys who are forward 
integrated has gone up significantly or the price premium would have remained the 
same way, so they followed on the price increases? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Both are very good question. Let me try and answer, so countrywide if you see 
market share mapping, I think we have done very well to secure that. We have 
gained market from a few additional connects a few other additional customer 
acquisitions which we have done. We have left out a bit of DIY in the process 
because DIY is more standard module that we sell and there the contribution is 
immensely low. So, we have left out a bit of DIY specifically and strategically, but we 
have gained everywhere else and that DIY we will be able to gain back anytime. So, 
we have not lost anything on the same side on the customer side forever at all. That's 
answering that question of yours. 
 
And on your second question, well we have raised the price. We have a premium, 
we get that, and these rises have always been a hard negotiation, but we have been 
able to convince it to the clients. Yes, some of the guys who have HDF/MDF in their 
family products are low and quality products supplier and therefore we do not have 
a very steep competition against them. I would say they would have also raised it 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
because their HDF/-MDF price costs have gone up immensely. They would have 
also raised it, but it was not on a competitive level. 
Nikhil: 
Secondly on the polymer business, see what I’m trying to understand is if you look 
at the growth last year, we were doing around Rs.90 crore of sales and this year 
we've done Rs.136 crore of sales. As I understand PVC prices have gone up 
significantly. So, of these 50% sales growth or even if we consider for the first half 
almost a 50% sales growth, would it be like 25%-30% would be volume driven growth 
or can you give me a split of volume and PVC led price growth? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I think you're right absolutely. The number you've mentioned things very logical about 
25%-30% would be the volume driven growth and the rest would be boosted by the 
cost structure. 
Nikhil: 
So, if I look at sequentially from Rs.108 crore to Rs.136 crore and the EBIT remains 
in that Rs.9 crore range. So, have we increased our market spending and promotions 
to gain volumes or is it like there was some inventory adjustment which has led to, 
the whole of the sales growth has not flown into the EBIT improvement on a 
sequential basis? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Nikhil ji actually your questions are self-answering, and I must give credit to you, you 
are very well-read on this, but let me try and point it in my own words. So last year if 
you are comparing last year there were obnoxious cost controls that we have taken 
a lot of it which had to come back. We had not given a raise in salary to manpower; 
we had not started at the going from one place to the other so that costs come back. 
There are costs also on some branding that we are doing if you ever go to Delhi or 
to Hyderabad the autos would have HIL Pipes behind them. Those are some specific 
branding work that we have done. Not big scale at all but specific ones, so some of 
those costs have definitely come back. Then there is the element of always 
inventories with the PVC prices continuously up and down there are plus and 
minuses keeping going. So it's not an apple to apple comparison but let me give you 
a broad sense the biggest push that I wish to do and that's exactly what I have 
requested my team to do is to go on exploding on sales. We are growing in bite 
roughly about 50% in Q2, Q1 will not be a right presentation because last year Q1 
was very weak so I'm not even going to that, but Q2 have been almost, and we are 
on a drive scale for in excess of Rs.300 crore this year on Pipes alone. So, I think 
that is our cost. The more you're able to make the better will be the profitability, 
engagement and everything. So that's our drive. You would see this profitability 
coming up coming for in coming quarters and years. 
Nikhil: 
I appreciate it and I think I'm not too much concerned on the profitability because this 
we've discussed multiple time and you've mentioned that as sales come the 
profitability will improve. I'm just trying to understand if because if it's a marketing 
and promotion spend it's more productive spend which will improve the market share 
for us over a longer period. That's just I'm trying to understand is it inventory loss 
which has hit the margin or is it more promotions which we have increased that. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Inventory gain in Q3 last time which was significant, Q2 and Q3 you would see that 
also haunting us as we going to Q3 results a quarter later. But let me tell you where 
the losses have come down immensely it's all on quality rejections. We are far more 
efficient than manufacturing. We have penetrated into newer sectors. A lot more 
travels have happened, a lot more influencer activities have started with the 
plumbers and every bit is all costs but those are very, as you rightly that they are 
investment than cost. This particular business is, we were struggling up to October 
2019. I must say everything that I was saying was not happening, from October ‘19 
when we changed the business or rather removed him, and I took it upon myself that 
we should do something and the whole organization as one HIL has come together. 
Every month on month we are growing in this business and it's exciting to see we 
will be crossing Rs.300 crore this year from a Rs.200 crore last year. And as we 
crossed Rs.300 crore we coming to a very selected set people in pipes, and I think 
the market share or profitability there after the quite as strongly. 
Nikhil: 
Last thing which you can take up later also on Charminar Fortune, how is the 
progress since last 2 years now? Are you seeing traction building up or are we still 
in the process, the proof-of-concept stage? Any thoughts there because we had 
good expectations from the product. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
We are finally I can make a thumping statement that we are out of the proof concept. 
We have tested the product enough. These rains have been merciless in many ways, 
sectors of the country which has had torrential rains taken away sheets which was 
not ours thankfully. Fortune has sustained all of that which means we are absolutely 
clear about the quality, technology and everything. Now we will be completely 
ramping up this product. If there is a concern, the concern is only on the cost of 
fortune. We can’t peg it along with asbestos and we don't want to. So, we have to 
peg it with alternative products and get the market scaled up. Fortune is in far better 
hands, and you would see progression quarter after quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anish Jobalia from Banyan Capital Advisors 
LLP. 
Anish Jobalia: 
I wanted to discuss broadly on your broad thoughts. So overall how do you see the 
EBITDA margins recovery from Q2 onwards? In H2 in the last year we did close to 
13% EBITDA margins; do you think we can recover to those kinds of levels in this 
year? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
That's a very tough question I must say and part of it I'm not able to talk about exact 
numbers. I can only tell you that I think the worst is over in Q2. Q3 will also remain 
tough but it's not going to be as bad as Q2 and Q4 will be far better. We will 
considerably be improving here on. Last year was a bumper year for us. There were 
lots of cost cuts and everything let's see we will keep our fingers crossed. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Sorry. I'm pushing but in terms of achieving our $1 billion revenue by FY25. I wonder 
to check it very crucial developments in this quarter that you would like to highlight 
which may help further crystallize your conviction to reach this milestone. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
You should push me because this is your company, and you have all rights to do so. 
We are here to make that happen. $1 billion dream is absolutely there, and this is no 
more a dream this is now being positioned in plans. Lot of exciting bit has happened. 
One is we have got your approval and we are going ahead with the new factory for 
building materials in Eastern zone, so that's one step, a small but very clear step that 
we will be taking on that. We are growing in pipes. We are increasing our product 
availability getting into newer types of SKUs of pipes. That is definitely going to 
reward us in going future. There's a lot of room for pipes to grow and we will do 
everything to do that. It has been slow in H1 but because of COVID in Q1 and then 
in incessant rains that happened in Q2 we have been slow in H1, but we have grown 
over last year and now, putty season is now and this month I must say it's looking 
very good, so putty will also be growing. Parador everything, every planning is in 
place to double Parador from where it is today in the next 4 to 5 years’ time and that's 
another part of the $1 billion story. We have just been crippled by what I'll say is a 
transient problem which will go through on raw material availability, but we'll be back 
once again. I do not see anything that will keep us back from that story. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
The first thing I'd like to understand is how is the pricing trend in the roofing business 
now? Because you did mention that Q2 did see you some price cutting by 
competitors, that's still continuing? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Sadly yes. It's still continuing, and it will be prudent to say I would have assumed a 
lot more robust approach there but if see our competitors are adding new plants. I 
can't blame them if they want to take more markets, who crystallize their own plans. 
The question is at what price, question is at what profitability but that's for them to 
handle. What pushes us therefore more is how do I not reduce price and still maintain 
my leadership and market positioning? Far more activities are going on digitally, 
tehsil mapping, the PIN code mapping that we have done. Lot more drive into 
influencer segment the last leg connect that we are doing with the meetings. I think 
all of that as whatever the others are doing, I will say is helping us to even form us 
our plans better and be in the market better, so I don't think we will be as exposed 
as they are. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
The next question I have is as while we understand the challenges that you're facing 
in the flooring business and obviously as you've identified in detail the alternate 
suppliers that we're searching for, but we'll be able to maintain last year’s revenue 
or it's hard to see at this point in time considering demand is there, but we are unable 
to supply? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
If your question is whether we will be able to reach last year's revenue, that's the 
aim. So, till now we are very much on track for the last year’s revenue in H1. The 
aim is exactly that we don't want to let go the revenue. Profitability is another 
question. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
While you’ve highlighted that you've taken 12% to 13% price hike in H1 in stages, is 
it possible to quantify what is the incremental amount of price hike we would have to 
take to neutralize the increase in costs that we've had to face? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
That's not an easy question because Parador has lots of SKU’s and each one has a 
differential model of costs and price, very difficult for me to answer. Ideally if I take 
another 5% maybe I would have been able to equate things that's only ideally 
speaking again. It depends on what products and what orders I take from which 
horizon, which geography and everything else. There's a lot more there's a very 
strategic calculation tool that we use now with Parador so that we keep a glimpse on 
profitability at the time of picking the orders, but our attempt is that while the prices 
are still not showing down how can we raise, all the materials are not showing down 
how can we raise further on NSR those attempts are going on. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And just one last question. Once everything normalizes in the flooring solutions 
business what do we feel would be a sustainable margin in that business? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
We are absolutely committed as an organization. We picked up this company with 
7% EBITDA margin. Sorry, I don't have the PBT numbers with me, but 7% EBITDA 
margins. We had come to 11.5% EBITDA last year end and I had committed to you 
that 10% is what you should take on a normalized basis for Parador as we will grow 
this company and I stick to that. We are going to be back but give us a quarter and 
a half more. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agarwal from Tusk Investments. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
So, my question is around the target of HIL trying to become a one-stop solution of 
building materials provider. HIL was initially a roofing company and now expanding 
to multiple products in parts of roofing business and in building materials. So how 
does HIL plan to utilize that distribution network and use outsourcing models for 
creating new products, launching new products in the market and improve the 
working capital requirements? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
We are absolutely going to be one-stop building materials $1 billion Company and 
that we are going to achieve. The whole team is signed up to it and I do not see that 
as an issue at all. There will be these kinds of problems some quarter. Last 4-5 
quarters have been very good from HIL’s perspective. This quarter has been a bit 
hard because of Parador. Next quarter also will be slightly pained because of 
Parador, but we will be back once again. Our strength is the last mile connect across 
the country in India. We are going to utilize every bit of it. Evolve, therefore come out 
with products has a meaningful contribution in its distribution and connect with the 
clients. We have come up with for instance you would have read it that we have 
come out with water tanks; where we have a particular trial mode that we are doing. 
We have come out with some other products like primers, Tile adhesives that also 
we are trying and very specific test markets to see how it works. 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
All these products have the Birla brand to it, so it's all under the Birla HIL brand. I 
think none, if I may say, have a Birla connect elsewhere other than us. That's a good 
tool that we have. We are being sold through both our roofing as well as the plumbing 
networks that we have. So, there's a huge synergy, therefore. They're all being 
bought out mostly. So, we are gathering speed and getting contracts done for a 
contract manufacturing at this location and cannot travel beyond a particular 
kilometer because of freight. So, we will have to have lots of them. Therefore, 
working capital will be really less because we'll be mostly doing on the outsourcing 
model where we will be able to sign up with them. CAPEX will be minimal, unless we 
really need something. This will be an efficient model, but they'll have a very finite bit 
that we can do. If we want to go aggressive in any of the products, we'll have to look 
at a different model at a later date but at the moment we want to keep ourselves 
open, kept it to this route and then come out with what's the rational good model to 
take it to the next level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vipul Prasad from Magadh Capital. 
Vipul Prasad: 
I have some questions again on your expansion plan. So, when you talk of $1 billion 
revenue in the next 4-5 years. What is the CAPEX that you're targeting over the next 
3-4 years? Let's say in the next 2 years. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I would say rather than looking at CAPEX let's look at what will be the borrowings 
and debts because it's a mix of CAPEX model and OPEX model that we would be 
doing. I cannot put my finger at the moment on how much will be an organic, how 
much of it has to be inorganic wherever there'll be a need. I would say at the moment 
in India we are debt free. We have been able to clean up entire loans that we took 
for Parador which was taken for 7 years, in 2-2.5 quarter year. The loans in Europe 
is absolutely not a bearing on me because it's at 1.5%-1.75% and it's easily payable 
from the cash flow of Parador. That's not going to be an issue. Therefore, we have 
now a room for any further investment that we want to do organically or inorganically. 
So, we will continue to look at that table if we ask for the business practice. 
Vipul Prasad: 
And when you put these plans on the drawing board you would have some sort of 
number when it comes to return the issuers let’s say ROC or ROE. So even if it's in 
some kind of a range let's say last year probably your ROE was 25% and in fiscal 20 
it was 15%. What kind of numbers would you be looking at? Assuming net sales 
realizations do not change much? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I think there are a few boxes we always tick for ourselves and I'm not talking about 
an initial teething time but more on a stabilized time off of business. Any business 
that we want to go for I don't think we want to go more than 1:1 debt to equity in 
nature like any state. I'm not comfortable with that. That is also far-fetched with an 
EBITDA it should be double figures in stabilized format for any new business that we 
look at. Because we don't want to tarnish the companies EBITDA at any stage, and 
ROCE I think a sustainable 20% looks quite steady from my meaning. These are 
some of the boxes that will always be warning signals to us before we look at any 
investment. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Vipul Prasad: 
Just one more question, you've been very clear about Parador’s target about €350 
million. Out of the total revenue that you are foreseeing about $1 billion what 
percentage will come from roofing and out of that what percentage will come from 
asbestos roofing? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Let me give you a few numbers. I'm just thinking about while I speak it's not on the 
paper. So, roofing will be about Rs.1,500-1,600 crore, building solutions will be about 
Rs.750-800 crore, plumbing solutions will have a pipe of Rs.1,000 crore and putty of 
a Rs.600 crore. Parador we'll do about €350 million, and we will have to look at new 
products new verticals to fill up the rest to make it a Rs.7,000 crore or whatever 
would be the need then. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ishrat Khatri from Omkara Capital. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
I was just evaluating the flooring business the Parador’s numbers. I was trying to 
understand what kind of raw material price increase have we seen because like you 
mentioned we've done about 12% to 13% price hike despite which if we see on a Q-
on-Q basis our gross margins have decreased from 48% to about 40% please correct 
me if I'm wrong. But what kind of raw material price increase have we seen on a Q-
on-Q basis? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
These are different for different products on a ex-work basis we have seen at least 
40% increases in HDF and MDF prices in Parador. We have seen a 7x to 9x increase 
in sea freight for everything that we buy from a distance. We have seen the chemical 
prices shoot up by almost a 100% to 200% depending on what we are looking at. 
Some of the paper that we use for impregnation, those paper prices have also gone 
up so it's a mix of everything. I think overall about €8 to 9 million has been the cost 
increase only on material costs in the first half year in Parador. 
Ishrat Khatri: 
You mentioned that we've done 12%-13% price increase and that was over a period 
of three different increases. So, what percentage of that has already been captured 
in the Q2 prices? Because I understand not all of it has been captured and Q3 will 
be definitely better than Q2 is what we expect. What kind of number has already 
been captured in Q2? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
I don't have that number currently with me, we can always get back to you, but I'll 
say we have taken it in three stages, so not all of it has fully rolled on to Q2. I would 
say about 60% to 70% has rolled on and the rest is already happening as we speak. 
Second point is, does it straight away reflect that we will have a very high profitable 
Q3. No, because material costs haven't started coming down yet and that's why 
that's a very volatile part. We will have to still see where really the hike conveys 
where the way we reach the topmost and then start coming down. I don't believe 
material costs will start coming down before Q4 middle. We will have to, therefore, 
look at even further price-rise if there's a need, so all of that are work in progress on 
the drawing board every day. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question for today which is from the line of Sagar Jethwani from 
Phillip Capital PMS. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
How many channel partners you have added in each segment and how much 
addition we have seen over 1 last year? I think we have 2500 distributors. Can you 
please share break up of that? It will be helpful. My second question is on the 
domestic revenue mix between last Tier II and Tier III towns, if you can share that as 
well? 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
It's a difficult question for me to answer off the board but in my reviews that was very 
clearly understood that we have done about 600 - 700 new acquisitions of last leg 
connect in roofing and about half of that in plumping. Q1 was far more; Q1 was about 
1200 new counters that we have taken, and Q2 was about 700 more. Your question 
on Tier II, Tier III versus Tier I that breakup, I don't have but I think roughly about 
30% of building materials is coming from Tier II, Tier III. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Dhirup Choudhary: 
Thank you. It has been a pleasure interacting with all of you over this call. We thank 
you for taking time out and engaging with us today. We value your continued interest 
and support. I hope I've been able to give you a very transparent view on where your 
organization is and the challenges ahead. Let me once again reassure that every 
minute, every hour of our time goes towards protecting your interest as investors and 
we will continue to deliver what's feasible and more from your organization. Please 
reach out to us if you have any further questions, till then Happy Deepawali to all and 
stay safe. Thank you very much. 
 
