Date: 161" November, 2021 
To, 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1 , 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Re· 
Tribhovandas Bhimii Zaveri Limited. Script Code & 10: 534369 / TBZ 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors I Analysts on 
Friday, 12th November, 2021 at 4.30 p.m. (1ST). A copy of transcript of conference 
call held with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also 
been put up on the Company's Website at www.tbztheoriginal.com. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Niraj Oza 
Head -Legal & Company Secretary 
EncJ: as above 
~NO 127~'\1200/PLC 72598 
2~ '243 ~ 
~l'l' M."'"t><I "OOCJO:II 
912239565001 Ql n4CJ6!>0C 
II .Ill Ol 
,.. ,, , J' 
11 M.fTlrn .1n11,1 ''I 
0223073~li))(Jql,.492!'l!";OOO 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
November 12, 2021 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, Ladies and gentlemen. I am Vikram Moderator for this conference. Welcome to 
the Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited organized by 
Dickenson World IR. At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later we will 
conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question please press “*” 
then “1” on your telephone keypad. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the floor to Ms. Pushpa Mani. Thank you and over to you, ma’am.  
Pushpa Mani: 
Thank you Vikram. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call of TBZ 
Limited for the second quarter and half year ended FY22. Today, on this call the management 
of TBZ will be represented by the Chairman and Managing Director Mr. Shrikant Zaveri and the 
Chief Financial Officer – Mr. Saurav Banerjee. Before we get started, I would like to remind you 
that remarks made today might include some forward-looking statements and actual results 
may vary materially from those contemplated by forward looking statements. Any statement 
we make on this call today is based on our assumptions as of date and we are in no obligation 
to update the statement as a result of new information of future events. I would now invite 
Mr. Shrikant Zaveri to make the opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Shrikant Zaveri: 
Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the earning call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri 
Limited for the second quarter and half year ended FY22. I would like to thank everyone for 
sparing your valuable time and joining us here today. We hope all our stakeholders, customers 
and suppliers are keeping safe and healthy. The quarter was marked by recovery in the demand 
and improvement in consumer sentiments as the economy gradually came out blip of the 
second wave of COVID-19 pandemic. Reduction in COVID cases in wide vaccination coverage 
given a significant boost to the consumer confidence and moral. As the pandemic severity 
seems to have reduced business is progressing during normalcy and the same is reflected in 
the consumer sentiments. All our stores across these geographies are fully operational and the 
number of walk-ins has been very encouraging during the quarter with the new customer walk-
in reaching 65% in August 21.  
 
To tap the market opportunity and keep in mind the strong run up in the demand the company 
specifically invested in brand building and brand promotion across various social media 
platforms. Televisions, print media, outdoor, advertising etc. Our digital campaigns also 
focused on walk-in to stores by a geo local targeting. Community specific and product specific 
campaigns as per the ongoing trends. Various campaigns of Raksha Bandhan, Durga Puja and 

 
Page 2 of 12 
Vara Lakshmi along with Mangala Temple, jewellery collection promotion and as an attractive 
tactical l offer drove customers back to the stores. Moreover, to cater to a young generation 
and working professional we have a special collection to suit their preferences. For us at TBZ 
the customers remain our key focus and we are driven by our customer centric approach 
through continuous innovation in product, product design and consumer friendly tech 
interventions and superior quality at competitive rates.  
 
The outlook for the second half would be financial year is positive with very encouraging trends 
seeing during the ongoing festival and weeding season and TBZ is well positioned to take 
advantage of the same. With this, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO Mr. Saurav 
Banerjee for a quick overview of financial performance during the quarter. Over to Mr. Saurav 
Banerjee. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Thank you sir. Good evening, everybody. I shall first take you through the key highlights of the 
second quarter and half year ended FY21-22 numbers. I shall first read out the quarter numbers 
and then the half numbers for you. Q2 FY22 the total income from operations revenues 
generated in Rs. 456 crores vis-a-vis YoY Q2 FY21 273 crores YoY increase of 67%. Gross profit 
Rs. Rs. 50 crores vis-à-vis Rs.58 crores for the last quarter Q2 a drop of 15% gross margins at 
approximately 11% vis-a-vis 21% for the last quarter last year. EBITDA at about 21 crores vis-a-
vis 41 crores for the last Q2. EBITDA percentage 4.52% vis-a-vis 14.97%, PBT at 9 crores vis-a-
vis 22 crores for the last quarter Q2 FY21. PBT margins at 1.99% vis-a-vis 8%. PAT at 6.62 crores 
vis-a-vis 14 crores for the Q2 FY21. As far as the half year numbers are concerned total income 
generated in 650 crores vis-a-vis 353 crores for last year for H1 a YoY growth of 84% gross profit 
at 72.6 crores vis-a-vis about 67 crores for last year H1 gross margins for H1 FY22 at 11.18% 
vis-a-vis 18.9%. EBITDA at 20 crores vis-a-vis about 32 crores for last half year. EBITDA margins 
at 3.0% vis-a-vis 9.2%, PBT at negative of 3.45 crores vis-a-vis 3.68 crores negative and PAT at 
negative of 2.49 crores for this half year vis-a-vis a negative of 5.0 crores for the last year H1 
FY21. I would now like to invite everybody for the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have a first question from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
So 10 years almost 9 years ago our EBITDA was around 125 crores and I think 10 and 12 months 
is also similar number, so where are we missing the larger story, so there is a huge untapped 
market, GST has happened, everything has happened, but our margin is actually not gone 
better neither has our growth picked up, so where are the levers and where are the 
opportunities that is one and what have we missed in last 9 years that is one second is what is 
the aspiration of management, can our jewellery margin ever be double digits or is it going to 
be in the same range of 5% to 7% in the near future? 

 
Page 3 of 12 
Saurav Banerjee: 
As far as 9 years, 10 years are concerned well that is a very long story and we have spoken 
about it many a times earlier. I would probably refer to focus on what is happening currently 
in the last couple of years or so and more on what is happening right now as we speak. The 
important thing to note as we all know that in the recent past every company and every 
business and the economy has been very adversely affected because of COVID and because of 
the pandemic and the presented lockdowns. So, the numbers that we can see today if you are 
looking at the half year numbers or the EBITDA numbers for the quarter also, I would say it is 
very difficult to make an apple-to-apple comparison with what has happened in the past. In 
terms of half year if you are asking what exactly went wrong well the first quarter has been a 
wash out. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Not half year I am saying can our margin ever become say 9% to 10% in near future and growth 
be comparable to say industry leaders? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes it can so the proof lies in the half year of last year if you see the EBITDA margin for H1 2021 
you will see the EBITDA margin is above 9% so while I am not saying that it will be consistently 
9% or 10% all the time, but to answer your question it is definitely possible to register those 
kind of margins at the EBITDA level that is one thing. Secondly the gross margins have got 
reduced in this quarter once again I do have to refer to the quarter because otherwise, we will 
be speaking out of reference. So, the gold prices, the changes in gold prices impacts the 
jewellery industry the retail jewelry industry from time-to-time whether it is an increase or a 
decrease. So, when we had an increase in gold prices we are seeing that gross margins have 
improved to a certain extent and when the gold prices dropped the gross margins are impacted 
in a negative sense. It happens to virtually all the players in the market, and it is part of the 
overall business scenario which we have to go through as a retail jewelry company. In terms of 
management outlook, we are focused on several things which we are trying to do 
simultaneously which is how the dynamism of the company has to be demonstrated. We are 
very focused on the topline we would like to grow it there has been very efforts which have 
been taken to bring back customers, the footfalls have improved, conversion rate has improved 
and you can see that the overall revenues or the top line of the company has improved over 
what was it earlier. In terms of expenses, we have taken several steps in the last one year or 
little more than one year rationalized expenses to bring down overhead and that also has 
resulted in higher margins at the EBITDA level which I just mentioned to you about. The third 
thing is that the balance sheet has been strengthened very, very substantially. There has been 
a very strategic rationalization of inventory, there has been lot of cash flow generated from 
paying up off inventory and which has helped us in reducing the debt. The debts have been 
reduced very substantially; finance cost has come down. So, overall, I would say there are 
various clear indicators that the company is focused on right areas for improving its business 
as well as the financial numbers over a period of whether you can say a short term or a medium 
term or a long-term kind of a scenario. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Any aspirational margin that you have in mind that you will reach say in one to two years? 

 
Page 4 of 12 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Are you referring to EBITDA margins.  
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Yes, EBITDA margins. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, EBITDA margins aspirations there is no end to aspirations, but to be practical as well as 
aspirational I would say that EBITDA margin which are in the range of 7% to 9% is something 
which is very achievable, and we should be able to demonstrate that consistently in the near 
future. Above that difficult to say at this stage I mean the aspirations will always be there, but 
7% to 9% I think is something which I can sort of practically and emphatically say that kind of 
range of EBITDA margin is very much possible.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Harish Shah from HS Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Harish Shah: 
We have seen a reduction in interest cost at what revenue run rate can we see our company 
profit to the extent you can fund your expansion and distribute the profits? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Finance cost has you have rightly indicated has been reduced and we have taken lot of efforts 
to do so. In terms of revenue as I said that the numbers that we are currently reporting or 
discussing perhaps are not the ideal or the normal kind of numbers they have been impacted 
because of circumstances beyond everybody’s control. So, in terms of revenue generation I 
think TBZ can look at levels of 1,900 to 2,000 crores for sure and then an expansion plan in 
mind which is very much there given the opportunities that are sort of forthcoming and one 
can see that there will be good reason to expand in the very near future one can say that sales-
to-sales growth added with new stores coming up should take the revenue levels to above 
2,000 crores probably at about 2,100 crores, 2,200 crores at some point of time not too distant 
future. So, it is very difficult to really pinpoint and say a date and time or a month, but as I said 
that within probably a medium term kind of a scenario we should be looking at those levels of 
revenues which will be a combination of sales-to-sales growth which we are already able to 
see, we can clearly see the kind of growth that is coming the business is bouncing back, we are 
reaching almost normalcy levels nowadays and along with that we can also see that there are 
opportunities now that the economy is stabilizing, consumer centric are quite positive. As you 
said that you know there is a lot to be done within India itself geographical locations that we 
would like to cover or we would like to extent our reach too and we have taken note of the 
same we have sort of plan to progress in mind and once we go ahead with that you will be able 
to see that we shall be reporting those kind of robust top lines.  
Harish Shah: 
So, what is the ideal inventory term as like that the company is targeting this is with respect to 
both our diamond as well as gold jewelry business we have just seen that it has remained 
stagnant quite for some time and my second question is what is your strategy to improve your 
turnover ratio? 

 
Page 5 of 12 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, in terms of ideal inventory term if you ask me for gold, it will be close to three times 
somewhere in the high two and close to three or maybe in three. Incidentally let me tell you 
that all stores do not perform and the same level of efficiency or capabilities because of various 
reasons, because of the geographical market, because of the consumer sentiments that are 
probably localized, but we have stores and several of them who have an inventory term which 
is higher than 3 also for gold. So, I would say ideally somewhere in the 2.7 to 3 range should be 
not beyond us. One can obviously do better than that also. In terms of diamond, I would 
probably stay at 1 to 1.2 times which can be taken as sort of an ideal kind of turn for diamond. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from Arihant Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Can you throw some light on the consumer sentiment how it is happening right now because 
yesterday there was a report some media so we are having 1,25,000 wedding in next month so 
how the things are shaping up obviously the Mumbai we have actually opened up much later 
right now relatively some of the other states right now and any cost cutting thing because some 
of the stores may not be profitable, so are you planning to close down some of the stores or 
some store rationalization happening and on the online sales also if you can throw some light 
on the same? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, consumer sentiment we have seen a very clear and positive improvement in consumer 
sentiments and obviously the reasons are well known. One is that opening of the economy 
enabling a lot of mobility within the country because the lockdowns were gradually listed, 
COVID second wave was very severe, but after that it has sort of come down to a certain extent. 
The vaccination drive which has been fairly successive in India so far, I think these have clearly 
contributed to customers becoming more confident and coming out and doing their purchases 
or whatever their requirements were. So, that has been clearly seen in the retail jewellery 
space and in TBZ as well. Walk-in are clearly gone up even in the second quarter. One needs to 
remember that second quarter is oppose to be I would say a rather flat kind of a quarter in the 
jewellery industry, but in spite of that we have seen because of the demand pent up demand 
we have seen that our new customer walk-in has increased by almost 51% in some of the recent 
months and even those customers who had become dormant as I said people went into their 
shell because of the fear of infection and various other reason about 14% to 15% of those 
customers also has started coming back to the stores and starting making questions. This is 
very clearly seen you can see that the top line growth is there I must also add that in October 
and so far in November the festive occasions like Dussehra, Dhanteras, Guru Pushya Nakshatra, 
Durga Puja, Varalakshmi and the run up from let us say Dussehra right up to Dhanteras and 
Diwali have seen very good growth a lot of revenue generation, footfall conversion everything 
has really spiked up and hence that gives us a lot of confidence that the scenario are getting 
their stores to those original kind of levels where one can generate revenue and can expect a 
lot of customer interaction, not just the festivities, but lot of weddings you also touched upon 
that point. Yes that is true lots of wedding dates in December itself for which purchases are 

 
Page 6 of 12 
already happened would have happened in October as well as happening in November so 
people tend to make their purchases and finish those activities well before the weeding days 
borrowing some last-minute purchases and also going into the next calendar year let us say 
there are weddings dates which will be lined up and coming up. So, I think the scenario looks 
very buoyant from now onwards we have the opportunity, we have the brand, we have the 
legacy, and we have a customer base to cash in upon and come out with I would say very 
encouraging numbers in terms or revenue generation that is one thing. Number two you 
wanted to know something about online sales.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes.  
Saurav Banerjee: 
So online sales it is part and parcel of today’s day-to-day life while in jewelry online sales is 
happening and that is a very encouraging sign, but perhaps you know the customer at least in 
India are still probably a little more comfortable in going across to a store with their near and 
dear ones and just making a purchase on a physical kind of a format. When there was no such 
activity possible at that time, we are seeing a lot of online interaction and traction happening 
with the customers and with the TBZ retail team and that was very encouraging at that time. 
However, the moment the customers have sort of got an opportunity to come out of their 
home and visit the stores I think the preference is still there for a brick-and-mortar kind of a 
setup and it is justified by some of the other companies who were purely online at one point 
of time I will not name them they are very well known companies and they have also opened 
several stores, brick and mortar stores and we can see people going to those stores also. So, 
online sales of jewelry is something which is happening probably not yet matured it will take 
fairly I would say long time for maturity levels to be reached in terms of online sales, but the 
journey has begun, and which is very encouraging we are present online on several platforms 
so we can see that gradually things are becoming little more interesting on that front.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir two more questions if you can take it one is basically what has been changed in organized 
and unorganized in last 18 months, 24 months do you see we are going to be benefitted more 
going forward with the government making it mandatory BISL certification do you see any 
change in the demand going forward? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes organized and unorganized sector in the jewelry industry has definitely witnessed the C 
change not just in the last 24 months, but even earlier also the gradual change has always been 
happening for about like three, four years now and one can see that the unorganized sector is 
probably because of the regulations, the nature of the business which is currently being 
conducted or being regulated by the government through various modes you spoke about BIS 
hallmarking, GST is there and several other I would say mandatory rules or laws that have to 
be abided by. The unorganized sector is finding it a bit challenging to do business in this kind 
of an environment. There are mom and pop shop which are struggling, or which probably has 
already closed and bring something else and there has been some kind of consolidation which 
is also happening. So, the organized sector is something that is doing better. It is the preferred 

 
Page 7 of 12 
sector for customers as well because the aspirations in most of the places is to buy branded 
jewelry to associated themselves with a brand or with a name which is well known, which is 
trustworthy and which is ever reliable. So, I think that is clearly seen not just in the metro cities 
or the big cities, but more so I would say in the two tier and three tier cities where the 
aspirations for owning a branded piece of jewelry is at a very high level nowadays. So, that is 
very encouraging for the organized sector I am quite sure that a combination of the regulatory 
efforts of the government as well as the overall environment and the preference of the 
customers will need to this sector becoming stronger and stronger.  
Abhishek Jain: 
And sir sorry I have been repetitive can you give me the volume numbers, can you give me the 
online sales in terms of value? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Online sales well very frankly as I said it will be a small percentage of our total number. So, 
perhaps not worth mentioning I can clearly tell you that it will be a small number maybe going 
forward by the time this financial year ends probably that is the better time I am not saying 
right time, but better time to try and look at what kind of progress has been made on the online 
front. Right now, it will be a small number.  
Abhishek Jain: 
But sir as we have seen like company like Melorra and there are two, three other companies 
are there right now they have been very aggressive right now so do not you think the kind of 
brand we are having right now we should take that thing as an advantage or vis-a-vis 
competitors 
Saurav Banerjee: 
As I said that we are present online there is a lot of effort being put to enhance our presence 
and our revenue what should I say generation efforts online, but as I said it is a journey it cannot 
happen very quickly Melorra and some of the other names that you mentioned are primarily 
online companies, their entire business model is around that. We are not primarily online 
company. So, our business model has that capability and have also that section is there, that 
part is there, but as I said it is a relatively smaller part may be over a period of time, we should 
be able to make our presence felt even stronger online platform.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir last question do you see among all the areas which you have a presence like all over country 
like 31 stores in 25 cities which are the areas we are getting the maximum traction right now 
at this point of time maybe in the like geography wise if you can throw some light on the same 
and second thing any close down of store is there right now as part of restructuring or you 
want to like 31 stores will remain 31 and you obviously want to go ahead going expansion only? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, no close down of stores are planned or are going to happen currently. In fact, as I said little 
bit earlier, we are looking at opportunities to grow and expand by opening new stores in new 
geographies within India. As far as your question the first question the earlier question that 
you asked in terms of geographical presence as of now TBZ presence is relatively stronger in 
the western part of the country particularly in Gujarat and Maharashtra and hence obviously 

 
Page 8 of 12 
naturally a greater percentage of sales is generated from these two states or stores in these 
two states. However, we are fairly-well entrenched although not too many stores, but we are 
well entrenched in places like Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Kolkata in the eastern sector Patna and 
some of the cities in the central part of India as well as in the northern part in Noida and 
Udaipur. So, the geographical spread is there, there are of course areas which wherein we are 
currently not present but let us say we are looking at opportunities to spread our wings in those 
areas also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Mihir Desai from Desai Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Desai: 
Can you throw some light on your plans for brand building and promotion going ahead? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Brand building and promotion is an activity which is I would say absolutely mandatory or 
essentially to retail jewelry company considering the kind of market place that we exist in and 
the kind of competition that is around us whether in the form of national player or the regional 
players or even the local strong local single store players. So, I think the focus has always been 
on marketing initiatives. If you look at our presentation, we have dedicated one full fly or one 
full page to some of the campaigns or some of the efforts that have been taken. So, there are 
two aspects to it one is the brand building kind of activity, which is more long term, which is 
more spread out over a longer period of time, and it is a continuous effort to strengthen the 
brand to communicate with customer or tell our story or whatever we have to offer to them 
to reach those customers by way of a very effective communication. So, TBZ has done that 
quite effectively in the past and in future also you will see we try and use media vehicles as 
well as various other methods of reaching out to customers either on a one-on-one basis or on 
a general public kind of a vehicles so we have taken the help of print media, outdoor once a 
while television as and when we have thought it right, radio, digital efforts have been put and 
also on the other hand as I said the individualistic kind of or the personal kind of connect by 
having exhibition or taking the store sort of literally taking the store to a residential area or to 
a society or to a corporate office or some club or some such place where a lot of people can 
gather and they can interact with our retail team and look at our jewelry and buy them. We 
hold exhibitions in cities where we are not currently present to sort of give them a flavor of 
what TBZ is all about and we have seen that these exhibitions have been successful over a 
period. Just to share with you various things that we have done is that we have been very active 
on Facebook and Instagram, we have driven walk-in to the stores through local targeting as I 
said communities specific and product specific campaign. India is a very vast country the kind 
of jewelry that people like in India is very varied from one region to another, one state to 
another, one city to another and TBZ has been able to cater to that kind of demands or 
aspirations of people. So, overall, and also the tactical campaigns. So, there is a short-term kind 
of an effort and a long term. So, the short-term kind of effort is defined by the tactical 
campaigns, by the offers that are communicated from time-to-time looking at a particular 
festival or trying to attract a particular community or a regional kind of an effort which is done 

 
Page 9 of 12 
we use vernacular language also to communicate as well as the English and Hindi language 
which is sort of a universal kind of a language. So, briefly this is what the efforts are and will 
continue to be for TBZ we will look at innovating ways of communication. So, they key is that 
we have to be customer centric, and we have to communicate effectively and well for people 
to understand what we are saying no ambiguity, no false promises, say things direct and in an 
efficient manner so that people understand, and they visit our stores and the make the 
purchases. 
Mihir Desai: 
My next question would be on a cost front like so many activities which we are doing on 
advertising side, so what could be the spent which we can consider for coming quarters or the 
second half of the year? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, let me share some of the numbers of course they are somewhere in the presentation or 
maybe on the P&L. Currently we have spent about 11 odd crores in the first and the second 
quarter the advertising spends have been approximately around 11 odd crores. What we 
intend to do of course this is I will say on a broad-based basis the advertising marketing team 
will probably look at the final points of advertising, but we shall continue to use the media 
advertising as I said which is effective for TBZ. So, many times people feel that why are you not 
there on television, you are not there on the outdoors or maybe you are not doing digital 
enough and that is all kind of a guess work. What we need to look at and what we do look as a 
company which is that vehicle or which is that platform, which is more suitable for the 
company. So, we will continue focus on those things in terms of advertising spends for me it is 
a little difficult for me to say exactly what is going to happen, but I suppose that we should be 
looking at the similar kind of spent. For example, the quick view to spent I think about 7 to 8 
crores, and we will be looking at that kind of spends if required in the forthcoming quarters as 
well. As I said everything is based on requirement on based on what we need to achieve in the 
short term or long-term measures.  
Mihir Desai: 
One last question was on the can you please share what did the share of studded and gold 
jewelry share in our festive season? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I mean festive season if you are referring to Dussehra, Diwali, Dhanteras then that is technically 
Quarter 3 and we shall certainly discuss that in the next quarter results, but just to give you a 
flavor the share has been fairly I would say encouraging. Normally what we look at is a share 
between gold and diamond and if you look at our presentation you will find that during the 
pandemic or the earlier month and even during the Q2 the share of gold has been relatively 
higher than that of the diamond, I mean relatively higher from what the usual share is. So, 
coming to the festive occasion diamond have sold very well, gold obviously sell extremely well 
in any kind of a festive occasion I think we are back to about 75-25 or 76-24,  76 being gold and 
24 being diamond. Earlier it was a little more skew towards gold it was at about 79-21. 

 
Page 10 of 12 
Mihir Desai: 
Sir lastly like as we are noticing that there is a revenge buying in certain sectors like textiles or 
something of that sort, so do we see such kind of revenge buying or jewellery too are we 
noticing that? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I will not call it revenge buying as such because that is a very odd term to use for any industry 
I think, but we have clearly seen is that yes whatever pent up demand which has been there 
and the requirements that the customer could not sort of fulfill in terms of their budget, in 
terms of whatever purchases they wanted to make, lots of weddings got postponed or got 
cancelled and they are being rescheduled all that is happening, the festive occasions were 
there, but nobody could celebrate because of obvious reasons. So, I think from that point of 
view very clearly, we can see some kind of an upswing very strong upswing I would say in terms 
of walk-in, in terms of new customers, in terms of old customers who were dormant who are 
coming back and the kind of conversations that are happening from walk-in. So, yes very clearly 
that demand I would rather use the word demand is very much there and I think it will continue 
throughout this financial year. I do not know whether you call it revenge or something, but the 
demand is definitely there and it is being cater to.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question is from the line of Ravi Kumar he is an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ravi Kumar: 
I had two questions for you first one what is the company today debt may position and second 
what is the company future expansion plan for new stores? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
So, the company’s debt as on 30th September is 407 crores. It was 373 crores for March. There 
is a slight increase in the debt level 407 crores which has been necessitated because of the 
plans buildup of inventory that we normally do before a festive and wedding season begins. 
So, towards the month of September the inventory levels are sort of relooked at whatever 
levels are required to cater to the high demand which is mostly generated during the October 
to November, December this period that is why this inventory level has to be increased to that 
kind of levels and for that some kind of debt have gone up, but what will happen is that once 
the revenues are generated and sales and collections happens then in all probabilities the debt 
levels will again start coming down to the earlier levels or close to the earlier levels. So, that is 
the first question which you had. The second question you are saying in terms of expansion we 
are already working on an expansion plans, we are looking at scenario where we can open a 
combination of own stores as well as franchise stores in some of the cities which we have 
identified, the list is ready in fact we would have expanded earlier also, but you will appreciate 
in last one and half or maybe two years or one and half years for sure there was absolutely no 
opportunity to expand and probably not the right time. Now that things are improved and 
there is a more confident footing. We are looking at somewhere maybe in the fourth quarter 
or probably next financial year beginning of next financial year where we shall look at or we 
shall take the path of expansion. The stores will be of various sizes depending on the market 
and on the demand, which is there in those markets, but it may be a combination of even 

 
Page 11 of 12 
smaller stores, medium size stores which the company will operate as well as we shall looking 
at franchise partners to operate some of the stores.  
Ravi Kumar: 
My next question is last 45 days their second quarter will be start how the last 45 days of third 
quarter in performance of festival season sir? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
You are asking last the 45 days which has gone up.  
Ravi Kumar: 
The festival of Dhanteras and Diwali? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Yes sure. So, we have witnessed is that complete different kind of scenario from what it was 
couple of months back or three, four months back. Customers have been coming back in 
absolute hoards I would say there has been a huge kind of demand which has been generated 
Dussehra, Dhanteras and the entire stretch the period between Dussehra or Durga puja up to 
Dhanteras and Diwali. We have seen the revenue generation very similar to what it was in 
1920. So, that should give you an indication that the numbers are almost equal or close to what 
it was financial year 1920 when fortunately, there was no COVID or nobody really knew about 
COVID. So, we have seen those kind of numbers coming back and which is very encouraging for 
us. So, the growth has been quite phenomenon and very different from what it was as I said in 
the past few months or even last year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from Arihant Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Just a small thing 2,000 crore which we earn to aspire any timeline for the same sir? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
As I said that one is there are two ways of doing this. One is the same store sales growth which 
is clearly happening now. We are talking about the Q2 and H1 numbers right now why I am 
saying this is not because of the number, but we are looking at a timeframe where we have to 
wait and see where we reach by the end of this financial year. We have a fairly good idea of 
where we are going to reach which is what will demonstrate the sales to sales growth. After 
that there will be two tracks one is the expansion which is like actual opening of stores which I 
just now said that we are sort of looking at finalization of our plants in terms of what we want 
to do, where we want to open the stores, which city, which state, which location once those 
plans are in place then the actual activity of implementation of store expansion will begin. So, 
that will happen may be in the end of Q4 or Q1 of next year and when we have at least one 
year run you will have to give us a one year run where a new store opens a minimum of one 
year run is required to even ascertain where we are heading in terms of those new stores to 
get them to be stable or sort of breakeven that kind of scenario. So, that is why I am saying that 
looking at all these things we can look at probably 2023 end and somewhere there we should 
be able to look at the numbers that I sort of suggested to you.  

 
Page 12 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
I just have one strategic question so first of all why not have a plan of taking the exiting store 
ROC above 15 because that is the model that will be replicated in new stores and obviously it 
will also become very, very easy for us or without taking that expansion and our ROC remains 
in single digits and our growth goes up then it will be very risky situation that you would not 
have much freedom to innovate our experiment, so why not first half ROC which clearly 
communicated so that we can have a risk averse, but great quality of growth? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Totally agree with you and in fact while I would not have really spoken about the nitty-gritty, 
but that is completely a part of our strategic planning which is happening. So, sure assured that 
we are looking into that, and we obviously want the existing stores to give us those kinds of 
returns that you are talking about that is given. Since the questions were around what kind of 
expansion plans do you have. So, I was sort of explaining that, but completely agree and I am 
with you on this, and you will see that we will be able to demonstrate that at some point of 
time and not too far away I would say.  
Pranav Tendulkar: 
So, any aspirational ROC that you have in mind? 
Saurav Banerjee: 
I will not say 15% or 14% I would rather say that let us drop the double-digit numbers first and 
then we look at from where we hit upwards from there on.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand over the 
conference to Ms. Pushpa Mani for closing comments. Over to you, ma’am. 
Pushpa Mani: 
Thank you everyone for joining us for call today. In case you have any further questions, you 
can get back to us or coordinates provided in the investor presentation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you to the members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining with 
us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
