 
ICICI Bank Limited 
ICICI Bank Towers 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051, India. 
Tel.: (91-22) 2653 1414 
Fax: (91-22) 2653 1122 
Website www.icicibank.com 
CIN.: L65190GJ1994PLC021012 
Regd. Office: ICICI Bank Tower, 
Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road 
Vadodara 390007. India 
 
 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Earnings call for quarter results ended December 31, 2021 
  
This is further to our letter dated January 21, 2022 on the captioned subject.  
  
Please find attached the transcript of the analyst call for ICICI Bank’s Q3-2022 results. The 
same has also been uploaded on the Bank’s website. 
  
Please take the above information on record. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For ICICI Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Ranjan  
Chief Manager 
 
   
Encl. : As Above 
 
 
 
 
Vivek 
Ranjan
Digitally signed by Vivek Ranjan 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=e202014091290741f727
6b0e49a399ab80befeea1d60c04e
92c73037bebb2901, 
postalCode=400705, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6db6a9f19dc6558
191cafc901bde18c0194ae87dd3ff
4bfdcbc9961d94e56cea, 
cn=Vivek Ranjan 
Date: 2022.01.31 16:40:44 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 28 
ICICI Bank Limited 
 
Earnings conference call - Quarter ended December 31, 2022 (Q3-2022) 
 
January 22, 2022 
 
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter 
alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking 
statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws 
including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-
looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory 
changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic 
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non-
performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, 
equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the 
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for 
banking products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our 
exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, and the impact of the 
Covid-19 pandemic which could result in fewer business opportunities, lower 
revenues, and an increase in the levels of non-performing assets and provisions, 
depending inter alia upon the period of time for which the pandemic extends, the 
remedial measures adopted by governments and central banks, and the time taken 
for economic activity to resume at normal levels after the pandemic, as well as 
other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are 
based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this 
release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements 
to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could 
affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at 
www.sec.gov. 
 
This release does not constitute an offer of securities. 
 
 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICICI Bank Q3 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 28 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi -- Managing Director and CEO of 
ICICI Bank. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Bakhshi: 
 
Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings Call to discuss the 
results for Q3 of FY2022. Joining us today on this call are Vishakha, Anup, Sandeep Batra, 
Rakesh and Anindya.  
We hope that you are safe and in good health.  
The Bank’s Ultra Frequency Index, comprising several high frequency indicators tracked 
by our Economic Research Group rose from 110.3 in end-October to 117.6 in December, 
indicating a sustained improvement in economic activity. This was on the back of 
improvement in indicators such as power demand, rail freight revenues, e-way bill 
generation and labour force participation. While there has been a sharp rise in Covid-19 
cases in recent weeks, the impact of the third wave has been mild so far. Vaccination 
coverage has continued to increase and the Government of India has recently expanded 
the vaccination programme to the age bracket of 15 to 18 and announced a precautionary 
third dose of vaccine for identified categories. While the trajectory of the pandemic is still 
evolving and the recent increase in cases has slowed the pace of economic activities in 
January, we expect the economy to regain momentum as this wave abates. We would like 
to thank the medical and health workers’ fraternity for their tireless effort in this fight 
against Covid-19.  
At ICICI Bank, we aim to create holistic value propositions for our customers through our 
360-degree customer-centric approach and focus on opportunities across client and 
segment ecosystems. Our cross-functional teams seek to tap into key customer and 
market segments, enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increase in wallet 
share. We aim to steadily grow our business within our strategic framework and 
strengthen our franchise, delivery, and servicing capabilities, backed by a range of digital 
initiatives.  
Coming to the quarterly performance against this framework: 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 28 
First- Growth in the core operating profit in a risk-calibrated manner through 
the focused pursuit of target market segments.  
The core operating profit increased by 24.9% year-on-year to 100.60 billion Rupees in this 
quarter. The profit after tax grew by 25.4% year-on-year to 61.94 billion Rupees in this 
quarter. 
Second-Further enhancing our strong deposit franchise 
Growth in deposits was 16.4% year-on-year at December 31, 2021. During the quarter, 
average current account deposits increased by 33.7% year-on-year and average savings 
account deposits by 24.7% year-on-year. The liquidity coverage ratio for the quarter was 
130%, reflecting continued surplus liquidity. Our cost of deposits continues to be among 
the lowest in the system.    
Third-Growing our loan portfolio in a granular manner with a focus on risk and reward 
The retail loan portfolio grew by 18.6% year-on-year and 5.1% sequentially at December 
31, 2021. Disbursements across various retail products increased or were at a similar level 
compared to the previous quarter. The business banking portfolio grew by 38.5% year-
on-year and 8.8% sequentially at December 31, 2021. The SME portfolio grew by 34.2% 
year-on-year and 9.7% sequentially. 
The growth in the domestic corporate portfolio was 12.5% year-on-year and 9.0% 
sequentially at December 31, 2021. The growth was driven by disbursements to well-rated 
corporates and in line with our risk framework.  
The domestic loan portfolio grew by 17.9% year-on-year and 6.5% sequentially. The 
overall loan portfolio grew by 16.4% year-on-year and 6.4% sequentially at December 31, 
2021. 
Fourth-Leveraging digital across our business  
Our digital platforms are continuously evolving with the objective of creating end-to-end 
seamless digital journeys, offering personalised solutions and value added features to 
customers and enabling more effective data-driven cross-sell and up-sell. Our open 
architecture based mobile banking app, iMobile Pay, offers a wide variety of products, 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 28 
services and features and helps us to acquire new customers. The growth in our SME and 
business banking portfolios has been driven by our digital offerings and platforms like 
InstaBIZ and Merchant Stack. Our solutions for corporates comprising our various modular 
platforms, and our extensive client coverage have supported the growth in our average 
current account deposits. Process decongestion across products and customer segments 
is a key element of our strategy. We had made detailed presentations on these areas at 
our analyst day in December and have shared some details in slides 18 to 31 of the investor 
presentation.  
Fifth - Protecting the balance sheet from potential risks  
Net NPAs declined by 10.0% sequentially to 73.44 billion Rupees at December 31, 2021 
from 81.61 billion Rupees at September 30, 2021. The net NPA ratio declined to 0.85% at 
December 31, 2021 from 0.99% at September 30, 2021. During the quarter, there were net 
deletions from gross NPAs of 1.91 billion Rupees, excluding write-offs and sale. The total 
provisions during the quarter were 20.07 billion Rupees or 20.0% of core operating profit 
and 1.01% of average advances. The provision coverage ratio on NPAs was 79.9% at 
December 31, 2021. In addition, the Bank continues to hold Covid-19 provisions of 64.25 
billion Rupees or about 0.8% of total loans as of December 31, 2021.   
Sixth- Maintaining a strong capital base  
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of 17.64% at 
December 31, 2021, including profits for 9M of 2022. The Tier 1 ratio was 18.81% and the 
total capital adequacy ratio was 19.79% at December 31, 2021. Further, the market value 
of the Bank’s investments in listed entities of the Group is about 940 billion Rupees. 
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to grow our core operating profit in a risk-
calibrated manner. We are reimagining customer journeys with personalised and omni-
channel experiences. Our ecosystem-based approach helps our customers to manage 
their business across the value chain efficiently, and has created new opportunities for us 
across businesses. We are investing in analytics capabilities and technology to enhance 
our offerings to customers and to build a robust future-ready architecture. We continue to 
be guided by the twin principles of “One Bank, One RoE”, emphasising the goal of 
maximizing our share of target market across all products and services and “Fair to 
Customer, Fair to Bank”, emphasising the need to deliver fair value to customers while 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 28 
creating value for shareholders. We remain focused on delivering consistent and 
predictable returns to our shareholders.  I now hand the call over to Rakesh. 
 Rakesh Jha: 
 
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about balance sheet growth, credit quality, P&L details, growth 
in digital offerings, portfolio trends and performance of subsidiaries.  
A. Balance sheet growth 
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the growth across 
retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 23.3% year-on-year, rural loans by 9.4% 
and auto loans by 11.9%. The commercial vehicles and equipment portfolio declined by 
2.8% year-on-year. Growth in the personal loan and credit card portfolio was 25.3% year-
on-year. This portfolio was 797.63 billion Rupees or 9.8% of the overall loan book at 
December 31, 2021.  
The overseas loan portfolio declined by 5.5% year-on-year and grew by 5.1% sequentially 
at December 31, 2021. The sequential increase in the overseas loan portfolio was primarily 
due to increase in the India-linked trade finance book. The overseas loan portfolio was 
5.0% of the overall loan book at December 31, 2021. The non-India linked corporate 
portfolio reduced by 57.8% or about 941 million US Dollars year-on-year and 15.8% or 
about 129 million US Dollars sequentially, at December 31, 2021. We have provided the 
breakup of our overseas corporate portfolio on slide 16 of the investor presentation.   
Coming to the funding side: average savings account deposits increased by 24.7% year-
on-year and 5.2% sequentially. Average current account deposits increased by 33.7% 
year-on-year and 11.9% sequentially. This quarter the flows related to IPOs and capital 
markets were high and contributed to the average current account balances. Total term 
deposits grew by 12.1% year-on-year to 5.4 trillion Rupees at December 31, 2021.  
B. Credit quality  
During the quarter, there were net deletions from gross NPAs of 1.91 billion Rupees 
compared to net additions of 0.96 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. There were net 
additions of 1.26 billion Rupees to gross NPAs in the retail and business banking portfolios 
and net deletions of 3.17 billion Rupees to gross NPAs in the corporate and SME portfolios.  

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 28 
The gross NPA additions declined to 40.18 billion Rupees in the current quarter from 72.31 
billion Rupees in Q1 and 55.78 billion Rupees in Q2 this year. The gross NPA additions 
from the retail and business banking portfolio were 38.53 billion Rupees and from the 
corporate and SME portfolio were 1.65 billion Rupees. There were gross NPA additions of 
about 6.14 billion Rupees from the kisan credit card portfolio in the current quarter. We 
typically see higher NPA additions from the kisan credit card portfolio in the first and third 
quarter of a fiscal year. 
Recoveries and upgrades from NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were 42.09 billion 
Rupees. There were recoveries and upgrades of 37.27 billion Rupees from the retail and 
business banking portfolio and 4.82 billion Rupees from the corporate and SME portfolio. 
The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 40.88 billion Rupees. The Bank sold 
gross NPAs amounting to 1.05 billion Rupees in Q3 of 2022 on a cash basis. 
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was 36.38 
billion Rupees as of December 31, 2021 compared to 37.14 billion Rupees at September 
30, 2021. The Bank holds provisions amounting to 19.57 billion Rupees as of December 
31, 2021 on this non-fund based outstanding. 
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers, under resolution as per various 
guidelines was 96.84 billion Rupees or about 1.2% of the total loan portfolio at December 
31, 2021. Of the total fund based outstanding under resolution at December 31, 2021, 64.74 
billion Rupees was from the retail and business banking portfolio and 32.10 billion Rupees 
was from the corporate and SME portfolio. The Bank holds provisions of 24.36 billion 
Rupees against these borrowers, which is higher than the requirement as per RBI 
guidelines. Over 95% of the loans under resolution in the retail and business banking 
portfolio are secured loans.       
C. P&L Details 
Net interest income increased by 23.4% year-on-year to 122.36 billion Rupees. Interest on 
income tax refund was 1.81 billion Rupees this quarter compared to 0.30 billion Rupees in 
the previous quarter and 1.96 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year. The net interest margin was 
at 3.96% in this quarter compared to 4.00% in the previous quarter and 3.67% in Q3 of 
last year. The impact of interest on income tax refund on net interest margin was 6 bps in 
Q3 of this year compared to 1 bps in the previous quarter and 7 bps in Q3 of last year. The 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 28 
domestic NIM was at 4.06% this quarter compared to 4.09% in previous quarter and 3.78% 
in Q3 last year. Overseas margins were at 0.28%. The cost of deposits was 3.47% in Q3 
compared to 3.53% in Q2. The sequential decline in net interest margin during the quarter 
was mainly due to decline in yield on advances, partly offset by decline in cost of deposits 
and higher interest on income tax refund. Of the total domestic loans, interest rates on 
38% are linked to repo rate and 7% to other external benchmarks.    
Non-interest income, excluding treasury income, grew by 24.9% year-on-year to 48.99 
billion Rupees in Q3 of 2022  
 
Fee income increased by 19.2% year-on-year to 42.91 billion Rupees in Q3 driven by 
growth across various segments. Fees from retail, business banking and SME 
customers grew by 16.3% year-on-year and constituted about 76% of the total fees in 
this quarter.  
 
Dividend income from subsidiaries and listed entities was 6.03 billion Rupees in this 
quarter compared to 3.56 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year. The dividend income this 
quarter includes interim dividend of ICICI General and higher interim dividend from 
ICICI Securities and ICICI AMC compared to Q3 of last year. 
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 22.4% year-on-year in Q3 partially 
reflecting the slightly lower base of Q3 last year. The employee expenses increased by 
27.4% year-on-year. The Bank had about 102,000 employees at December 31, 2021. The 
employee count has increased by about 9,900 in the last 12 months. Employee expenses 
in Q3 include an impact of about 0.69 billion Rupees due to fair valuation of ESOPs granted 
to all employees post April 1, 2021 for the current quarter as required by RBI guidelines. 
Non-employee expenses increased by 19.9% year-on-year in this quarter primarily due to 
retail business and technology related expenses. We continue to invest in technology to 
enhance our offerings to customers as well as the scalability, flexibility and resilience of 
our technology architecture. The technology expenses were about 8.4% of our operating 
expenses in 9M of 2022. 
The core operating profit increased by 24.9% year-on-year and 5.7% sequentially to 100.60 
billion Rupees in this quarter.  

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 28 
There was a treasury gain of 0.88 billion Rupees in Q3 compared to 3.97 billion Rupees in 
Q2 and 7.66 billion Rupees in Q3 of the previous year. Treasury income in Q3 of last year 
included gains of 3.29 billion Rupees from sale of shares of ICICI Securities.  
The total provisions during the quarter were 20.07 billion Rupees or 20.0% of core 
operating profit and 1.01% of average advances. The provisions this quarter include 4.65 
billion Rupees of higher provision against security receipts and 4.47 billion Rupees of 
higher provision on loans under resolution on a prudent basis. There was no writeback of 
Covid-19 related provisions during the quarter. The provisioning coverage on NPAs 
continued to be robust at 79.9% as of December 31, 2021. In addition, we hold 24.36 billion 
Rupees of provisions on borrowers under resolution and Covid-19 related provisions of 
64.25 billion Rupees. The Covid-19 provisions are about 0.8% of loans. At December 31, 
2021, the total provisions, other than specific provisions on NPAs, were 160.26 billion 
Rupees or 2.0% of loans.  
The profit before tax grew by 33.9% year-on-year to 81.41 billion Rupees in this quarter 
from 60.78 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year. The tax expense was 19.47 billion Rupees in 
this quarter compared to 11.38 billion Rupees in the corresponding quarter last year. The 
profit after tax grew by 25.4% year-on-year to 61.94 billion Rupees in this quarter 
compared to 49.40 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year.  
The consolidated profit after tax was 65.36 billion Rupees this quarter compared to 54.98 
billion Rupees in Q3 of last year.  
D. Growth in digital offerings 
Leveraging digital and technology across businesses is a key element of our strategy of 
growing the risk calibrated core operating profit. We have seen significant increase in the 
adoption of our mobile banking app, iMobile Pay. There have been 5.3 million activations 
of iMobile Pay by non-ICICI Bank account holders as of end-December. The value of 
transactions by non-ICICI Bank account holders grew by 73% sequentially in Q3 of 2022.  
The value of credit card spends in Q3-2022 was 2.2 times the value of credit card spends 
in Q3-2021 and grew by 27% sequentially. 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 28 
The value of financial transactions on InstaBIZ grew by about 68% year-on-year in the 
current quarter. The value of transactions on the supply chain platforms in the current 
quarter was 3.5 times the value of transactions in Q3 last year. 
The proportion of end-to-end digital sanctions and disbursements across various products 
has been increasing steadily. About 33% of our mortgage sanctions and 43% of our 
personal loan disbursements, by volume, were end-to-end digital in 9M of 2022. About 
95% of the overdraft facilities set up for business banking current account customers were 
end-to-end digital in 9M of 2022. 
The Bank had launched ICICI STACK for corporates and has created more than 20 industry 
specific STACKs which provide bespoke and purpose-based digital solutions to corporate 
clients and their ecosystems. The volume of transactions through these solutions in Q3-
2022 was 3.7 times the volume of tranasctions in Q3-2021.  
The Bank recently launched TradeEmerge for importers and exporters across India, 
offering banking as well as value-added services. This initiative makes cross border trade 
hassle-free, quick and convenient, as it offers an array of services in one place. 
E. Portfolio information 
We have been growing our loan portfolio in a granular manner with a focus on risk and 
reward. Our retail portfolio has been built based on proprietary data and analytics in 
addition to bureau checks, utilising the existing customer database for sourcing in key 
retail asset products through cross sell and up-sell and pricing in relation to the risk. In the 
business banking and SME business, our focus is on parameterised and programme based 
lending, granularity, collateral and robust monitoring. We have given further information 
on our retail and business banking portfolio in slides 42 to 45 of our investor presentation.  
The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate and SME borrowers 
rated BB and below was 118.42 billion Rupees at December 31, 2021 compared to 127.14 
billion Rupees at September 30, 2021. The amount of 118.42 billion Rupees at December 
31, 2021 includes 27.97 billion Rupee of loans under resolution. The details are given on 
slide 40 and 41 of the investor presentation.  

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 28 
Similar to the last quarter, other than three accounts, one each in construction, power and 
telecom sectors, the maximum single borrower outstanding in the BB and below portfolio 
was less than 6 billion Rupees at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021, we held 
provisions of 15.75 billion Rupees on the BB and below portfolio compared to 9.60 billion 
Rupees at September 30, 2021. This includes provisions held against borrowers under 
resolution included in this portfolio. 
The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting, term loans 
and working capital loans was 257.53 billion Rupees at December 31, 2021 compared to 
228.14 billion Rupees at September 30, 2021. The builder portfolio is about 3% of our total 
loan portfolio. Our portfolio is granular in nature with the larger exposures being to well-
established builders and this is also reflected in the sequential increase in the portfolio. 
About 11% of our builder portfolio at December 31, 2021 was either rated BB and below 
internally or was classified as non-performing, compared to 13% at September 30, 2021. 
The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 675.86 billion Rupees at December 31, 2021 
compared to 605.11 billion Rupees at September 30, 2021. The total outstanding loans to 
NBFCs and HFCs were about 7% of our advances at December 31, 2021. The details are 
given on slide 47 of the investor presentation. The sequential increase in the outstanding 
to NBFCs and HFCs is mainly due to disbursements to PSU entities, entities having long 
vintage and owned by banks and well-established corporate groups. The proportion of the 
NBFC and HFC portfolio internally rated BB and below or non-performing is less than 0.4% 
as of December 31, 2021.  
F. Subsidiaries and key associates 
The details of the financial performance of subsidiaries and key associates is covered in 
slides 52 to 54 and slides 73 to 78 in the investor presentation.  
The new business premium of ICICI Life grew by 29.7% year-on-year to 102.48 billion 
Rupees in 9M this year. The VNB margin increased from 25.1% in FY2021 to 27.1% in 9M 
this year. The value of new business increased by 34.8% year-on-year to 13.88 billion 
Rupees in 9M this year. The profit after tax of ICICI Life was 5.69 billion Rupees in 9M this 
year compared to 8.96 billion Rupees in 9M of last year. ICICI Life had a net loss of 1.86 
billion Rupees in Q1 this year primarily because of Covid-19 claims and provisions made 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 28 
for incurred but not reported claims. The profit after tax was 3.11 billion Rupees in this 
quarter compared to 3.06 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year. 
 Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General was 133.11 billion Rupees in 9M this year 
compared to 105.25 billion Rupees in 9M last year. The combined ratio was 111.0% in 9M 
of this year compared to 99.1% in 9M last year. The profit after tax was 3.18 billion Rupees 
this quarter compared to 3.14 billion Rupees in Q3 last year. Prior period numbers are not 
comparable due to the reflection of the general insurance business of Bharti AXA in the 
current period numbers. 
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC was 3.34 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 3.58 
billion Rupees in Q3 of last year.  
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, on a consolidated basis, increased by 42.3% year-
on-year to 3.80 billion Rupees in this quarter from 2.67 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year.  
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 11.5 million Canadian dollars in this quarter 
compared to 5.1 million Canadian dollars in Q3 last year and 8.4 million Canadian dollars 
in Q2 this year. The sequential increase in profit after tax of ICICI Bank Canada is mainly 
due to writeback of provisions. The loan book of ICICI Bank Canada at December 31, 2021 
declined by 4.8% year-on-year. ICICI Bank Canada has repatriated CAD 220 million of 
equity capital to ICICI Bank in January 2022.  
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 3.0 million US dollars this quarter compared to 2.2 
million US dollars in Q3 of last year and 2.0 million US dollars in Q2 this year. The loan 
book of ICICI Bank UK at December 31, 2021 declined by 21.3% year-on-year and 2.2% 
sequentially.  
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 0.48 billion Rupees in the current 
quarter compared to 0.03 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year and 0.46 billion Rupees in Q2 
this year. The year-on-year increase in profit after tax is mainly due to decline in cost of 
funds and lower provisions. 
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take your 
questions. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 28 
Moderator:  
 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from line of 
Mahrukh Adajania from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
Congratulations. My first question is on fee. The fee growth has been very strong for the 
second consecutive quarter. Would cards be the biggest delta? Would there be any risk to 
card fees in the near to medium term? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
The fee growth that we have seen has been strong across various segments such as retail 
assets, credit cards, payments, wholesale banking, small businesses and SME. We have 
seen an overall growth across businesses and across products as well. Cards is of course 
an important part of our overall fees and it will continue to be so. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
But any near term or medium term risk that you see to the strength in fee income from 
credit cards or any other products but mainly from cards? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Nothing specific per se. I think there are definitely some industry trends in terms of lower 
penal charges and late payment fees. But overall, we don't see any specific worry. Of 
course, we have to keep track of regulatory changes or market changes. So, that is very 
difficult to predict. Otherwise, I think across segments, we have been seeing a reasonably 
good growth in fee revenues. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
My second question is on operating expenses. So, you did give out the tech spends for 
the first nine months. But just in non-employee operating expenses especially, what is the 
biggest driver in Q3-2022? Would it be collections, growth or tech related? 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 28 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
So, actually in Q3 there is always a higher amount of advertisement and promotion and all 
expenses linked to the festive season. So, every time you will see from Q2 to Q3 the 
sequential increase, the larger part comes from there. In addition to that, we would have 
seen an increase in the technology expenses. We have been purchasing priority sector 
lending certificates, so that cost would have also gone up. So, these are the costs which 
would have gone up for us. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
Just again in terms of technology spends, 8% of opex would be 3% of your net revenue 
for the first nine months on an annualised basis whereas there are some international 
banks who want to spend 8% to 9% of their revenues on tech in FY2022. So, what would 
your future tech spends be? Will it match up to the international banks as in, not 8% to 
9%, but will it have to move up substantially or you think that most of the high cost 
investments are already in the bay? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
It's a continuing journey on technology and digital and expenses as we expand our 
offerings. If you look at the last few years, I think we have always cited that within 
expenses, technology has been one of the expenses that have been growing at a faster 
pace than the overall expenses. So, this is 8% of operating expenses, if you go back three 
years, it would have definitely been a lower number. We will see some increase in that 
proportion, but of course, we are not looking at 3% of revenues going up to 9% or 10%. I 
think that's a completely different cost base which is there, completely different 
infrastructure setup which is there. So, those numbers may not be comparable for the 
Indian banks. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Last question on treasury income. Excluding gains from sale of shares in ICICI Securities, 
the treasury income is negative, right? It had happened also probably in Q4-2021. So, 
what's the accounting there? 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 28 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
The gain from sale of shares in ICICI Securities was last year Q3 because we had to meet 
that minimum public shareholding requirements. 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia:  
Recently, we have been advertising a lot about our trade services. So, is there a big 
opportunity to increase market share based on open architecture model like what we have 
done in retail? Will it be forex-related and payments-driven? Any sense you can give about 
current market share and the room for growth because we seem to be doing well? 
Secondly, on the auto side, we have seen the pre-owned car market has grown 2 times of 
OEM sales in the last few years. So, is there an opportunity we are focusing to grow the 
loan book? Any tie-ups with Maruti or Mahindra or some of the other manufacturers 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
On the trade side, definitely, we see a huge opportunity across our business segments, on 
the small business side as well as the larger corporates. We have been leveraging our 
digital offerings also to scale up that business. You would have seen that even in our 
overseas business, we have seen the increase has come from the trade finance book. 
Domestically also, both trade-related short-term book as well as LCs are key contributors 
for us and the growth there has been quite good for us and we would assume that would 
continue to be a strong driver for the fee income as well which Mahrukh was earlier talking 
about and it kind of fits in very well with our overall approach of capturing the entire 
customer 360 and the ecosystem. On the pre-owned cars, clearly, that is something where 
the yields are better and the overall ROEs are better if the credit costs are contained. But, 
definitely there is some bit of higher risk as well. So, we would want an optimal proportion 
of pre-owned cars in our car loan business. Nothing specific to highlight there. We are very 
happy to grow that business and the proportion for us has been increasing as well. It is an 
important component especially from an overall car loan business profitability point of 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 28 
view. This segment actually provides a higher ROE definitely than the new car loan 
business. 
Prakash Kapadia:  
Any sense on that market share if you could give, are we in low teens, or 3%-5% on some 
of the corporate initiatives which you mentioned and can it grow in the near future? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
We of course track those market shares based on various data, but we have not disclosed 
that per se separately. The market share would, vary anywhere from 5% to up to 15% 
across the various initiatives that we are doing. 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
 
So, the question is on the credit card segment. We have shown a very strong growth in 
cards spends. If you can share some light on how the revolve rates are trending in this 
business now? 
Anup Bagchi: 
 
On the credit card, there are sort of a couple of things that we are doing which is leading 
to slightly better growth. One is on the retail segment itself. We are doing much more 
intense activity on the portfolio in the sense that what are the customer behaviours, where 
are they behaving and whatever spends we have to do on activation or spends that we 
have to do on rewards and other things, we are ensuring that every rupee that we are 
spending, it is matching with the customer behaviour or what we think will be the customer 
behaviour so that the return on those investments are good. We don't see it as expenses, 
we are actually seeing it as return on investments, from every rupee invested how much 
return is going to come. Second, we also had good help from Amazon as you know. The 
portfolio risk is very little, the spends are very high and the quality of customers is also 
very high. The third one, there is a nice portfolio that is getting built up on the commercial 
cards. So, these are the three big drivers that are happening. We saw that in the first wave 
and then second wave, the revolver rate actually came down a little bit and now it is again 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 28 
coming up. We'll have to see how it pans out during the third wave. But indeed, the 
revolver did come down and people did get conservative on that. So, as of now this is the 
situation of cards. We are now seeing that the impact of the third wave is not very large. 
The spends during the festive season and were very strong. After this wave gets over, I 
think it will be back to where we were and life will be good. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
 
So, we are not very far from the pre-COVID levels of revolve rate, this is what we can take 
away? 
Anup Bagchi: 
From a consumer behaviour perspective, all I can say is that whenever there is a stress or 
fear the revolve rate actually comes down and not goes up, and customers don't sort of 
revolve that much, but as there is normalcy, as consumers get more confident the revolve 
rate actually goes up. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
 
Second question is on the recoveries that we had during the quarter. What has actually 
driven this because this has enabled like a pretty sharp reduction in our credit cost, it has 
come down to 1% annualised for the quarter. So, has this like undershot in terms of the 
1% number this quarter or how do we look at this trajectory going ahead? 
Anup Bagchi: 
 
I will just respond on the retail side and then hand it over to Rakesh. We have been sharing 
with you a lot of work that we are doing on the pre-delinquency management. On the pre-
delinquency management, there is a lot of data that we have such as which are the 
customers that are most likely to bounce and where you should collect and if there is an 
overdue, which are the sectors, which are the profiles of the customers with higher 
chances of recovery due to presence of cash flows. So, we are able to allocate our energy 
and resources towards collections efficiently and that has really helped us and we are 
improving those models by the day. With more data, the machine learns more and the 
pre-delinquency management get better. That has certainly contributed a lot to our 
recoveries. Because at this point of time, if there is cash which is coming with the 
customers, depending on who reaches first, they get repaid. As the stress in the economy 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 28 
comes down, of course, everybody will get repaid. But when there is a stress in the 
economy and you are going for collection, it is important that if there is one call to be 
made, which is a customer, where you have the highest probability of collection, the call 
should go there. So, on the retail side essentially, those are the recoveries. Also, as for us, 
we have always been maintaining that the consumer behaviour is that it goes overdue, but 
it comes back. So, there are two reasons why customers go overdue, one is because of 
their own cash flow stress, the second one sometimes once in a while is on account of 
intent. Our experience is that the intent percentage is really very low. All customers want 
to pay back and when they want to pay back, we have seen that there is a cashflow 
mismatch. So, partly you can give them restructuring. If you think that it is only a temporary 
loss of income, and they are going to come back, and you also do pre-delinquency 
management and collections, data analytics that you have done so that you are able to 
allocate your resources well for collections. So, that has certainly given us the flip. On the 
balance part, I just request Rakesh to elaborate. 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
As Anup talked about the reasons for the higher level of deletions that we have seen from 
the NPA portfolio, I think overall in terms of credit cost through the cycle, we have talked 
about 25% of our core operating profit as the number. So, near term, of course, it will 
depend on how things pan out. We don't want to give any specific guidance on the credit 
cost per se, but in second quarter, we had said that second half, we do expect the level of 
gross additions to come down from what we have seen in the first half, specifically the first 
quarter, and the trend has been in line with that. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
 
And this level of credit cost, we have reported after making how much of restructured 
provisions, it's almost like Rs. 5 billion, am I right? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Yes, Rs. 4.5 billion. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
That amounts to only 15% of core operating this quarter then. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 28 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
So, in that sense, actually, this quarter, we have made two provisions. One is the 
restructured provisions that you refer to, which was about Rs. 4.5 billion. We have also 
taken some provision on our security receipts, another about Rs. 4.5 billion on a prudent 
basis. So, those two additional provisions we have taken. 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Naishi Shah from Acko General Insurance. Please go 
ahead. 
Naishi Shah: 
 
I'm just confused about one of the data points that is shared. You said that net deletions of 
Rs. 1.9 billion from gross NPA and you clarified that this is not write-off. So, then could 
you please explain what this number is? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
The gross addition to NPAs was about Rs 40.18 billion. That is the fresh slippages during 
the quarter and we had deletions, upgrades, recoveries of Rs. 42.09 billion where we 
would have either recovered the loans in full or we would have recovered the overdue 
amount in full so, the account would have got upgraded. So, the Rs. 40.18 billion of 
addition less the gross deletion of Rs. 42.09 billion is the net addition or reduction in this 
case of Rs. 1.91 billion that we refer to. And then thereafter, we have also done write-off 
of about Rs. 40 billion. 
Naishi Shah: 
Also, from the write-off, could you just tell me how much was from the restructuring book? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Write-off from restructuring book would really not be there. We would have seen some 
slippages. 
Naishi Shah: 
 
What kind of slippages did you see if I may ask? 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 28 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
We have seen some slippages from the restructured portfolio. Of the reduction on the 
restructured loans about one-third has been because of slippages, two-thirds has been 
recovery. That's the kind of trend that we have seen. 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundra from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundra: 
 
Can you share some more details on your fee income, maybe you can give the bifurcation 
of the fee into may be third-party related, liability-related fee, credit card or any other 
bifurcation? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
We don't disclose that. What we do disclose is that 76% of the fees is coming from the 
retail, business banking and SME segments. Right now, we have not given any further 
details per se, but in future maybe we will look at it. 
Jai Mundra: 
 
On growth in SME and business banking, we are putting very strong growth there, I just 
wanted to check what could be the lending rate here, I mean, even a broad range would 
be helpful, what is the range of interest rates for the loans originated in the business 
banking portfolio  
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Lending rate will be in a wide range. It will not really be helpful. To the best of the 
customers the rate can go as low as 7%. We also do a bit of unsecured there, overdraft 
and all where the rates will be well in double digits. So, it's a wide range per se. 
Jai Mundra: 
 
On general insurance arm, now that we have gone below I think 48% or 49% What is the 
way forward? What is your view on the Bank stake there? 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 28 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
As we have disclosed earlier that banks cannot hold between 30% and 50%. Either you 
have to hold more than 50% or you have to hold below 30%. We have got an exemption 
from the government through recommendation of RBI to hold between 30% and 50% till 
September of 2023. So, in the interim, we would need to reduce our shareholding to 30% 
in ICICI General. So, that would happen through any of the means available or we could 
also always request for an extension of that period.  
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Prakhar Agrawal from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Agrawal:  
Three sets of questions to start and a few follow up to the questions that we have referred 
earlier. So, we have been seeing a reasonable growth, at least in SME and business 
banking, would you attribute this to the improving underlying in the segment or is it more 
to do with the internal changes that the Bank has been undergoing? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
If you look at growth in the business banking segment for us, I think over the last four years 
or so, it has been very strong. SME again for at least the last two and a half years, we have 
seen that growth. Of course, it has to do with the market opportunity, which is there for us 
to grow. Additionally, it also reflects the sharp focus that we have put on these business 
segments and the fact that we have been leveraging our branches a lot more in the past 
few years. This also has got driven by the kind of streamlining of processes that we have 
done in terms of customer acquisition, onboarding, underwriting. So, all those steps which 
we have taken kind of enabled us to grow at this pace. The strong underpinning of 
technology and digital of course is there because that is something that ensures that we 
are able to attract customers. A lot of this business that we are doing is with existing 
customers of the Bank also. As we acquire business from branches, there have been 
customers who have had current accounts with us, but we have not had a lending 
relationship with them. So, all of that is something which is really helping us in this growth. 
We are focused in terms of ensuring that we meet our risk and return thresholds. We look 
at the granularity and ensure that there is good collateral and exposure is widespread 
across sectors. All of this is what has really been driving growth for us. 

 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 28 
Prakhar Agrawal: 
Second bit on fee income. So, while you have highlighted that you have seen growth being 
more granular in nature, any pocket of pressure that you probably see on the fee income 
side or any pockets, where you probably see some pressure points of being compared. A 
couple of banks have been highlighting that. 
Rakesh Jha: 
There will always be some element of fee income, which will be growing at a slower pace 
than overall, plus there are always some regulatory changes which keep on coming. So, 
for example, on the lending side, the lending linked fee, will be growing slower for us, 
especially on the corporate side, as we focus more and more on ‘A and above’ rated 
lending business. The lending related fees there is much lesser. The third party distribution 
fees for us that would be growing at somewhat slower pace than the overall fees. So, there 
will be various things, but if you look at the previous quarter also, our growth was around 
20% or so and this quarter is about 19%. 
Prakhar Agrawal:  
In terms of your yields, probably we have seen a couple of quarters wherein we have seen 
pressure points on yield despite reasonably favourable mix change. What would you 
attribute this to and how do you see your margin in maybe two years, three years out, any 
sense on that? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Incrementally clearly, there has been a lot of pressure on the lending spreads. I think, given 
the surplus liquidity in the system and overall, loan growth for the system is indeed still 
running at around 8% to 9% kind of level. So, that is something which has impacted the 
yield and it is there for all the banks that we have seen. In the near term, like we had said 
last quarter, our first half NIM was about 3.94% and we had talked about protecting our 
NIM at around that level in the near term, and that's what our focus is. There are a lot of 
moving parts. I think on the deposit side, the deposit costs have bottomed out for banks. 
On the lending side, maybe there is still some further pressure which could be there. The 
surplus liquidity in the balance sheet, as that keeps getting deployed, I think that will be a 
positive as well. And then of course, how the overall market rates and repo rate move will 

 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 28 
also impact. Like I said, for us, nearly 38% of our loans are linked to repo rate and 7% to 
other external benchmarks as well. These are all the factors that we will have to see. Our 
objective will be to kind of see and protect our NIMs at the nine months level where we 
are. 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh MB from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh MB: 
 
Just a couple of questions. One, there has been a marked increase in borrowings and we 
see it in quite a few banks as well. Any particular reason for this? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
We raised about Rs. 80 billion of infra bonds during the quarter, there is no SLR and CRR 
requirement which is applicable and also one gets a benefit on priority sector lending, 
because that amount gets reduced from the ANBC while computing the requirement of 
priority sector lending. So, that is one element. Plus the other thing, which will always be 
there is that, it can always be a balance sheet-end numbers in terms of where you are on 
the market borrowings. There are some opportunities at points of time where you can 
borrow and deploy. Otherwise, the underlying increase is that Rs. 80 billion of infra bonds 
that we have done. 
Mahesh MB: 
 
Second question, Rakesh, the recoveries and upgrades in the retail portfolio is still 
matching, the slippages. So, we assume that at a net level, the impact on the P&L will be 
quite negligible, and there are no large slippages on the corporate side. So, you come to 
a point where credit cost comes down quite sharply. We have also seen ROE now touching 
15%-odd. Internally, what is the way forward from here? Do you allow the ROE to inch up? 
Do you increase the riskiness of the book by going towards a slightly risky segment? Do 
you invest more? How are you seeing the next few quarters? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Mahesh, I think, we will have to look at it slightly more from a medium to long term 
perspective. In the near term, of course, we have seen a lot of deletions from NPLs coming 

 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 28 
in. It also reflects the fact that we did add a fair bit of NPLs last year and in the first quarter 
this year. This trend of deletions at some stage will definitely slow down as well. So, as of 
now, I think we would kind of stay with our long term estimates for credit cost. In the near 
term, yes, it could end up under-shooting that. That is always a possibility, but let us see. 
In terms of the point that you are saying on the risk aspect of it, I think that is something, 
which we always look at it from risk and return thresholds together. That's why we have 
been happy to grow credit card book or personal loan book as well. Aside from the fact 
that because of the pandemic the growth has been much lower over the last six quarters 
or so in this portfolio. As you are aware, prior to Covid, that book was growing at close to 
40% on a year-on-year basis. Unfortunately, the third wave has happened, otherwise, 
things were kind of getting back to a much more normal level. As Anup mentioned earlier, 
as things normalize, we will see more increase in some of these segments, where the 
customers are also happy to take some of these loans, which are more from a discretionary 
perspective. We will always evaluate that in terms of the portfolio. 
Mahesh MB: 
 
I'm just kind of giving a hypothetical question here. If you have a choice where loan growth 
is not coming at the margins at which you want, but credit cost is falling off sharply, would 
you go for that loan growth given that the customer segment is less risky? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Yes, we would. Again, it is nothing to do with the historic book. One has to look at what 
your underwriting is on an incremental basis. What we look at is the final contribution to 
the core operating profit and the related credit costs. Those are the two things that we look 
at. So, especially on the retail side, the net interest income piece, expenses, sourcing cost, 
credit cost, all of these are variables, which we are happy to use to optimize the return on 
the portfolio. So, that's definitely something that we would look at. 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Aakriti Kakkar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Hi. I am Rahul. Just a couple of questions, actually, more product related. Mortgages have 
been growing nicely in the last few quarters. So, just wanted to understand, there's been 

 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 28 
clearly a compression on yields and given where the yields are, how are you thinking about 
it in terms of making money on this product? This question actually is not only about 
mortgages, but also in terms of the cross-sell opportunities that are available thorugh the 
mortgage customers. So, just wanted to understand how you are see that playing out 
because growth has been strong and the pricing. 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
So, pricing on the mortgage side, is always competitive. I think we are very clear that we 
don't want to be price leaders in any of the segments including mortgages. But, if we see 
the market rates where they are, we would be happy to be at par because, indeed, it's a 
sticky product, you acquire good long term value customers. We are happy to match the 
lending rates that are there. It's not that we will go and do our entire business at the 
headline rates which are there. We look at the portfolio, we look at the risk and we kind of 
work out what are the yields that will work for us from a portfolio perspective. We also 
factor in the overall customer profitability, not just from the mortgage business. At times, 
we also look at the mortgage plus the loan against property business in aggregate to see 
where our overall returns are. The good thing with the mortgage book is that all of this is 
floating rate linked to repo rate. So, at some stage as the funding costs go up, those yields 
will also kind of go up, but there can definitely be a lag between that happening. We will 
continue to focus on the mortgage book and that is an important book for us to grow and 
we will be competitive in terms of pricing there, though we will not be price leaders. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Just a follow up question, the customer level profitability also, let's say over the last two 
to three years, you all have been able to maintain that or that has also come under 
pressure? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Actually, customer level profitability on the retail side that we look at, basically one has 
bands of profitability and we track that very closely. The respective retail branches, the 
zonal heads and we try and kind of move the customers up those profitability bands. There 
it is definitely helpful when you are able to sell more products and services to the 
customer. Now we have seen a slight uptick in deposit rates, so maybe the lowering of 
mortgage rates will hopefully be behind us, but let's see. 

 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 28 
Rahul Jain: 
 
The other question actually was again going back to credit cards and just looking at your 
slide 30. I think the spends market share has really picked up nicely, but the number of 
cards is like in a particular band of 17% to 18%, so, does it mean that the spends Anup 
talked about, the partnership with Amazon has been pretty good? So, cards have become 
more productive given the spends per card, the market share gain over there is much 
higher. So, just trying to understand, what explains the sharp pick up in the market share 
on spends versus the number of cards? How much more traction would there be on a go-
forward basis? 
Anup Bagchi: 
 
As I said earlier, there are three drivers. There is normal retail where sharper portfolio 
management is driving the spends. With Amazon, the good thing is that the activation 
rates are quick. So, if there is a card, the customers generally immediately start the spends. 
Here, really the S curve is very steep. That is the second thing. And third is on the 
commercial cards side, there is an improvement. So, these are the three drivers of card 
spends. And they seem to be quite secular and customers are activating. I must also add 
to what Rakesh was saying, overall, I think the dispensation of customers, because of 
whatever is happening within our Bank and with the help of our brand, we are sensing that 
customer propensity to also take our cards or come to us and do more business with us 
is also increasing. Of course, while we are working hard, I must say that customers are 
also tilting a bit towards us because of the brand and because of the positivity of the Bank 
at this point of time. 
Rahul Jain: 
Then there are 2 million cards Amazon Pay cards, which is roughly 17% of the total cards 
issued, if I'm not wrong. But, on spends, would it be a much higher number, like north of 
20%, 25%? 
Anup Bagchi: 
The propensity of customers of Amazon card to spend more is higher. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 28 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Rakesh, the write offs were pretty sharp this quarter. What explains this kind of write offs, 
which product segment would have driven this? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
There is no specific explanation per se, but indeed we have a high level of provisions 
against the gross NPA and that's what we have written off. A fair bit of that will also be 
against the retail NPAs. You would have seen the gross retail NPAs have also come down 
in the December quarter over September quarter. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
No specific products across the board? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
It is across retail products. 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Nilanjan Karfa from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
Hi Rakesh, I'll go back to the question of Mahesh, but let me frame it a little differently. 
Obviously, the credit cost is going down quite sharply. Given the construct of the loan 
book, everybody seems to believe that as the repo rate kicks in, we will get a benefit. Cost 
ratios are broadly going to be okay. Reality is that banking is a cyclical basis.  The problems 
that I potentially see, and I'm probably feeding this answer, is a very lopsided kind of 
growth in the overall loans of the system. In my opinion, it looks to me that banks are 
enjoying a very good pricing power, at least at this point of time. Would you therefore 
want to believe or give us a sense that it is probably the margins, which will have a fair 
amount of pressure going forward? That could also be from your perspective, because if 
growth remains like this, banks would typically prefer to get into a volume-driven growth 
than a unit economics of the growth. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 28 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Nilanjan, overall clearly there will be pressure on lending yields and lending spreads. We 
have seen that, especially now with the deposit costs kind of bottoming out across the 
banking system, but still there is surplus liquidity in the system. So, definitely in the near 
term that is going to be the scenario. One has to kind of manage through that period. 
Anup Bagchi: 
 
Also, I'll just add that at this point of time, I think pricing pressure is there and the yields 
are low because 10-year G-sec is at 6.50% and mortgages are at 6.70%, I don't remember 
in the last many years, where the delta between the mortgage pricing and 10-year was so 
low. Of course, this is resettable and this is one year and all of it, but finally it is a long-
term floating rate loan. And if you look at the rate at which good SME customers are getting 
loans, that spread over government securities is also quite competitive. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
By any chance, would you want to consider that, not just ICICI Bank, but in general, given 
the spread gaps that you're talking about, we are taking risks which might materialize in 
the longer term? 
Anup Bagchi: 
 
From the Bank’s perspective, I think we will be very careful on risk-calibrated growth. It is 
very difficult to comment on other people. From our perspective, we will be very, very 
careful about risk-calibrated growth. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
I'll do it offline. Just one additional question on the ECLGS portfolio, any clarity on the 
total stock of loans at this point? How has the total stock of loans behaved? How much it 
has come down? How much of that has slipped in the December quarter? 
 
Rakesh Jha:  
In terms of numbers, it could be pretty similar to what it was in the September quarter. In 
terms of the portfolio, I think we said it last time, our approach was one where we wanted 
to use the facility with the businesses where the model was not broken and we had 

 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
visibility in terms of repayments from those businesses. Of course, companies that have 
taken ECLGS would have had some amount of stress. So, overall if one looks at this 
portfolio, maybe the delinquencies or the overdues could be somewhat higher than the 
overall book for the Bank. But in our case, we are not overly worried about this portfolio. 
There would be somewhat higher numbers that we see there, but nothing more than that. 
Nilanjan Karfa: 
 
It was very specific to this quarter. Have you seen any slippages coming through because 
I think we are more or less done with one-year moratorium? 
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Nothing material I would say. 
Moderator:  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take that as the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for their closing comments.  
Rakesh Jha: 
 
Thank you everyone, for joining us this Saturday evening. We will be happy to take the 
remaining questions separately. 
Moderator:  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Bank, that concludes this conference. We thank 
you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
