4,
January 3t,2O2Z
Pursuant to our letter dated January 24,2022, intimating about Analyst/lnvestors Meet to be held on Friday,
January 28,2022, we hereby inform you that the said Virtual lnvestor Meet took place as scheduled.
We enclose herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call and the same is also available on
Compa ny's website at www.privi.com.
You are requested to kindly take the same on record
Thanking you,
Yours Sincerely,
For Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
(Formerly
The Managcr - l" isting Department
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd
Exchange Plaza, Plot no.Cf L, G Block,
Bandra-l(urla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai - 400 051
as Fairchem Speciality Limited)
Ramesh Kathu
Company Secretary
r")
Symbol: PRIVISCL
F
fI
o
*
The Manager (CRD)
The BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai- 400001
Scrip Code: 530LL7
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub: Analvst/lnvestor Meet - held on Fridav, Januarv 28. 2022. between 5;30 p.m. to 05.50 p.m,
E
lS0 S001:2015
lS0 14001:2015
irn
lS0 45001 :201 8
EUREAU VERITAS
Cerlilicalion
000t
PRIVI SPECIALITY CHEMICALS LIMITED
(Formerly known as Fairchem Speciality Limited)
Knowledge Cenlre & Regd.Olllce: Privi House, A-71, TTC, Thane Betapur Road, Near Kopar Khairane Bailway Station,
NaviMumbai-400710.lndialTel.:+912268713200/33043500/33043600127783040127783041127783045
Fax: +91 2227783049168713232 | Emall: enquiry@prlvl.co.ln I Web: www.privl,com I CIN: 115140MH1985P1C286828

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 28, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SAURAV KAPADIA - ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARAYAN IYER - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
PRIVI SPECIALITY CHEMICALS LIMITED 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2022 earnings conference call 
of Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited hosted by Asian Markets Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Disclaimer, this 
conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinion and expectation of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. Actual result may differ from such expectation, projection, etc., 
whether expressed or implied. Participants are requested to exercise cautions while referring 
to such statements and remarks. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saurav Kapadia 
from Asian Markets Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Saurav Kapadia: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Asian Markets Securities I would like to 
welcome you all for Q3 FY2022 earnings conference call of Privi Speciality Chemicals 
Limited. From the management we have with us Mr. Narayan Iyer, Chief Financial Officer 
of the company. We shall start the call with opening remarks from the management and 
then we will move to Q&A session. I now hand over the call to Mr. Iyer for his opening 
remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you Saurav and good evening to all my fellow investors and shareholders of Privi 
Speciality Chemicals Limited. A very, very warm welcome on a possibly a chilly weekend 
evening, I know I am at the threshold of the weekend and spoiling your weekend by maybe 
an hour or so, but it is important that I stay connected previously is connected to its very 
formed investors and on that count I can only say that the quarter that has gone by October 
to December was a very decent quarter, it was a comeback quarter for Privi post a little bit 
of natural calamity that was a setback in July 2021, July 21, 2021, July 22, 2021 and July 
23, 2021 the entire Konkan area including Mahad where previous major facilities are 
located was inundated by water and it was about 8 to 10 feet of water inside the factory and 
the factory had to be shutdown for almost about three weeks or so, we were the first ones to 
restart the factory and come back and as we did in the past when there was a fire in our 
factory in 2018 we rose from the ashes like a phoenix so this time we just like flying off 
like a seagull maybe from the water up coming out and performing to the best of our 
abilities and we are back with a very, very decent run rate I will say that to achieve our 
targeted goal, the wish list that we have and move towards the overall ambition of us 
achieving this year’s targets and then go over to the 3000 program. 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
This quarter there was a little bit of setbacks on account as it is known in the industry 
because of the increase in the RMC across board most of the RMC costs like the acids, the 
solvents, the toluenes, including of course the coal cost all this had gone up substantially on 
account of heavy shortages, materials not being available from China and from other 
countries and of course the sporadic freight expenses or the freight costs just keeping on 
going on, but I could say that this is all to some extent arrested by Privi and the financial 
numbers that are there and it is there in your hands and all already displayed. We have been 
able to offset most of this increase in the expenses on account of yield improvements, 
process improvements, technical upgrades that we had undertaken in the last two or three 
years spending a lot of capex, some cost cutting, energy saving measures, also undertaking 
some reverse powers or the cogeneration that we have also created within our own factory, 
all this helped us to tide this unprecedented rise in the input costs and broadly I could say 
that we were able to address most of the increase in the so-called input costs by the inhouse 
measures that we have taken around. There has been definitely an increase on a quarter-on-
quarter numbers as you would also appreciate the efforts that the company has been able to 
put in around and give a decent I can say sort of a performance and I hope most of the 
investors have not found many surprises in the results because there is an increase in the 
turnover by almost about 30% as you compare to the immediate September quarter and the 
December quarter, but I will say that a better comparison will be the December 2020 and 
December 2021 quarter where our sales has increased by almost about another 30% odd. 
The profit has increased from about Rs.25.5 Crores on December 2020 we have come up to 
about close to 35%, which once again signifies a 40% increase in the profitability numbers 
and there has been an exceptional item as you know that some of the expenses on account 
of flood is being considered by us as exception so in this quarter there has been an addition 
of about Rs.2.12 Crores coupled with the total expenses of Rs.17.5 Crores, Rs.10 Crores of 
money we have already received from the insurance company, so there is a Rs.7.36 Crores 
as an exceptional loss I could say that, but it is only time in this quarter we expect the entire 
money from the insurance company on account of the expenditure and the losses, the 
business interruption losses that was there. We are fairly confident that the entire money to 
Privi should be there and it should appear in our financials by March, so on this note and 
some of our projects which has been also the highlight that we have embarked upon a very 
ambitious 500 Crores projects on three main products Prionyl. 
 
I am happy to say and inform the investors that we have commissioned Prionyl as a project 
at our Mahad unit 7 and this was commissioned on December 31, 2021 and in the month of 
January now the Prionyl production has started and very happy to say that it was on January 
14, 2022 or I could say the day of Uttara and that the first invoice for Prionyl was also 
billed to one of our esteemed customers so that is something which is there yes the spot 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 24 
business market is something that we will tap around before we are in a position to get into 
the contractual business and the other two projects the camphor as well as the Galaxmusk is 
very much on track and we expect that by March most of these other major projects should 
also be capitalized and they will start bringing in revenues from the first quarter of 2022-
2023, so based on that Saurav this is my introduction remark I am sticking now currently 
only to the quarterly performance, I am open for any questions, any suggestions from the 
investors and from you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Amar Maurya from Alfa Accurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amar Maurya: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity, so couple of clarifications. Firstly Sir on the ongoing 
capex you had elaborated that Prionyl is already commissioned and Galaxmusk and 
camphor will come by March, so is it fair to assume like this whole capacity will be largely 
available for the spot or we will be getting some benefit of the contractual also? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you and basically see Galaxmusk and camphor are huge volume products so prima 
facie we will be in a position to sell only in the spots from April to June, some of our 
customers the prima facie also ask for some tenders to be floated for their second half 
requirements, so we could possibly participate in some of these customers second half 
requirements, but the bulk volume definitely when we talk about my top 25 customers who 
are global players, so these two are out of this top 25 almost about 10 to 12 of them they go 
in for annual contracts so definitely I will not be able to get such volumes as we normally 
undertake for all our other products so that is a buzz that we have missed, but the delay was 
beyond our control and beyond our measures on account of the second wave and the oxygen 
supply is not being made available by Government of India and respective state 
governments also because it had to be given a preference to the COVID patients and then 
you had an onslaught of the third wave coming in, price escalations, so all this led together 
there has been a delay. You can prima facie say that for the next nine months or the first 
nine months of the next year we will be in a position to sell a maximum on our existing 
products and to some extent from these three new products which will come about in fact. 
Amar Maurya: 
For the next full year for these whole three capacities should we expect at least 20%, 30%, 
40% kind of utilization level? 
Narayan Iyer: 
For the entire year of 2022-2023 you are talking about? 
Amar Maurya: 
Yes Sir, FY2023 whole year. 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 24 
Narayan Iyer: 
I think with Privi yes we could even stretch ourselves to about 40% of our overall capacities 
if it is possible in fact. 
Amar Maurya: 
Secondly Sir the capacity which we had actually commissioned in FY2021 and the benefit 
of which like kind of Rs.800 Crores to Rs.1000 Crores benefit was expected to come going 
forward, so we will be seeing the majority of the benefit in FY2023 and how much we had 
seen of that particular expanded capacity benefit in FY2022? 
Narayan Iyer: 
FY2022 is still on so definitely there has been an increase in the volume by about close to 
3.5% of course we lost some volume because a month of sale was lost on account of the 
flood so we are not in a position to function itself, otherwise definitely we would have been 
able to achieve all the volumes with regard to the main pine based products because that 
was something which was fully being sold to the capacity that we had because these 
capacities were all put to use by December 31, 2020 and we had contracts in place and it 
was going around. I will say that as far as the main pine products are concerned, yes my 
factory today is running into full capacities. As far as the specialty chemicals is there, 
specialty chemicals is just about looking to get the demand in bits and pieces from specialty 
chemicals or something which is used in high-ended cosmetics and perfumes and all other 
applications. Broadly from the market sentiments I feel that this should come into a full 
play somewhere from around April or May and more so from the period of July onwards 
when actually people start using and there is summer across globally, people will start using 
more and more of these high-ended specialty chemicals and we also expect the global 
offices and commercial establishments all to start may be post this endemic as it is now 
looking like so people will start moving travel around the world and all more so from the 
Q2 FY2022 or 2023, so we can expect specialty chemicals demand also move up more so 
from August and September of 2022 then the capacities on account of the speciality, etc., 
will also go up so I am very rather than using a word I we at Privi are very, very confident 
that the pine space will be fully utilized 100% capacity maybe it could also go to 102%, 
103% if we are in a position to maintain our factories to the core. The specialty chemicals 
could be somewhere around 70%, 75% of its utilization of its capacities that could be there. 
The phenol space will be 100% sold out, it is already 100% sold out I can say that and the 
last but not the least phase is pine has always been our forte so if I had to cumulatively 
average it out we will be something around I could say about 85% to 90% of our overall 
utilization of the capacities that were there before these three new products come in. 
Amar Maurya: 
In terms of the EBITDA margin like as you indicated this is largely because of the RM 
inflation and other manufacturing cost are at elevated level so any solace we are expecting 
from let us say fourth quarter or the first quarter, so when we can see the bounce back in the 
margin and reaching to our guided level of around 15% to 16% kind of thing? 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 24 
Narayan Iyer: 
No, we will be back, currently also we are at about something like 15.5% and as I keep 
telling all of you investors the forex income that you see in previous balance sheet is not 
any derivative or a hedge gain. It is prima facie a fluctuation in the timing differences of my 
sales and purchases and the realization that it happens upon it is in purely India’s 
accounting entry and all this is coming and from my main flow of business operations 
which is sales and exports and possibly purchases and imports. To give my investors a very 
happy news on this evening, the additional percentages or additional margins will definitely 
set in right from January 1, 2022 because the contracts that we have entered for calendar 
year 2022 with most of my global players are higher than what it was in the year 2021, so 
that is a good news that some of these increased expenses on account of the input of RMC 
as well as the increased freight costs will be met on account of the higher contractual values 
or higher sales value that we will obtain from our customers going forward in this year and 
the increase is anywhere on an average between 5% to 8% as compared to the 21 prices that 
we had gotten in fact so that is a very good news and the bounce back you could see in this 
quarter itself. Right now also whatever I am selling is with a bounce back version in fact. 
Amar Maurya: 
Thanks a lot Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nakshita Mehta from Credent Asset 
Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
Good evening and thank you for giving this opportunity and congratulations on fantastic set 
of numbers. My one question is again the RM cost compared to last quarter has gone up by 
as much as 47% and if you compare it to the corresponding your quarter it has gone up by 
25%, 26%, but still the margins are probably relatively at the same level so I want to know 
what measures you took to improve the margin any special measures? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Like I really do not know how you got 45% or 70% on an RMC which is a growth. You 
also will have to see a threshold because when you are looking at the cost of materials 
consumed the changes on account of the inventory will also be forming a part of it and 
percentage wise to give you the exact numbers because just my board meeting has got over 
and we were deliberating about it with the auditors so there is an overall increase if I had to 
give a very, very fair and rationale view. The growth or the increased RMC expenditure 
only for this quarter as compared to the previous quarters has been about something close to 
6.78%. If you compare it with the earlier overall nine month period if I say so the increase 
has been about close to 0.5% so that means on a Rs.1000 Crores of sale a 0.5% increase is 
what has transpired, but if you only look for the quarter of December vis-a-vis the quarter of 
September or more so the quarter of June there is an additional 6.74% of RMC increase, so 
this increase prima facie is on account of the unprecedented increase in the RMC cost like I 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 24 
am just going to narrate a few examples. Acetic anhydride which is a very important 
ingredient for us what we used to buy it for about say Rs.70 and Rs.90 or so is now 
currently was being bought in this particular period closer to upwards of Rs.200 and all so 
come back now to about Rs.150 or Rs.160 and we expect it to further come down. Similarly 
some of the other solvents phosphoric acid, sulfuric acid, all were being sold at a very, very 
all-time high and these are all chemicals which we use in bulk volume and this is what 
actually has affected my RMC inputs in fact, so some of the spot market higher prices that 
we were getting on the sales has actually helped us sail through this quarter and yet manage 
the overall margins when we talk about on a sustainable basis. The measures that we have 
taken is that we have started reusing some of these acids by recovering these acids and 
reusing it so reducing the overall usage of maybe an acetic acid or sulfuric acid, reuse plant 
has been there in fact phosphoric acid is being reused by us, so that is how we are trying to 
curtail on some of these unwanted expenses where we can do a recovery and secondly our 
R&D, our strength is our R&D as my Chairman and Managing Director always says, the 
R&D has been able to come about with a new technical ideas, new process innovations in 
manufacturing, my main key products in fact and my main key products are five of them 
that is basically the Dihydromyrcenol, the Amber Fleur, Pine Oil, and Terpeniol. So all of 
these there has been constant innovations in ensuring that how do we reduce our input costs, 
how to improve the yield, how we can remove some of the unwanted chemicals that come 
into it, so that by using these acids and solvents you burn some of the natural raw material 
like the pine so by using a natural supplement like a resin or reusing some of these acids we 
are able to recover the input cost and that is how we have been able to improve the yield 
prima facie getting a final product percentage better than what it was in the earlier quarters 
or earlier period and that is how you see that our margins we have been able to sustain and 
almost try to maintain the margins that we were achieving and we are confident that now 
with the increase in the selling prices our margins definitely will go up starting from this 
quarter itself and as all of you investors know that Privi always is like an MS Dhoni the first 
three quarters could be slow, but the fourth quarter always is a big bang for us and we 
expect this quarter also to be a big bang in fact. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
That is very insightful. Thank you. Another question is on the debt.. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Just to inform to all investors, we have just uploaded investor presentation, sorry I was 
delayed in sending this across to all of you, I do not know how many of you are been able 
to go through it but I was trying to post the Board meeting yesterday with some other work 
and so you all can see that and this presentation also has the debt portion. Yes you can 
continue with the question. 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Nakshita Mehta: 
I wanted to ask that the debt on both long term and short term current and long term debt 
are pretty huge so is there any reason as in why are they? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Long term has already approved, it was only that we have not availed it at one go as the 
projects kept on moving around we were drawing this long term borrowings prima facie 
from the banks and it was also that a part of our own earnings we were to deploy back into 
the capex, so the overall capex is about Rs.550 Crores out of it the borrowing that we have 
done in the last three years or so has been only to the extent of Rs.250 plus 56 Crores, 
Rs.306 Crores or so, so the delta is the profit that the company earn utmost keeping it for 
the dividend as well as for working capital, the balance had to be utilized into the capex, so 
that is why that you see that the borrowings or the debt looks to be on a higher side; 
however, having said this the new capex, the new projects once it sets out and we start 
earning the revenue from there your debt position will come down because you are looking 
at a higher sales, which means higher collections and possibly reducing the overall 
borrowing of the working capital immediately and the long term debt is basically over a 
seven year period that we pay off and it will reduce as per the schedule or as per the periods 
at which we are borrowed from various banks, so this is a temporary phenomenon that you 
could possibly see that there is a higher debt in fact and may be enough for the very first 
time that overall debt has just edge past my overall equity or the net worth of the company, 
but it is a temporary phenomenon not to worry about and as I said if this is going to be a 
bumper quarter for us, you will see that previous performance in March is going to be a 
much different scenario as compared to what you are possibly seeing now in December. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
That you are confident of. Just one followup on this month, can you tell us what maturity 
schedule, how many years are still left to pay off? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Every loan has been taken for a period of not less than five to seven years so some of the 
earlier loans that we had taken so that will be repaid as per the schedule so the first of the 
so-called and we are paying on quarterly basis because these are all two years moratorium 
or 18 months moratorium with a five year quarterly payments to each of the bankers in fact 
so every year I will have a repayment schedule of about Rs.30 Crores to Rs.45 Crores going 
forward for the next five years now. 
Nakshita Mehta: 
Okay, great. Thank you so much and good luck for your next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Dushyant Mishra from SageOne investment. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 24 
Dushyant Mishra: 
In the last call we mentioned that we are still 15 months from commercialization but I just 
want to check if there were some updates regarding that how the technology transfer was 
going if there were any hiccups from the company? 
Narayan Iyer: 
You are trying to talk about Prigiv and the technology transfer? 
Dushyant Mishra: 
Yes especially with Givaudan. 
Narayan Iyer: 
That process is ongoing, the technology transfer is happening around, since it is a 
Greenfield process there is going to be a time consuming affair, the land has been acquired, 
we have already made an application to the environment commission or as it is known in 
India EC for the various products that we are going to manufacture in the so-called joint 
venture with Givaudan at Prigiv and this we expect could be about close to a 8 to 10 month 
affair before finally the environment commission gives us the approvals for all the products 
to be manufactured. Parallelly we have engaged with a basic engineering company firm and 
an external agency to help us design the basic engineering with regard to the layouts and the 
requirements of the equipment for setting up the projects, so this way we are doing it in this 
eight month period or ten month period before finally we get the permission from EC so 
that we can start being onto the field immediately maybe just prior to the monsoon or so we 
can start the excavation work and start doing the civil work so that work is parallelly going 
around. Of the set 42 products that Givaudan has asked us to work close to about 14 of 
them have been successfully met the standards of Givaudan at our R&D scale, our research 
lab have been able to manufacture these 14 products through the satisfaction of the 
Givaudan technical team, balance about 10 odd products are in the pipeline at the research 
and development because it is not that I have an R&D that I can completely stop doing the 
innovation work for the main parent company and only focus on the 42 products that 
Givaudan wants so it is a section by section in fact and we are doing it and we are confident 
that this technology transfer what is coming from Givaudan to us will happen in a very 
synchronized manner and we have no doubts that Privi will be in a position to manufacture 
these products to the likes of Givaudan themselves. 
Dushyant Mishra: 
That is wonderful to hear and just a discussion on our research and development as well at a 
time how many products are we working on so this is apart from what we are doing with the 
JV partner just on our own self at a time what is in a pipeline in the research and 
development and I am sure not all of them end up seeing light of the day but just a ballpark 
idea? 
Narayan Iyer: 
You want to know how many products we are currently doing research at both my research 
labs is that what is your question Dushyant? 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 24 
Dushyant Mishra: 
Yes that is correct. 
Narayan Iyer: 
A difficult question to answer but close to about 14 to 16 molecules we are working of 
which we are fairly successful with five or six of them and a couple of them we have 
already started doing at the pilot level which is what our Chairman in our November 1, 
2021 address to the investors, he happened to say that the launch of his most ambitious 
project menthol that Privi was successful at the research level to track the menthol, 
Levomenthol, biochemistry to manufacture the Levomenthol on the most noble technology 
so that is something that we have scaled it up to the pilot level, so this could be about 14, 16 
products currently that we are working around. 
Dushyant Mishra: 
Okay perfect and what is our quarterly run rate on research and development expenses? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Close to about Rs.6.5 Crores. 
Dushyant Mishra: 
Perfect that is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
I just wanted to understand a lot of things are going around as far as a lot of activities there 
as far as Privi is concerned, so if you could enlighten us about the Givaudan tie up what is 
the roadmap for that overall in terms of certain numbers or what are we trying to build here 
with them and the main efforts of Privi because what we have been hearing in the last few 
interactions with the management is we are trying to basically over the next four, five years 
around Rs.3000 Crores of topline and stuff that we have got to know so if you could just 
help us understand that these aspects how they are working? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Rs.3000 Crores of number what we have been talking about by us in the last one year or so 
is are going to be from products manufactured by the main parent company and it does not 
take into cognizance or account something that Prigiv is going to offer because the Rs.3000 
Crores number has come in the AGM of 2020 itself and that was because at that time itself 
we had embarked upon the capex plan for three products that we are now in almost in the 
final stages so this is what our MD had talked about with all this Rs.550 Crores odd that 
finally we are going to spend around in finishing and completing the three main projects, 
the backward integration and some of the expansions on the dihydromyrcenol and Amber 
Fleur and the pine oil, all this put together will take Privi closer to the Rs.3000 Crores mark, 
depending on the price increase it could be up and down by 10% plus and minus or so. As 
far as Prigiv is concerned or Givaudan products are concerned, Givaudan continues to be 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 24 
my very important customer to me, they all were always at the top two or top three 
customers and they have been so in the last 10 to 15 years Givaudan has been very, very 
important. Why Givaudan has come to us is not because they want some sort of comfort 
also it is only because they have seen Privi delivering quality technically sound products not 
just on the bulk volume but on the specialty chemicals also and Privi has the capability of 
turning around various reactions like the Grignard, the pyrolysing, the hot air insulations 
and all that sort of stuff, so we have been very, very good. Technically it is a proven thing 
that our products meet to their standards. Second we are a sustainable company having the 
backward integration into our fold, we are not left at the vagaries or mercies of the spot 
market which is what the Chinese players normally do in the pine space, so we have a 
backward integration plan and we have contracts from various CST mills across the globe. 
US, the Canada, Scandinavian countries, Russia, all of these countries where there are paper 
mills and where pine trees are cultivated to obtain the soft wood, craft wood. We have tie-
ups with many of these mills and which where CST was obtained on tender basis between 
anywhere between six months and three years some of them are work on tracks firm price 
for a year or year-and-a-half or two and some could be on an annual basis the prices differ. 
So being a sustainable player completely zero liquid discharge in our unit two and very 
shortly for all our other units also going to be zero liquid discharge. Our Jhagadia unit or the 
Gujarat unit is already a zero liquid discharge we are reusing our water so there is an RO 
plant in place, there is an MEE, there is an insulator, there is an ESP for the chimney or the 
coal thing, they feel that we are amongst the top ranked companies following ethical 
practices in manufacturing chemicals and that is why they have come to us and looked 
around and stated you could possibly be partnering us to manufacture some of these low 
volume high value products and that is the reason we have entered into a separate JV 
because they wanted to ensure secrecy with regard to the technology transfer that they are 
doing for this 40 products which currently they are manufacturing themselves for their in-
house consumption they do not sell it to anyone else. So this gives us aperture to prove our 
credentials that Privi means quality and Privi’s technical capabilities none lesser than 
anyone else in the world and always having a tie up with the world’s largest fragrance 
company it is a feather on the cap of any Indian company and that is why we have done and 
we have agreed for this JV with Givaudan which gives us our ability to showcase to the 
world yes Privi means quality and Privi means technically very sound company. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
A followup on that basically this journey from 1200 Crores of topline to 3000 Crores was 
the kind of conservative topline the timeframe that we are looking at here maybe four years 
or five years? 
Narayan Iyer: 
We are looking at another maybe two-and-a-half to three years. 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
What would be the JV doing by then maybe another four years what the significance does 
that JV bring to us in terms of numbers? 
Narayan Iyer: 
JV basically gives some sort of a comfort that Givaudan will continue to be one of my 
preferred customers so most of the profits or most of my volumes with regard to the major 
products on the pine space they are my largest consumer. So I also retain their share on my 
growth in those five big products because as we have been saying in all the investor meets 
and whoever investors have also come and met in that we will continue to maintain and 
retain the share of our volume on the pine space going forward also. If any pine like 
dihydromyrcenol keeps growing at a 4% on an yearly basis which means we are talking that 
from a 25000 ton volume of business if it is growing at 4% every year Privi will definitely 
want to maintain a 30% or 35% share of dihydromyrcenol going forward also and where 
will this increase be sold it will be definitely sold to all my customers and especially the top 
15 of the giants and top 25 global players. So we would want to ensure that we are in a 
position to keep growing going forward also, keep our customers very comfortable and treat 
us as a preferred supplier to them because going forward it is going to be a world of 
sustainable renewable raw material which is going to be a part of any sort of a blend this is 
a law which will start coming around some other countries have already taking it very, very 
seriously and it is only time that we will talk about that by following sustainable measures 
and a renewable raw material is going to be a prime importance and most of the products 
that we are manufacturing in the pine space are considered as renewable raw material and 
the processes and the technical know-how that we are adopting will make us fall under the 
renewable raw material sourcing suppliers and we will be at high demand going forward in 
that. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Okay thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Chintan Modi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my question is with respect to the other expenses going 
up very sharply during the… 
Moderator: 
The line for current participant is disconnected. The next question is from the line of 
Tanush Mehta from Sanctum Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Firstly Sir Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir I have a few questions, so firstly 
because of in Q3 we have to have a planned shutdown so can you quantify like what sales 
could have been lost during that period? 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 24 
Narayan Iyer: 
Close to about 80 to 90 Crores. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Out of all these facilities that we are having right now all of these facilities are zero 
discharge? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Currently unit two in Mahad and unit six at Jhagadia are zero discharge and the other units 
one, three, seven we are progressing towards zero discharge. 
Tanush Mehta: 
We can expect them being zero discharge in a couple of years? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Maybe by March 2023. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Basically if I was to just look at these speciality chemicals market when it comes to flavors 
and fragrances it is usually seeing that a few products when they hit the market for example 
it is musk or camphor based they have a extreme long shelf life in it and it finds this usage 
and different kind of products and varieties, so how does innovation play a role here 
because whenever the fragrance that hits the market it is usually such that the same product 
volume keeps on increasing and other players make the same product so how do we 
differentiate here or what is the key USP we have in this sector? 
Narayan Iyer: 
The key USP is my technical capability to keep upgrading and innovating to manufacture 
these products to the satisfaction of each of our customers because every customer where 
could possibly be using the same musk, but they may have a purity level also almost on 
similar lines, but there is a nose perception which is known as node, a high node or a low 
node or a medium node so this is something that we are manufacturing and we have been 
able to control the temperatures when we are manufacturing this on a continuous basis 
knowing what customers requires which particular nodes and so, so the customers are 
comfortable with the products that we are manufacturing and delivering it to them and this 
could be the only differentiation that Privi has as compared to maybe some of its 
competitors because we are continuously innovating and improving on the processes and 
the technologies that goes into manufacturing some of these bulk aroma chemicals I am 
talking about and as far as the speciality aroma chemicals is concerned very few in India are 
having the technical capability to manufacture the speciality aroma chemicals most of these 
speciality aroma chemicals from some of the overseas competitors that we are having and 
the overseas competitors were having an Indian arm in that so there the competition is 
purely on the technical front and how we are able to surpass and do an edge as compared to 
some of our competitors, so beyond that even I cannot really visualize as to what could be a 
better answer than that the product quality that we deliver to them. 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Tanush Mehta: 
Yes I understand. When we come to pricing because everything boils down to that so our 
pricing is as competitive as that of the market in spite of having a better quality than them 
or how does the pricing go like on a like-to-like basis? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Absolutely okay so on a like-to-like basis we still continue to be an Indian company and I 
am very proud of it; however, some of the global players still feel that we are not possibly 
white skinned so some of my global competition or competitors they still have an edge as 
far as the pricing is concerned but that gap has definitely come down what it was about 10, 
15 years ago and what it is today and I am in a position to get maybe a premium as 
compared to some other Chinese players who are selling or competing with us in fact on 
especially the pine based space that we are operating on. 
Tanush Mehta: 
So we said in the recent comments you spoke about that most of these may be Chinese 
companies or any companies into this segment they have these spot supplies being a major 
part of the topline taking advantage of maybe the pricing or inventory or whatever we call 
it, so as a part of our revenue what is long-term contracts as a part of our total revenue is it 
like our entire sales is based on basically what I want to understand is that out of the current 
topline that we have done how much would be towards long-term contract or how much 
would be towards spot because then our inventory is also structured in that manner? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Broadly see the long-term contracts are only with the global MNC players or even here a 
company in India like the SH Kelkar or Oriental now known as Camphor so they though 
they are competitors but they are actually my main Indian customers also and of course a 
host of other companies in India. So no Indian company believes in giving long-term 
contracts so they all believe in peer based monthly or quarterly requirements or bi-monthly 
requirements. So the global players are the ones who enter into long-term contracts, 80% of 
the major global players go in for annual contracts, about 5% or 10% go for quarterly and 
about 5% to 10% go for the half yearly contracts. So contracts prima facie account for about 
65% to 70% of my revenue so when we are formulating a budget we ensure that all the 
main products that we are into and on the pine space this can even go as high as maybe 
about 80%, 85% in fact so that the bulk of the volume of the pine and on the phenol if I am 
able to contract to the top 30 players of the world it gives me a great sense of relief to know 
that my annual budget for the next year will definitely be met or surpassed because then I 
am only left to a very limited number on the spot on the main products and as far as the 
speciality and the other products are concerned in fact having a very less competition or we 
being one of the better players in this speciality chemical definitely we will be in a position 
to sell even in the spot market if we do not have too much of long-term contracts. So having 
said that for this year also we are fairly insulated ourselves to ensure that the number that I 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 24 
just talked about have been contracted with all my 15 to 20 major global players of the 
world. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Okay if i could just squeeze it on another question? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Mehta may we request that you return to the question queue for 
followup questions. 
Tanush Mehta: 
Okay and Sir all the best for the coming quarters and I hope that you achieved 3000 Crores 
topline before you targeted. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Chintan Modi: 
The question that I was asking was with respect to the other expenses whether there was 
any one-off in that during the quarter because if when we look at sequentially we have 
grown the cells by almost 95 Crores and we have not seen any operating leverage benefits 
slowing down? 
Narayan Iyer: 
So you are only talking about the other expenses increased in this particular quarter? 
Chintan Modi: 
Yes Sir. 
Narayan Iyer: 
This other expenses increase in this quarter is on account of the phenomenal increase in the 
coal cost because in other expenses you find the operating expenses of electricity, coal for 
generating the steam so coal cost has shot off from about Rs.7 or Rs.8 to close to Rs.16 and 
Rs.17 a bulk of it was also purchased at 13 and 14 and 15 and 16 and coal forms a very 
important part of a raw material for me because I require steam in all my products, steam is 
a integral part of input to do my distillations or to do my chemical processes because 
without steam I will not be in a position to do any sort of a chemical reaction. The power 
cost in this particular quarter has been over the roof so that is one major increase of close to 
about 3.5, 4 Crores in this quarter itself I spend on power that is on coal cost. The second 
increase has been further increase in the freight expenses on the export freight, what you are 
not able to see is the freight expenditure on the RMC which is actually coming as a part of 
the cost of raw material consume and that also is a part mainly contributing to the increase 
in the RMC cost, but here in the other expenses you have export freight and selling and 
distribution expenses where if I had to compare on the June quarter because September 
quarter could be a misnomer because the volumes were not there so if I compare on June 
quarter or thus up to the September quarter rates this quarter further there has been a 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 24 
deterioration in the rates on the export freight and export freight has jumped up by another 
15% from the rates that we were giving in September and close to about 22% increase from 
the rates that we were giving in June because we at Privi believed that it is customer who 
comes first and we go all out to ensure that the products reach my customers on time every 
time and for which we do not mind even paying a little bit of extra expenses on the freight 
this we have absorbed it in the second and third quarter, but having delivered the products 
to my customers on time most of the customers have ensured that there is an increase, they 
have also allowed us an increase in the freight expenses when we have quoted for the 
calendar year 2022 many of them have also agreed to foot the bill on the increased freight 
expenditure. 
Chintan Modi: 
Okay Sir got it and second question is with respect to the mix between exports and domestic 
whether there was any change with respect to that mix compared to our normal mix or it 
remain largely the same and any specific trends that you could highlight in terms of the 
various geographies which are picking up? 
Narayan Iyer: 
No Sir, mostly it is all almost on the same lines there is not much of any change in the 
geography situation also and Europe continues to be my major customer followed by India 
and US is also very, very important market for us almost contributing about 16% of the 
thing so markets are almost same. 
Chintan Modi: 
Okay sure and just one last one that for next year considering all the price hikes and that we 
have taken can we assume your EBITDA margins to come back to you have been guiding 
like between 17% to 20% kind of an EBITDA margin range can we expect it to bounce 
back to those levels? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Absolutely. 
Chintan Modi: 
Okay fine Sir. Thank you. That was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Amar Maurya from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Amar Maurya: 
Sir thanks a lot for the opportunity again. Sir just to understand a little bit on this other 
income as you were indicating that this other income large quantum is basically a kind of 
operating income so how much percentage of this 10 Crores would be like kind of a 
operating income we can consider? 
Narayan Iyer: 
99648445. 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 24 
Amar Maurya: 
So this large part is like operating income only? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Absolutely. 
Amar Maurya: 
Secondly Sir like just to understand as you indicated like 3000 Crores kind of our revenue 
in let us say two-and-a-half to three years so is it like this will be more front-ended let us 
say considering 2023 will be the first year or it will be more back-ended kind of thing like 
coming in second or third year? 
Narayan Iyer: 
No I am not able to follow your question. 
Amar Maurya: 
So basically what I am saying here is that reaching the 3000 Crores mark let us say in next 
three years right so largely let us say we will be closing the year at let us say around 
whatever number and assuming that 2023 will be the first year 2024 will be the second 
year? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Yes, absolutely. So what you are suggesting is about two, two-and-a-half years from now 
that is correct. 
Amar Maurya: 
Basically is it like linear kind of a number or like because as you said that first year will be 
like a 40% kind of utilization for the expanded capacity and the new capacity let us say 
speciality will pick up also in the second half so is it like the second year would be a 
normalized growth year or because when I divide this number into three years basically we 
see a very hyper growth in your company? 
Narayan Iyer: 
You can expect that so if we spend a huge amount you should expect that sort of a growth 
also because this money what we have spent has to give me the returns also otherwise we 
are not interested in spending such 500 or 600 Crores and ensure that we do not grow. 
Amar Maurya: 
Well then you are just talking about more than 25%, 26% growth every year basically. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Possibly yes you have seen Privi growing at a CAGR of about 20%, 22% even the last 10, 
12 years broadly, so here we are talking about and those time we were not embarking upon 
such ambitious projects as we are now doing around and of course our bandwidth has also 
improved, we have good investors like you, we have very good bankers who are ready to 
possibly fund us, we have some good set of private equity investors who have also helped 
us in this journey. So I really feel that growing at possibly anywhere between 22% and 27% 
on a yearly basis should not be a difficulty. There have been some bad years because the 
prices on some of the aroma chemicals fell very, very low so with markets realizing that 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 24 
what should be the correct value of the most of the aroma chemicals and the specialty 
chemicals I do believe some of these will come from price escalations and most of it will 
come from the expansion that we are doing on our capacities, the new products as well as 
going forward some of the existing products where we as I have been and as we in Privi 
keep saying that it is our zeal and focus to ensure that we maintain our market share on all 
the top five products as well as on the two phenol products at Jhagadia you would like to 
maintain the market share and if that keeps happening around 3000 Crores in the next two 
to three years should be definitely achievable. 
Amar Maurya: 
Thank you Sir. Thanks a lot and best of luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a very good set of numbers. Sir the first 
question is probably it might be a difficult question and if I am attending the calls for the 
first time we have said about 3000 Crores of topline now how are we placed from the 
business development team point of view for both our domestic as well as overseas markets 
have we expanded the team we are currently in terms of expansion and how are we placed 
from that perspective? 
Narayan Iyer: 
We are not a B2C company we continue to be a B2B company prima facie so that is a 
reason that we may not require too much of people at the marketing or the business 
development level. Now having said that the new product that is now going to come about 
camphor so camphor is a product which is more Indianized I will say that it is a camphor 
has got a huge amount of relevance religiously and possibly even pharmaceutical wise also 
in fact for medicinally wise also and India is a huge consumer of camphor. I do believe that 
we may have to possibly look at selling camphor a little differently than what we have been 
selling on the aroma chemical other aroma chemicals per se in fact so that is a strategy that 
we have already evolved at the company level and our marketing business development 
people at the business development team has really strengthened up themselves to ensure to 
enter into the camphor market with all the zeal as much as they have been doing on all the 
other products. So that is the only change that will require how to sell camphor because this 
will not be a sale that can happen at a 60-day credit or a 90-day credit as you know most of 
the camphor manufacturers are in a position to sell this maybe across the counter in a seven 
day or a 10 day, 15 day, 30 day I think not beyond 30 day credit period not many 
manufacturers are offering today in fact so those could be some of the changes that we are 
gearing up internally in our company also and as far as the people and the structure per se 
for achieving almost double the sale that we will be doing in about two to three years time 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 24 
the company already has a good two tiers and three tiers of top level middle level people all 
professionally qualified in most of the departments in most of the areas whether it is the 
starting from my own finance and I have a good solid two to three layer people, there is a 
VP Finance already in place, there is a GM Finance in fact and then you have Deputy GMs 
heading each Functional Head whether it is the banking per se or their taxation per se so 
those structures have been put across. Similarly in the production level each of the units are 
considered as SBUs and above them there is going to be a functional head then you have a 
VP at the sectional places overall in charge there is also at the very senior level and all these 
functions. Our business development also there is country specific heads then you have the 
CRM that is the customer relation managers most of the strategic and key customers that it 
is so and then you have the India head so that way those layers are put in place in fact and 
we do believe that what we have done in the last three, four years it should help us really go 
ahead and meet the target of 2x Privi in three years and possibly beyond that whenever we 
come out with various launches we should be in a position to handle that sort of a volume. 
At the operational level we will possibly require some new people some new thought 
process so that recruitment keeps happening around and HR is on their toes you know to 
ensure that those requirements are met as happens. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
That was a really comprehensive reply. Sir just aligning to that in terms of the succession 
planning from the promoters any thoughts? 
Narayan Iyer: 
As you are aware we are having two promoters the Rao family and the Babani family. As 
far as the Rao family is concerned his all three sons are in the Privi business basically so 
one of them is heading the US operations entire marketing and sourcing and procurement 
and etc. His eldest son is already into the technical front he has been serving Privi for 
almost more than now 15-20 years he is basically a chemical engineer and he is a part of the 
production gamut in fact and the elder son is a person who is second in line to the 
commercial head as of now in fact. So the Rao family is very much into the Privi business 
and the succession has been thought about and the main promoter Mr. Mahesh Babani who 
is the Chairman and MD. His eldest daughter is already is a finance professional and she 
has been into the company’s finance and a little bit of the marketing operations, etc., and 
she does help us in getting an overview of that so training has already been imparted so that 
the succession planning for Mahesh bhai to pass it on to his eldest daughter Snehal Babani 
happens around and possibly at the right time a few announcements will also be made up. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Got it that was very helpful. The second question is in terms of R&D you explained the 
process in terms of the number of products in pipeline so generally what are the criteria that 
are used to screen the new products in terms of market size margins or return ratios 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 24 
competition how do we usually screen on those once these are successfully done in the lab 
as well as pilot testing and we want to go in commercial? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Excellent question and I am very happy that someone from the investor fraternity has asked 
this question like we keep talking about R&D, R&D, R&D a very beautiful question and 
the answer to that is also very interesting. All our new products that we look in at R&D are 
basically customer driven so as we say that we give a huge importance to most of our 
customers and Mr. Mahesh Babani who takes care of the R&D as well as the marketing in 
fact in his various visits to the customers or in various seminars and conferences across the 
globe that we attend on the pine space as well as on the aroma chemical space. The hunt is 
always that is to what could be the new molecules that Privi can manufacture to grow apart 
from of course growing in the space that we are already into and these ideas culminate from 
various of the customers across the globe or sometimes it also eliminates comes across from 
our competitors who try to talk about and look into it, so this hunch is picked up from there 
then and study of the market is done. Then we come back and try to find out what could be 
the source ingredient and the technical capabilities that it will be requiring to manufacture 
such products is it within the so called purview of Privi that we are doing it and if not how 
different it is from Privi’s own vision of the four main key space that we are into whether it 
will be possible or not possible. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
You were talking about you get those connects from the customer competition and then you 
come back and you start working on the drawing board in terms of sourcing the raw 
material, etc. 
Narayan Iyer: 
In some cases it is also market driven as I said as was so in the case of Galaxmusk in fact 
and we do our own introspection. First and foremost we do it at our lab scale and as you all 
are aware that both our R&D centers are recognized by Government of India. Post doing it 
at that lab and getting a clear picture as to what are the products and what are the 
ingredients that are going into manufacturing this product we also do a very dipstick study 
on with regard to the market for the product, how it could be, what could be the margins, 
what could be the IRR potential market for the product, who are our competitors currently, 
how good are their relations with our customers, where they are selling it across and how 
many of our customers are ready that if at all Privi looks at manufacturing these products 
we shall be in a position to get a share, what could be the share that we can look and tap it 
and finally what could be the growth potential going forward once we enter into this market 
in the next 3, 5, 10, 15 years. So honestly speaking all this is done about a complete IRR is 
done, a feasibility study is undertaken, a delta deviation study is also undertaken what if it 
does not happen if there is a 10%, 5%, 15%, 20% deviation to what we are thinking about 
on being a practical and an optimistic level and then thereafter we go in and look in to 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 24 
invest into this particular capex and we have a robust capex committee and we have a 
beautiful independent board where all these projects are put forth, the IRRs are calculated, 
there is a beautiful discussion that happens around and a consensus is owed around and then 
only we go ahead and take the step of actually starting spending money on commercializing 
a project. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right Sir that was really helpful and comprehensive answer. Thanks a lot and best of luck 
to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on when we reach that 3000 Crores sales number what kind of volumes 
will we pay as well as what kind of gross profit we can achieve gross profit margins? 
Narayan Iyer: 
So volume could be closer to the 50000 ton mark so that is the expansion that we have 
already put in and it is going to be there by March 2022 and my existing is around 37000 
tons plus and minus 10% here and there I think that is what we are looking between 47000, 
48000 to 52000 tons we should be in a position to touch closer to the 3000 Crores mark and 
gross margins I will not get into too much of net increases, but as we have kept repeatedly 
telling the investors and all of you, you should be looking at a margin anywhere between 
17.5% to 20% on the EBITDA level. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure Sir, if you can briefly talk about we have four segments speciality, pinene, citrol and 
phenol if you can talk about where are the gross margins the highest if you can give it in 
order? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Definitely specialty the gross margins are the best there because these are highly, high, high 
specialty products very less competition so the margins are beautiful. The second one could 
be on the pine base because we are now backward integrated ourselves so we have isolated 
ourselves from the vagaries of the Chinese and the spot market players so that is going to be 
my second space. The third will be the citral and the sandal-based products and last but not 
the least is the phenol. Phenol is something which is bulk volume very lesser margins in 
fact but it is required in every blend. So this is how I could possibly tell you how the gross 
margins work about. 
Aman Vij: 
So just one clarity the three projects which we are doing what is the peak sales we can get in 
camphor, phenol and Galaxmusk respectively? 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Narayan Iyer: 
If we are able to sell all the three to its full potential you can expect a sale of anywhere 
between 700 to 1000 Crores. 
Aman Vij: 
This is three projects combined sir I am asking individually if you can give a range? 
Narayan Iyer: 
I will have to calculate and possibly maybe in my next presentation I will be ready with that 
calculation too broadly. If I have to get back into my numbers 4500 tons of camphor 
because it all depends as to what sort of a mix I will be selling the camphor because if I am 
going to sell everything on pharma grid my revenue will be different, if I am going to sell 
something on the IT grid the revenue will be different so I can only possibly tell the mix 
once I start manufacturing camphor and sell in the market so there could be a trend that 
maybe it is 50% perfume we grid, 25%industrial grid, 25% pharma grid fine so I know this 
could be an average. So those things are too early today for me to really state what could be 
exact turnover of camphor I can only talk about volumes when I am talking it is 4500 tons 
of camphor and 4500 tons of Galaxmusk so the permutation combination will be left as per 
the demand for those products from the market. 
Aman Vij: 
Camphor if you leave out what is the peak revenue from phenol and Galaxmusk if you can 
talk about those things? 
Narayan Iyer: 
I told you it will be about close to 800 Crores for all three products put together. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay, thank you I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zubeyr from Mondrian Investment 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Zubeyr: 
Hi Mr. Narayan, thank you very much for this presentation. One question I do want to 
understand so we are talking about the 3000 Crores for the next two three, years I know we 
discussed sometime beyond that I want to understand that the numbers beyond that figure 
does that include manpower or are we talking about manpower being an optionality there 
and the existing utilization of the top five products and the new three products would take 
you to the numbers beyond 3000 Crores? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Manpower will definitely be in the story beyond 3000 Crores so as and when it happens it 
will happen around. The launch was done on November 1, 2021 and as our MD himself 
stated and I have personally also spoken to you and many investors it is at the pilot level at 
the research level we have been able to successfully crack the noble technology that we 
talked about and which is also there on our investor presentation so as and when it takes 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 24 
about five to six months for the pilot to really do a simulation as to what is done in the R&D 
level for us to really take the next step of course whether we can go ahead and 
commercialize the so-called technology that we are talking about. As of now I will not be in 
a position to give you too much of details what is beyond 3000 so definitely up to 3000 it is 
very clear with all the capex with all the expansion that we had done 3000 Crores looks 
very much inside in fact in the next three years. 
Zubeyr: 
Just one other thing would be on the other expenses I know you have discussed the power 
and fuel and the trade which is very understandable, but one thing you see as you have 
grown that the other expenses have grown year-on-year even as a percentage of revenue so 
that is fine you have grown, but at what point can you expect a level of operating leverage 
where we do see some sort of reduction not even if not reduction but at least that expense 
flattening out or do you think the current power and fuel and the forwarding cost do you 
think they have peaked and we expect some normalization as we move into next few 
quarters and years and that broader number as a percentage of your revenue in a longer-term 
perspective? 
Narayan Iyer: 
You are talking about what could be the idealistic situation of the numbers with regard to 
the fixed expenditure mitigating the volume of sales so it is prima facie if you see my fixed 
expenses actually have not gone up even in this particular quarter it is the variable 
expenditure which has shot up in this particular quarter the quarter that has just gone the 
bygone quarter so whether it has been the fuel or the freight expenses or some of the RMC 
costs all this contribute directly to variable expenditure. The fixed expenses has been very 
nominal in fact it has reduced because there is actually very limited travel happening around 
because of the pandemic that is going around, the salaries have been frozen for the last one, 
one-and-a-half years there has not been too much of a hike within the company in fact and 
most of the expenses are under the tight scrutiny so the budget itself is very, very low. So I 
can only visualize that going forward from the quarter of January 2022 or the Q4 for 
Indians and Q1 for you and based in London you will see a change in the operating margin 
because the volumes definitely are going to increase so as the revenue that I am talking 
about and to also inform all the investors that the sale performance of the revenue 
performance that Privi has clocked in the third quarter that is December 31, 2021 is a record 
for Privi. We were not able to do the 400 Crores mark in the consolidated one, but however 
we are capturing the other income we have somewhere around 405 but it was a zeal that we 
do 400 in this quarter itself. Having said that we should be able to definitely clock much 
better revenue starting from this quarter downwards from our existing product streams itself 
and with new products coming in and most of the contracts will start settling from July and 
bulk of it will start coming from December 2022. I feel Privi is in up for good times and the 

 
 
 Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited 
January 28, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 24 
variable expenses have already been considered while we have gone ahead and taken some 
of the price escalations from our customers and spot business definitely we look into what 
could be the best and how best we can absorb some of these expenses in the spot sales that 
is happening around so you will see normalcy getting restored from this quarter itself and 
better off it will start coming in from Q1 of 2022. 
Zubeyr: 
Just a very quick question on the mix so would it be 65:35, 35 fixed and 65 variable cost for 
you? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Overall variable could be about 70% and balance will be fixed so your fixed cost will be 
about 15% so your percentage of profit should improve around. 
Zubeyr: 
Okay that is fine so 70:30 is the breakeven? 
Narayan Iyer: 
Broadly yes. 
Zubeyr: 
Okay that is fine. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Narayan Iyer: 
Thank you all of you investors. It has been a pleasure talking to you all and interacting with 
all of you. I can only say that Privi stands for commitment and deliverables as far as the 
aroma chemical space is concerned, of course now we have an added responsibility for 
creating wealth to our investors, but our track record and history says that whoever having 
our investors whether it was privately held or not publicly held investors have always been 
happy around because our promoters mean business, our promoters only talk sleep, eat and 
it is completely passion towards the aroma chemicals, so with such a strong focus from the 
key promoters and a very, very, very strong lineup of the professionals who run this 
business or run Privi here we are in for good times going forward and the next two, three 
years looks to be very, very prominent for Privi and all those people who are associated 
with Privi. So on that front a great weekend to all of you, enjoy the balance day of Friday 
and thank you very much and stay invested in Privi that is what I will say. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Asian Markets Securities that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
