GREENPANEf
GPtLl202t-2022
January 25,2022
The Manager
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal Street
Mumbai-400001
Scrip Codez542857
The Manager
National Stock Exchange of tndia Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400051
Symbo! - GREENPANEL
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Conference call transcript
Please find enclosed Conference Call Transcript in respect of conference call for lnvestors and
Analysts held on January 24,2022, on the unaudited financial results of Greenpanel Industries
Limited for the quarter and nine months ended December 3t,202L.
The same is also being made available on the website of the Company at
www. green pa nel, com/i nvestor-conference-ca I l-tra nscri pt/.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For GREENPANEL INDUSTRTES LtMITED
Componv Secretorv & AVP - Leqal
ACS:18675
Encl.: As above
www.greenponel.com
Connectwith us on f Y @
Greenponel lndustries Limited
Corporote Off ce: Thopor House,
2nd Floor, 163, S.P. Mukherjee Rood
Kolkoto, West Bengol - 7OOO26
Tel No : r9l 33 4084 0600
F : +91 33 ?464 5525
(Lawkush Prdsad
ffim
w,
BusinessOffce: 3rd Floor, Plot No. 68, I RegisteredOffice:
Sector-44, Gurugrom-I22OO3, Horyono, I Mokum Rood, Tinsukio 786125, Assom
Tel No.: +91 124 4784600 
| CIN L2O1OOAS2OI7PLC0]8272
tr -grrz4 4784699 
|
Emoil: rnf o@greenoonei.co.r 
I

 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
Greenpanel Industries Limited 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Greenpanel 
Industries Limited Q3 and Nine Months FY ‘22 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar of CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day, everyone. And thank you for joining us in the Greenpanel 
Industries’ Q3 and nine months FY2022 conference call. We have 
with us today, Mr. Shobhan Mittal, Managing Director and Mr. V 
Venkatramani, CFO. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some statements made in 
today’s discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is 
available in the result presentation that was sent to you earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Shobhan Mittal to begin the 
proceedings of the call. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you, Rishab. Good evening, everyone. I wish all of you a 
happy, healthy and safe New Year and thank you for joining us to 
discuss Greenpanel’s operating and financial performance for quarter 
three FY ‘22. 
 
Business Environment improved in quarter three with the retail 
segment picking up. However, the Uttarakhand MDF plant remain 
inoperative for nearly half the quarter, initially for the 
debottlenecking and then due to the breakdown of a refiner 
component, which impacted MDF volumes. 
 

 
Page 2 of 28 
 
Net sales were up 34% year-on-year at INR 417.44 crore. Gross 
margins were up 220 basis points year on year at 57%, as we took 
price hikes to compensate for increase in raw material costs. 
EBITDA margins were up by 510 basis points at 27.2% due to price 
increases, continuous focus on superior product mix and cost 
optimization. PAT is up 107% year-on-year to INR 63.07 crore. Net 
working capital days at 13 days has shown a reduction of 20 days 
compared to the year earlier quarter. 
 
Net debt has reduced by INR 85 crore during the quarter and stands 
at INR 144 crore as on 31st December 2021. We have prepaid four 
installments of the German Bank loan amounting to EUR 8.91 
million, which equates to INR 78 crores during October 2021 and 
are targeting to be net debt free for the existing business by 
September 2022. 
 
I will now request Mr. Venkataramani to run you through the 
financials in greater detail. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I wish you and your families a very 
happy and healthy New Year. And thank you for joining us to 
discuss the Q3 FY ‘22 financial performance of Greenpanel 
Industries. 
 
In Q3, our top line increased by 34% at INR 417.44 crore. MDF 
sales grew by 40.2% at INR 350.40 crore and contributed 84% of the 
top line. MDF sales volumes degrew by 2.4% at 1,20,724 cubic 
meters since the Uttarakhand plant remained inoperative for almost 
half the quarter. MDF domestic revenues were INR 307.35 Crore 
while exports contributed INR 43.05 crore. 
 
MDF domestic volumes were 100,275 cubic meters, while export 
volumes were 20,449 cubic meters. Domestic realizations were up 
by 42.6% at INR 30,651 per cubic meter and export realizations 
were up by 49% at INR 21,051 per cubic meter. Blended MDF 
realizations were up by 44.1% at INR 29,025 per cubic meter. 
Uttarakhand MDF unit operated at 56% and AP plant operated at 
101% with blended capacity utilization of 86% for both the plants. 
 
Plywood sales grew by 8.1% at INR 67,044. Plywood sales volumes 
were down by 2% at 2.47 million square meters and the unit 
operated at 89% capacity utilization during the quarter. Plywood 
sales realizations were up by 11.5% at INR 272 per square meter. 
 
In Q3, gross margin increased by 220 basis points year-on-year at 
57%. Gross profit increased 39% at INR 238.05 crore as compared 
to INR 171.01 crore in the year-on-year quarter. EBITDA margins 
were up by 510 basis points at 27.2% compared to 22.1% during the 

 
Page 3 of 28 
 
corresponding quarter. EBITDA in value terms grew by 64.8% at 
INR 113.37 crore compared to INR 68.81 crore during the 
corresponding quarter. Profit after tax increased by 107% at INR 
63.07 crore. 
 
I’ll now update you on the performance details for nine months FY 
‘22. During the nine months period net sales grew by 82.5% at INR 
1,125.47 crore compared to INR 616.64 crore in nine months FY 
‘21. MDF sales increased by 94.9% at INR 939.99 crore, while 
plywood sales grew by 38% of INR 185.48 crore. 
 
Gross margins were up by 277 bps at 56.6% compared to 53.9% in 
nine months FY ‘21. Gross margin in value terms was up by 91.9% 
at INR 637.24 crore compared to INR 332.06 crore in the year-on-
year period. EBITDA margins are up by 899 basis points at 26.5% 
compared to 17.5% in the corresponding period. EBITDA in value 
terms increased by 176% at INR 297.90 crore against INR 107.81 
crore in the corresponding period. Post-tax profits were up by 1194% 
at INR 159.88 crore. 
 
MDF sales volumes were up 53.8% at 370,503 cubic meters with 
blended capacity utilization of the two plants at 90% compared to 
57% in nine months FY ‘21. Dispatches for plywood increased by 
25.8% at 6.83 million square meters with capacity utilization at 80% 
compared to 62% in the corresponding period. 
 
Gross debt to equity ratio now stands at 0.28 as of 31 December 
2021 compared to 0.70 as on 31 December, 2020. Net debt has 
reduced by INR 232 crore during the period and stands at INR 144 
crore as on 31, December 2021. 
 
That concludes my presentation. Please open the floor for the Q&A 
session. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question 
may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
remove yourself from the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. 
Participants are requested to use handset while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles.  
 
The first question is from the line of Chirag Lodaya from 
ValueQuest. Please go ahead. Chirag, your line is unmuted, request 
you to please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
 

 
Page 4 of 28 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Yes. Congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, if you can just 
provide us plant wise volume value and margins? And also export as 
well as domestic margins? That would be helpful. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. Just a moment, for quarter three domestic volumes were 
100275 cubic meters of which Rudrapur plant contributed 29,677 
cubic meters at an average realization of INR 31,854 per cubic 
meter. AP plant contributed 70,598 cubic meters at INR 30,145 per 
cubic meter. Export realizations on volumes of 20,449 cubic meters 
were INR 21,051 per cubic meter. 
 
Coming to the margins. Uttarakhand MDF plants had an EBITDA 
margin of 19.72% and Andhra Pradesh plant had an EBITDA margin 
of 34.53%. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Sir, can you just split South plant margins into domestic as well as 
export or overall export margin, if you can help us? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Difficult to give you an exact figure, but I would say export margin 
is probably in a range of about 15% to 18%. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Okay. Sir, again two follow up questions. So, one, how is the overall 
demand environment currently? And how sustainable are these 
margins? Last two quarters our margins have been much better led 
by improved realization. So, how should we look at it, going ahead? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So, the third wave of COVID had an impact on volumes during the 
first 12, 13 days of January, but thereafter, the volumes have started 
to pick up. I think, probably we should be somewhere around Q2 
numbers in terms of MDF volumes, which were disturbed in Q3 due 
to the closure of the Uttarakhand plant for about 43 days. And I think 
yes, we are on track to maintain the margins for Q4 as well as the 
next financial year. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Sir, what is driving margins in North plant, because, if I just exclude 
export margins from North, South plant, then domestic South 
margins would look much higher? So, what exactly is driving this 
margin, sir? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. So, the North margin -- North plant margin was impacted like I 
mentioned, the plant was closed for approximately 43 days during 
the quarter. So, the margin is much lower compared to the South 
plant at 19.72%. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
No, but sir, South domestic margins look like 35%, 36% plus. So, 
what is driving this such a high margins? 
 

 
Page 5 of 28 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think, if we look at Q3, I think, what has contributed to a 
substantial increase in the margin is the change in the mix of 
domestic and export. If we look at the first two quarters, the split 
between domestic and exports was around 67%, 68% domestic and 
about 32%, 33% exports, whereas in the current quarter the split has 
been about 84% domestic and 16% exports. 
 
So, that has contributed and also the price increases that we have 
taken. So, that has not only helped us to maintain the gross margins, 
we have even been able to slightly improve on the gross margins. So, 
with the volumes increase and I think this is probably the first 
quarter when the South plant has operated at full capacity. So, all 
these factors have contributed to the improvement in the South plant 
margins. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Right. So, just lastly, any further price hikes expected? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Sorry, one thing to note here is that the South plant actually catered 
to the North market domestically because of the closure of the North 
plant. So, it wasn’t additional volume domestically generated from 
its own market. Because of the closure of the North plant, the South 
market actually -- the South plant catered for the North plant. Hence, 
the domestic volumes were higher for the South plant. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Got it. Sir, just lastly, is there any further price hike you are looking 
to take? How is overall RM situation currently? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
We are not looking at any further price increases immediately. We 
are monitoring the RM situation and we’ll take a call, because it’s 
still too early. We just had about 20 odd days of operation in the 
current month. So, we will maintain a watch on the raw material 
situation and then take a call on price increases. 
 
Chirag Lodaya: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, I’d like to remind our 
participants to limit their question to three per participant, if time 
permits, you may join the queue for any follow up. The next 
question is from the line of Karan Bhatelia from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
 
Moderator: 
You are. 

 
Page 6 of 28 
 
 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Yes. Sir, once we are done with the debottlenecking at the South 
location, what are we planning next in terms of capacity additions? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
We are still working on that, we are in technical discussions with the 
vendors. And we’ll probably take a decision by the end of the current 
financial year. 
 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Right. And what kind of revenue mix have we seen in terms of retail 
versus the institution? And are we on track with respect to what  
your targets were? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, we have seen a significant improvement in the mix between 
retail and institutions. And, I think in future that will become 
irrelevant, because we have removed the price difference between 
retail and OEM. So, now they’re being billed on the same price. This 
has been made effective from 1st December. 
 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Superb. And one last question from my end.  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
And just for information, the mix in this quarter was about 95% 
retail and 5% OEM. 
 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Superb. And last question from my end is, what kind of dealer 
distribution addition have we seen for the nine months? And what 
have we targeted for next three years? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. Basically, we had a target of adding about 2,200 dealers -- 
sorry, 800 dealers during this two year period of FY ‘22, and FY ‘23. 
During the current financial year, we have added about 316 dealers 
in MDF. Although the number was significant low in the December 
quarter, but over the nine months period, we have added 316 in MDF 
against a target of 400. So, possibly we should be on track to achieve 
the dealer increase in the current financial year. 
 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Okay, okay. That’s it from my end. Thank you.  
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanskar Singhla 
from Edelweiss Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Sanskar Singhla: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations on good set of numbers. So, my first 
question is why there is a drop in the plywood volumes and margins, 
like what do you see in this segment? And when the margins will be 
returned back to the normal? 
 

 
Page 7 of 28 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Regarding the drop in the volumes, normally the festive months of 
October and November do see a drop in plywood volumes every 
year. And I think the fact that we also took a 4% increase in this 
quarter that also had an impact on the plywood volumes. So, we 
have taken a 4% increase in this quarter, and we’ll be taking another 
3% increase in the current quarter. So, hopefully that should help 
improve the plywood margins in Q4. 
 
Sanskar Singhla: 
And what about volumes, sir? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Volumes, again, like I mentioned the first 12, 13 days have been 
impacted in January. So, I think probably we’ll do slightly better 
than Q3 in terms of plywood volumes. 
 
Sanskar Singhla: 
Okay, okay. That’s great, sir. My second question is, like your 
margins in the MDF segment is 30%, despite the business having 
been impacted due to shut down. So, what could be the peak margin 
here and how long it could sustain? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think we are close to the peak margin. So now our effort will be to 
keep the margin stabilized at these levels rather than go for any 
further price increases and thereby increase the margins, but which 
could also impact our volumes. So, I think we are happy with the 
current levels of pricing and margins. 
 
Sanskar Singhla: 
Okay. Sir, last question, any finalization on the CapEx part, where 
do you want to invest like in the MDF or in the other segments you 
are looking forward? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think probably our first investment will be in MDF. But we are 
likely to finalize the plans in the March quarter. 
 
Sanskar Singhla: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. That’s all. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kutty 
from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Sir, firstly, with regard to the overall value performance, and you 
highlighted that this quarter was impacted because of the 
Uttarakhand being down. But in general, the industry volumes, how 
would they be tracking? Because nine month number obviously 
looks very good because we had a COVID impact and all of that, but 
in general, how does the industry track volumes right now? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think the industry has been doing better because they did not have 
the loss that we suffered due to the closure of the plant. So, definitely 

 
Page 8 of 28 
 
industry volumes would have been significantly better than us in this 
quarter. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Any number to put, sir, I mean, would it have been growing at the 
past rates of last year, which you’ve been growing at? Because that 
kind of gives us confidence that the volume has actually not been 
impacted despite the price increases. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, Yes, I definitely think so. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Okay, okay. Any number in terms of what the industry would have 
grown? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, not for this particular quarter. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Okay, sure. Sir, second question is while you did highlight that, 
obviously, we would be pretty much at peak margins right now and 
the effort is to keep the margins stable. So, just want to understand, 
typically, when the raw material, if it starts reversing, if and when, 
how much of this pricing, we would be actually able to retain or is it 
because it’s a competitive market you’ll have to kind of give back 
again, all of that to the market? How does that typically work in let’s 
say, in a falling market scenario? I’m sure we’ve tested this in the 
past as well, but what’s your thoughts on that? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. Whenever there’s a significant downtrend in raw material costs, 
I think we’ll be passing on the benefits to the market albeit with a 
time gap, just because whenever we face raw material cost pressures 
price increase to the market happens after time lag of about 15 days 
to a month. So, on the downward journey also, I think, price 
reductions will happen with a time gap. Although, we would 
probably pass on most of the benefits to the consumers. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Okay. Most is passed on, there’s no way we can retain any part of it, 
like? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. I said, most, I didn’t say all. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Correct. Understood. Just a clarification on this part, sir, is the raw 
material situation right now pretty much under control as in -- 
because you said you don’t want to take any more further price 
increases? So, have we kind of covered for most of our raw material 
inflation, or with all this pricing, right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, we have covered everything up to December. In fact, our 
realisations should further improve in this quarter. Because in Q3, 
we took three price increases at different points of time aggregating 
to 17%. So, not everything is reflected in this quarter’s realization. 

 
Page 9 of 28 
 
So, probably, you’ll see a further improvement in Q4 realizations, 
which should probably help us to sustain some of the raw material 
cost pressures, which might go up again in this quarter. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Understood. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So, I think, if there’s any significant increase in raw material prices, 
then we might be forced to look at an increase in selling prices. But 
otherwise, we are happy to maintain the selling prices at this level. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
But barring the fact that there was this Uttarakhand plant impact 
otherwise because of price increases, there was no volume impact as 
such. So had it been a normalized quarter, we were looking at a good 
volume number as well, that’s what I’m trying to understand. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think so. Because like I mentioned competitions generally, the 
report has been that they had a very good quarter. So, I think yes, if 
we had been up and running, we would have also improved on the 
volume front, although possibly we would have slightly increased 
the allocation to exports also. Not all the increase would have gone 
into the domestic segment. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Understood. My last question, sir is on the investment side, like you 
said, you will probably make a decision on -- in the month of March 
about it. But you’re also highlighting about that there might be 
bottlenecking in the AP plant as well. How much would that be 
leading to capacity expansion for us? And again, in terms of CapEx, 
are we kind of not looking at probably a Greenfield because the 
balance sheet is much more stronger? Or is the thoughts still on kind 
of maybe is there again, some more space to expand in your 
Brownfield as well? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. First on the AP plant the debottlenecking is currently in 
process. So, I think we’ll probably resume production at the AP plant 
on Monday or Tuesday next week. And with regard to the expansion, 
I think we’ll probably look at a Brownfield expansion in Andhra 
Pradesh initially because we have a lot of land availability. So, I 
think first efforts would be to do a brownfield expansion in Andhra 
Pradesh. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Understood. But this week -- this quarter also you’ll have an impact 
of the debottlenecking because of AP, right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think probably for about -- Yes it won’t be as significant as 
the Uttarakhand plant where we had a shutdown for almost 43 days, 
here it will probably be for a period of about seven to eight days. 
 
Prashant Kutty: 
Sure,. Thank you so much, sir. I shall come back. All the very best. 

 
Page 10 of 28 
 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Jain from 
Birla Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Hitesh Jain: 
Hi, good evening, sir. So, basically, I want to ask you, what is the 
situation on the MDF import side? Since the domestic prices have 
now gone up, do you think that the imports can start again into the 
country or you think they will remain soft only? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So, Shobhanji, can you please take that? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, I’ll take that, I think the situation worldwide is that the there is 
acute shortage of MDF across the world and a lot of the markets are 
booming currently. So, I don’t foresee imports to have a kickstart so 
soon. Also, there has been a breakage of the regular sort of channels 
of imports coming into the market, because for the past two years, a 
lot of the importers have moved their business model to working 
with domestic producers and prices continue to remain high, freight 
continues to be a challenge and expensive at the same time. 
 
So, also the domestic market has moved on to MDF acceptance in 
the form of various value-added products. In fact, almost 50% of our 
sales in today’s date is of value-added products, which is not being 
imported at all. So, I don’t foresee imports becoming an immediate 
threat in the near future to be honest with you. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
To add to that, Vietnam, which was one of the major exporters of 
MDF to India is now seeing a lot more significant increase in 
domestic consumption, because they are replacing China as one of 
the major furniture exporters to U.S. and Europe. So, I think a lot of 
exports to India have also dropped because of this fact. 
 
Hitesh Jain: 
Fine, sir. Thank you. And my second question is on the MDF 
pricing, differential pricing. So, if I heard you correctly, during the 
call before, you mentioned that there is no significant difference 
between the retail and the OEM price, right? Did you mention the 
same thing? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, I said there is no difference. 
 
Hitesh Jain: 
Okay. So, my question is, since I don’t have any background of this 
pricing scenario for both the customer bucket, would you believe 
that in last nine months, since there is not major difference now, the 
price increase in the OEM segment is much higher than the retail 
segment? 
 

 
Page 11 of 28 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, that’s definitely true. Because OEM segments used to get 
discounts of around 6% compared to retail, so now that difference 
has been removed. So, the price increase is much higher for the 
OEM segment. 
 
Hitesh Jain: 
Okay, fine. So, thank you very much, sir. These are two questions 
from my side. Appreciate it. Thank you. 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, like to remind our 
participants to limit their question to two per participant, if time 
permits you may join the queue. Thank you. The next question is 
from the line of Balaji Vaidhyanath from NAFA Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Balaji Vaidhyanath: 
Good evening, sir. 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Good evening. 
 
Balaji Vaidhyanath: 
Sir, just wanted to understand few aspects this 43 odd days of sales 
that we lost from the Uttarakhand plant, some of it were 
compensated because of the South plant, but what about the lost 
market share? Because those distributors would have taken 
competitor products given the high demand scenario. So, how does it 
work? It reverts to normalcy now, or -- I mean, we have to once 
again kind of look to capture the lost market share? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
No, we wouldn’t have lost market share, because generally dealers 
rotate between all the three, four major manufacturers. They like to 
keep their options open. So, they do their purchases, most of the 
dealers purchase from all the major manufacturers. So, I think now 
that we will be able to supply and in fact, we are already seeing, like 
I mentioned, the first 10, 12 days volumes were impacted due to the 
third wave of COVID. But now the volumes have come back to 
normal at the Uttarakhand plant. So, I don’t think we have lost any 
permanent market share. 
 
Balaji Vaidhyanath: 
Great to know. And what is the kind of insurance claim that one can 
expect due to this component breakdown that you had mentioned? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, we are still in the process of submitting the claim. So at a very 
rough guess, I think it would probably be in the range of about INR 8 
crore to INR 10 crores, but we will account for it once the claim is 
accepted by the insurance company. 
 
Balaji Vaidhyanath: 
Okay. And one slightly macro question is there has been a lot of 
importance given to manufacturing of toys in India, many toy 

 
Page 12 of 28 
 
clusters are being set up all over the country, including West Bengal, 
UP, Karnataka and all these places. So, a lot of wooden toys also 
getting manufactured. So, is there some scope for MDF to also look 
at this particular segment of toys? And in the future would it be a 
tracking parameter to see the MDF volumes, wherein you split 
between the furniture and the non-furniture part? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I mean, that segment is important. I mean, even today, toys and 
handicrafts continue to be a very important element of our business. 
And with the growth of these toy manufacturing clusters, I’m sure 
we will see some benefit coming to us as well. 
 
As far as the segregation of sales in the furniture and non-furniture 
segment is concerned, unfortunately, because majority of our sales is 
being routed through our retail partners, we unfortunately don’t 
receive such data directly. And we don’t have the IT infrastructure 
installed at our partners’ facilities in order to be able to obtain that 
data. So, I think that data is best estimated, will be very rough, but 
very hard to get very accurate numbers. 
 
Balaji Vaidhyanath: 
Okay. Lastly, Venkatji, on the working capital of around 13 days, so 
this is arguably the best that would be possible in terms of number of 
days, right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think so. You can never rule out small improvements. But 
looking at the immediate future, I think yes, we’ll probably go in for 
some increase in wood inventory in the quarter. So, probably we 
could see a small increase in working capital days in Q4. 
 
Balaji Vaidhyanath: 
Okay. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani 
from GMO and Company. Please go ahead. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Hi, Shobhanji and hi, Mr. Venkatramani. Congratulations on the 
good set of numbers. 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Hello. Thank you. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
This quarter we lost close to around INR 58 crore revenue as you 
mentioned on MDF, which is around 16.5% of our quarterly MDF 
revenue, despite that, we are able to do 35% kind of MDF margins. 
So, if you include the gross revenue, we could have done easily 35% 
plus MDF margins, is math correct? 
 

 
Page 13 of 28 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I don’t think we can really estimate what could have happened, but 
yes, considering that we were able to achieve a 30% margin in this 
quarter. Yes, for this particular quarter if the Uttarakhand plant had 
operated normally we would still have lost a few days because of the 
debottlenecking exercise. But yes, I think yes, in this particular 
quarter, margins could definitely have improved by about 300 basis 
points. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
So, just want to understand, considering from February when you 
were 20% more volume where overhead has remained more or less 
similar compared to earlier. You’ve already taken three price hikes 
in December full impact will be there in the first quarter. Or already 
we are seeing 35% kind of normal margin ex., all the one-off. So, 
why are we conservative on the guidance and the margins, if current 
environment and our facility infrastructure can easily do 35% to 
37%, 38% kind of EBITDA margins? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See you can’t really estimate whether in future you will be able to 
pass on the raw material cost increases. The fact that we have been 
successful so, far does not guarantee that we are able to do it in 
future also. I think just on account of price increases, realizations 
have improved by more than 30% over the past 12 months. So, I 
think, as we get into more raw material cost increases, it will be 
difficult to pass on the full impact of those increases. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Thank you. But from the competitive point of view, nobody is you 
can say now aggressive in terms of sizing and the undercutting on 
the margin, right? Everybody’s playing very smartly. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think if that was not the case, we would not have been able to 
implement so many price increases. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Sure. And so, and for next six, nine months, there is no additional 
volume coming from the industry, right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think so, but I’m not very sure about when Century’s brownfield 
expansion in Punjab will start operations. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. Sure. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal 
from Mittal Analytics. Please go ahead. Ayush, your line is unmuted. 
Please go ahead. 
 
. 
 

 
Page 14 of 28 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity, sir and congratulations on a 
great set of numbers. Sir, my first question is that in the last quarter, 
and MDF realizations in the South were around 25,500, and this 
quarter, they have jumped to more than 30,000, if I heard it 
correctly. But we don’t see any subsequent increase in margin. So 
one, what led to this realization? Was it all because of raw materials? 
And two, is there any product mix changed as well? This is my first 
question. 
 
V. Venkatramani:  
Yes, it’s a mix of two, three factors. One, like I mentioned, we took 
an aggregate of three price increases aggregating to 17%. From 1st 
December, we have also eliminated the price difference between 
retail and OEM. And the third factor was, we have also seen an 
improvement in product mix. So, all these have together contributed 
to an improvement in realizations. On the margin front, there’s been 
no significant improvement, primarily because the Uttarakhand plant 
was shut for about 43 days. So we lost about, I would say, almost 
18,000 cubic meters in volume which would have led to a significant 
improvement in the margins. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
I was talking about margins in the South particularly. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
If you look at the south plant, in Q2 our margins were about 33.49%. 
 
Ayush Agarwal:  
Right. 
 
V. Venkatramani:  
So, there’s been a marginal improvement of about 100 basis points. 
But what we also must look at is, we were also supplying to areas 
which are traditionally serviced by the North plant. Hence, we also 
saw a steep increase in, domestic freight costs, because almost the 
entire supplies for the northern region were happening from the 
South plant. So, I think that is probably contributed about 1% impact 
on EBITDA margins. 
 
Ayush Agarwal:  
Okay, that makes sense. And sir, right now what would be our 
premium in realization over competition in the South or AP, 
particularly? 
 
V. Venkatramani:  
I think in the South our major competitor is Rushil Decor. So, I think 
we would be at a premium of 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
About 3% like I said. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, about 3% to 3.5% percent compared to Rushil. 
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Right. And this 17% hike that we took was mostly in December as 
you mentioned, so can we see realizations… 
 

 
Page 15 of 28 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, it was not mostly in December, it was the mix of October and 
November. 
 
Ayush Agarwal:  
All right. So this will be the base, at least for Q4. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think there will be some impact in the current quarter realization.  
 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Alright. And sir, my last question is that, given that MDF prices have 
gone up a lot in the last one, one and a half years, at what price point 
will MDF be non-remunerated for the homeowners to installers, or 
probably look at other alternatives? So I mean, MDF, one of the 
selling point also was that it was cheaper, and it was better and could 
replace cheap plywood. So at what price point, will retailers start 
looking at alternatives? 
 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Well, I mean, I don’t think that is a justified price point to that extent 
because as acceptance grows of MDF, and it starts becoming the 
preferred material of choice. For example, historically, plywood has 
every year, gone up in price, but there hasn’t been a very close 
substitute at that point of time with the way we manufacture 
furniture. I think the same would apply to MDF. Obviously, the only 
threat that will continue to linger on would be an alternative source, 
which would be important. But as long as that is addressed, I don’t 
foresee that there would be an easy replacement of MDF as of 
material return. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
And the plywood industry has also been taking price increases. I 
think, it was probably about two or three days back, that the 
Yamunanagar Plywood Association announced price increase of 8% 
with immediate effect. So, probably, that would not lead to a 
substantial difference between the MDF and cheap plywood prices. 
 
Ayush Agarwal:  
Right. That was helpful, sir. Thank you so much for your answers. 
And good luck ahead. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Chheda 
from Canara Robeco. Please go ahead. 
 
Akshay Chheda:  
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just one question, like you 
did mention that you will be taking the final call in the March quarter 
for the Brownfield expansion, but any rough cut estimates like what 
could be the intensity of the CapEx and the timeline for the same? 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
It’s too premature to answer that. We are exploring multiple options 
with the vendors, also looking at current scale of operations and 
what kind of investment would balance that out for us to offer the 

 
Page 16 of 28 
 
most optimal product portfolio. So, I think it’s too premature to give 
you an answer in terms of capacity or the CapEx size. We will need 
another three, four months before we have some clarity on that. 
 
Akshay Chheda:  
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Venkat Samala from 
Tata AMC. Also, participants are requested to limit their questions to 
two per participant. If time permits, you may join the queue for 
follow up. Mr. Samala, please go with your question. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Hi, sir. Thanks. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, my question is 
just a follow up of the previous participant’s question. I understand 
that you are still kind of thinking about what the right CapEx should 
be, and the product mix should be, but assuming you do take a call 
of Brownfield expansion by Q4 exit, so when will it get 
commissioned? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I mean, we can take a period of about 18 to 24 months. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
Right. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Okay, okay. Okay. Sure, sure, sure. And this is a follow up, I mean, 
we have seen some of the other wood panel companies thinking 
about how should the company look like three or five years hence 
from here and therefore, formulate three to five year plans. So are 
you also thinking on the same lines, obviously, if the demand 
environment looks very good, right, so are you also thinking about 
that, I mean, putting more investment into use and expanding across 
different categories, including MDF, of course? 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
Well, I think our immediate focus is, optimizing our existing 
operations and obviously, I think with the new expansions that we 
are planning, I think we will have our sort of projections cut out for 
us for the next three, three and a half year because there is a 
investment period, then there is gestation period and then there is the 
optimization phase of the plant. So I think that already would put us 
on track for the next three, four years, sort of targets for our 
company. So internally we have those sort of planned, but obviously, 
these would become more concrete when we’ve decided on the exact 
expansion numbers and plans. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Right, right, right, right, right. Sir, and if the Brownfield expansion, 
say, would take 18 to 24 month, so then I mean, seeing the demand 
that we are, so then we would largely running out of capacity, right? 
There could be several instances of lost demand, right? I mean, even 
after the capacity expansion that we are undertaking. 
 

 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
No, I think that may not be the case if we are assuming about a 15% 
sort of market growth for MDF, and given the fact that the existing 
plants being European supply can optimally run at 110% to 115% 
capacity plus the 20-odd percent that we get from the 
debottlenecking, I think we are -- we should be quite comfortable in 
terms of additional capacity available to us over the next few odd 
years before the new plants come online. So, we don’t foresee a very 
big sort of gap between before the new plants come online. 
 
Moderator:  
Mr. Shobhan, actually your line is slightly flickering and it’s 
breaking a bit. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
Sorry. Is it better now? 
 
Moderator:  
Yes. More or less the same, but Yes, still better. Can you -- go 
ahead, please, sir. Thank you. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
Yes, so, what I’m trying to say is that we don’t foresee a very big 
sort of gap between when the plants come on and we won’t be 
constrained by capacity. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Right, right, right. So sir, as you said, I mean, you could operate at 
115% to 120%, so, could you also put out a figure? I mean, what 
could be the -- I mean, when you operate the plants post capacity 
expansion at the limit, when you push all the limits, what could be 
the max volumes that can be delivered out of the current facilities? 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
So you mean to say from our existing locations? 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Yes, Yes, existing locations, after increasing -- after the 
debottlenecking exercise. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
See, in an MDF plant, a lot of it boils down to the product mix. If 
I’m producing a certain thickness, I may be getting a certain output, 
but as the market demands a different thickness, there is a different 
output based on every thickness, every density. So it will pretty 
much boil down to the product mix that we finally get in terms of 
demand from the market. So -- but, I would say some comfortably 
that it’s easy to output maybe between 650,000 to 700,000 cubic 
meters from our existing two plants. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Okay, okay. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
After the debottlenecking. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Okay, okay. Okay. So 700,000 would be kind of possible? 
 

 
Page 18 of 28 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
Yes. And of course, the disclaimer here is the product mix, because, 
now like I said, we’re going into a lot of value added products, 
which are higher density nature and which like, for example, a club 
or exterior grade product. Although operating margin on that are 
much higher than our standard product, but obviously the production 
goes down to a certain mix. So, we are still able by producing those 
value added products, because although they are lower in volumes, 
but margins are far higher than the standard product. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Understood, understand. And my last question would be, this time, 
obviously, we’ve seen the export mix kind of come down to one of 
the lowest in the history. So how much sustainable would this be in 
the near-term Q4 and Q1? 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
Well, the export volumes have come down -- you’re talking about 
the export volumes, right? 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Yes, correct. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
So, actually, the reason for the export volumes coming out was 
because of the Uttarakhand plant shutting down. And we did not 
want to sort of give a too much of a gap in the domestic supply. 
Hence, we diverted the export allocation to the domestic plant, to the 
Andhra plant, as we mentioned before. But now the Uttarakhand 
plant is up and running, I think we would go back to normalcy on the 
export side as well. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So we’ll try to give the export mix at between 15% to 20% of the 
total volume. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Okay, okay. So then it is permanently coming down, right? I mean, 
we used to do 30% to 35%, so… 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, I wouldn’t say permanently because it will always depend upon 
demand conditions in the domestic market. So, if there is any drop in 
demand in the domestic market, we’ll increase allocation to export. 
And if the domestic markets are doing good, we will increase 
allocation to the domestic market. Again, when we come up with an 
expansion, initially the domestic markets will not be able to absorb 
all the increased production. So, at that time again, we’ll increase the 
allocation to the export market, because it will take time to build the 
retail network to take on the additional volumes in the domestic 
market.  
 
Venkat Samala:  
Understood… 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
There will always be, depending upon certain factors, we’ll always 
see differences between allocation to domestic and export, but our 

 
Page 19 of 28 
 
target is to keep the mix at around 80% to 85% domestic and 15% to 
20% export. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Understood. And near-term is the domestic strong enough to keep 
the domestic mix at 80% to 85%? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, so in January again, the retail segment was disturbed due to the 
third wave of COVID. So, we saw a fall in volumes in the first 10 to 
12 days, but it started to return to almost normal from around the 
13th and 14th. If that continues, I think, we will continue to keep the 
export mix between 15% to 20%. 
 
Venkat Samala:  
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Wish you all the best. Thank 
you. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from 
YES Securities. The participants are requested to please limit their 
question to two per participant. Thank you. 
 
Udit Gajiwala:  
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir just one 
follow up, when we were talking about the Brownfield expansion, I 
believe that in previous call, we had mentioned that the MDF 
machineries across the globe are not available or some -- there’s 
some constraint over there. So how we’ll be able to source for our 
Brownfield expansion going ahead? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay… 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
I mean – sorry, go ahead. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, please continue. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
No, there is no I mean, there’s no challenge in sourcing the material, 
it’s only the lead times that are challenging. So, it’s not that 
machinery is not available, it’s just a matter of agreeing on an 
acceptable lead time. The lead times have been prolonged now, 
because of the sort of restart of investments across the board. So 
once we’ve chosen the supplier, once we’ve chosen the 
configuration of the line that is when we will have a clearer picture 
on the lead times for the gravies of the plant. But as Venkat 
mentioned 18 to 24 months commissioning time, I think that is very 
much still possible. 
 
Udit Gajiwala:  
Got it. Got it, sir. Thank you for the clarification, sir. That’s it from 
my end. 
 

 
Page 20 of 28 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
Sure. 
 
Udit Gajiwala:  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agarwal 
from VT Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal:  
Yes. Good evening, sir. Sir, could you just explain why the plywood 
realizations have gone down? You said you’ve taken some prices 
hikes, but in the presentation it was 279 in the last quarter, and it’s 
272 in this quarter. So any reason for that? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. So basically, normally, October to December is possibly not a 
very good quarter for plywood because most people prefer to 
complete their interior work before Diwali. So Q3 is one of the weak 
quarters in a year. And secondly, there was also a fall in the mix of 
decorative veneers as compared to the earlier quarter. So that’s the 
reason for a fall in realization, due to the product mix, and not due to 
any price reductions. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal:  
Okay. But you did -- you’ve taken price hikes in the -- in one 
segment, in the plywood segment as well. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, we have taken a price increase of 4% from 1st November, but 
that was implemented only from 1st December. So, we got the 
benefit of that only for one month in this quarter. Further, in the 
current quarter, we’ll be getting the full benefit of that 4% hike, and 
we have taken a further price increase of 3% from 1st January which 
will be implemented from 1st February. We will also get the benefit 
of that for about two months. So, I think, yes, that should help to 
improve both realizations and margins in Q4. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal:  
Perfect, sir. Sir, like, what was the total price hike in the -- on the 
raw material front? I mean, this chemical prices and wood prices in 
Q3? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
There were different price increases, and it would be very difficult to 
quantify, because normally the impact of that comes after sometime, 
because we are carrying about 30 to 45 days of wood inventory. So, 
I’ll not be able to give you the impact of the price increase in this 
quarter. But overall, if we look at the nine months period, I think we 
have seen a hike of about 10% in wood prices in the North, about 5% 
in South and chemicals, there have been different range of price 
increases in different chemicals. So about 25% in some, about 40% 
in some, about 100% in some chemicals. So I think probably about, 
on an average about 35% increase in chemical prices over the past 
one year. 
 

 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Nikhil Agrawal:  
Okay. 35%. Okay, sir. And sir, like, just one last question, I know 
you said that you will be announcing CapEx plans in quarter four, 
but like is there -- can you give any idea of which segment are you 
really targeting? Is it plywood, is it laminates, or is it -- will it be 
particleboard, given that particleboard is a higher margin product? 
So, anything on that? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I couldn’t get you. Could you please repeat that?  
 
Nikhil Agrawal:  
So am I audible now? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal:  
Sir, you said -- I know you said that your -- you will be announcing 
your capacity expansion plans in Q4. But I just wanted to get an idea 
which segments will you be getting into? Will it be MDF or will it 
be any other segment of the plywood sector, like plywood or 
laminates or particleboard? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
The first expansion will definitely be in MDF. At the moment, we 
are not considering any expansions in plywood or entry into the 
particleboard segments. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Vora from 
Abaqus AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Vora:  
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Just one data point 
specifically, I wanted to know, what is the share of our value-added 
products right now? And if you can help me, what would be the 
blended realization that we make in value added products? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Okay. So, value added products contribute about 48% in volume 
terms. I’m saying this only for the domestic market. So about 48% in 
volume terms and about 59% in value terms. And basically, the 
value-added products are Club grade MDF, exterior grade MDF, pre-
laminated MDF, and wood floors. 
 
Nikhil Vora:  
Understood. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So these are the value added products. And they comprise about 48% 
in volume terms and about 59% in value terms. 
 
Nikhil Vora:  
Understood. And this is specifically for this quarter, you’re saying, 
right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
That’s correct. 
 

 
Page 22 of 28 
 
Nikhil Vora:  
And sir, just in terms of an understanding from this value added 
products, is it possible -- how much more can we scale this value 
added products? It can become 100% of our overall business, MDF 
business? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, I don’t think so because many of the consumers would not be 
going for the value-added products. I think although we would see 
an increase in volume of value added products, I don’t think the 
percentages would go beyond this level. 
 
Nikhil Vora:  
Understood, sir. And I understand you alluded to the import 
question. But specifically, this is more broad based in terms of not 
just currently how the situation is panning out but over the next one 
or two years, do you think this situation that is panning out in 
Vietnam, specifically because of replacement demand from China, 
do you think it is any way structural in nature and we might not see 
the same level of imports we used to see in the past? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, I think that’s definitely the case for Vietnam and Indonesia. 
Thailand, we have to wait and watch how it pans out. But if 
international prices remain at this level, I don’t see any significant 
threat to the domestic manufacturers. 
 
Nikhil Vora:  
Understood, understood. Thank you so much, sir. Thanks. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Gala from 
iWealth Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
Am I audible? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator:  
Yes, you are. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Please go ahead. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
Hi, sir. Happy New Year to the Greenpanel team and great set of 
numbers, sir. Sir, just a little clarification that I wanted from your 
end. You said that the volumes in the industry were much better. 
And that if the Rudrapur plant would have been up and running, we 
would have done better in terms of volume, is that right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
That’s correct. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
So this is the top manufacturers of MDF, who have done better -- 
really well in terms of volume. Correct? 

 
Page 23 of 28 
 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, in terms of capacity utilization. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
Capacity utilization. Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. And the other 
thing, sir, looking at our current realization of 29,000, the blended 
realization that we have in MDF, should now -- do you see that 
staying at this range for the near future, or do we -- will we take a 
call on it based on the raw material pricing, depending on the 
increase or decrease in the price? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, that’s correct. We’ll take a call depending upon raw material 
prices. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
Okay. So it could be both… 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Which could be both upwards and downwards. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
So, what is the trend that you’re seeing now, when it comes to the 
raw material as to sustainability of this current realization? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I think the current realizations are sustainable, unless there’s a steep 
drop in raw material prices, which does not appear possible at this 
point of time, because most of the chemicals are derivatives of crude 
and wood prices are going up. So, I don’t see any major fall in 
chemical prices. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
Correct. And also, Shobhan Ji also mentioned that there was a -- 
there’s a shortage going on in the MDF side in the -- on a worldwide 
basis. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
That’s correct. 
 
Pranav Gala:  
Okay. Okay, okay, sir. Great, sir. Thank you so much. And all the 
best. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from 
Invest Research. Please go ahead. 
 
Anika Mittal:  
Hello. Am I audible? 
 
Moderator:  
Yes, please go ahead. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
 

 
Page 24 of 28 
 
Anika Mittal:  
Sir, actually I wanted to know what is the impact on revenue due to 
the closure of MDF facility in terms of quintals, can you tell with 
how many quintals we have lost into the closer of MDF facility? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, we have lost approximately 18,000 cubic meters in this quarter. 
And at current realizations for the North plant, that would have been 
approximately INR 58 crore. 
 
Anika Mittal:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Ramaya as 
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Utkarsh Ramaya:  
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So I just had one question on the 
market. Given that a lot of capacities are coming on in FY ‘24, I just 
wanted your view on how do you think the supply-demand dynamics 
will play out? If any -- if that will affect price realizations, and 
please if you can give just like numbers, the estimated demand and 
supply which is coming on screen against that? It will be very 
helpful. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, sure. At the end of FY ‘21, we had domestic capacities of 
approximately 1.9 million cubic meters. And by the end of the 
current year, considering Rushil Decor’s expansion in South India, 
we should have about 2.3 million cubic meters of domestic MDF 
capacities. And I think we’ll probably be at capacity utilization of 
around 75% for the industry as a whole by the end of this year. And 
over the next two to three years domestic capacities could increase 
from 2.3 million to 3 million cubic meters, based on expansions 
which have already been announced by listed or unlisted players. Of 
course, any capacity expansion by Greenpanel would be in addition 
to that. And we estimate based on a 14% to 15% annual growth, 
demand should be around 2.5 million cubic meters. So, I think yes, 
we won’t see any significant reduction in capacity utilization, and 
that’s what gives stability to the prices. 
 
Utkarsh Ramaya:   
Okay. And sir, today’s demand stands at? As of today, the industry 
demand? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Excuse me? 
 
Utkarsh Ramaya:   
Today’s industry… 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I won’t be able to give you the figures for today. I can give you the 
figures for FY ‘21. So, for FY ‘21, against domestic capacities of 1.9 
million cubic meters demand was about 1.5 million cubic meters, 
which is about a 77% capacity utilization. And for the current year, 
we estimate that on a capacity of 2.3 million cubic meters demand 

 
Page 25 of 28 
 
should be somewhere between 1.7 million to 1.8 million cubic 
meters. So roughly around the same level of capacity utilization as 
last year. 
 
Utkarsh Ramaya:  
Okay. Understood. So, is it fair to say that when demand is at 
approximately 75% of the industry supply, the market stays at 
equilibrium and in a good condition? Is it a good price? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, you can say that, because the organized players, the three, four 
organized players in the industry operate on a much higher level of 
capacity utilization. Like last year, the industry’s capacity utilization 
was 77%. But if you look at the organized players, it was probably 
90% plus. 
 
Utkarsh Ramaya:  
Okay. Understood, sir. That was very helpful. And just one more 
question, sir, as of today, how much of a debottleneck capacity is 
commissioned? Like from 540, how much have we reached to, as of 
today? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
So there has been a marginal increase at Uttarakhand plant where 
capacity has increased from 180,000 to 216,000. But like Shobhanji 
mentioned earlier during the call, this will also depend upon the 
density and thicknesses of the products manufactured and also the 
mix of value-added products. So, it’s not a number we would say 
that this is the absolute capacity of the plant. Depending upon 
product thicknesses, product density, and the mix of value-added 
products, this number could increase or reduce. 
 
Utkarsh Ramaya: 
Okay. And will this debottlenecked capacity will be entirely utilized 
in Q4? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes, for the Uttarakhand plant, we should be close to optimum 
capacity utilization. For the Andhra plants, this is happening in the 
current month. So, there will also be testing phase in February. 
Hence, I think probably we’ll have the benefits of that for about 45 
days in this quarter. 
 
Utkarsh Ramaya: 
So sir, given these two points you made of the utilization of both 
new capacities -- debottlenecked capacity, our volume should ideally 
be higher than Q2 volumes, right? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Yes. In a normal market, I would agree with you, but like, in reply to 
another question, I had said that there was an impact on MDF 
volumes in January because of the third wave of COVID. So, I think 
we lost volumes during the first 12, 13 days of this quarter, and then 
the market has started to improve. So, I think, yes, we should be 
above Q2 levels, but maybe not very big difference above Q2. 
 

 
Page 26 of 28 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Lodaya 
from ValueQuest. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Lodaya:  
Yes, sir, just two questions. One, what should be the tax rate going 
ahead? And second, how much the EPCG commitment left to export 
-- export related? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
I don’t remember the exact number, but our export commitments 
should be completed in the current quarter. And as far as the tax rate, 
I think, for FY ‘22 and FY ‘23, we can consider a tax rate of 30%. 
And then probably once our old tax benefits are exhausted, we’ll 
probably move into that new tax rate from FY ‘24, which would 
mean a 25% tax rate. 
 
Chirag Lodaya:  
Okay. And just, sir, on interest, how to look at now interest run rate? 
You have repaid lot of foreign debt also. So in this quarter also I’m 
sure there would be some ForEx gains, which would have led to 
reduced interest. So on an absolute basis or run rate basis how we 
should look at? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, at present we have net debt of about INR 144 crore. I think we 
should be something between INR 90 crore to INR 100 crore at the 
end of this year. So, interest will not be a major factor in the next 
financial year. 
 
Chirag Lodaya:  
Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you, and all the best. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is a follow up question from the line 
of Karan Bhatelia from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Karan Bhatelia.  
Hi. Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, how do you view 
particleboard as a market? Can you see the similar success story 
we’ve seen in MDF in the last three years? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Particleboard has been in the country for a much longer period than 
MDF. But we don’t see it has gained a huge market probably 
because it has lesser number of applications as compared to plywood 
and MDF, primarily because it has a lower density, so it is more 
suitable for vertical applications rather than horizontal applications 
where a higher load bearing density would be required. But we have 
not really evaluated particleboards, so I won’t be able to give you a 
very detailed reply to that. 
 
Karan Bhatelia:  
Right, right, right. And one more thing, sir, we keep hearing of new 
plants coming, once we see a better capacity utilization at the next 

 
Page 27 of 28 
 
level. So hearing of any new players coming into the market, 
somewhere in North? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, there could be some very small expansion by unorganized 
players, but I’ve not heard of any new player entering the MDF 
industry in northern India. 
 
Karan Bhatelia:  
That was helpful. Thank you. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take the last question from the line of Balaji 
Vaidyanath from NAFA Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Balaji Vaidyanath:  
Sir, now that our retail mix is in excess of 95%, and both plants at 
significantly high-capacity utilization, would you be thinking in the 
lines of marketing and brand building starting from this year, or that 
is still some more time? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
No, I think we’ll definitely start brand building activities in a much 
more significant manner from FY ‘23 onwards. I think you’ll 
probably see that activity starting from the beginning of the next 
financial year. 
 
Balaji Vaidyanath:  
And ballpark, what kind of -- as a percentage of sales, what kind of 
number we would be thinking of? 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
See, I think just in terms of MDF revenues, we should be doing 2% 
to 2.5% spend comprising of both ATL and BTL. 
 
Balaji Vaidyanath:  
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. All the best. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question 
for today. I now hand the conference over to the Management for 
their closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Shobhan Mittal:  
We thank everyone for joining this call. And we look forward to 
speaking to you again post the next quarter and for the end of the 
financial year results. Thank you, everyone. And if anyone has any 
further questions, please feel free to get in touch with us. Thank you. 
 
V. Venkatramani: 
Thank you everyone and wish you all a very happy and healthy New 
Year. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of 
Greenpanel Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 

 
Page 28 of 28 
 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
