 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Salzer Electronics Limited's Q3 & Nine Months FY'22 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH DORAISWAMY – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SALZER ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. 
BASKARASUBRAMANIAN 
– 
DIRECTOR, 
CORPORATE AFFAIRS & COMPANY SECRETARY, 
SALZER ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. 
MURUGESH 
KM 
– 
ASSISTANT 
COMPANY 
SECRETARY, SALZER ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and Nine Months FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Salzer Electronics Limited. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations 
of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance 
and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Doraiswamy, Joint Managing 
Director, Salzer Electronics Limited. Thank you and over to you sir 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone and thank you all for joining us today to discuss 
the unaudited financial performance for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31st, 
2021. It's always a pleasure to speak to you all again this quarter. I hope you all are happy, safe 
and well.  
I have with me here today, Mr. Baskarasubramanian – Director, Corporate Affairs and Company 
Secretary; Mr. Murugesh – Assistant Company Secretary and Bridge IR, our investor relations 
team. 
We have shared our “Results Update Presentation” and I hope you all must have received it and 
gone through the same. 
Before we discuss the financial performance, I would like to share some recent developments 
and market scenario with you. As you all know, Salzer is a capital goods engineering company, 
manufacturing a wide array of customized electrical equipments with a strong focus on 
technology and innovation. 
We have five manufacturing facilities and a strong R&D team wherein we are constantly looking 
to innovate new and efficient products which has resulted in nearly 85% of our components 
being made in-house in Coimbatore. 
Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, we have started to see recovery in demand from various 
sectors that we cater to. Even though a large part of the first quarter of the current fiscal year 
went into lockdown, our team has been working hard and are in constant engagement with our 
clients and tracking the changing situation at various levels. 
During the end of the first quarter onwards, operations gradually assumed to full capacity as the 
restriction were eased in a staggered manner by authorities. However, as we have demonstrated 
during the previous year even in such trying times, Salzer continues to show resilience and 
registered a good performance. 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
On a more upbeat note, as you might be aware we have recently forayed into electric vehicles 
vertical in line with one of our growth strategies of adding new products and entering new and 
promising business verticals. 
In a nutshell, in July 2021, we entered into two joint ventures; one with an Austrian company 
Kostad and another with Indo-Austrian startup E-March LLP. 
Through our JV with Kostad we will be manufacturing DC Fast Chargers for EVs and related 
equipment and software. Kostad is a specialist in DC Charging Stations and Equipments and is 
renowned brand across Europe, they are located in Austria. With their technical know-how, we 
shall be manufacturing EV Chargers for the Indian and the Southeast Asian markets. 
Through our JV with E-March LLP, we will be manufacturing electric conversion kits for 
autorickshaws now and for buses in future. 
We foresee a definitive shift in automotive industry towards EVs, especially in public transport. 
The joint ventures have already been incorporated and necessary procedures are on track. 
Operations in both JVs is expected to begin very soon. 
Coming to our existing product portfolio, the domestic dealer and retail market is recovering 
well post-COVID, which especially reflects in our Switchgear business where we are witnessing 
robust demand. We are optimistic that the demand for these products will continue to gain 
momentum in the coming quarters. Actually, in fact, almost all our products in Switchgear 
segment have had a volume growth by about 20%. 
As forecasted, prices of raw materials such as copper, plastic, steel, etc., continue to be volatile 
through this quarter. We are gradually passing on this price hike to the customers. In some of 
our product lines, we have already increased prices. However, the margins have been impacted 
to some extent due to the lag in passing on the price. The lag in passing the price hike this quarter 
was mainly due to the competitive reasons. However, for the full year, we should see our 
EBITDA margins increasing by about 1% to 2%. 
Our export markets have also recovered very well, with significant demand coming in as impacts 
of pandemic subsides slowly in the global markets. Export demand is likely to be stable and 
positive in the near future. As the industry reopens fully our growing export market will 
complement the domestic market to help us grow at a faster rate. 
The near-term market situation is still a little uncertain as the third wave subsides, but based on 
the demand we are witnessing today and indications from various OEMs and customers, we are 
optimistic for the medium term and definitely optimistic about profitable growth in the long 
term. 
Though Q4 might be somewhat stable, we expect very good growth in volumes in the coming 
year. The company is well positioned to cater a higher demand from our customers and poised 
to take up new opportunities. 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Now, coming to our Quarterly Financial and Business Performance, during the third quarter, our 
revenues increased by 24.28% year-on-year to Rs.211.82 crores from Rs.170.44 crores in the 
previous corresponding period. Growth was an account of rise in key businesses mainly due to 
very good order inflow across sectors for all Switchgear products, especially Wire Harness. 
The EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.17.68 crores as compared to Rs.17.28 crores in the 
corresponding previous period which is a year-on-year growth of 2.34%. The EBITDA margin 
stood at 8.35% which is a decline of 179 basis points mainly due to raw material price continuing 
to increase, coupled with very high freight costs. However, company is gradually passing on the 
price increase to the end customers. 
The profit after tax is at Rs.7.25 crores in Q3 FY22 as against Rs.6.4 crores in Q3 FY21, which 
is a year-on-year growth of 13.21%. 
Now coming to nine months results, for the nine months ended December 2021, the revenues 
increased 33.58% year-on-year to Rs.555.61 crores, driven by strong demand for Industrial 
Switchgear products particularly Wire Harness. 
EBITDA excluding other income stood at Rs.50.9 crores in nine months FY22 as against 
Rs.45.62 crores in nine months FY21, which is a year-on-year growth of 11.57%. Nine Months 
FY22 EBITDA margin is at 9.16% which is a year-on-year decrease of 180 basis points, mainly 
again on account of volatile raw material and increase in other costs. 
Profit after tax stood at Rs.18.67 crores in nine months FY22 as against Rs.13.68 crores in nine 
months FY21, which is a year-on-year growth of 36.49%. 
Now moving on to the breakup of revenues as per the business divisions, the Industrial 
Switchgear division contributed 49.55% to the total revenues in this quarter and 51.12% during 
nine months. 
Switchgear division's EBITDA margins stood at 10.05% in Q3 and 11.38% for nine months 
FY'22. All products grew in this quarter, particularly the new products, Wire Harness and Three 
Phase Transformers grew at 92% and 40% respectively year-on-year. 
The Wires and Cables division contributed 43.62% to our revenues this quarter and 42.6% 
during nine months. There's a decline of 3% year-on-year in this division during the quarter. 
This division's EBITDA margin has been steady at 7.3% in Q3 FY22 and 7.63% for nine months. 
Building products division has contributed 6.83% in this quarter and 6.22% in nine months. At 
Rs.14.43 crores for Q3 FY22, the division has grown by 59% year-on-year in Q3 FY22. The 
EBITDA margin for this division stood at 2.98%. 
On export front, despite slight headwinds due to lockdowns, we are seeing steady growth 
especially from US, Middle East, Africa and European markets. Exports to Americas grew at 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
61% year-on-year in this quarter. Exports to Middle East and Africa also grew at 143% year-on-
year which was mainly due to the low base last year. Exports to Europe grew at 81% year-on-
year in this quarter. For this quarter, the exports share of the revenue was 22%. 
On behalf of the company, I thank all the stakeholders of Salzer Electronics for their continued 
support and faith in our company, and wish all of you a very good health. This is all from our 
side right now. I would once again like to thank everyone for your time and attention. We can 
now open the forum for questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Zaki 
Nasser, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, I think we could end nearing Rs.800 crores top line and going forward next year would it be 
within striking distance of the Rs.1,000 crores. I think the on last concall, we had discussed about 
the promoters increasing their holding in the company sir. What is the status on that, Mr. Rajesh? 
Could you briefly give us an overview of how your EV foray going forward, are you looking at 
any other products also because I think there's an endless need for EV? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
On your first question, I think we will end up in my opinion between 750, 760 crores in this year 
is what I would say because Q4 normally is a good quarter but since Q2 and Q3 has been good 
quarters for us, we expect Q4 might be a little stable like Q3. So, we are definitely not going 
near 800 crores, but as we said in the beginning of the year, we might end up at 720 crores was 
what we projected earlier. 
Zaki Nasser: 
This is consolidated you are talking of sir? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
No, no, standalone. Consolidated, yes, I think we will be close to 780, 790 crores. Your other 
question about the EVs, I think technology absorption is happening right now, people are trying 
to build prototypes and test the prototypes in-house and once in-house testing is over, I think we 
have to go for external testing. So, only when this is complete, I think we will be ready for the 
market. So, in our opinion I think this might take at least another six months before we are ready 
with product for sale in the market. So, that's the status on the EV. On the promoters front, I 
think there's definitely a plan under way to increase the stake and you will hear something soon. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Mr. Rajesh, JVs happening from several fronts. In India, do you think there is already a standard 
authority on maybe the chargers or the wires or whatever, because several people are doing it, 
we don't know how it will pan out, because you are sitting in the center of the entire thing, so 
could you give us how these standards will pan out and what will happen on that front sir? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
I think there's already an organization for automotive testing in Pune. I think it's called ARAI. 
So, all the all the conversion kits has to be tested there. For chargers also there is BS standard. 
So, we have to do the product as per BS standard and again test it with ARAI. So, there are very 
specific standards already available. 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Zaki Nasser: 
What is your outlook on the debt, Mr. Rajesh, would it be around the current levels or do we see 
a slight decrease in it? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Either it will be at the current level or I would see a slight increase because I think our growth 
for next year will be much higher in my opinion. As you said next year we want to be very close 
to Rs.1,000 crores is what we are planning. So, if that is going to happen it will be at least a 25% 
from the current levels. So, if it can stay at this level, that's what our target is, if not it will be a 
slight increase I would say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Amit: 
My questions are again on the same line which the previous fellow person asked. One is if you 
can share the road map in terms of EV, so how are you planning to go into the market in terms 
of the charger, will it be like some kind of a lease operating model or sell and move out kind of 
a model? And what's the roadmap for the next few years let's say '23 and '24, so what are we 
targeting, if you can share, that's one? Second, my concern has been on to the debt levels. I 
understand that the growth coming in and next, again, you're saying the debt either can be 
maintained at the same level or it can grow up. What are your thoughts in terms of reducing the 
interest cost? Are you also evaluating other options in terms of optimizing the working capital 
instead of just taking more debt, any thoughts on that line sir? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
On the chargers, I think the whole business is actually evolving across the country right now. 
So, there are multiple opportunities or multiple ways that you can approach the market. I think 
our idea is to manufacture chargers, sell it to customers who are willing to buy and install them, 
either in a private parking lots or the government tenders coming in. So, that's one area of 
business that we are targeting. But there will be also on other business that will happen is the 
lease model as you said, either we lease the equipment or there are companies like Tata Power 
for example I think is the most prominent player in the country today who are buying chargers 
and then they are installing it at their cost and they are doing the service. So, I think we target 
those companies is our idea. But going forward I think maybe two, three years down the line, 
we will see whether we can do the servicing business ourselves. But then that's the last step that 
we will be taking. So, that's how this business is evolving at this moment, but we have to watch 
to see how this can evolve in future. So, we are ready to cater to whatever kind of demand from 
wherever it is coming to, but the main point is I think we have to have a Indian made charger at 
a reasonable cost from India. I think that's our first aim right now, one. Second, on the debt 
levels, yes, I think what we are trying to do is we are trying to optimize working capital. 
Unfortunately that's happening slowly. So, our target has been to reduce the net working capital 
levels to less than 140, 150 days; however that's still at around 160 days as of now. Hopefully, 
by end of this year, I think we will slightly come down and we are trying to optimize this, but as 
you know like last one and half years due to this pandemic there has been a lot of turbulence 
across the markets in terms of price of materials, availability of raw materials and also threat of 
third wave coming in. So, we had to be ready to face all these things; we had to order materials 
upfront, stock a little bit. So, all these turbulence actually has made us a little bit inefficient. So, 
we are coming back to it and I'm hopeful that we will become a very efficient company where 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
our networking capital days will come below 140 days. I think that's the target that we have and 
we will be able to do that. 
Amit: 
One follow-up question on the first part in terms of EV, so are there any government tenders 
also now or in the pipeline that the government is floating for the EV chargers? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
We had some tenders coming in from the Delhi government and Maharashtra government for 
small quantities. And we have a dedicated company under EESL, has promoted a subsidiary 
called CESL which is I think fully dedicated for the EV infra development. So, they have been 
coming on and off with tenders. We expect that a lot of state governments will start coming out 
with tenders because the state governments have to promote this. Unless they promote it, I don't 
think this this will really come up in a fast way. So, the support from government will definitely 
be there and we expect various state governments to come out with some tenders. 
Amit: 
I totally agree. So, unless the government give a first step I think it becomes a little difficult for 
the private players to come in and invest that much initially. or do you think like by the time 
these all these state tenders start coming in the bigger volumes, our products will be ready to 
market, are there any targets in place? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
I think for the chargers we want to be ready with an Indian made charger in six months from 
now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Neha Jain: 
I have some follow-up questions related to EV itself. So, how much is the CAPEX that the 
company is planning to invest? And will our existing capacity be enough, are we planning to do 
any CAPEX over there for a manufacturing plant? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Salzer will be holding to start with a 26% stake in both the JVs and Salzer investment into the 
JV for the chargers it will be Rs.4 crores and for the conversion kit manufacturing unit it will be 
Rs.2 crores. So, overall investment at 26% right now is Rs.6 crores is the commitment that we 
have made right now. Going forward if further investment is required, then we will increase our 
stake and invest further. In Salzer, I think there's no major CAPEX planned as of now. So, it's 
just the regular maintenance CAPEX that we are doing which this year will end up at around 11, 
12 crores. 
Neha Jain: 
Could you share some future projections in terms of revenue or returns that can be generated 
from this business? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
I think in three years we want to make at least 200 chargers a month is what we are looking, in 
my opinion the revenues will be close to around 100, 150 crores a year so that's what we are 
targeting but that's too pessimistic in my opinion because the demand can be much more, but 
right now this is the capacity that we are planning. 
Neha Jain: 
Do we have any existing players like any competition in the market for the same? 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Competition of course in chargers we have companies like Delta, even ABB making it and there 
are a lot of imported chargers available in India 
Neha Jain: 
Now that there's some recovery in the building segment, are we are targeting any new clients for 
the same or are we continuing with the old clients and how do we see the next few quarters in 
the segment? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
In the building segment business, we are seeing a very good uptick in business. Every quarter 
we use to do around 9, 10 crores but I think in this year starting Q2 we have been doing around 
14, 15 crores every quarter which is quite good and we expect that this growth will continue 
faster and the way that we are growing is with supplying to existing clients as well as we are 
trying to garner new builders. And on the recovery front I think it's been much better than what 
it was in the beginning of the year. 
Neha Jain: 
How much do we target in the next couple of years from this segment? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
This year in my opinion we will end up at around Rs.50 crores of revenue in this segment 
compared to last year's Rs.32 crores. Next year we are looking at Rs.100 crores in this segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishna Kumar from Lion Hill Capital. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on the wire and cable segment, we used to also do enamel copper 
wires, etc., so we have a capability. So, when we look at the electric vehicles and the need for 
more motors and copper winding, so do we have a play there, would we be able to supply 
insulated or enamel copper wires for EV motors, etc., can you share some thoughts on that? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Yes, I think definitely that's a new market that will be coming our way. We do produce enamel 
wires and we have the capability to produce enamel wires. We are already supplying our enamel 
wires to automotive companies like IFB Auto and a couple of other auto motor manufacturers 
in the country. Right now, the business volumes are too small, but I am sure that this new EV 
push will bring in additional growth in that segment and we are capable of supplying enamel 
wires to that business. So, any capacities that you can talk about so like do we need to add the 
capacity for those products, are they different from the normal motor winding, can you share 
some color? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Right now our capacity for enamel wires manufacturing is 200 tons a month, but we are 
producing close to 160 tons right now. So, we still have some room but once real demand comes 
in, maybe we should start adding a few more machines and increase the capacity. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Is there any need for the additional technologies or we are kind of…? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Not required. We have the capability to produce that wires. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Second question in terms of the EV conversion kits. Can you give some perspective in terms of 
when you would be launching the products? I probably missed your initial comment on that. 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Conversion kits we are doing the trials with autorickshaws right now. We have already converted 
a couple of autorickshaws and our people are doing the trial in-house and we have also given it 
for field trial. So, we are just waiting for the feedback. Once things settle down and we improve 
on the product I think we will have to go to ARAI testing. We have to submit the products for 
them for testing. And once the testing is complete, then we should be ready for the market. 
Again, in my opinion I think it will be a six month timeline for the product to be ready. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Here again both in the EV charger and the three wheeler kit, what kind of branding we'll do, so 
it's going to be a Salzer product or will it be rebranded or something else? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
We will be branding it jointly with our partners also, so we will use their names as well as Salzer 
name, it will be joint branded product. 
Krishna Kumar: 
What will be the kind of market opportunity for the three wheeler kits and what kind of 
realization roughly you can look at sir basically? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
As per our survey what we did, there are about 10 crore auto rickshaws that's running in the 
country which are sold in the last 10 years. So, if you go back a little bit, take last 15 years, there 
are more number of autos still. So, I think that's the size of the market. But then it's not easy to 
go and capture this business across the country in such a quick time. So, our idea is to go state-
by-state, use the automotive spare part dealers as our channel and also the workshops as our 
channel and sell these kits. So, here again we estimate the realization price will be approximately 
1 to 1.2 lakhs per kit. We originally wanted to sell this around 60,000, 75,000 but because of the 
cost of the battery and the motor I think the cost of the kit is increasing, so it will be around 1 
lakh and 1.2 lakh will be the cost of the kit. So, to start with I think in the second year we should 
be able to get a market of around 90 to 120 crores is what we are estimating. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Looking at the feasibility, you have new electric vehicle three wheelers that are being launched 
by various players at slightly higher prices than what you are now talking about conversion. So, 
Mahindra Alfa comes at 1.5 lakhs or somewhere there and some other companies also launched 
products. So, for the new product with government subsidy, etc., you probably are getting it very 
close to what the kit price you're talking about for an old vehicle. So, do you think such a market 
exists potentially would be impacted by decision to go for a fresh vehicle than to retrofit sir? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
It's a good point. I think as soon as Mahindra announced this, I was also a little bit worried, so I 
went and checked the specs what is the vehicle that they are giving at 1.5 lakhs. I think there's a 
lot of difference between Mahindra's 1.5 lakhs new electric vehicle and the conversion kits that 
they're doing. One is the range. Second is the payload. I think the payload that Mahindra truck, 
the new electric vehicle is giving is only 300 kilos payload and at a max speed of 30 kmph. I 
think that vehicle is only for a very specific use. It can't be taken out for normal use or normal 
transportation, one. Secondly, what we are trying to do is, we are trying to convert the existing 
petrol, diesel out tractions. So, the existing owner of a petrol, diesel auto rickshaw, it is better 
for him to convert than sell this and buy a new electric vehicle. New electric auto with the same 
capacity, I don't know with 500 Kg payload and a max speed of 60 or 70 kilometers per hour, 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
will definitely cost more and also the range. I think we are promising a range of 120 kilometers 
in one charge with the max speed of around 70 kmph and the payload is the same as the existing 
petrol autos. So, there's a wide difference between this autorickshaw that you are talking about 
and the conversion kit. So, I am confident that this will definitely be marketable in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Awatramani from Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
Sir, can you highlight a color on this margins front from EV side and the overall margin of this 
business we are running right now? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
The conversion kit margin we expect this to be anywhere between 20% and 25% on EBITDA 
levels. On the charger front, I think it should be around 17% to 20% is what we expect to start 
with, it may be a little lower, but it can go up between 17% and 20% on the chargers at the 
EBITDA level. This is our estimation as of now. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
Rest of the business, switchgears and all the consolidated part? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
This quarter I think we have dropped down to 8.5%, for nine months 9%. The main reason that 
this quarter has dropped is because of very huge freight cost that has come in which we are 
unable to pass on. Otherwise, I think we would have been at normal 10% EBITDA level which 
I expect will come back in Q4. So, going forward I think 11% is a figure that we should expect 
on EBITDA from Q1 FY23. In Q4 we will be back to 10%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Singhal from New York Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshit Singhal: 
Sir, a few questions. Firstly you mentioned for next year you're targeting a 25% growth. I am 
just trying to understand what is driving this kind of a growth because the industry is not growing 
at that rate, right? And if you can also split the growth between the two verticals, cables and 
wires and switchgears? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
The revenue share so far in this nine months the industrial switchgear is at around 51% and the 
wires and cables is at 43% the building segment is around 6%. This is the revenue share that has 
been in these nine months. And we think that this revenue share will continue for this year also 
at 51% and 42% between the two top segments. Going forward for next year I think the wires 
and cables can grow a little bit because this year the wires and cables market has been very 
subdued because of the very high copper prices, and that's one of the reasons we are also not 
able to grow in that segment. So, FY23 I think it will be at 48% and 44% share between industrial 
switchgear and wires and cables, that's what I expect. On the growth front, why we are growing 
is because if we look at the industrial switchgear business, our normal business per quarter used 
to between 60, 70, 75 crores is what we were doing until FY21. So, right now we are seeing a 
business of close to around 100, 105 crores in a quarter starting this Q2 FY22. The main reason 
for this growth is because of the new clients that we have been working on for the last one, one 
and a half years and also the addition of new products in the last two years like the wire harness 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
and the three phase transformers. So, this additional business and also the new clients that we 
have been pursuing has given us this growth in this year and we expect that the coming year also 
whatever we are working on now with the clients will all translate into business and that's why 
that we expect kind of 20%, 25% growth for next year in the switchgear business. 
Harshit Singhal: 
Two more questions. One, what is the sustainable margin for this business? Obviously margins 
currently are lower because of RM inflation but let's say towards the end of FY23 or '24 what 
can be the sustainable margins which we can achieve? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
I think our switchgear margins used to be between 15% and 17% in FY21. In FY21, we closed 
at 15% EBITDA in switchgear business, but I think going back to 15% might be little difficult 
because there's also some inflated cost. That we can't expect the EBITDA margin to rise or 
continue to be at that level but currently it is around 11.5%. We can expect the stable margins to 
be anywhere between 13% and 15% for FY23 I'm talking about. 
Harshit Singhal: 
What are the measures which we are taking to reduce the working capital? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
There are only two things that we've been able to do; collect quickly and reduce the inventory, I 
think these are the two things that's under our control which we are trying to do, reducing the 
inventory and wherever possible we are discounting with customers facilities. 
Harshit Singhal: 
So, this 140 day working capital target that is for the next year which you are giving? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Patel, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Patel: 
I have a few questions with regards to our new product development and also the government 
push for the EV infra which they have announced in the budget. Like there was a battery 
sweeping policy they announced. There is one company called Infinity which is into two wheeler 
scooters. They offer such product. So, how our charger will get benefited out of the such product 
offering? And also, going forward the government is also planning at massive level with 
municipality to install a publicly available this charging infra. So, how we are placed to take the 
advantage of this event? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
There are two types of chargers that will come into play; one is the AC chargers for the two 
wheelers and other one is the DC Chargers for the four wheelers because two wheelers the 
charging you don't need a very powerful charger, it can charge quickly even in a AC charger. 
So, the battery swapping again I think will happen only for two or three wheelers at the max. I 
don't think battery swapping is a possibility for cars because of the size of the battery and the 
weight of the battery. Maximum it can happen for the two wheelers. So, where the charger can 
come into play is all the battery swapping stations has to use multiple AC and DC chargers. So, 
that's the market that we have to address to. And on the DC chargers, as I already told in this call 
earlier, as and when the government starts pushing the EV infra, I think they will start buying a 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
lot of EV chargers mostly in my opinion DC chargers. That's what we are making and we should 
be able to be one of the first players for DC chargers in India. 
Chirag Patel: 
Particularly you gave like a 10 crore autorickshaws sold in last 10 years. These are majority sold 
by guys like Bajaj and TVS. So, do we have any plan to tie up with them for OEM related 
business opportunity or it's a service related tie-up to cater to the existing vehicle which are on 
road? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
On the auto rickshaws I think 65% market share is with Bajaj currently in the country today and 
second I think is Piaggio and TVS. For conversion kits we are not planning to tie up with OEMs. 
I don't think that's a possibility because OEMs won't be interested to take a conversion kit, their 
business is to sell their product. But on the other front we are talking to various two wheeler 
electric vehicle OEMs to supply wire harness and also motor controllers. So, these are the two 
products that we have that we can sell to the electric two wheeler manufacturers. 
Chirag Patel: 
Just as an entrepreneur how do you see your revenue going to be reported after five years down 
the line let's say there will be a separate division for this renewable and EV segment or will you 
club together with normal those revenues? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
We actually already floated a 100% subsidiary for the electric vehicle business. So, I think all 
the electric vehicle business will come under the subsidiary and get consolidated in main 
company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anirudh from Nagoba Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh: 
I had some clarification. Your business from whatever I understand can be broadly categorized 
into OEMs, export OEMs, domestic dealer business and export dealer business. So, assuming 
these are the four categories, how much are you able to pass on to these four customers like is it 
easier to pass on to export and less to domestic, is it easier to pass it on to OEMs and less to 
dealers, just a broad understanding I wanted? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
The beginning of the year and end of last year I think people agreed, accepted quickly and we 
were able to pass on. But in the last six months I think people have been tired because we have 
done like two, three price increases and most of the customers are a little frustrated… of course, 
all of us are frustrated because of this but they're not ready to quickly take a decision and then 
give a price increase. And also, there is competitive pressure now because we have done two, 
three increases now to do another 3%, 4% last increase, there's always a pressure. In my opinion 
I think in export, it is difficult to increase compared to the domestic OEMs. 
Anirudh: 
Is that because generally the margins are higher or the competitive intensity is far higher there 
or price…? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
The export OEMs normally don't see an inflation; they don't give a price increase normally. Yes, 
we have an inflation and we go for price increase every year, but export markets very, very 
difficult to ask for a price increase every year. So, we always do a once in two years, once in 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
three years price increase for export market. But then realization in export market is much better 
than the domestic market. 
Anirudh: 
So, in that case if your export business keeps growing and the raw material price pressure also 
sustains, so that may not necessarily immediately translate into higher margins as we see, is my 
understanding correct, the lag will be far higher than the domestic market increase? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
If the raw material price continues to increase, then yes, what you say is correct, but in my 
opinion I think raw material prices more or less stabilized, even the freight costs have more or 
less stabilized. We hope I think things from hereon will be better. 
Anirudh: 
My next question is just for an understanding, now this whole wire harness business revenue 
recognition is considered under the switchgear business or in the wires business? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Switchgear business. 
Anirudh: 
So, the wire is only just basic wire like that you sell is considered as wire business, correct? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Correct. In wire harness we do a lot of value addition. The components will be between 60% 
and 70% of the wire harness. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from Progressive Shares. Please go ahead 
Rohit: 
Two questions. First is related to the freight. Which of the two are we following, CIF or FOB? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
On the export front, we have both CIF, sometimes we also do DAP, we also deliver duty unpaid. 
All kinds of contracts are there. Mainly, the freight cost increase is because of the ocean freight 
as well as domestic road transport price increase. 
Rohit: 
So, how do we decide if we wish to go with CIF or FOB or DAP then? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Some clients want us to deliver the duty paid actually. Some clients are FOB. Some of them 
even take ex-works. So, it depends on the client and their connections in India with their the 
fight forwarders. If they have good connection they use their freight forwarders, otherwise they 
ask us to deliver. 
Rohit: 
Second question is related to Kaycee. If you can take us through the development and any 
directional growth that you would like to share for Kaycee because Kaycee's top line is 
increasing but on the same line as what Salzer's margins taken slight a bit of a dip of 100, 200 
bps, so any directional growth for Kaycee for the next year or times to come if you've been able 
to solve the puzzle and show the growth path for Kaycee? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Kaycee's growth this year has been quite good; so far in nine months the company has grown by 
around 26% on the top line and also the bottom line has almost tripled I would say close to that, 
mainly because maybe last year was a low base but even otherwise I think we are seeing growth 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
coming in, this year we will end up doing around 28, 29 crores compared to '23 last year. Our 
plan for Kaycee for next year is to do Rs.50 crores with the existing products that Kaycee has. 
So, if that happens then I think from there on we will see a lot of upward momentum. 
Rohit: 
No new products planned for Kaycee is it over the next…? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Right now, no, we are not adding any new products, but we are cross selling a lot of Salzer 
products in Kaycee. 
Rohit: 
You brand through Kaycee dealers? 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Anirudh from Nagoba Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh: 
Now in the EV segment, what are the backward integration possibilities like components is one 
thing, PCB assemblies is another thing. So, what are the synergies that you're trying to bring? 
Wire hardness is another thing. So, just broadly if you can give me an idea about what are the 
straight forward integrations that are possible? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
I think it's a good point. We have also been thinking on these lines. On the conversion kits I 
think we are using a lot of our wire harness. I think that's the only backward integration or a 
product that can go into the conversion kits. 
Anirudh: 
Motor winding wire nothing as of now? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
We have the winding wire but we don't make the motor. We are buying the motor. So, we can 
ask our seller to use our wire. So, that's the possibility but that kind of product insistence can 
happen only when we have volumes. On the chargers, I think we have more backward integration 
products. I think a lot of electrical switchgears that go into the chargers like contactors, circuit 
breakers, we have switches coming in, again wire harness coming in. So, there are a lot of 
switchgear components that we manufacture that goes into a charger. So, that's something that 
we are looking at and we're estimating as of now close to around 15%, 20% of the cost of the 
DC charger will be the products that Salzer makes. 
Anirudh: 
Magnetics is not something that you are very strong with as we speak right now? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Three phase transformer is a part of magnetics for us. We also make single phase transformer 
which is a part of the switchgear business. So, all this is coupled under the switchgear business. 
Magnetics is one of the products under switchgear along with wire harness, that is growing quite 
fast. 
Anirudh: 
What is the closure time that you are seeing in the building segment because it had slowed down 
drastically in the last two odd years, so has it increased the pace in terms of the people completing 
their projects, just generally asking? 

 
Salzer Electronics Limited
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
I think in the last two quarters, things have definitely picked up quite fast, I would say, I think a 
lot of people are rushing to complete projects. I think another negative that I see is it is not 
happening across the country. I think it is happening in selective cities. Mostly, I think in class-
B cities is happening faster, I think cities like Bangalore, Chennai, these major cities are still 
slow. I think one exception is Hyderabad. Hyderabad is going quite fast. We are only present in 
the five states in south, so I can only comment about these five southern states. 
Anirudh: 
The enquiries are looking very strong as we speak, correct? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Yes. 
Anirudh: 
The conversion from enquiry to order and order to execution is where I think the delay lies what 
you are trying to tell, correct? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
I think FY2021 was very slow. After Q2 FY'22, things have definitely changed and picked up 
very well. 
Anirudh: 
Pricing power in this particular segment, is it there or is it still very tough right now? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Actually, this product is a high gross margin product in my opinion. So, if we get to the critical 
level or sale value, then we will see 13%, 14% EBITDA levels in this product. 
Anirudh: 
So, operational efficiency, once it kicks in, the margins will go up? 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rajesh Doraiswami for his closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Rajesh Doraiswami: 
Thank you all once again. I think it's been very interesting questions and happy to answer you 
always. Looking forward to interact with you again next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Salzer Electronics Limited that concludes this conference. 
We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
