 
 
BSE - PUBLIC 
 
Date: February 15, 2022 
 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Symbol: BSE       
 
 
 
 
 
                                     ISIN: INE118H01025 
 
 
Ref:   Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on February 8, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated February 1, 2022 intimating you about the conference call with 
Analysts/Investors held on February 8, 2022, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call. 
 
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com.  
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
 
For BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prajakta Powle 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: a/a 

 
BSE LIMITED 
Q3 FY 21-22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
February 8, 2022 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
 
Moderator 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to BSE Limited Q3 FY22 Investor 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman – Head, Investor 
Relations, BSE. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Anand Sethuraman 
 
Thank you so much. Hi, this is Anand from investor relations and welcome to BSE's 
Earnings Call to discuss the Q3 FY'2022 Results. 
 
Joining us today on this earnings call is BSE's leadership team consisting of  
• Mr. Ashishkumar Chauhan -- Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, 
• Mr. Nayan Mehta -- Chief Financial Officer,  
• Mr. Sameer Patil -- Chief Business Officer, 
• Mr. Girish Joshi -- Chief Trading Operations and Listing Sales, 
• Mr. Neeraj Kulshrestha -- Chief Regulatory Officer  
• Mr. Kersi Tavadia -- Chief Information Officer. 
 
Do note that the conference is being recorded and a transcript of this call will be made 
available on the BSE website. 
 
Before we get started, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that our 
remarks today will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ 
materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Any forward-
looking statements that we make today on this call are based on assumptions as of today 
and BSE assumes no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information 
or future events. 
 

 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
I would now request Mr Ashishkumar Chauhan – M.D. and CEO, BSE to give a brief 
overview of the company's performance which will be then followed by a Q&A session. 
Thank you. 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Thanks, Anand. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. I hope all 
of you and your loved ones are safe and keeping well. 
 
Before I start with the update, I'm glad to say that despite the most recent COVID scare, 
BSE continues to function normally without any interruptions or glitches and has been 
able to improve business and financial performance. 
 
I will start with the broad financial results for the quarter ended 31st December 2021. 
BSE's operational revenues have grown by 60% to Rs. 192.67 crores for the quarter 
ended 31st December 2021 from Rs. 120.59 crores in the corresponding quarter previous 
year. Further, BSE's net profit attributable to shareholders of the company increased by 
89% to Rs. 61.29 crores from Rs. 32.37 crores in the corresponding quarter previous year. 
Operational performance has continued to grow across business segments resulting in 
higher operational revenues and profits. 
 
Steered by our robust financial results and the continued confidence in the long-term 
future of our business, the board of directors of the company has recommended issue of 
2 bonus equity shares of Rs.2 each fully paid up for every 1 current equity share of Re.1 
each fully paid up. This is in line with the company's objective to strengthen its capital 
structure and enable shareholder participation in its growth. 
 
On the business side, let me start by covering our primary market segment. Funds raised 
by India Inc. continues to be buoyant and BSE platforms continue to remain the preferred 
choice by Indian companies to raise capital. The BSE bond platform has enabled issuers 
to raise Rs. 5.2 lakh crores through issue of bonds, commercial papers, municipal bonds, 
InVITs, etc., And the equity platform has enabled fundraising to the tune of Rs. 72,213 
crores during the quarter ended December 2021. The total number of investors 
registered with BSE now stands at Rs. 9.6 crores and continues to move up. 
 
I shall update you on BSE's trading segments now which have witnessed growth in the 
quarter ending December 2021, reflected in the operational performance in the current 
period. For the quarter ended December 31, 2021, BSE's average daily turnover in the 

 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
equity segment increased by 44% to Rs. 5,217 crores as compared to the corresponding 
period last year. 
 
In the Equity Derivative segment, average daily turnover increased by 23% to Rs. 2.47 
lakh crores as compared to the corresponding period last year. 
 
In the Currency Derivative segment, average daily turnover increased by 29% to 
Rs.27,124 crores as compared to the corresponding period. 
 
BSE continues to make rapid inroads in the commodity derivative segment and remain 
second largest commodity derivative exchange in India. The average daily turnover for 
the quarter ended 31st December 2021 increased by 80% to Rs. 4,910 crores from Rs. 
2,730 crores in the same period last year with market share increasing to 12.5% from 
7.4%. The steady growth can be attributed to new and unique products such as almond, 
cottonJ34, SUFI Steel futures and gold options in goods as well as continual focus on 
deliveries and innovation. 
 
BSE also continues to bring in expertise depth in liquidity by signing MoUs with more 
physical market participants in the quarter including Gem and Jewellery Council, Nasik 
Saraf Association, South Tamil Nadu Jewellers Guild and The Bullions and Jewellers 
Association. BSE also sought regulatory approval to launch electronic gold receipts as a 
new segment that will enable trading of spot gold in India. 
 
Let me now update you on the BSE's SME segment. I'm happy to inform you that the next 
month BSE this will complete 10 years of operationalizing India's first SME exchange. 
This is endeavoured to support the SMEs in startups in India has seen listing five 
companies on its SME platform and one company on startup platform during the quarter 
ended December 31, 2021, taking the total companies to 358 and 13 respectively. The 
358 SMEs raised Rs. 3,794 crores and the 13 startups raised Rs. 58.6 crores by the BSE 
platform with now market value of Rs.  47,659 crores and Rs. 261.2 crores respectively 
as of December 2021. BSE's market share in the SME segment stands at 60%. 
 
I shall now discuss our mutual fund distribution platform. BSE's StAR MF, India's largest 
mutual fund distribution platform continues to grow at a remarkable pace with total 
number of transactions growing by 106% to reach 5 crores transactions during 
December 2021 quarter from 2.4 crores in the same period last year. Overall, the platform 

 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
achieved 12.82 crores transactions within the first nine months of financial year 2021-22 
as compared to 9.38 crores achieved during the entire financial year 2020-21. 
 
BSE's StAR MF platform continues to scale new peaks in terms of single day transactions 
with the platform processing a high of 26.65 lakh transactions on January 10, 2022, 
outdoing its previous best single day record of 26.52 lakh transactions on November 8, 
2021. It also continues to contribute consistent net equity inflow to the mutual fund 
industry with inflows of Rs. 21,081 crores for Q3 FY21-22. 
 
BSE StAR MF App launched in May 2019 to help mutual fund distributors, register clients 
on real-time basis and execute paperless transactions, has processed over 45 lakh 
transactions till date. 
 
I shall cover developments of our subsidiary companies now. BSE promoted International 
Exchange at GIFT City, Gandhinagar, India INX has been growing exponentially ever since 
it commenced trading activities on January 16, 2017, with average daily trading turnover 
of USD 4.676 billion and a market share of 94% for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
India INX has more than USD 58 billion medium term notes established and over USD 34 
billion of bond listing till date. 
 
Owing to investments by certain strategic and financial investors, BSE’s stake in India INX 
is further reduced to 71.81% and 69.28% in India International Clearing Corporation as 
on 31st December 2021. 
 
India INX and India ICC have invested Rs. 6.75 crores each in India International Bullion 
Holding IFSCA Limited, holding company for setting up and operationalizing the 
international bullion exchange for its 10% stake each. BSE's wholly owned subsidiary, 
BSE Technologies is the technology solutions provider for the international bullion 
exchange at GIFT City, for which the mock trading has started and that is the similar 
technology we are going to use for starting spot gold segment for BSE in domestic area as 
approved by the budget last year and has applied for the regulatory approval by BSE this 
year. 
 
On the insurance distribution front, BSE EBIX Insurance Broking, a joint venture of BSE 
and EBIX Inc. Exchange is now present in all the three key insurance verticals auto, health, 
and life and integrated with seven general insurance companies, five health insurance 
companies and four life insurance companies after onboarding Life Insurance 

 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Corporation of India on its platform in December 2021. Further, GoDigit which was an 
offline mode is now integrated in BSE EBIX portal. BSE EBIX has over 4650 active certified 
point of sales as of December 2021, the total premium collected was Rs. 1.89 crores for 
the quarter-ended December 2021, a growth of 186% from the same period last year. BSE 
holds equity stake of 40% through its subsidiary, BSE Investments Limited. 
 
BSE E Agriculture Markets Limited, (BEAM), a joint venture between BSE Investments 
and Frontier Agriculture Platforms Private Limited operates a nationwide electronic 
institutionalized transparent commodity spot trading platform to facilitate smart 
commodities transactions across the value chain. 
 
As mentioned in our previous call, the BEAM platform received regulatory approval, 
launched non-Agri commodities on its platform for spot trade and now working with 
industry participants to offer the same. It has already enrolled 788 members, an increase 
of 98 members from the previous quarter. Trade worth Rs. 79 crores in three agricultural 
commodities; Jowar, Bajra and Bag were executed on the platform during the quarter 
ended 31st December 2021. Companies working closely with the governments and 
government enterprises to enhance the efficiency of procurement and sales of the 
commodities in different states. 
 
I would like to update that BEAM has received mandate from the State of Maharashtra for 
carrying out auction on its platform, considering the market and opportunities in this 
platform is expected to grow at a faster pace in time to come in both agricultural and non-
agricultural segments. 
 
As informed in our earlier call, the power market regulator, Central Electricity Regulatory 
Commission has granted registration on 12th May 2021 to Pranurja Solutions Limited to 
establish and operate a power exchange. The company name was changed from Pranurja 
Solutions to Hindustan Power Exchange Limited in November 2021 to brand itself as a 
power exchange. Subject to regulatory approvals, the company proposes to commence 
live operations in the last quarter of financial year 2021-22. BSE has a stake of 22.61% in 
the proposed power action through its wholly owned subsidiary, BSE Investments 
Limited. Currently, the exchange is doing internal mock trading for its technology to test 
the integration of all its software programs. 
 
BASL was incorporated in March 2021. It is known as BSE Administration and 
Supervision Limited. The company received approval from SEBI to administer and 
supervise investment advisors in June 2021, has now received approval as an 

 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
accreditation agency for investors in December 2021. As of January 5, 2022, BASL has 
onboarded 936 investment advisors on its platform. In addition, BSE has also onboarded 
four accredited investors as of January 2022. Being allowed to act as a regulator to 
regulate conduct of group of intermediaries in the financial markets through a subsidiary, 
is a strong reflection of BSE's capabilities and regulators confidence in the governance of 
BSE. 
 
As mentioned in our previous call, SEBI had accorded its in-principle approval to BSE 
Technologies, a wholly owned subsidiary of BSE through Know Your Client registration 
agency, (KYC KRA). 
 
I am also pleased to inform you that BSE Technologies has also received an in-principle 
approval from RBI for setting up and operating trade receivables discounting systems 
(TReDS) under the Payment Settlement Systems Act 2007. TReDS is an electronic 
platform for facilitating the financing discounting of trade receivables of MSMEs through 
multiple financiers. We are hopeful that with the launch of this trade platform, BSE will 
be able to address the financing issues of MSMEs and contribute to their growth in 
addition to raising funds in equities for themselves for last 10-years. There is no added 
capital inclusion required from BSE for these businesses. 
 
The KYC KRA and TReDS businesses will commence only after receipt of final approval 
and certificate of license from the respective regulators. 
 
Now, I shall brief you on the financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
For the quarter ended December 31, 2021, as compared to corresponding quarter 
previous year, on a consolidated basis, BSE's operational revenues have grown by 60% 
to Rs. 192.67 crores from Rs.  120.59 crores. Transaction charges revenue has increased 
by 99% to Rs. 62.98 crores from Rs. 31.71 crores. Listing related income increased by 
19% to Rs. 57.31 crores from Rs. 48.27 crores. Book building fees increased by 219% to 
Rs. 21.81 crores from Rs. 6.83 crores. The clearing and settlement operational revenues 
increased by 85% to Rs. 11.59 crores from Rs. 6.26 crores. 
 
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the company increased by 89% to Rs. 61.29 
crores from Rs. 32.37 crores. The operating EBITDA has increased by Rs. 55.33 crores to 
Rs. 57.5 crores as against Rs. 2.21 crores is operating EBITDA margin increasing to 30% 
from 2% earlier. Net profit margin increased to 28% as against 20% earlier. 
 

 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
With this overview, let me welcome you once again and invite all of you for question-and-
answer session. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press * and one in their touch phone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and two. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will wait for a moment 
while the question queue assembles.  
 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Devesh Agarwal 
 
Firstly, I wanted to understand the SEBI regulations around margin segregation and 
monitoring which was did on 2nd Feb. What is an update on that if you have at all? What 
is the expected impact of that on the volumes? If my understanding is correct, will the 
cash component of margin requirement go up even in the cash segment or what will be 
the impact exact? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
There won't be much impact on BSE's operations because our subsidiary that does 
clearing where the margins are kept, also provides the interest on the cash margins kept 
with it. So usually in case the margins kept with it increases in cash, there is also an outgo 
which is similar or commensurate and that's why it won't be too much of an impact. 
 
 
Devesh Agarwal 
 
Any update on the likely implementation of this? 
 
 
 

 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It should happen soon. 
 
Devesh Agarwal 
 
In terms of a new product, we have been waiting for the monetizations of the same. So, 
any more clarity among the various products that we have started and where we are 
gaining traction, whether we will be monetizing any of those new revenue streams? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
In terms of selling of those businesses, board had approved kind of monetizing 
framework for the StAR MF platform. We have not yet found a suitable buyer for that. In 
a way we had also announced earlier for last several quarters that we have tried to 
request the potential suitors to also consider any possible structures they want, but we 
have not yet found anyone yet who is willing to work with us on the valuation we want 
and so it's still currently pending. No other platforms other than StAR MF, we are 
searching for active partners yet. 
 
 
Devesh Agarwal 
 
No-no, sir, actually I did not probably frame the question in a right way. What I was trying 
to understand in terms of creating new revenue streams, be it the commodity platform 
or any other platform where we can start charging tariff and create new revenue streams 
for the business? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Currently, we charge for SME listing and also transactions. For mutual funds also, we do 
that. For equities, we do that. Listings fees, we charge. For the commodities we have not 
been able to yet charge and in fact there is a liquidity enhancement programs that is going 
on. Similarly for equity derivatives, there is a liquidity enhancement program that is going 
on. And we do not see anything happening in the immediate future on that. 

 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Devesh Agarwal 
 
And we'll continue with the liquidity enhancements programs at least for the foreseeable 
future in both the products? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
In currency futures, we have been able to gain some market share in the last quarter 
compared to previous quarter. So that is also heartening, but for the commodities and 
equities derivatives, we plan to continue doing liquidity enhancement schemes. 
 
 
Devesh Agarwal 
 
In terms of the power exchange that we are coming up, you said that mock trading’s are 
on to test the technology. So, has BSE provided the technology and would we earn any 
revenues on that for providing technology or it's a third-party vendor technology? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
A large portion of the technology has been provided by BSE and BSE will also provide 
support for trading and operation of the technology. So it's going to be revenue-accruing 
as and when it starts trading for the BSE itself in addition to the exchange. The same or 
similar technology with some minor modifications, BSE will also use as and when the 
electricity futures are allowed. So in some ways this is also kind of a strategic call that 
electricity futures will be allowed somewhere in distant future when this power action 
was conceptualized and BSE should be ready with its technology and other things like 
what BSE did for the GIFT City base, the spot gold exchange that BSE became ready for 
that and BSE offered its technology to the joint venture of all exchanges there which has 
made BSE ready for the gold spot exchange for the domestic area also. Similarly, power 
action technology which BSE has made will help BSE trade electricity futures also as and 
when is sell out. You might have read the news article that electricity futures will be 
regulated by SEBI while as the spot exchanges in power are going to be regulated by CERC 
which is currently the case. And so electricity futures also are on the anvil probably next 
financial year, or this calendar year and we would be ready compared to other exchanges 
as we are currently working on that for the spot electricity exchange. 
 
 

 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Devesh Agarwal 
 
One question for Nayan sir. So, what is the expectation for effective tax rate at the consol 
level for FY'22? 
 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
Currently, our net effective tax rate is around 28% for the last nine months and since we 
have a MAT credit which we need to utilize, we have stopped investing in tax free and it 
will stay at around this level going forward for next few years. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question is from the line of Ojas, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Ojas 
 
I wanted to have a quick insight from you. On the recent MoU dated 22nd January 2022 
for the JV between India Inc., IFSC and Torus Cling Blockchain IFSC in GIFT City for ETF 
apparently on bitcoin. Also, I was quoting a reputed fund manager who tweeted last 
month from his verified twitter handle that there was a possible crypto exchange in the 
making where say BSE or NSE would act as a mother body and would regulate other 
crypto platforms and work in tandem with SEBI and other regulators. So, there is a lot of 
grapevines around the government they're coming out with a crypto bill later this year 
which could pave way for another blue ocean business for us. And I'm assuming that this 
would be a very high margin thing if and when it works out. So, would you like to 
comment on it, or would you term this as a baseless rumour? And might just being so, is 
BSE in any case working towards this with the regulator? Also, with the digital rupee 
being announced, do we think us as an intermediary, Bombay stock exchange will have a 
role to play there? 
 
 
 
 

 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It's easier to answer the India International Exchange part. There is a basically test kind 
of a framework which the GIFT City has for testing newer products in which an 
application has been made by the entity you mentioned, and they have proposed that 
whatever they want to trade, it gets traded on the India International Exchange. So that's 
where basically that Memorandum of Understanding or whatever it is called, has come 
into play, but I don't think the approval has yet come. And as and when approval comes 
the technology of BSE group is reasonably robust to allow trading of any type of products, 
be those crypto currencies also. So as and when they are allowed, they will be basically 
ready at India INX to trade that. And that would be the case as and when it is allowed in 
India. Currently, we are not aware of any move of any type by government agencies or 
regulators to allow trading of crypto currencies on domestic exchanges, and that's why I 
would say it's a matter of speculation and similarly digital rupee for us will be another 
type of payment mechanism, BSE as you know is very, very strong in payment 
technologies also and so we should be able to handle as and when the digital rupee comes 
into play, but we are currently not aware of the details of what is in store. Incidentally, 
BSE is also becoming one of the promoters of the ONDC. It's a not-for-profit for the 
physical e-commerce transactions and goods like what you do with Amazon or Flipkart, 
there is going to be interoperable transaction platform or a standard, which is being 
defined by ONDC and BSE is becoming kind of one of the early contributors to that. Of 
course, it's not for profit, but BSE is as usual contributing to the nation building for last 
147 years and that's where the board decided that it should also contribute to ONDC and 
participate with all its might to create these protocols for ensuring that the e-commerce 
also takes off among smaller people like what happened to the UPI. But BSE will continue 
to be at the forefront, as and when any new products are allowed BSE will be there early 
compared to other actions because BSE owns its technology and maintains and operates 
and develops its own technology. It has more flexibility to allow newer products and 
newer type of instruments going forward. 
 
 
Ojas 
 
My next question would be with the trade receivable discounting platform with the 
MSMEs, when do you expect it to become sizeable enough to contribute to our top line or 
will it burn a lot of cash initially? 
 
 
 
 

 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Our strategy is always to go for a technology which is our own or create partners who can 
bring strategic strength to the table by way of technology or business or both. And that 
we have done in BEAM, BSE EBIX insurance. So effectively the money burn is hugely 
limited to very small amounts compared to what a similar sized organization would 
spend in any new activities. And especially the e-commerce type of activities were 
literally organizations burn billions of dollars. We don't believe in burning too much and 
that's where we continue to control our overall spend by using our technology or our 
partners technologies and sort of hard work. I don't think the amount of burn will be 
anything significant on that count. 
 
 
Ojas 
 
My third and last question would be any particular timeline by which our international 
exchange at GIFT City would start charging transaction charges? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Currently, there are no plans. NSE also doesn't charge in IFSC, and they continue to pay 
for order flow in NSE IFSC and because of that we also have to match their incentives and 
because of that we don't see any current plans to do that, but in listings of bonds and all, 
as I said, we have more than $58 billion, bonds listed, and a large amount of money 
already raised. That is where we have started earning some revenue. We also have a 
framework called INX GA, that is INX Global Access where many brokers have started 
participating by way of connecting to it to route their foreign exchange orders through 
that platform. So that's a heartening thing. So, at some point in time if that becomes large 
enough, that is outbound investment from India into other countries, then that INX GA 
becomes much more profitable. Currently, it's having a few brokers trading on it, but I've 
seen a very large number of brokers going through that as of now and tying up with them 
to take from India to foreign country outbound orders through that platform. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question is from the line of Harish Kumar Gupta, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
 

 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Harish Kumar Gupta 
 
I just want to ask a question this year suddenly there has been a sharp increase in the 
transaction charges around 100% but earlier years this was not the trend. So, what do 
you think that it is because of new demat accounts opening or like this is related to 
particular this year because of bull market and what do you think about the sustainability 
of this growth? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Broadly speaking, you answered your question that the value of transactions increase 
when there is a bull market, there has been sustained bull market and so market 
continues in its own position then you will see a lot of growth into exchange transactions 
across India actually equities exchanges and that is pretty much it, but on top of that BSE 
has been able to increase the transaction numbers for the StAR Mutual Fund platform and 
that has also given a good fillip to the transaction charges increasing. And if that trend 
continues, then again BSE will benefit, and of course in currency futures also BSE has done 
well this year compared to last year and that also basically help BSE. So, there are three, 
four factors but still most of them are connected to the bullishness of the market. And 
that's what you need to keep in mind. 
 
 
Harish Kumar Gupta 
 
So, like considering the current situation what is your estimates in next five years, how 
much we can achieve as a company? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
I think basically we tend to work more to provide best facilities to the investors and it is 
up to the investors to trade on that. So, it's very difficult for me to predict any CAGR on 
such things. 
 
 
 

 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Srivallav, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Srivallav 
 
I have two questions. First is related to currency derivative. I'm saying the trend is that 
we are losing the market share in currency derivative. It seems like that after 
interoperability the currency derivative segment losing the market share. I don't know 
what's the reason. I'm also trading sometimes in the currency. I can see brokers even 
though they are not setting maker, even they enable the BSE currency derivative from my 
side, they are showing in position side as always NSE. I don't know what BSE is doing to 
check or validating at broker side whether the trades are executing at interoperability 
level, or it is always routed to NSE level? And we are charging very negligible compared 
to competitor on currency derivative. I don't feel so that charging less will increase the 
liquidity. I feel that if you have to increase the liquidity, interoperability has to be in 
rightness. If we see the equity segment, the interoperability help us to increase the 
market share. So I don't feel the charging less is beneficial. I would say we are losing some 
revenue stream over there. Only we have to focus on the interoperability side from 
currency derivative side. So this is the first part from the currency derivative side. And 
second is equity derivative. I already raised one thing on the SENSEX derivative last year. 
I feel I haven't raised that question properly or I haven't recommended suggestion 
properly. So what I was saying at that time was can we create a separate index on 
SENSEX-30 as like a SENSEX-30 tracker or something like that which will be like one-
tenth of SENSEX-30. Because right now even we have launched SENSEX-30 several times 
but we lose the track of it because it's a very huge number and people tends to lose the 
track of it, and we haven't started very initially. So I was recommending why can't we 
create a simple like a smaller index which will track SENSEX-30? Because most of the 
people talk about SENSEX-30. And this is the most well-known index which we have and 
we are investing quite a lot on SENSEX-50 but I'm not saying it's not a bad idea, but what 
we should do is that whichever thing we have, we have to use that index and try to give 
one more try because we already invested quite a lot, should we give one more try and 
create another index and launch derivative on that one? The figure will be around 6,000 
or something like that range and that is very good for investor or retailer to trade on that 
index. So these are the two questions which I have from my side. 
 
 
 

 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
So currency derivatives as I mentioned in my speech, we seem to be increasing the market 
share this year vis-à-vis last year. Last year due to the COVID, the banks actually stopped 
having their own people going to their banks and that's why we were basically depending 
on the larger banks who were trading on us and they in a way some of them reduced their 
activities, that's why our market share had gone down. This year our market share is 
going up because the banks have started functioning well and some of them are also 
price-sensitive customers. So despite your feeling that people are not price-sensitive, 
some of them are and we will look into again your suggestion, similarly, your suggestion 
of getting SENSEX down by 90% to 10%. It's again that suggestion has come for last 
almost 20 years since the equity derivatives have been placed and NSE took a large 
market share there. We have tried many things. This also in a way is worth trying 
provided SEBI gives approval and so we have been thinking through many such things. 
Once in case is allowed, I'm sure you will trade and make your friends trade in that. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Tanvia from Ashwani Tanvia & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Ayush Tanvia 
 
My question was mainly regarding the sharp fall of investment income we have seen, even 
though our revenue of operations have been robust, but the only fall we have seen is 
investment income which have reflected also in our PBT and PAT. Do you have any 
comments on that why it has happened and what does it primarily consist of? 
 
 
Nayan Mehta 
 
So the reason for sharp fall in investment income is because of the accounting standard 
which requires that whenever you invest in any investment which is not long term and 
which doesn't have a fixed maturity, you have to mark-to-market it on a quarterly basis. 

 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
So this results in a situation that when we do mark-to-market, the market value of a script 
goes up and down depending on the market perception of the rate movement. In the last 
quarter especially what has happened is that that market started anticipating the rise in 
interest rates across globe. Now what happens is that that we have invested a lot of 
money in FMPs which give a predetermined return and that comes to us irrespective of 
whatever the interim movements are, and that money is over a period of the FMP. Other 
thing is that we invest in other mutual funds also and the thing which we have to keep in 
mind is that that BSE has to invest only in very safe securities as per its investment policy 
and obviously no company would like to risk the public fund by doing investment which 
are very risky in nature. So we invest in liquid schemes and because we are expecting that 
the rates are likely to rise, we have kept it in short term also. But because of this real 
pressure coming in, in the month of December, the mark-to-market has gone down and 
that's the main reason why you have seen that our investment income has gone down on 
a consolidated basis. On a standalone basis, last quarter we had done Rs.19 crores of 
dividend income from our associate, CDSL. So, that is the main cause of a big difference 
which you are seeing in standalone accounts. 
 
 
Ayush Tanvia 
 
My second question was regarding that. Is there any way we can monetize our StAR MF 
better given the tremendous growth we have there along with the Lion's market share? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
In a way, the AMFI negotiates on their behalf. So after almost 12-years of operations and 
first nine years of zero revenues, we have come to a level where we are able to charge, 
and the competition actually still continues to spend much more money. And this is a 
reasonably profitable business for us. So we have come a long way, but we have a longer 
way to go. So what we have got is despite the cutthroat pricing which is highly profitable, 
monopolistic competition ends up doing, and despite that because our services and 
technology, we are able to give better quality of products and that's where mutual funds 
people which are again highly sensitive on pricing are paying and all disputes have been 
resolved, they jointly decide on the pricing. So currently we'll continue on this framework. 
Going forward we'll see how to increase that revenue from different areas. 
 

 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator 
 
The next question is from the line of Ranch Mehta from Sonalika Group. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Ranch Mehta 
 
My question is with regard to the succession planning for the M.D. and CEO what we have 
been reading in the media that it might be ending in the next financial year. So how is that 
lined up? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It's a good question. Basically, there is a SEBI regulation which restricts the CEO's term to 
maximum two terms of five years each. So I'll be completing it this calendar year 
sometimes in the early fourth quarter. So we have already put in place a framework which 
the board is going through as per the same requirements. As per the SEBI's SOP which 
was jointly decided by exchanges and in a way given to the SEBI, at least six months before 
the CEO is to retire, the selection process has to start. And so BSE as a conservative 
organization started even before that and we have applied to SEBI for a specific input 
from their side. On the other side, the details relating to the search agencies, and all are 
also going on. So effectively BSE has formally started its process for hiring a new CEO, and 
BSE's next layer what we call, executive management committee is stable and well 
entrenched into the system, each of them are more than five to seven years old into the 
system, and they have their teams which are also very highly experienced and so we have 
a succession planning for each of the executive management committee member also. So 
we have a succession planning for the next three layers and each person is identified 
other than the CEO because CEO selection is a public process, and we have to go for 
interviewing and advertising for outsiders and so on and so forth. That's why other than 
the CEO, the succession planning within the organization has been conducted and 
continues to be conducted every year. People identified to take up places for the people 
who are retiring or even otherwise and they get interviewed by the board and the NRC, 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee also looks into that up to a two-layer kind 
of a process. So effectively it's a very well-defined process. And for the CEO, the process 
has already begun. So, as and when a new CEO is selected, of course, there will be some 
hand-holding period and so on and so forth. And that is currently in the plan. 

 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
 
Ranch Mehta 
 
So you have got the two-time extension or one-time extension? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
SEBI regulation says you can have maximum two terms of five years each. So this I will 
be completing my second term which means one extension of five years, but earlier also 
it was five years. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question is from the line of Abhinav Mehrotra from Stoic Capital Management. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
Abhinav Mehrotra 
 
My question is about StAR MF platform. For every loss-making startup is able to find 
private investment in today's market, but beyond that in the last conference call you had 
mentioned that you will even look into IPO-ing StAR MF in the IPO market. So is there any 
progress on that? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
There is no progress. 
 
 
 

 
19 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Abhinav Mehrotra 
 
Is it still open or is that option closed? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
It's always open. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question is from the line of Ojas, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Ojas 
 
So as we have come up with the bonus of 2:1, do we sort of have a hit on the dividend pay-
out ratio for this FY and do we as an organization continue to sort of look at creating more 
shareholder value in the coming years with more such decisions like bonuses and all? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Basically, we have a stated policy on dividend that whatever we earn 95% to 100% on 
the main company will be issued out of dividend. So that's our clear cut stated policy and 
it will continue. So, if the profits continue to grow up, the dividend will continue to grow 
up, right. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
20 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Ojas 
 
With the global liquidity coming down a bit and the transaction volumes lowering down 
on a sequential basis say in Q4 this year like with the current global markets, do you see 
that the transaction volume and consequently our top line getting affected by that? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
I think it's a matter of conjecture because there was a huge worry about the US market 
going down drastically just on announcement and nothing of that sort happened. So it 
remains to be seen how these things work out although the US interest rates as of now 
for 10 years it's 1.965% which is almost 300% jump from say previous year. So there has 
been a lot that has happened, but it is yet unclear whether it is going to generate that kind 
of tightening that is expected, and whether the tightening would reduce the equity prices 
that also needs to be seen. So, these are all matters of conjecture and usually being a 
regulator first we tend to be more about practical realities and immediate rather than 
trying to predict future too much. 
 
 
Ojas 
 
As we were talking about your transition, so is there a cool-off period in the SEBI clause 
where you can't be associated with the exchange post your stepping down or can you be 
associated in some other way? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
In a way, this will all be subject to regulatory requirements and regulatory approvals and 
all. Currently, whatever way it is comfortable for all parties, we will work on it but first 
and foremost we have to find the best suitable person for BSE. That is what I call of utmost 
importance. 
 
 

 
21 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator 
 
 
The next question is from the Srivallav, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Srivallav 
 
I would like to know what BSE is doing to check how interoperability is implemented on 
broker side because yes, we are saying that we are pushing for interoperability but 
whether investor can report that there is no interoperability from our end means 
whenever we say we check the trade or you go at broker side and validate that from your 
end because I have seen that you have created some SEBI regulated that if broker doesn't 
implement, then you are charging a fine, something like that. If you are implementing fine, 
then how you are tracking all those things that's what I will be curious about if you can 
put some light on that? 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
I think it's a very interesting way to look at it. We rely largely on the broker declaration 
and also, we know the broker using a particular type of software vendor and so their 
versions of a particular software which provides interoperability is tracked. So if they 
have older version usually, they wouldn't have the interoperability and the newer version 
they would have the interoperability, that is an assumption, but we use those two things, 
broker declaration and the version used, but when our people go for inspections, they 
also try to check for that. But it is a good idea that you have given us that in case any 
investor wants to complain, we would create a framework on our website for you as an 
investor to make a complaint against a member who is not giving you either the best price 
execution because that's also important and also interoperability in true sense and you 
can give of course the proof with the data loaded and then you can go to the broker and 
check at his site whether it is true or not. And so I think you have given us a good idea and 
we will try to implement that going forward. 
 
 
 
 

 
22 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman for closing comments. 
 
 
 
Anand Sethuraman 
 
Thank you so much for all for attending the call. I think we can just close this call now. 
 
 
Ashishkumar Chauhan 
 
Thank you, everyone. Appreciate it. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
On behalf of BSE Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
