 
BURGER KING INDIA LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Private Limited) 
Registered office: Unit Nos.1003-1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, 
Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400059 
CIN : L55204MH2013FLC249986 / info@burgerking.in / Tel.: 022-7193 3000 
Website: www.burgerking.in 
February 1, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
SYMBOL: BURGERKING 
 
Sub.:  Investor/ Analyst Call Transcript  
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the aforesaid SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Investor/ Analyst call w.r.t. the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2021, held on January 25, 2022 at 10:00 a.m. IST as Annexure A. 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking,in.  
 
You are requested to take note of the same and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Burger King India Limited 
(Formerly Known as Burger King India Private Limited)  
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F8765 
 

Annexure A 
Page 1 of 29 
 
“Burger King India Limited  
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST:             MR. NIHAL JHAM - EDELWEISS SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJEEV VARMAN - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, BURGER KING INDIA 
MR. PRASHANT DESAI - HEAD OF STRATEGY AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS, BURGER KING INDIA 
MR. SUMIT ZAVERI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BURGER KING INDIA 
MR. KAPIL GROVER - CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER, 
BURGER KING INDIA 
 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 29 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome you to the Burger 
King India Q3 FY‘22 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by 
Edelweiss Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nihal Mahesh Jham 
from Edelweiss Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nihal Jham: 
Thank you, Aman. On behalf of Edelweiss, I would like to 
welcome you all to the Q3 FY ‘22 earnings conference call of 
Burger King India. From the management today we have Mr. 
Rajeev Varman, CEO and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sumit 
Zaveri, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Kapil Grover, Chief 
Marketing Officer; and Mr. Prashant Desai, Head of Strategy 
and Investor Relations. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Rajeev Varman 
for his opening remarks. Over to you, Raj. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah, thank you, thank you very much. Good morning, 
everyone. And I hope you and your families are safe as we 
continue this Omicron phase. I think it has been an exciting 
quarter for us actually a very good quarter for us. We delivered 
revenue wise INR 280 crores in sales, which is 14% higher than 
INR 245 crores, that we delivered the previous quarter. So, a 
good quarter. 
And I’m going to stop using the word recovery, because our 
ADS, our average daily sales actually surpassed the pre-
COVID numbers. So, with this quarter, we ended up at 104% 
of pre-COVID quarterly sales. So, that was an exciting number 
as well. This was driven predominantly by our sales that come 
through our delivery, which continues to stay stable at 160% of 
pre-COVID numbers. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 29 
Dine-in sales also recovered, if you recall, our Q2 numbers 
were about 65% over pre-COVID sales. They moved from 65% 
to 78%. So, that was also an improvement. Our regional wise, 
West, we recovered 119%, South and East we were at 108%, 
and then North we have still a little -- we had a little room of 
recovery, we’re at 95%. However, in December, we crossed the 
100% mark on the North numbers as well at 102%. 
So, looking at the December exit number of Q3 as we kind of 
exited Q3, delivery sales ADS 166%, dine-in was recovered 
86%, West was at 126%, South and East at 115% and North as 
I said was 102%. So very good recovery in sales and this is on 
top of us doing only 75% the traffic. So, we have done a good 
job with menu in the last few quarters, moving up the check to 
a substantial number. And hoping that this moving forward into 
Q4 and then moving into the next year, we are looking at as 
traffic recovers to surpass all these sales. So good quarter from 
that perspective. 
Also, just a quick note on the restaurant level EBITDA, we 
delivered INR 48 crores, which is 17.2% all these are post 
India’s numbers. This is more than the Q2 number of INR 40 
crore which was at 16.6%. So that went up as well. The 
company EBITDA was at INR 32.8 crores, 11.7%, which is 
again over the Q2 numbers, which was at 10.4%, which is at 
INR 25 crores. So good from that perspective as well. 
And finally, just on the Indonesian acquisition. So, we -- as you 
recall from our past calls, that this -- we had sent in -- first of 
all, our Board had approved the offer, approved the offer to go 
ahead and buy Indonesia. And post Board approval, we made a 
proposal to the seller. That was also accepted. And the latest is 
that our shareholders have also approved this transaction. So, 
thank you very much for that, really, thanks for all the support 
on that. 
This is an acquisition of about 83.24% of the Indonesian 
business, enterprise value is at 183 which is clear of debt free 
basis. So that’s on that side. Just quick couple of notes on our 
key pillars. We continue to build our restaurants, we built 20 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 29 
restaurants in this quarter, moving up to 294. In fact, one 
restaurant just opened yesterday and we are at 295. And we 
continue to build restaurants, we have 9 in construction, and 
another 65 waiting in pipeline as we kind of move them into 
construction and forward. 
The BK App, Kapil, will spend some time talking about the BK 
App. But great to work there by the marketing team. We have 
moved that quarter-over-quarter app sales by 41%. So, thank 
you, Kapil and thanks for all the work you’re doing. And just 
on the cafe, we have opened 18 cafes. Now if you recall, we 
had talked about opening cafes in Q4. We pulled it up front and 
we opened 18 cafes in Q3. There are still eight or nine of them 
in construction as we speak today and more going into 
construction for this Q4 quarter. 
Stunner Menu continues to be strong, it is continuing to be 
accepted by millennial audience. And Kapil will talk a little 
more about that. So, that’s just basically a top level summary 
we will go dive into these areas on this call. What I’ll do is now 
I will turn it over to Prashant. Prashant will carry you through 
some of the numbers and then, Sumit Zaveri and Kapil will 
kind of follow after Prashant. 
So over to you, Prashant. 
Prashant Desai: 
Thank you, Raj. So, friends coming to slide number five. We 
are as Raj mentioned, as we speak 295 restaurants, this year, 
our target was to touch 320. We are well on course to deliver 
320 restaurants. Next year, as you know, our target is 390. So, 
we will continue to do that. You will notice in slide number 
five, that we have not put the restaurant opening numbers for 
FY ‘23, FY ‘24, FY ‘25 we want to do and it will be a target of 
700. 
And you will see later on also the guidance slide we’ve kind of 
moved that. And the reason I wanted to kind of share with all of 
you is you see we have actually delivered on every single 
guidance that we have shared with you be it with respect to 
store openings, be it with respect to the ADS guidance and be it 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 29 
with respect to our gross margin guidance. So, what we will do 
is, having achieved all the guidance for this year, we will come 
back to you guys for -- when we come back to you guys for the 
March quarter full year numbers, that’s the time we will now 
revisit that guidance, including the guidance for the store 
rollouts in Indonesia, including the guidance for the BK Cafe 
rollout as a result of this we kind of excluded it from here. But 
when we come back to you with March there will be three more 
-- two more numbers in addition to the India store rollout, it 
will the BK Cafe in India rollout plus the Indonesia store 
rollout. 
Raj spoke about this in terms of slide number seven in terms of 
our recovery. What we’ve done is for your benefit, we’ve 
broken this recovery down Q1, Q2, Q3 financial year 2021 and 
‘22 wise. If you recall, two quarters back, we have chosen to 
share with you that our pre-COVID numbers on ADS basis 
when we ended March ‘20 was INR 110,000. And we said that 
it’s better to compare our performance this year with the March 
‘20 numbers, because comparing with March ‘20 will always 
give you a very high efficiency. As a result of this, we’ve 
shared this number with you for your benefit, as you will see in 
the last quarter as well, the recovery continues to grow. And we 
were at 114,000 of ADS for the March quarter -- sorry for the 
December quarter. 
Raj spoke a little bit about slide number eight. As Raj 
mentioned, the delivery recovery continues to remain strong. 
And as you will see the first quarter of this financial year, our 
dine-in recovery has slunked to 32% because of the second 
wave. It then moved up to 65% in Q2 and we ended Q3 at 78% 
recovery. But heartening to know towards the December 
numbers where the dine-in ADS recovered 86%. Similarly, the 
recovery on the delivery side for December was almost 166%. 
If you look at the Q3 overall number, the dine-in ADS currently 
is at 47% and delivery is at 53%. If you guys will recall when 
we ended March ‘20 for the full year, our dine-in business was 
65% of our business and delivery was about 35%. You know in 
our review, we’ve kind of shared this with you that we believe 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 29 
we are predominantly a dine-in business. And as the world 
opens up, as schools and colleges open up I’d say the dine-in 
traffic kind of completely recovers, we believe, the balance of 
65%, 35% should return back in FY ‘23. 
Talking a little bit about slide number nine, as I said the 
recovery now stands at 104%. And if we just map by December 
month, the recoveries is around 111%. Raj again mentioned 
this, because we have our MFDA gives us the rights to open 
restaurants all across the country, we shared with you our 
individual wise recovery, West has again met this recovery at 
almost 120% for Q3, followed by South and East at 108% and 
as Raj mentioned, North which was kind of lagging also in 
December crossed the 100% recovery number. 
What I will do is, quickly turn it over to Sumit, our CFO to 
quickly share with you the highlights of our operating 
performance. Over to you, Sumit. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Thanks. I’ll kind of summarize literally summarize what 
Prashant and Raj took you through the financial performance 
slide, which is Slide 11 is literally the summary of what we 
achieved during the quarter. We grew our sales by 14% got to 
INR 280 crores of sales. We achieved a margin of over 66%. 
And if you’ve been tracking our performance, you will realize 
that quarter-on-quarter basis, we’ve been improving our gross 
profit margins, we are at 66%. We strongly as an organization 
believe that we should just continue to be where -- what we’ve 
achieved, we improve on from there on. So, we strongly 
believe that what we’ve achieved is certainly sustainable. And 
we can build out based on that going forward. 
Looking at the restaurant EBITDA margins, we got to 17.2%. 
Again, there, we’ve improved from what we achieved over the 
previous quarter and at a company level 11.7% in terms of 
company level EBITDA, improvement from 10.4% to 11.7%, 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, it’s been a good quarter. We 
believe that we’ve created a base from where we can kind of 
work towards improving further. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 29 
So, with that, I’ll just hand it over to Kapil, who can take us 
through some of the initiatives that we took on the marketing 
side, which has certainly helped us in achieving what we 
achieved in quarter three. 
Kapil Grover: 
Well, thanks, Sumit, and a very good morning to everyone on 
the call. Now, in the last quarter, we’ve seen very good 
improvement in our sales recovery, and especially dine-in, 
while our delivery sales stayed very strong. Now, we’ve been 
focused on strengthening our brand and Whopper is a key pillar 
of that strategy. We continue to drive very exciting engagement 
programs and limited time products to build that franchise. 
After a string of awards that we won for our social media 
campaigns like gate the Whopper, which is around the 
Valentine’s Day, and the great cricket hack which we did 
around the 20-20 cricket tournament. Last New Year, we 
launched incredibly fun campaign to engage with the youth and 
helped them stay sober on the first day of the new year. 
While people celebrated New Year with abundant caution 
outside or in the safety of their homes, Burger King make sure 
that they didn’t need to worry about a delicious, plain grilled 
Whopper, or a crispy veg Whopper to start their first day in the 
New Year on a good note. So, the Sober Whopper was a 
customized product, and it was available exclusively on Burger 
King App. 
I’m very happy to share that the idea connected very well with 
the Indian youth and also got coverage in countries like South 
Korea, Australia, France and Italy. So, that’s where we 
continue to build the Whopper franchise. 
I move to slide number 14. We’ve done a lot of foundational 
work on the Burger King App. And we are now seeing very 
good momentum quarter-on-quarter with a growth of 41% in 
sales in the last quarter. We now have 177 e-bikes on the 
ground, delivering orders which are placed on the Burger King 
App. And we will continue to grow the percentage of e-bikes in 
our street. We also continue to invest in driving BK App 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 29 
adoption through digital marketing. And by the end of last 
quarter, we have had cumulative 2.35 million installs and over 
400,000 monthly active users on the Burger King App. So that 
part of the business continues to grow for us every quarter we 
stay invested behind that. 
Now that brings me to the next slide, slide number 15 on BK 
Cafe. Raj spoke about the fact that we’ve been able to fast track 
this project and roll out 18 cafes by 31st December. Now these 
cafes are a mix of high street, drive throughs and malls so, we 
can get learnings and improve the model before we scale up. So 
far we’ve seen that the consumers have given very positive 
feedback on the menu, both hot and cold beverages and the 
food. We’re also seeing some very good pattern and improving 
overall beverage sales and traffic in key day parts by offering 
this new proposition to our consumers. But as we said, it’s very 
early days for BK Cafe and we will keep you posted on how 
this progresses over time. 
Now that brings me to slide number 16. Last quarter, we 
continued to grow Stunner awareness in trial, that’s our value 
proposition. If we measure this versus July 21, which is when 
we launched a 360 campaign around Stunner, the Stunner 
Menu volumes have grown by 39%, which is in a way very 
strongly correlated to dine-in traffic growth in the last quarter. 
So, that tells us that the consumers have a very good acceptance 
and trial of the Stunner menu. And we’re getting fantastic 
feedback on the products. So that in a way sums up the 
marketing update for the last quarter. 
I will now hand it over to Prashant to talk you through the key 
performance indicators. 
Prashant Desai: 
Thanks, Kapil. Appreciate that. So, friends, as I was sharing 
with you earlier this slide used to be our guidance slide. Given 
the fact that we’ve achieved all the three guidances that we 
shared with you for the current year, what we want to do when 
we come back to you in March is now start incrementally 
sharing with you the new guidance, because most of our 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 29 
guidance will now need to be revised upwards from what it was 
previously. 
So, we will now come back to you in the March quarter full 
year numbers with our new guidance on store openings. It will 
also include the guidance on BK Cafe, as well as our guidance 
on the individual operation, where our view is that we should 
be able to -- now that the shareholders have approved this, we 
will be soon launching our QIP. And subsequent to the 
successful closure of QIP and acquisition of the Indonesian 
business, we will come back to you in the March quarter and 
guide you for the Indonesian business segment. 
Now with cafe starting, we will have to revisit our guidance 
upwards on the gross margin side on the same store side. As 
Raj and Kapil both mentioned still early days for cafes, initial 
response continues to be extremely strong and promising, but 
we are just asking for another quarter for you so that when we 
come back to you, with our March numbers we guide you much 
more appropriately with a very strong degree of confidence on 
that. So, as a result of this, we kind of released the previous 
guidance slide, and we will reinsert it in the next quarter. 
In terms of what’s the update on the transaction, as you know, 
which was a related party transaction, being a related party 
transaction the promoters were not allowed to vote. So, the 
procedure was really with the minority shareholders. So, the 
minority shareholders overwhelmingly have voted in favor of 
acquisition of the BK Indonesia Business, we continue to be 
very, very strong believers not just in the Indonesian story and 
the Indonesian Burger King story, but in its growth as well. 
Now, we have to go and raise this money to acquire this 
business. So, we will very soon be launching our QIP as a 
result of this and hopefully with our current existing and new 
investors embracing our Indonesian purchase we should be able 
to acquire the Indonesian business. We also -- the other 
development, now we got acquiring the Burger King Indonesia 
business, we have proposed the main chains to Restaurant 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 29 
Brands Asia Limited, the shareholders will approve that, we’ll 
now wait for the ROC approval before we kind of change this. 
So that’s it from our side guys. A strong quarter, but just one 
small thought I want to kind of leave with you. This year was 
also like last year kind of boiled with second wave and now the 
Omicron wave. So, in all this we are actually looking forward 
to the next year probably will be a very, very big year for 
Burger King. For the India business, for the Indonesian getting 
consolidated with cafe now, these are very meaningful parts of 
our business. Hoping that next year we will have probably 
much lesser on almost zero disruption because of this looking 
forward to dine-in business. Again coming back the traffic 
bouncing back as Raj had mentioned in the previous call during 
this COVID period our check sign has grown by about 40%. 
And if traffic comes back (inaudible) next year FY ‘23, we will 
have a very different FY ‘23. 
So, with this, we open the floor for Q&A. The team is here to 
take on any questions that you may have. 
Questions and Answers 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now 
begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to 
ask the question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question 
queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Vicky Punjabi from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. Vicky Punjabi, your line is 
unmuted, request you to please unmute your line and go ahead. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question, sir. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are. Please, go ahead. 
Prashant Desai: 
Yeah, Vicky. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 29 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Yes, sir. So, sir, my first question is actually on the margin 
front. Now, I was just comparing the current quarter with the 
December ‘19 quarter. So, I see a gross margin expansion of 
140 bps and an EBITDA margin expansion of 30 bps. And I 
just -- when I look at two quarters in terms of character, there is 
definitely a higher element of delivery in this quarter versus -- I 
mean, delivery mix this quarter versus say a December ‘19 
quarter. So, I mean, just one of the implications that I could 
draw out here is that, if we have a same kind of a revenue per 
store, and the delivery mix is higher than what the dine-in mix 
is, it will have an adverse impact or on like-to-like basis the 
margin would be lower, the EBITDA margin would be lower. 
Is this a true understanding? Or the fact is that, the incremental 
prices on delivery does offset the incremental expenses here? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So, Vicky -- Prashant, you want to take? 
Prashant Desai: 
No, no, Sumit, go ahead. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So, Vicky, yes, what you are seeing is correct that dine-in and 
delivery has a differential in terms of margins at an EBITDA 
level, but your question, first, saying does the price differential 
offset the impact? Yes, price differential and the idea of having 
a price differential is to offset and be competitive on the 
platform. So, that does help retain the gross margins. 
There is an incremental cost to do that business. And that does 
impact on the EBITDA side. But what we have always been 
maintaining that as the business starts recovering, and as we see 
the restrictions on the COVID coming off, we very clearly see 
that the business will move towards and tend to move towards 
dine-in. That’s literally the character of the QSR business in 
India and that’s what we’ve seen. 
If you look at even our slides on what we have observed 
ourselves of dine-in recovery, as the restrictions kept on 
moving out, we’ve constantly seen the share of dine-in 
increasing. And if you see literally in the month of December, 
we got to 86% of our pre-COVID levels of dine-in. So, while it 
does impact, we do strongly believe that as restrictions go back, 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 29 
we will go towards and closer to the pre-COVID levels of dine-
in delivery ratios. That’s something which we strongly believe. 
Secondly, I kind of did cover this as a part of my mention. The 
gains on gross margin that we’ve got so far, we strongly believe 
that we should be -- we strongly knew that we would sustain it 
and only kind of improve from there on. So, just to summarize, 
we strongly believe that we are a dine-in led business. As the 
restriction goes back, we will go towards a higher share of 
dine-in. And secondly is the gains on the margin side that 
we’ve got, the gross margin side that we’ve got we will be able 
to sustain and only grow from there on. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Okay. So, sir… 
Prashant Desai: 
Just one thing I wanted to kind of buildup on that, what Sumit 
mentioned in terms of, as I mentioned, our check sizes during 
this period has gone up. So, though your percentage margin 
may have come down, but when you look at the dollar margin 
or the rupee margin per se because your check sizes have 
expanded by 40% overall from a business standpoint it’s not 
made a very meaningful difference, though as a percentage 
basis, if you look uphill battle. But on an actual would be, it’s 
not making much of a difference. Sorry, Vicky, go ahead. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Sure. Sir, I just wanted to -- just clarify my understanding out 
here, what we mean is that delivery stay strong, while dine-in 
recovers. So, overall, once the dine-in recovers completely, we 
will have a higher revenue per store what we were seeing 
versus pre-COVID levels, and plus the margin, the gross 
margins would continue to strengthen from there on, partly also 
-- I mean, despite the dine-in proportions moving up, is that my 
-- is my understanding right out here? 
Prashant Desai: 
Yes, yes, absolutely, Vicky. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Okay. Sure. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Just the three numbers I want to share with you. We spoke 
about this in the last quarter, we said that we would exit this 
year, fiscal year in March, going North of 66% on margins, we 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 29 
have already done that in Q3. We said that we would exit Q3 -- 
we would exit this year, fiscal year March, getting sales to back 
to pre-COVID levels, we have already got this in Q3. We said 
that we will get to 320 restaurants by March of this year, fiscal 
year. And we are well on track to hit those. So, that’s why we 
kind of put this into a very good quarter because it helped us 
with all the opening ups and the market and the malls and so 
forth. It just kind of got us at quarter head start on all our 
numbers. And that’s why we are kind of placing this as a good 
quarter. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
No, sir, yeah, definitely, it’s a strong quarter. Just one more 
thing I wanted to understand on the BK Cafe expansion side, I 
mean, while we are currently kind of piloting the model, once 
we have a -- once be firmed up on the model side, there is 
something on the number of stores that’s being expanded 
generally. And then there is BK Cafe that comes in. So, on the 
new store launches, what is the thought process here, do we 
currently go without the BK Cafe and then in three to four 
years, we have to again renovate to get BK Cafe? Or would we 
actually go with BK Cafe across most of our new store 
expansions. Just wanting to understand the thought process of 
cafe expansion? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Vicky, cafes are here to stay, right? So, all our new restaurants 
are actually designed with cafes in them. So, we will be 
opening cafes all across our portfolio. As I said, I think two 
quarters ago, that there’ll be a full-fledged cafe and then in a 
food court, we will have a what we are calling is a B model, 
which will have a counter area, and we’ll have the menu board 
and the cafe menu over there. But we are now inherently 
building these into our designs. So, all the new design actually 
already, we have already done that. So, all the new restaurants 
that we’re opening now already have cafes in inside them. And 
this will continue as we continue to build restaurants next year 
and the year after that. I hope that answers that. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Sure. Thank you lot. Thank you lot. I’ll come back in queue for 
more questions. Thank you. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 29 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you. Thanks for your questions, Vicky. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to our participants, please press ‘*’ and 
‘1’ if you wish to ask a question. The next question is from the 
line of Anish Moonka from JST Investment. Please go ahead. 
Anish Moonka: 
Thank you. So, when I try to understand the long-term business 
economics of a QSR company, and please correct me if I’m 
wrong, customer retention plays a very critical role. So, not just 
to check if the customer is coming back to us after visiting 
once, but also to check that is he or she coming to us in 7 days, 
14 days or 28 days. And thereafter to get data driven insights as 
to how much integration are we able to make in their day to day 
lives? So, what does your data tell you? And where is the 
direction? Thank you. 
Prashant Desai: 
Kapil, will you take that. 
Kapil Grover: 
Yeah, sure, Prashant. So, hi. So, we are actually in the midst of 
working on a very comprehensive CRM tech integration and 
long-term sort of play around understanding customer through 
data, that is already in the works and we should be rolling that 
out in the coming quarter. So far, what we are getting from 
researchers and customer interactions, both qualitative and 
quantitative, is that we are seeing a good incidence of our 
products on the Stunner Menu and the new launches that we’ve 
done in every checks the customer are trying it, and it sustains 
over time. So, we’ve seen that stickiness on the menu. But as I 
said, we are in the midst of working on a very comprehensive 
CRM program. And we should be able to share a lot more 
database insights in the coming quarters. 
Anish Moonka: 
Noted. So secondly, on the menu, so as we see it, the majority 
of India remains a dal, roti and rice eaters and would go for a 
QSR not more than once a weekend. As we saw with KFC, 
when they were struggling 10, 15 years ago, to become an 
everyday brand, they introduced the rice box, and that changed 
everything. So how is Burger King planning to position 
themselves as a weekday brand, as we understand that’s where 
the untapped volumes are? Thank you. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 29 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah, thank you, Anish for that question. If you actually reflect 
back on QSR usage in India today, it’s approximately about 
eight times in a given month, right. So, that’s how often they 
are going into the restaurants, those numbers in the other Asian 
markets, for example, China and Indonesia are significantly 
higher, China being at about 28 times a month, and Indonesia is 
somewhere in between those two numbers. So, that growth is 
happening as we speak now. When I came to India in 2014, the 
concept of burgers and Western QSR was basically a snack, 
and people would have that snack and then go back and have 
their dinner. 
Now, we introduced and strongly went after the concept of 
combos. And we really took the lead in making sure we came 
up with some fantastic introduction and strategies at that time, 
we were actually taking a combo at INR 50, so take any 
product at INR 50 became a combo. So, we in grilled, that kind 
of culture at that time, we have not looked back from there, we 
continue to drive that experience with our customers. And 
today, if you look at our combo percentage has significantly 
climbed beyond what we used to do, which was at 26%, 30% 
this has gone North of that. 
The other two things that I’ll tell you is how we learn that these 
repeat businesses, it’s through products, it’s through our 
product mix. So, if you look at our product mix, we started the 
King’s collection, which has gourmet line of products. And, lo 
behold, we are expecting to sell a few of those. And now today 
we are selling upwards of 80 of those units per day. And that is 
not with 100% of the traffic back in our restaurants. So, there’s 
massive room over there, that’s sustaining, it is not going up 
and down, it’s sustaining, it’s continued and grow from there, 
which tells us that though that entire menu that collection has 
resonance with our clients and they like it. 
The second one is the Stunner, the introduction menu or the 
entry level menu, and we shared those numbers with you or 
Kapil shared those numbers with you, those are gaining 
massive traction. And you can imagine we have not yet gone on 
TV this quarter. And the only promotion we had was last year 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 29 
as we went on television with Stunner Menu. I think this is the 
other one which will gain and will drive people into our 
restaurants at the entry level for trials and then we have a 
laddered menu to our King’s collection to gain, check from 
there on. 
So, as we look at the business, we feel strongly that we have 
put in the discipline and the item and the structure menu 
architecture in place, which will give us long term growth on 
not only a repeat business, but also on new trials because of the 
entry level menu. 
Kapil Grover: 
Just to add to what Raj spoke about our menu being structured 
in a manner. To your question we have also been very 
conscious of the Indian taste palate in the design of the menu 
from the day one when Raj set up the whole speech with the 
legit team, the entire menu that we sell in India is an India 
exclusive menu designed to the taste preferences of the Indian 
consumer. And even today we continue to stay focused on that 
so, ideas like for example the Masala Whopper is a Whopper 
which is made for the Indian taste palate and you’ll see many 
more ideas that come out like that. 
For example, the Tikki Twist Burger it’s got products and 
ingredients which are -- because Indians like multi textural 
food it’s called crispies and a spicy sauce, right, the Makhani 
Burger. So, we have a menu which does reflect the taste 
preferences of our Indian consumers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Moonka. Request you to join the queue for any 
follow up. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi 
Mehta from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Hi, sir. I just had three questions. First, I wanted to kind of just 
understand, is there any divergence in the gross margin 
between time and delivery? What I mean is do people tend to 
order more premium products online versus offline? Or does 
the check size have any difference in the gross margins? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Yeah, so first of all, Avi your question on check sizes, we’ve 
actually seen very similar check sizes between dine-in and 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 29 
delivery. From the perspective of gross margins that we 
realized on both products is very similar in terms of percentage 
as well as rupee margin. The reason is that we do follow a price 
differential as a mechanism to kind of make sure that we do 
realize very similar gross margins from both dine-in and 
delivery, as a business model. 
Avi Mehta: 
Perfect, that’s clear. So, I was trying to kind of see if that is a -- 
if the changing mix has any risk or how -- and does that have in 
that gross margin, but now, I’m clear on that. The second bit is 
essentially on the operating restrictions that we’ve seen, 
because of this new COVID wave. Could you give us any color 
over there on how the customer response has been from this 
disruption? And more importantly, I know it’s crystal ball 
gazing to some extent, but any expectations that you might 
have on -- by when do you expect dine-in to kind of get back to 
normal? 
Rajeev Varman: 
So yeah, thank you, Avi. If you reflect on what’s just globally 
happening, there are markets now opening up, UK is one of 
those markets that substantially opened up. We are seeing here, 
for example, in Karnataka, just recently, they kind of opened up 
and removed the weekend curfews, those kind of hit very hard 
to the business when there’s a curfew on the weekend where 
we do a lot of business. So those are slowly kind of been taken 
off. 
Now, you’re absolutely right, we don’t have a crystal ball or we 
don’t claim to have any knowledge on how this is going to 
progress. But all that we’re seeing around is that, while we had 
a kind of a restriction here in January as Omicron kind of came 
and set in, it is kind of -- from whatever we are seeing in terms 
of the markets opening up, kind of going into the rearview 
mirror slightly, I would say that cautiously, because we have 
seen this go back and forth. And everyone on the call is aware 
of that. So -- but for us, we are looking forward to a very, very 
strong next year, because we have -- see the discipline is we 
have put the menu, the architecture, the business economics, 
and the way we have structured our restaurants in the last two 
years, well planned, ready for the next year. So, we dressed 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 29 
ourselves mentally and physically in our restaurants, with all 
those initiatives we have taken. 
Good example is this app. We launched our own app, while we 
were doing transactions on delivery through aggregators, doing 
a fantastic job with that. We were staying way above the 
average in the industry in terms of daily sales to aggregators. 
But we bought the discipline of coming up with this app, we 
have gained 41% quarter-over-quarter transactions on our app. 
This is a very strong tool, it’s going to help us understand our 
consumers better. It’s also going to give the last mile kind of an 
experience, a strong experience to our consumers. So, this is 
another tool that we’ve prepared going into next year. 
So, if you would look at the dress up, we have got cafe ready to 
rock and roll for next year. We have got an app that is very 
strong and gaining momentum. We have got an entry level 
menu Stunner, which we launched during COVID, which is 
gaining traction and gaining gates, you will see that this will be 
something that we will be mass advertising across the country. 
So, also in place. 
And then finally, we have the growth of our restaurants which 
continue in the direction we have not missed a beat after we 
came after the second wave. We haven’t missed a beat, we 
have put up our pipeline together, today we have 65 restaurants 
in our pipeline. We have eight or nine in construction as we 
speak. So, we are not skipping a beat. We have all planned, 
ready to rock and roll for next year. Feel very strongly about 
that here. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, if I understand correctly, you’re saying that as of now it 
seems the consumers are taking it in their stride and we should 
-- I mean given what we’ve done, it seems hopefully kind of if 
we say touchwood or fingers crossed, things to kind of fall in 
place for the next year, is that understanding, sir? I just want to 
clarify that. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah, Avi, as a company, what you do is you prepare yourself, 
right? You prepare yourself, if the business comes in next year, 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 29 
are you prepared for it? Are you prepared if there is going to be 
restrictions? And what I’m saying is this company has prepared 
itself, from all ends from technology, from the food side, the 
way we are constructing our restaurant, the way we are moving 
forward with our menu, we have prepared ourselves to actually 
go head on with the business next year. We expect and we feel 
strongly about next year. And we are prepared, we have put all 
our tools in together to move forward next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Mehta. I request you to join the queue for any 
follow ups. The next question is from the line of Akshen 
Thakkar from Fidelity International. Please go ahead. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had two questions. 
One was a housekeeping question and one was generally I 
would say a leading question. Housekeeping question, first. On 
the call, you mentioned that your margins across delivery and 
dine-in gross margins are same, just wanted to double click on 
that a little bit. So, if you have higher prices, and gross margins 
are same, does that mean that you are treating delivery charge 
net of from sales or as a part of call or do you have it as other 
expenses, if it is part of other expenses accounting would mean 
that gross margins on delivery are higher and at an EBITDA 
level, maybe you are similar. So, just question on that, I’ll wait 
for your answer and then ask my second question. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
So, Akshen, one is that yes, there is a price differential. There is 
also discounting that happens in order to be competitive on the 
platform. And hence, that’s offset that allows us to maintain or 
manage very similar margins between dine-in and delivery. To 
your question on the delivery charge for the costs that we incur. 
That is effectively kind of would sit part of other expenses line 
on our P&L are the costs that we incur to do that business, 
which is part of other expenses line. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Okay, sir. Is the understanding on this correct, the gross 
margins are similar for dine-in sorry for delivery that would 
mean that your EBITDA margins are lower today? 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 29 
Sumit Zaveri 
On the delivery side, yes, because there is a cost of incremental 
cost of doing that business. Yes, absolutely. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Okay. And when you compare, even you’ve mentioned that 
you started doing in-house and doing that e-bike when you 
compare cost of delivery for self fulfilled orders versus on 
platforms, is there a difference today, on the cost of orders? 
Sumit Zaveri: 
At the moment, actually, we just kind of starting to build that 
entire piece. And our intent is really speaking strategic in 
nature, when we are saying we want to do our delivery, 
delivery on our own. And if I was to kind on this market the 
entire piece, the first part and you know in one of the questions 
that I think Anish had asked, we want to effectively just kind of 
make sure that we understand our customers better, so that we 
can service them better. That’s the first part that we want to 
kind of work towards. 
The second part is experience that the customer gets when he 
gets the food at home, we want to make sure that that 
experience is kind of far more superior when the order gets 
delivered through our same platform. The third piece, and Raj 
was just talking about the technology investments that we’ve 
done. And today our technology investments are done not from 
the perspective of just delivering or servicing the customer 
purely from delivery perspective. But to engage with him on all 
different platforms or all different ways in which we service or 
connect with the customer be it delivery, be it dine-in, be it 
takeaway. 
So, it’s a completely different perspective with which we are 
just building this entire environment. Of that environment 
delivering or having a e-bike is one piece. At this point in time, 
we are higher in terms of cost, we would be higher than what 
we would incur with respect to aggregators, as far as we are 
concerned. But there also we’ve kind of very clearly laid out 
the path of how we would get in line with what we incur with 
respect to aggregators compared to what we incur with 
aggregators and we see as we get scale, we would effectively 
be able to kind of get in line with those costs as well. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 29 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Okay. Got it. The second question is a little more (inaudible) 
I’m just looking at Slide 11 in your slide deck. And I’m 
comparing margins from Q3 where your overheads simply have 
grown, more or less in line with sales. I’m talking about 
restaurant level overheads and the margin improvement 
essentially come from a little bit of gross margin improvement 
and corporate overhead improvements. And you are, let’s say, 
11.5%, 12% handle on corporate EBITDA, and you’re saying 
that to go to low teens wherever it lands up happening. The part 
to that in your view will be better absorption of corporate 
overheads or do you see that there is some scope of operating 
leverage on employee or, other expenses? Is that -- you’ve seen 
recovery, but overhead absorption I would part it as above sort 
of corporate EBITDA level would have been slightly better, but 
that seems to be growing in line. Now, it could be possible that 
in Q1 and Q2, maybe you had costs, which were lower, and as 
businesses come back you’ve ramped up those costs so maybe 
in future any difference? Just wanted to get your thoughts on 
this as we think about margin is your business, will it be, A, 
gross margin, B, corporate overhead, or will it be, C, the 
restaurant level overheads? Thank you. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Akshen, I’m just kind of answer that and then maybe Raj can 
add to that Akshen. So, very clearly, one is, gross margin. And 
we’ve been saying that we will work towards improving the 
gross margin, through various efforts growth in scale to kind of 
bringing new categories and cafe is a classic example of that, 
which we strongly believe should help in improving the gross 
margins from where we are today. So that’s the first part. 
So, second part and, initially, when we were talking about the 
recovery, we spoke about saying the way we expect the 
business to kind of move towards more timeliness recovery 
kind of we very clearly at the same time understand that the 
opportunity that we have with respect to the sales that we can 
achieve at the store level is not fully captured in as we still are 
getting out of COVID. 
So, effectively at the store level, we expect that as we continue 
to kind of improve our sales from the current levels, we will see 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 29 
the broader absorption of the costs, fixed costs at the store level 
as well, one of the key one would be on the rent side. And 
that’s something which we expect that should kind of also help 
improve. 
And then largely, there is -- we expect that the corporate costs 
in terms of growth will grow at a slower pace in terms of -- as 
compared to the larger growth in revenue that we will see. And, 
when we talk of larger revenue growth, it will be same store as 
well as new expansion. So, we do expect over a period of time 
effectively, even the corporate costs should start kind of broad 
basing from the current levels that we have. So, it’s very clearly 
defined into three buckets very clearly for us, gross margin 
improvement, broad basing of store level fixed cost largely on 
the rental side and the broad basing of the corporate costs on an 
overall business. So, that’s how we will look at it, it’s not going 
to be just one line. Sorry, Raj, can give you… 
Rajeev Varman: 
That’s a comprehensive answer. So, basically, I mean your 
rents, I mean, that’s a big chunk over there, right? If you look at 
that number over there, that’s a direct reflection of top line, 
right? So, as your top line grows, you move from, MG or 
minimum guarantee rents towards, percentage rents. So, as that 
change happens, as volumes increase, you will find that number 
shrink in the middle, the expense line. And the corporate 
overheads you can see between Q2 and Q3, you’ve seen a 
significant decrease in overall corporate overheads. And those, 
as the business grows, and that’s why we call this a scale 
business, scale cash business, because as that number of 
restaurants grow, the number of the sales grows through those 
restaurants, cafe sales gets added on and so forth. It does not 
add additional corporate level kind of expenses. So you will 
find that number kind of shrink as we continue to grow. 
So, that’s a direct, so both those lines are actually a direct 
reflection of the sales numbers on top both existing restaurant 
sales as well as new restaurants coming in and adding new 
sales. Thank you for your question. 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Okay. Thank you, guys. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 29 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik 
Rangnekar from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity, and congrats on a good 
quarter. I think in one of the earlier calls, you had mentioned 
that in the North region, some of the protests and all were 
having an impact on your revenues or your ability to capture 
sales. But if I look at the jump between the quarterly average 
and the December exit, I would have probably expected a bit 
more sharper jump in the North area. Any thoughts on why that 
region is lagging? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah, that’s a good question. The answer is no different than 
what we gave before. It is exactly the reason for it. We have 
significant of our portfolio in -- on Metro stations. And as you 
can look at the Metro, especially in the NCR area, it is still not 
back, right, it’s running a percentage of what it used to run pre-
COVID. So, that’s a significant impact, because those stores, 
we’ve, I think, between 18 to 20 stores in that market in that 
Metro market. 
Also, if you see that we have built basically have our portfolio 
up in the North. And many of these restaurants are in malls and 
the number of malls also in the North is higher than what we 
see in West or what we see in South. So, you will find that as 
the malls completely open up, whether it’s this policy of double 
vaccinated people going inside the mall, or today, the malls are 
open, you can go to the food court, you can buy the products, 
but you cannot sit there and eat, those things are still in place, 
right? They’re still in place in several markets. And as those 
things get removed, and we come back to normalcy as 
whatever the new normal is, then you will find that these will 
effectively click very quickly, very quickly you will find 
because it is the captive audience. Metro is the captive audience 
and so, are the malls. 
So, as soon as the restrictions are removed, you will see a very 
immediate action on the other side with sales increasing. And 
that’s just direct correlation for that. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 29 
Pratik Rangnekar: 
Got it, thanks. So, one question on the gross margin part, it’s 
very encouraging to see the continuous progress that we have 
made here. Any color that any more color that you can provide 
on how this has come across? Is there a pricing element here or 
maybe some breakup that you can provide between pricing and 
mixture? And also, if you could quantify, maybe broadly the 
impact of RM inflation that you’re facing this quarter? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah. So, the first question, I’ll just quantify saying that we’re 
supposed to add 66%, as we exited Q4 we have already done 
that. See, basically, if you look at gross margin, how do these 
gross margins improve as you grow? For example, I’ll just 
make this -- simplify this, it’s not as simple as it is, but I’ll 
simplify this. 
You have a restaurant that is potentially a remote restaurant in a 
city where you’re transferring your trucks for one restaurant. 
As you build two restaurants, the same truck is carrying food 
for two restaurants. When you go from two to five restaurants, 
the same trucks carrying food for five restaurants. So, your 
transportation cost, which is secondary transport potential costs 
would continue to go down. So, that has an impact on your total 
GP. 
Secondly, as you build significant amount of portfolio in a 
certain market, then you’re able to get local vendors, whether 
it’s vegetables or other products, you can get local vendors 
there. And that drives down even more the transportation costs 
as well as bringing in more vendors is always attractive in 
terms of total buying ability and the cost of buying. So, these 
things are cumulative. And we have a very strong supply chain 
department led by Sandeep Dey. And when we did this in 2014 
we’ve set this travel journey, we had spoken about getting to 
66%, we had spoken about going from 66% to 68%, none of 
that has changed. All the work behind that whether it’s in 
transportation, whether it’s in the way we get to different new 
vendors to come in or whether it’s basically engineering our 
products, whether it’s going down to ingredient levels, we even 
negotiate ingredients on behalf of our suppliers that process our 
food. 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 29 
We go and negotiate the ingredients, so the ingredients 
purchased by them goes cheaper and then that goes to gets 
transferred directly to us. So, it’s just hard work and it’s not 
something that we are all brilliant people here, we’re just hard-
working group of people that continuously work hard every day 
to continue driving this number below and Sandeep and his 
team do a great job doing that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pranav 
Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Hi, thanks a lot, sir. Just two questions, what are the long-term 
view on the royalties? I might have missed it in previous 
conversations that is one. And second is what is the KPIs -- top 
five KPIs and priorities for men? Thanks a lot. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Okay. So, royalties, we kind of have spoken about this several 
times, well, I’ll just kind of reiterate that. We started off in 
2014 paying 2.5% royalties on restaurant we opened that year, 
the following year, royalties went from 2.5% to 3%. And when 
I say we had 2.5% for the ones we opened in 2014, those were 
for 10 years, for 10 years they were maintained 2.5% and then 
they will go up to 5%. Those we opened the following year we 
had 3%. They stayed 3% for 10 years, and then go up to 5%. 
The royalties are capped at 5%, they’re capped at 5%. And they 
don’t go up from there. 
Our agreement, our master franchise agreement is until 2039. 
So, we have the luxury of a very good royalty rate. And that 
royalty rate is capped. So, that’s good news for everyone 
investing in this business, certainly very good news for all of us 
over here. 
Now the KPIs you’re talking about, the first KPI of this 
business is the most important KPI, that’s traffic. How many 
people come into your restaurant on a daily basis, how many 
people place an order, it’s -- we call traffic is the blood of this 
business. The blood is what dictates every other number that 
happens in this business. So, traffic will be one of the biggest 
and strongest KPI of this business. Sales, obviously, with our 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 26 of 29 
check, APC, simple definition of sales, as I tell, my team over 
here is, how many people come in and how much do they buy, 
that sales basically. So that’s a major KPI. 
Our gross margin we have spoken about in a big way, it’s a 
major KPI, a growth is a KPI for us, we want to make sure that 
we are continuing to grow. When we say sales, we not only 
take sales of existing restaurants and new restaurants, we also 
look at things like cafe coming in adding sales during breakfast 
day part, cafe coming in and adding sales between lunch and 
dinner. So, this is a very strong initiatives that we put in 
whether it’s Stunner Menu, whether it’s the King’s collection, 
whether it’s the cafe, whether it’s our app, all these are to drive 
sales. So that’s a major KPI. 
Growth is, obviously, I just spoke about it. And obviously our 
restaurant level EBITDA margin and our company level 
EBITDA margin. So, this is how we run our business. These 
are the boxes that we put on our chart if you come and see our 
MBOs, our management business objectives, all our people 
have these business objectives on their MBOs. Hope that 
answers. Thank you for your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time will 
be able to take one last question that is from the line of Shirish 
Pardeshi from Centrum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi, team. Good afternoon, thanks for the opportunity. Just two 
questions, the first question is on -- if you can spend a minute 
or two, how we should look at the BK Cafe business? So, 
maybe if you can share some commercials, this purely from the 
building our model perspective next two to three years, maybe 
if you can outline what is the number which you are looking? 
And quickly follow up on that, what is your experience I mean 
it’s too short, I mean, almost a month and half you would have 
spent time on building this business, but initial feedback on the 
customer traffic and things how it is moving? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah, I’ll turn it over to Kapil to give you what the customer 
reaction so far has been, it’s been very positive. But just on the 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 27 of 29 
guidance and numbers, I think Prashant said it on the onset, 
give us some time. We don’t want to be sharing half numbers, 
we want to understand it very well. When we say we have 18 
restaurants open, many of them are open only for a week 
maybe a little more than a week. So, we don’t want to at this 
point sit here and kind of share half numbers. So, please give us 
some time. We are extremely delighted with what has happened 
with this cafe business. We are extremely delighted with the 
products that we have put forth, our objective and subjective 
both quality and qualitative and quantitative research whatever 
we have done that Kapil will share his thoughts on that. 
But as is being overwhelmingly accepted as a very good roll 
out and we are extremely happy with it. That’s why we pulled 
it up. We are supposed to do this in this quarter in Q3. And we 
are not taking a pause, we are going forward and continuing to 
build these cafes. So, it can tell you how strongly we feel about 
it. Kapil, you want to add anything? 
Kapil Grover: 
Yeah, just to add to what Raj said, see, it’s about how we have 
laid the foundation of this business. And we continue to learn 
from all the experience that we are gaining from these cafes. 
First of all, good traction on the menu, we’re getting good 
feedback. As I said, in my slides, on beverages, both hot and 
cold, and also on the food. Now there is consumption of a lot of 
hot beverages in the North, because very cold there, a lot of 
cold beverage in the West, because of weather, there’s -- that 
mix will shift as the weather changes. So, as I said, we’ll keep 
learning from it. 
The food menu, good fashion, and we keep optimizing it, we 
keep adding new products, this is customer feedback, and you 
will see that menu evolve over a period of time. In the next 
quarter, we will definitely have more to share with you on this 
business. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Just last question on the Burger King Indonesia 
acquisition, somewhere I read we have done the acquisition of 
83%, while it also says that cash free and debt free basis at 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 28 of 29 
100% acquisition. Slightly confused, is it that 100% acquisition 
or if it is not, who owns the balance 17%? 
Prashant Desai: 
So, I’ll take that Suresh. Currently, as you know, and we had 
shared the details in the call when we declared the bid for the 
Indonesia business. The balance is owned by the original 
franchisee in Indonesia. It’s a retail group out of Indonesia, 
very large retail group called Mitra Adiperkasa Group. If you 
go back to those transcripts, you will realize that besides 
acquiring 83% of this business, one of the condition to bid for 
this business was to infuse $40 million into the Indonesia 
business. Because the Indonesia business is likely to grow from 
where they are today, which is about 176 restaurants to about 
350 over the next five years. 
So, if you look at that $183 million, that’s their enterprise 
value, post all the adjustment in terms of lease, lease liability, 
debt related normalize working capital, the equity value of this 
will come anywhere between 125 to 130. We are currently 
acquiring 83.5%, post the infusion of $40 million, the primary 
infusion into the Indonesia business for that expansion, we 
believe we will end up owning about 90% of the business in 
Indonesia and 10% will continue to be held by the partner 
which is Mitra Adiperkasa Group. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the paucity of time 
that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Okay, thank you. Thank you so much, again, really appreciate 
everyone joining the call, your enthusiasm with the questions, 
thank you for that as well. We’ve had a good quarter and we’re 
now sitting on it. As a team, we are continuing to trust the 
business, trust the tools of the business, continue to plan around 
the business, getting ready for next year. I think this acquisition 
of our business in Indonesia and continuing to grow that 
business over there, growing the business over here, building 

 
 
 
        Burger King India Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 29 of 29 
cafes here in India, building cafes in Indonesia will become 
part of what we will be doing going into next year. 
We feel strongly about next year, we fell that as things come 
back to normalcy that the economic model that we’ve put 
together in the last two years it’s becoming even stronger and 
we fell that this will be a driving force to what we’ll do in the 
next year. So, thank you again for joining the call, I really 
appreciate it. Please stay safe and have a good evening. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Edelweiss Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
