is relations 
February 03, 2022 
The Corporate Service 
Department 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Sirs, 
The Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
TD Power Systems Limited 
(CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071) 
REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY: 
27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area 
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk 
Bengaluru Rural District 
Bengaluru — 562 111 India 
Tel 
+91 80229 95700 / 6633 7700 
Fax 
+91 80 7734439 / 2299 5718 
Mail 
tdps@tdps.co.in 
www.tdps.co.in 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR - Transcript of Analyst & Investors call 
With respect to the above subject, please find attached transcript of Analyst & Investors conference call 
relating to un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2021 held on 
January 28, 2022. 
Please take the above on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For TD Power Systems Limited 
N. Srivatsa 
Company Secretary 
Encl: A/a 
 

  
TD Power systems Limited 
Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 28, 2022 
  
Moderator: 
Devrishi Singh: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TD Power Systems Limited 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be 
in listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal and 
operator pressing Star then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh 
of CDR India. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us on the Q3 and 9M 
FY22 earnings conference call of TD Power Systems Limited. We have with us Mr. 
Nikhil Kumar, Managing Director; Mrs. M. N Varalakshmi, Chief Financial Officer; and 
some of their colleagues in the management team on this call. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management following 
which we will have the forum open for an interactive Q&A session. Before we begin, 
| would 
like to mention that some of the statements made 
in today's call may be 
forward looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. Documents related 
to the company's financial performance have already been emailed to 
all of you 
earlier. 
| would now like to invite Mr. Nikhil Kumar to make his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you Nikhil. 
Good morning everybody. Thank you once again for joining us today on our earnings 
call. 
| trust all of you would have received the results and investor presentation. Now 
I'd like to discuss with you TDPS’. financial performance for the quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December 2021. 
Standalone: Our total income on a standalone basis for nine months was INR 5.13 
billion versus INR 3.37 billion for the same period in the previous year. Profit after tax 
and comprehensive income for nine months was INR 314 million versus the profit of 
INR 81 million for the same period in the previous year. 
Manufacturing revenues for nine months was INR 4.93 billion versus INR 3.24 billion. 
Exports and deemed exports contributed 51% 
of manufacturing revenues. 
Our 
manufacturing 
order 
book 
including 
our 
Turkey 
operations, 
stands 
at 
INR 10.01 
billion, out of which INR 3.46 billion 
in regular manufacturing business 
INR 6.39 billion 
- railways business and INR 0.16 billion 
is the Turkey business. 
Export and deemed exports excluding large traction order is about 55%. 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings Call 
Page 1 of 16

Order inflow: We are very happy to report a big increase in the nine months order 
inflow for TDPS India from INR 3.07 billion last year to INR 4.12 billion this year for 
nine months, an increase of 34%. Order inflow from exports and deemed exports is 
INR 2.42 billion about 60% of the total order inflow. Projects business revenue for 
nine months is INR 0.13 billion, which is INR 0.1 billion increase the same period in 
the previous year. The order book for the projects business stand at INR 0.16 billion. 
Consolidated: Our total income on a consol basis for nine months was INR 5.86 
billion versus INR 4.38 billion for the same period in the previous year. Profit after tax 
and comprehensive income for nine months was INR 378 million versus a profit of 
INR 295 million for the same period in the previous year. 
Profits 
have 
been 
impacted 
due 
to 
a 
foreign 
exchange 
translation 
loss 
of 
INR 6.93 crore which 
is notional loss from our foreign subsidiary, Turkey, due to a 
sharp depreciation of Turkish Lira to the Indian rupee from 8.84 Turkish Lira to Indian 
rupee at the beginning of the year to 5.51 Turkish Lira to Indian rupee at the end of 
this quarter, 
a drop of 38%. 
This 
is important to know that TDPS Turkey has an 
actual operational profit of INR 37.26 million. Our consol order book is INR 10.21 
billion. We continue to maintain a strong cash position of INR 2.13 billion. 
Now let's talk a little bit about the order book, market situation and guidance: 
The total order inflow up to end of Q3 was INR 412 crore versus INR 316 crore in the 
same period last year. Once again in the previous quarter, we have seen strong order 
inflows from all segments of our business. In particular, we have seen strong inflows 
from steam, gas engines and gas turbines. 
In the case of gas engines, we are also 
getting 
a good number 
of orders from 
our second 
major customer located 
in 
Germany. We’re also happy to report another order from solar gas turbines for two 
more machine for the mobile power units, the shale gas industry. 
In the case of hydro, we have finalized a number of large orders in the beginning of 
Q4 and these will help boost the number of our order book for Q4. Overall, the trend 
is positive and ensure that we will have a strong FY ‘23. 
In the case of new segments with very active inquiry pipeline of about INR 2.25 billion 
to synchronous motors, and about INR 0.5 billion for large induction motors. We hope 
to get a good share and we're very active in these segments. These orders will also 
boost the revenue for FY ‘23. 
Last quarter, we announced the order for the repair business in wind generators. We 
are pleased to report that we have successfully dispatched machine which has also 
been successfully commissioned. 
With this success, we are most certainly going to 
get a number of machines in this quarter and we are 
in active negotiations with a 
number of customers. We have successfully tested the traction motor for Indian 
railways. And we'll be calling for the customer final performance testing 
in March. 
Two projects two is on track. 
Market situation: Now let's talk a little bit about pricing and the effects of raw material 
prices on our cost gross contribution. The worst part of the impact of raw material 
prices was in Q3. From Q4, we will see better gross contribution with the new prices 
filtering in. In Q3, we had some very good orders in the aftermarket business which 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 2 of 16

Moderator: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
helped contain the impact to a large extent. The biggest negative impact that we have 
taken in Q3 from the Indian market customers. 
But as mentioned, we will see return 
to around 30% in Q4, and 31% to 32% by H1 next year. The market continues to be 
buoyant with the number of orders in the pipeline. The main focus of the management 
is to improve the gross contribution to 32% or better. 
More aftermarket business in 
wind and repair the existing fleet can increase the gross contribution better. 
All our export customers have given us price increases in fact to offer chances this 
year and the impact will be seen immediately. Other contracts are protected with 
price variation clauses and some of our customers have extended the relief beyond 
the contract since some raw material price increases are not being reflected in the 
indices that the PVC classes are based on. 
Guidance for this financial year: Manufacturing business, a top line guidance of 
INR 6.97 billion indicated in our previous call remains unchanged. However, we are 
happy to now improve our guidance for profitability with EBITDA margins ranging 
between 11.5% to 12%. And we're also happy to announce that we will be having a 
PBT on aconsol basis, including accepting income of minimum INR 720 million plus 
compared to INR 553 million last year, representing a growth of at least 30% in these 
difficult times. 
TDPS Turkey: Our top 
line would be around INR 0.8 billion. Total manufacturing top 
line between INR 7.7 billion to INR 7.8 billion. Projects business, we have a top line 
of INR 0.25 billion. All our subsidiary that will be profitable except the US subsidiary 
which will be breakeven on EBITDA basis. We're also giving our first draft guidance 
for next year. We'll have at least a 10% increase in the top line of TDPS India and 
improvement in the gross contribution to 31% to 32% as mentioned earlier. 
This brings me to the end of my initial remarks. 
I'll now be happy to address any 
questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on your touch 
tone telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. 
Participants are requested to use handset while asking 
a question. Anyone who 
would 
like to ask a question please press star and one at this time. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question 
is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 capitals. Please 
go ahead. 
Yes, the first thing was on this Turkey business. The loss what we have taken, the 
translation loss, 
in one of the older calls, we had stated that we have not brought 
back the money from Turkey. So, this translation loss is on our cash what we were 
holding in that country, or it is on the P&L side, the translation loss you're telling? Just 
can you elaborate on that part and how much would be on the cash which we were 
having a debt subsidiary how much has been the translation loss and what is the 
value of that cash currently? 
Actually, the translation 
loss 
is 
on the current assets 
of the company and 
this 
translation 
loss 
is because we converted from Turkish 
Lira to Indian rupee, 
but 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 3 of 16

tdps 
actually all our contracts are in euros. So, when we bring back the money to be in 
euros and this loss will be wiped off. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And one thing on the order book, when we see the current order book of this year for 
Nikhil Kumar: 
FY‘21 Okay. So, consol is INR 1,020 crore versus December 20 was INR 1,067 crore. 
So, there has been decrease 
in domestic railways which 
is okay but we are not 
seeing significant increase in the order book as of now versus last year. The biggest 
jump is in the domestic from INR 93 crore to INR 150 crore. So, can you elaborate 
on what gives us confidence on the growth what we are having because the order 
book currently is not showing that remarkable improvement. So, some idea about the 
Indian orderbook. 
The Indian railways business will be decreasing every year by about Rs.100 crore. 
If 
we basically look at order book will decrease because we are executing every year. 
So, from the railway business we will have a decreasing order book because it's a 
fixed contract for eight years. And so, the other part of our business to manufacture 
the generator business that we are seeing an increase in the order book as already 
mentioned of about 35%. So, there is an increase in the overall executable orders in 
the generator business. As far as the railway business is concerned, we will do what 
we're supposed to do every year we're supposed to do INR 120 crore and we will do 
INR 120 crore from that. And that will keep decreasing, that will keep decreasing 
every year until we add a new customer which we are in the process of adding Indian 
railways as a new customer. So, until we add this new customer that 
large order will 
keep reducing in value year on year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And one more thing in the order book the exports and the deemed exports remained 
Nikhil Kumar: 
flattish. So, even Turkey has come down from INR 76 crore last year to INR 15 crore. 
So, can you elaborate on outside India, what is happening and how are you looking 
at the order book in outside India? Yes, domestic has done pretty well but exports, 
how should we look at and Turkey, these two entities for FY’23. 
Exports have been flat, big increase is taking place in the domestic market. That’s 
correct. Turkey as we as we told in the last call, there is a big decrease in the Turkish 
business, and we don't expect the Turkish business to contribute significantly 
in 
FY’23. So, we had about INR 80 crore, we have INR 80 crore this year. Next year it 
could be as low as INR 25 crore. So, we don't expect a big change 
in the Turkish 
because we don't because there's a big problem in the Turkish market due to the 
devaluation the Turkish Lira. Most of the power plants and projects that come up in 
Turkey are with Euro funding or with dollar funding and with the sharp depreciation 
in Turkish Lira to the extent of almost 40% 
it is very hard for borrowers to secure 
funding with the extent of depreciation which has taken place and then therefore, that 
impacting the project in the Turkish market. So, until we see some stability 
in the 
exchange rate or improvement in exchange rate and some stability in the Turkish 
market, we expect the business to be quite subdued. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay, and one small question last and 
| will join back in the queue. With the significant 
depreciation 
in Lira of Turkey, how competitive is 
it for manufacturing base versus 
India currently now? Because from India, we were exporting to European Turkey was 
basically manufacturing was for Turkey only but with the significant reduction, do you 
think it becomes more interesting? 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 4 of 16

tdps 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Moderator: 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. It's also we also have 20% inflation. So, you're increase in costs, are going up 
20% per year. It's not possible it compensates the drop in the exchange rate. 
Okay, okay. So, that facility will have to be used only for Turkey and whenever they 
revival in Turkey happens, then that facility becomes the source of growth for us, so 
that we need to under stress. Okay, okay. Thank you from my side. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SIMPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Yes. Two-three questions. If we look at it in the commentary, you mentioned that this 
quarter, our gross profit margin was around 30% versus Q2 and some of the repair 
business supported us in terms of having a better gross margin. And in the last call, 
you had mentioned that once this build has been ordered, repaired, we are able to 
deliver, then a large part of our market will get open which we were not playing earlier. 
So, 
if we add the orders which probably when can provide with the price increases 
and all 
if we say 31% 32% gross margin, 
it looks a bit weaker. So, do you think that 
the cost inflation could sustain at a lot higher rate then what price increases we have, 
we can that’s why the mix of it, we'll keep 
it at 31% 32% or how the price increase 
versus the commodity and better margin order mix is playing out for probably us next 
year this is this quarter is. 
So, I've given 
it a tentative guidance. 
It could be viewed as being very conservative. 
And 
I'll be happy to improve this guidance in the upcoming calls as and when we see 
there's a better visibility of the business. But yes, you're right, there is a lot of scope 
for improvement. And we are aware of that, and we are working towards not just 
limiting 
the 
gross 
contribution 
towards 
31% 
32% 
but 
we're 
working 
towards 
increasing 
it and hoping 
it to be better than that. And 
I'll be happy to report better 
numbers in the quarters to come but at the moment we are placing the number a 
little 
bit conservatively. 
Secondly sir even last quarter and even if we look at our presentation order breakup, 
the export market still seems to be bit weak and even in Q2, you mentioned that a lot 
of growth is coming from domestic and export. How is the enquiry pipeline shaping 
up in export market? 
Actually, export market is it's quite good. We have a 
lot of good orders coming in from 
Q4 in the export business. You know, the month of December tends 
to be very quiet 
for the export markets due to Christmas New Year and everything. So, we do see 
some slack in the export order booking in Q3. It's happened every year. But 
it can't 
reveal we have good number of orders which were picked up in Q4 and we will show 
a growth in export business by the end of the year. So that's for sure. 
Okay, and last question sir in terms of the new initiatives like the traction motor and 
wind turbine repairs, or how's the business shaping up there? You mentioned that 
the order pipeline is pretty good but in terms of references and everything, 
if you can 
just share how you how do you see the business shaping up? 
I've mentioned that in the commentary a 
little bit, I've mentioned that we have-- we 
are even number of active negotiations with a number of customers who own these 
old wind generators. So, it's going well, we will pick up some orders for sure in the 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 5 of 16

Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
next couple of weeks. And for the synchronous motor business, we have a very active 
inquiry pipelines under negotiation of about INR 225 crore. We are actively involved 
in multiple negotiations with multiple customers. So, we will get some success in this 
area too. And in addition to that, about INR 50 crore of business, in the large induction 
motors. Once again, inquiries are very active. And we will get a portion of that also. 
Now, how much exactly we're going to get, I'm not going to be able to we should get 
a good share is all 
| can say and we are very active and quite aggressive to pick up 
the orders. 
And any pricing competition? So, how is the competition behaving in terms of price 
going there. 
Pricing competition is there but we are also you know, in the segments where there 
is a certain value given for the technology and for the technical ability of the player. 
So, we don't have a situation where there are 20 players or 12-15 players 
in the 
market. There could be two, three 
in every sector that they are working on. So, 
competition to that extent is limited. 
Thank you. Anyone who would like to ask a question, you may press star and one. 
The next question 
is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
| wanted to understand one thing that, you know, we have guided for 10% growth on 
standalone and at the same time, we have, you know, significant inquiry pipeline on 
new initiatives aftermarket also will kick in, hydro also from your opening remarks 
seems to be coming back. So, is this all factored in your guidance? 
As 
| said, I've given initial guidance. It’s little bit, there are a lot of things in the pipeline, 
there are a 
lot of initiatives that we have started, we are actively involved with number 
of opportunities and we're not targeting this 10% increase in our top line for next year. 
That we are saying that as of today, that's the minimum increase that we're going to 
have compared to the previous year. We click one or two big orders, we clicked 
something 
it could be happy to report the huge increases. Potential is there, it's very, 
very there, it's very much there but it's not yet on hand. And the moment they knitted 
on hand I'll be the first person to report it to the market. I'm very happy to do that also. 
What we are projecting right now is what we see as a very clear visibility of our as of 
today of our business for next year. But as you mentioned and as others also have 
mentioned, there is a scope for a much wider and much better growth potential. 
Second question is slightly, you know, slightly more at the industry level, as we look 
at the way the power crisis is going on there and, you know, even most, you know, 
hard and proponent of UFC, which of Europe is now turning to convention fewer. So, 
in that context, how do you see that helping us you know, is this something like that 
happening in India? Or do you see more demand for a larger unit or because of those 
changes? Any thoughts on that? 
So, Vinay my question was that 
in Europe because 
of the power crisis that 
is 
happening there. They are turning back to conventional fuels and, you know, 
is 
something like that happening you know is 
it having the rub off effects in India, here 
coal prices are moving 
up. So, are people thinking more about larger you know 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 6 
of 16

tdps 
Vinay Hegde: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
thermal capacity more conventional power more capital of larger capacity or is that 
something that kind of dynamic shaping up in India? 
No, actually, you know, as far as you know, our Knowledge is concerned, nobody's 
looking at some large conventional power plants but many of them are shifting into 
biomass, garbage burning and gas in business. So, that is getting reflected in a big 
way in Europe also and even 
in Russia, we are getting a lot of orders for the gas 
engine which 
is not conventional. According 
to our information, more and more 
people are going away from the conventional power plants, what 
| mean 
is coal- 
based power plants. 
Sir, my last question 
is on the you know, the new initiative. So, 
| think, Nikhil, you 
talked about the synchronous motor this induction motor large induction motor think 
if you can give us some Sense on you know, what is the market and market how large 
that is? Who are the players basically the dynamics of that industry and market that 
would be helpful? 
Yes, we are basically in the induction motor business, we are looking at the sizes 
around three to larger than three to four megawatts. We're not competing in desires 
slices below three to four megawatts. So, in these larger sizes, that our applications 
are of course, industrial uses large and large pumping stations and for irrigation 
projects and competition 
is again 
limited 
to three four major players 
like BHEL 
definitely they're competitors in this market. The market that we are going after the 
size 
could 
be 
around 
INR 
200 
crore 
of 
the 
induction 
motor 
business 
and 
approximately the same for the synchronous motor business. So together, you can 
say, we are addressing a market of about INR 400 crore. 
Okay. And in both these businesses, currently, we will only tap the domestic market, 
right 
| mean, international market is not on the radar. 
At the moment we are targeting the domestic market but we have also started quoting 
for a few jobs 
in few jobs selectively 
in the international market. Let's see how 
it 
shapes up. 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, 
in order to ensure that the management will be 
able to address questions from all participants, we would request you to limit your 
question to two at a time. Should you have a follow up question, please rejoin the 
queue. Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Good morning and my question Nikhil, basically is on the new initiatives and so apart 
from the ones which we have mentioned, like induction motors, synchronous motors, 
batteries supply and the refurbishment of wind generators, any other new or any 
other new initiative that we are looking to launch in the next year or in FY ‘22? 
Yes, there are a couple of more. We're working on a few more, but we 
| don't want 
to announce 
it until we get our first order. That being said, there are two more major 
initiatives that we are working on. And we are bidding for in the market with this with 
the products and let's see that we should get some success in the next couple of 
months and we should be able to announce 
it soon after we do that. But there are 
two other major initiatives. 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 7 of 16

tdps 
Ankit Gupta: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Okay, and approximately, how big can this initiative be if you can throw some light? 
All this information will come later please. 
Sure 
sir. And on the margin can mature on the kind 
of new products that we're 
launching and refurbishment of the consol the contribution will be low, but 
it does 
mean that you know the competition and the space regulatory index and the demand 
also regarding some of our major segment that we cater to, 
is structurally over the 
next two three years 
if the demand remains strong and we get traction 
in the new 
initiatives, our gross margins can move to grow 34% 35% in two-three years. 
That is definitely the goal of management. That is one of our major goals to improve 
the product mix, and to improve the pricing, let's pivot the mix going after certain 
segments where the technology is better, prices are better. And aftermarket business 
all put together, the goal of the management is to bring to 35% of the next few years. 
It’s not just the top-line oriented goals that we have but we're also focusing a lot on 
how to improve the gross contribution. 
And last question on the steam side, on domestic steam side, 
| think if 
| remember 
correctly, during the 
last cycle, 
for steam forecasting market, the market size 
is 
around only INR 450 crore given what is happening currently on the power side and 
you know, the inquiry pipeline, we have do you think we can surpass that earlier or 
it's still too far at this point of time. 
Yes, see basically as we told in the last call also there is huge demand for the steam 
turbine generators, especially for the Indian market. And it all mainly it is coming from 
the distillery and waste disposal plant and garbage burning plants. And you know, 
these are all small in the range nowadays, and 
it is not 40-50 megawatt and we have 
close to 95% market share and definitely we have a plan to reach INR 250 crore on 
the steam turbine generator business alone. So, that is the market for another maybe 
close to 75 to 100 machines, which are below two megawatt mainly low voltage 
where we are not there. So, that we have not considered. 
But leading the revival will happen across other industries as well for putting up more 
capital power plant given how currency depreciation was on the power side and which 
might actually get worse over the next year or so. 
Yes, there are 
a 
lot of, you know, Greenfield projects are coming along with the 
Brownfield projects. So, a lot of expansions are also taking place 
in the steel and 
cement industries. So, there is a good demand. 
So we are seeing the domestic market is very active and very vibrant. There is a lot 
of momentum in India and this is going to continue, this traction is going to continue. 
Market is in expansion mode right now. 
The next question is from the line of Shivan Sarvaiya from JHP securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Good 
afternoon, 
sir. 
A couple 
of questions. 
So, 
while answering 
the previous 
participant, you said that there is a potential is very high for good inflows coming in, 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 8 of 16

tdps 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Shivan Sarvaiya: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Rahul Jain: 
but these are not in hand currently and hence the conservative stance. So, sir is 
it 
that there are certain risks that you foresee that would result 
in these orders not 
coming our way and hence the conservative stance? 
No, that's not the way to look at it, you Know, we are to show this 10% growth, right. 
So, 
if we are going to do it, 80%, they will do the, say INR 700 crore this year, we're 
saying that we will do, let's say INR 775, minimum next year. We are factoring 
in 
some amount of business which is going to come from the new segments and growth 
from the existing segments. That's already been factored in. Now, beyond beyond 
the INR 775 crore, we're talking about INR 800 plus INR 850 crore, which we are 
certainly targeting from the management point of view, we need to pick up some 
more, we had more success in some of the things that we're doing. And that is the 
on top of INR 775 crore, you know, on top so that's what we have not yet got a clear 
visibility, but the moment we do because we're actually building a number of projects 
which could result in this kind of number. So, that's pretty good situation. It's not like 
we had not factored in some business from the factors, we have and that's how we 
come to INR 775 crore. 
Okay. And in terms of the capabilities to get into these newer segments, we currently 
possess them. 
Yes, of course, we have the capability of making all these products and customers, 
you know, the thing is that we are going after the domestic market. So, sectors are 
once against steel, cement, sugar, food, chemical fertilizer, all these customers most 
of them, 
all of them, 
| would say already have TDPS generator, size could be five 
megawatt could be when 30 megawatt 40 megawatts. So, it's a situation where the 
entire, let's say entire steel plant or the entire cement plant is running on the power 
of our generator. And now, this power which has been produced, our generator has 
to be used to drive some motors. And we say, okay, we want to make the motors 
also Know, people know that we can do 
it. Customers are, you know, technical 
people, they understand these things. So, we don't see any obstacles from that point 
of view, there 
is a market and we're going after it. And we have a reputation in the 
market for producing large electrical machines and people understand that. 
Correct, sir. Got it. Got it. And sir the next question was from a generator business 
perspective, could you just make us understand the addressable market size in India 
and the addressable market size that we could cater to from an export perspective? 
Yes, that's 
a different question. 
It's a 
bit complicated. There are different sectors 
different, different. You know. So, 
| think that's beyond the scope of an earnings call. 
We can talk about that separately. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir just one question with regards to the new initiatives. You had mentioned 
in the 
previous call about 10 megawatt or 15 megawatt generators being supplied for gas 
turbines for the US shale gas free market. So, given the oil prices, the way they are 
moved 
up 
in the 
last one quarter, do we see now increased 
pipeline and the 
exploration in the kind of you know, momentum in terms of the way customers are 
approaching us? 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 9 of 16

tdps 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Faisal Hawa: 
We have got a total of 14 machines right now for the shale gas business. So, 14 
machines of 15-megawatt size, 
it's a big, 
it's a big chunk of business. We have a 
meeting with their top management in the next couple of weeks and we get a good 
forecast of what the business situation is like, especially because of the CapEx revival 
in the 
oil industry also. 
| can't give you 
a clear answer right now. Probably next 
earnings call we will be able to give you a better perspective. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from iThought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Hi, Nikhil, good afternoon. Good number, Nikhil just wanted to understand on this 
base to energy in India, anything that you see any movement that is happening, it's 
been February but that will be during but just wanted to get a sense from you how 
you're thinking about that space, 
is there something that 
it's not next year, 
but 
probably the next couple of years, something's going to happen the moment so, that 
was my first question. 
Yes. So basically, 
it is happening. And really, you know, 
it's mainly coming 
in the 
capital. and yearly there are 8-10 projects are coming, but it is not going in the same 
speed as other projects. 
It is slow, but there's a huge potential, you can say every 
district can produce a five megawatt minimum. So, there are project coming people 
are investing but 
it is not going so fast. So, there 
is huge potential in this segment 
and 
it is going to continue for next at least five to ten years. There are a number of 
projects are commissioned and running successfully in Telangana, Hyderabad, even 
Bangalore, in Noida, and Lucknow. So, there are projects coming everywhere. 
Okay, got it. And Nikhil also, 
| mean, last year, 
| think we are working in order from 
the Navy for INR 20 odd crore, just wanted to understand 
is your inventory at that 
point of time, that's a repeat order, and probably the size may also increase. So, 
anything you'd like to share anything happening on that regard? 
There are some models under negotiation, but nothing has come for announcement 
right now. There are some jobs in the negotiation with the Navy. Let's see it's a little 
bit slow and 
it takes a little bit of time for them to finalize but there are some active 
inquires. 
Maybe last question in terms of slightly longer term and you see, given whatever you 
mentioned, in terms of warranty, both here in domestic markets and export markets, 
probably to some capacity in the next maybe 12 odd months or so? 
We are going to increase the capacity utilization in Bangalore and we will continue to 
try to add incremental capacity with the existing plants. We're not thinking of a new 
plant at this point of time. Let's see next year or understand if we need to do that. But 
at the moment, we're not thinking of a new plant. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G. Hawa and 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Sir, how do you see orders coming up from the wind energy segment? Because there 
are a lot of wind energy information which are now needing refurbishment also. And 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 10 of 16

tdps 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Faisal Hawa: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Faisal Hawa: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Faisal Hawa: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay Hedge: 
Faisal Hawa: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Moderator: 
overall, with the whole switch to renewables, you see a whole lot of new order coming 
up? 
Yes, there are a few big windmills in India. TDPS is not a major player in the wind 
business. We are we're still in the process of trying to acquire one or two customers 
which will take more time but wind business will also tend to be fairly risky business 
in terms of big swings up and down. So, at the moment, 
it really good in India, 
it also 
has a good potential. We're not 
in 
a position to report something exciting 
in this 
industry in this sector, although it's a big sector. But there is a there is a big market 
for India. 
And there is a tailwind also. 
We don't have the competitive products sometimes or we're not willing to take on 
some of the risks involved with the contracts. That's the reason why we don't we not 
been successful in this business. 
And to add 
it to this, you know, the turbine manufacturers like Wescam or Siemens 
Gamesa they make their own generators. 
Yes. And 
in the past, we had a number of wind customer would have all gone by 
rather than to admit. 
So, 
| made 
| read the last one was the other gentleman made. 
What 
| was saying Wescam and Siemens Gamesa 
have 
their own generator 
manufacturing capability. 
Okay, completely we can tie up only to people Suslon who do not have their own? 
Suslon also makes their own. 
They make their own. 
Okay, so the market, that market is a 
little difficult to penetrate. 
No, there 
are many incoming now 
like Adani wants 
to come 
so there 
will 
be 
opportunities but as Nikhil said, we are not really very aggressive because small 
machines and we had 
not 
a good experience 
in the past or none 
of our wind 
customers. 
Every single one customer that TPS has had 
in the past 10 years has become 
bankrupt. So, it's not a winner, it’s not been a very successful line of business for us. 
We have a wind customer in Germany where we started supplying last year. So that 
one 
or two, we choose the customers because we don't go behind everybody 
because there's a huge risk. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adit Shah from Vibrant Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 11 of 16

tdps 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
Adit Shah: 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
Adit Shah: 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
Adit Shah: 
M.N. Varalakshmi: 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Nikhil 
| have three questions. One 
is was there some postponement of deliveries 
given that we were saying there will be INR 200 crore of quarterly revenue for the 
next quarter three and quarter four? So, that is the first question. Number two is on 
other expense, 
| see that your other expense 
is 
| think INR 
11 
crore 
if 
| ignore 
employees, and historically that's been around INR 14-15 crore. So, any one-off item 
there? Because that has helped the margins. And the third question 
| had 
is on the 
competition in general, given that Crompton has been acquired by the middle group 
and obviously we have turned 
it around really well. Is there any other products which 
overlap with them and where there is a collateral competition because of because of 
that? These are the three questions. 
So, there is no personal deliveries, we are still on track with our guidance what we 
have told you in the quarter-on-quarter 
there could be some spill over from one to the 
next but overall we are giving the guidance with respect to our yearly numbers. So, 
Varalakshmi can you answer the INR 11 crore other expense questions. 
This is Very much in line with what we have budgeted. So, INR 11 crore to INR 12 
crore will be the other revenue expenses. 
Okay, ma'am, all the previous four quarters INR 16 crore to INR14 crore has been 
close. 
Some quarter there could be a little fight 
if they have some auto freight extra or 
something. But otherwise, it's very much in line with our target. 
Okay. And it's fair to assume that this entire employee costs and other expenses and 
benefits will grow at a low single digit 
is that fair assumption? Because given that 
there is so much of demand out there are we seeing communication and in general 
inflation of other cost items? How do you see that? 
There will be a 5% to 6% increase in the cost which will be the inflationary cost. That's 
what it is. 
And will that add to any material is given in one cost overall? 
Yes employee cost so, we are not having too much here we have done a lot of 
automations and things like that. So, we are not having too much of employees also. 
So, 5% to 7% inflationary cost is what we have. 
Okay. Thank you so much. Third question was on competition, particularly from 
Crompton Greaves 
Crompton Greaves, we see them sometimes on the smaller machines on hydro. We 
don't see them on the steam turbine side. We will see them on the larger industrial 
induction motors and we will also compete and they're 
a big player in the Indian 
railways business. 
Okay. So, yes, so small hydro induction motors and Indian railways here are three 
areas where there is an overlap, is it correct? 
Yes. 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 12 of 16

tdps 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Alisha Mahawila: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Okay. And given what we have been saying about our ambitions in these areas, this 
is factoring in the fact that CG is now run by a new promoter and then well versus the 
past. 
| don't understand the question. 
| mean, we have respected them in the past for their 
product quality and everything and we respect them now and they're a good company 
and we have to compete against them. 
Okay, okay. And if | can just squeeze in one more question, please. This nine month 
you said the order inputs INR 412 crore is 
it correct? 
Yes. 
Okay. So, this means for this quarter, 
it is around INR 120 crore. 
Yes. 
Okay. So may 
| Know, were there any issues with the closing of orders given that we 
were doing INR 150 crore to INR 160 crore of bookings we every quarter, 
if 
| want to 
understand that? 
The export tends to be a little bit slow in in December as mentioned earlier. So that's 
the only reason why Q3 tend to be a little bit lower. We have a strong order inflow in 
January already. And we will deliver the numbers what we are projected. 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants 
if you wish to ask a question, please 
press star and one. The next question 
is from the 
line 
of Alisha Mahawla from 
Envision capital. Please go ahead. 
Sir, just wanted an update on the other Indian railway project that we were bidding 
for, for which 
| think we've done some tests applies that they were going to test in the 
locomotives. Is there an update on that? 
The update is that we have recalling because Indian railways for inspection sometime 
in March and we will offer two motors to them and after that, we will dispatch it. Then 
they have to monitor it on a locomotive and then there'll be six months testing after 
that we get if everything goes well we get to be an approved supplier. 
Okay. So, maybe the outcome of this will probably be in H2 of next year or maybe 
early ‘24 depending on the delays etc. 
By Q3 next year which will next financial year we should get the approval. 
Okay, sure. And sir just also wanted to understand the order book that we have right 
now, this is an indicative timeline by when this has to be executable? 
Except for the traction order which 
is long term contracts. 
All our orders will be 
executed within 12 to 14 months. 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 13 of 16

tdps 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Okay and sir, for repairs heavy for this is primarily for the steam generators 
| believe 
that you were talking about last quarter, have we started this repair replacement 
business or is this something that will commence from say next quarter next year? 
Number of repairs of our existing fleet is an ongoing business which is obviously we 
can repair our own generators. This has been going on for you know and 
| have been 
seeing an increasing trend of business because we have 
a large fleet which is also 
aging. And every year more and more machines come up for replacement and 
refurbishment. So, this will continuously be increasing business for us. The wind 
repair business as mentioned, we have delivered one and we're in negotiations for a 
number of new orders. 
Sure and just one last question, you know all the new initiatives that we've spoken 
about whether it is with respect to wind or synchronize motor or the induction motor, 
most of which are like 
| said the pipeline is looking strong 
if we do manage to some 
of it in Q4 or early ‘23 supplies in one or two quarters or then like what is the lead 
time? 
Yes, 
it will be six to eight months delivery time. 
From the time we get it six to eight months of delivery. 
Yes. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the 
line 
of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Good afternoon again and for the opportunity, thanks. My question was as we are 
diversifying into different segments and more products, do we think we need to do 
some incremental CapEx in FY’23 or something? And earlier we had mentioned that 
till our facility for INR 1000 crore 
is feasible. So, we stand by that the thing? And 
secondly, on employee, do we need to increase our employees? Or do you think, 
again, the guidance remains the same what was historical that INR 2000 crore, we 
are fully geared up with the existing facility and the employee base and everything? 
CapEx is the between INR 20 crore to INR 25 crore per year, this will be upgradation 
of our facilities, debottlenecking trying to improve the capacity, utilization, trying to 
improve the capacity incrementally, 
all those automations, the combination 
of all 
these things. And yes, we stand by the earlier guidance that we have INR 1000 crore, 
I'm not adding any major CapEx or major employee costs. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay, sir whatever incremental gross margin is coming, that's why we are coming to 
Nikhil Kumar: 
the higher EBITDA amount in which we think 
| 13% or 13.5% what we stated in the 
initial comments. 
No, 
| didn't, EBITDA was 11.5% to 12% for this financial year. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: No for the next year FY’23 what we were. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes exactly FY‘23 will be better. 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 14 of 16

tdps 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Okay. And see the new businesses what we are are coming with the traction motor 
and all those. So, will 
it be that at some stage once we cross an X amount we need 
to have a dedicated line for that type of business? 
We had we already have. 
Okay. So, there is a dedicated set up already so, that's why the CapEx is not required 
and this INR 20 crore to INR 25 crore 
is every year you are expecting or 
it 
is for 
FY’23? 
Every year. 
Okay, okay. So, from here on CapEx will be higher than depreciation in the next few 
years. 
Yes, approximately INR 
1 crore to INR 2 crore is not material. 
Okay, and any inorganic opportunities in the business because today we are seeing 
that we are more diversifying into other sectors. Is there some inorganic opportunities 
which you visualize for yourself and not just in India, but let's say outside India also? 
No. 
Or you think you may not. 
No. 
Any specific reason why everything you want to do organic? 
| think that is beyond the scope of the earnings calls conversation. We can discuss 
it 
offline. 
Thank you. We'll take one last question which 
is from the line of Ankit Gupta from 
Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the follow up. Nikhil, 
in your initial commentary, you talked about good 
traction on the gas side, 
if you can tell us how's the progress on, you know, another 
demand from both our customers, especially the new customers that you have? 
| didn't get what is that traction and? 
What is the traction or the business development progress on the gas engine side. 
Gas engine, you have to measure customer. And you know, there is a lot of curiosity, 
a lot of questions coming on the new business line. See, today, literally, we are in 
every electrical rotating vertical. So, 
in our business, when you start, you know, 
making 
a new product 
in 
a market, 
offering the product 
in the market, 
it takes 
anywhere between one to two years. So, these two customers, one 
is our major 
customer who is in Austria and we are expecting an increase in the business in the 
range of around 20% to 25%. And one more major customer with whom we started 
the relationship last year, we are going to get a significant amount of business and 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 15 of 16

Ankit Gupta: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Vinay Hegde: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
there is a big potential to grow. So, these things take time but in this, two customers 
we have already established, but when you know talking to the new products, even 
though Nikhil told that every industry in India has our generator, but still can go with 
the new product, then then there are some EPCs there's some approvals, factory 
audit and all those things. So, we have done with many of those things. And now, 
really in the market. 
Given the traction that you are seeing with the large customers on their side, and 
hopefully the new person also will see ramping up next year. Can we expect this 
business to touch you know, INR 170 crore to INR 180 crore in FY’23? 
INR 180 crore? 
INR 170 crore INR 180 crore combined for more data? 
Yes, 
it should be 
in that range. Already with one customer we are 
in the range of 
around INR 120 crore. Next year we should be in that range. 
So, and last question on the hydro side Nikhil hydro in FY ’20 had reached around 
INR 160- 165 crore of revenue contribution from hydro side in a FY ’21 when we want 
to really do. So given the inquiry pipeline and orders in hand, do you think hydro can 
come back to you know INR 
1 crore plus kind of revenue for FY‘23? 
We will not give a definite number on each segment like that. It's a 
little bit too early, 
hydro will definitely be above INR 120 crore to what extent we can't say right now but 
definitely more than INR 120 crore. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
| now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you, everyone for this earnings call. Thank you for joining our earnings call. 
If 
you have further questions, please feel free to get in touch with our Investor Relations 
team. We look forward to interacting with all of you once again at the end of the next 
quarter. Thank you. 
Thank you. On behalf of TD Power Systems limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your line. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
  
Transcript of TDPS Q3 FY22 Earnings call 
Page 16 of 16
