 
 
 
 
bZesy/e-mail: company.secretary@eil.co.in,nwjHkk’k /Phone: 011-26762855/2580 
कंपनी सिचवालय/ COMPANY SECRETARIAT 
 
 
सं.सिचव/No. Secy/906/9/10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       17.02.2022 
 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 023 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code-532178 
Symbol-ENGINERSIN 
 
 
िवषय/Sub: 
Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 - Update on meeting with Analyst/Institutional Investors 
 
िप्रय महोदय/महोदया, 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is further to our letter dated 11th February, 2022 intimating the Exchanges regarding Schedule 
of Earning Call Post declaration of third quarter and nine months Financial Results ended on 
31.12.2021 for the Financial Year 2021-22 held on 14th February, 2022, in terms of Regulation 30 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. 
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earning Conference Call held on 14th 
February, 2022 with several funds/individual investors.  
 
कृÜया उपरोक्त आपकी जानकारी एवं िरकोडर् के िलए है। 
The above is for your kind information & records please.  
 
 
 
धÛयवाद/Thanking you, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
Encl: As above /संलग् नक: यथोक् त  
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Engineers India Limited 
Q3 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: MR. KUNAL SHETH FROM BATLIVALA & KARANI SECURITIES 
INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: MS. VARTIKA SHUKLA, CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND ADDITIONAL CHARGE DIRECTOR FINANCE - ENGINEERS 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUVENDU PADHI, COMPANY SECRETARY - ENGINEERS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. R.P. BATRA, GROUP GENERAL MANAGER, F&A AND IR - ENGINEERS 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VINAY KALIA, CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER, BD AND IR - ENGINEERS 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Engineers India Limited, hosted by Batlivala &Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal for an 
operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note, that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr.Kunal Sheth from Batlivala &Karani 
Securities India Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kunal Sheth: 
Yes. Hi, thank you, Zaid. I would like to welcome the management of 
Engineers India Limited on the call and would like to thank them for giving us 
this opportunity. From the management, today we have Ms. Vartika Shukla, 
Chairman and Managing Director and additional Charge Director Finance; 
Mr. Suvendu Padhi,Company Secretary; Mr. R.P. Batra, Group General 
Manager, F&A and IR; and Mr. Vinay Kalia, Chief General Manager, M&BD 
and IR. 
Ma'am, I request you to give us some opening remarks, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, ma'am. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Thank you, so much. With regards the quarterly performance of the third 
quarter of this financial year, so far as our turnover goes in comparison on 
the PFY, we are about 4% up in terms of our total turnover. With regards on 
quarter on quarter for, the same financial year we are up 14% in terms of our 
profitability which actually showcases the high-end work that we have done in 
this earning of this quarter. 
Same way, if we see our EPS, it is higher quarter on quarter and in 
comparison to the last quarter, it is higher by one point -- it's higher by about 
15%. Based on the strength of the performance of this quarter in this FY, we 
have also declared interim dividend of INR 2 per share, which is equal to the 
total dividend of the last financial year. So, we expect a robust profitability in 
comparison to, the previous year. And going forward, we also see more 
businesses in our core as well as diversified segment. Would you like me to 
add more numbers to it?  
Moderator: 
 
Shall we open the forum for the questions, ma'am? 
Vinay Kalia: 
 
Yes, we can. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes, we can. 
Moderator: 
All right. Thank you, very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may 
press '*' and '1' on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press '*' and '2'. Participants are requested 
to use handset while asking questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for 
a moment while the question queue assembles. To ask a question please 
press '*' and '1' at this time. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
The first question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Industries. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Hello, ma'am and thank you for the opportunity. And thank you for looking our 
request of conducting now regular con calls. Thank you for this continuity 
firstly. 
Vartika Shukla: 
You're welcome. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, ma'am. Ma'am, firstly, if you could throw some more light on the 
business prospects, the current business environment in terms of order 
intake both for our consultancy as well as turnkey projects and the key 
headwind we are facing in terms of executions for the turnkey projects? Any 
over run-in cost, in any or particular projects? And I think so, the company is 
now pursuing a business in new technologies also by new, it is the hydrogen, 
a business, I think so where we make a breakthrough. So, if you could throw 
some more light on the same? And then, I have some more follow ups. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Sure.So far as the business order inflow goes, the total order inflow up to the 
quarter ending third quarter is INR 1507 crore, in comparison to the entire 
order of INR 1569 crore for the last financial year. Largely this order is in our 
consultancy segment which is a high end job. So, the large order is almost 
majority of this order in flow is in the high-end consultancy itself, so far as our 
order books set of scores up to December 21, we are about INR 8200 crore, 
in comparison to last financial year end which was INR 7982crore. 
We foresee -- we are already working on with GAIL on hydrogen and we are 
looking forward to more opportunity. We have quoted for some proposals and 
we get some more proposals on job looking at various commercial aspect of 
the hydrogen economy. We have also got a small feasibility for NTPC, which 
is another bio sector, the renewable sector which will be then transforming 
into Project Management Services and Engineering Implementation. 
So, this stage, as we see in the market, is a stage of transition where there is 
a lot of feasibility and lot of, work going on in terms of assessing the 
investment in the diversified sector of renewables. EIL is very well 
entrenched in most of them in the space of not only renewables but also in 
the core hydrocarbon sector where we work. And these are going to turn 
around into projects where EIL will have a very major role to play. And with 
that we will have a -- we expect a reasonably good order big positionnext 
year. Would this suffice? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Hello? Yes, ma'am, may I continue, ma'am. Hello? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes, please. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes,ma'am. I was coming to -- with now the execution cycle. Generally, the 
fourth quarter turns out to be a big quarter, in terms of all engineering 
concerns. So, how is the execution cycle, currently, ma'am? We are already 
45 days into the quarter. And this February being a lean month, in terms of 
number of days. So, how is the exhibition cycle picking up? And where are 
we going to end the year in terms of the revenue profile trajectory, if you 
could give some more color? 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Vartika Shukla: 
Sure. So, I'm sorry, I missed that point. I should have remembered to reply to 
that. You are right, in the last quarter, it is not just for the engineering 
services also, but for every client, there are a lot of mechanical completions 
happening by year for capitalizing of the assets. So work is on and full swing 
in all our projects. Whether we look at Bathinda refinery, whether we look at 
Vizag refinery or in some ways, Rajasthan refinery. So, there is a lot of 
activity in terms of completion of a huge number of milestones in couple of 
these mega projects. 
And we will be realizing, definitely, as you have seen year on year, always 
quarter 4 turns out to be a better quarter with respect to implementation. We 
are a little -- we hope it will be picked up. It has picked up already. We have 
one of the highest number of man powers deployed in Vizag now in 
comparison to last few months. January was not that good because of 
COVID, but it is suddenly improved and concerted efforts on the project 
management to finish off dependencies to get milestones in these project is 
achievable. And it would be probably preemptive to give you a number of 
sorts on Q4. But as it goes, it will definitely be better than Q3, that assurance 
we can definitely giveyou, and we are trying our best to do better than last 
year. 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Kapoor, does that answer your question? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Hello, ma'am, on the margin profile, hello? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes,ma'am. On the margin profile, with the inflationary trends in the 
commodity prices, what kind of pressure are we seeing on the margin, since 
the the raw material prices of all the commodities are moving in the north 
ward trajectory? And also, ma'am on the point of our investment in this, the 
urea business in the fertilizer segment. I think so, we have been posting 
losses in the joint venture. So, this is the limitation in the investment, only that 
is happening, and these are not cash losses but our investments are being 
marked to market? So, this is the fair understanding of the same, this INR 31 
crore loss that we have booked of share of profit from the joint venture. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Right. So let me answer your first question on the margins. From in respect, 
so far as our services goes in comparison to 9 months of last year to this year 
our margins are 2% up in terms of our performance. Yes, there are some, 
lump sum turnkey projects which we work for PMC and the commodity prices 
are largely getting impact in those LSTK segment where we are not LSTK 
contractors. But we are PMC. 
Now there in also there are two types of contracting which happens. One, 
which actually compensates for the commodity increase on indexing and on 
kind of the trend in the copper, aluminum and steel. But there are some fixed 
term contracts where in there is no benefit which is or no compensation for 
the unprecedented rise which has happened in the commodity prices. 
Fortunately, EIL is not entirely affected, in some of the LSTK segments that 
we do, there are concerns there but they are under control. And where in if 
you can see also, the turkey segment turnover is comparative to the 9 
months of last financial year and also comparative in fact, higher on quarter-
to-quarter basis. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
On the second part in terms of the investments we have made in the fertilizer 
sector as I had also mentioned in the last earning call, this is a unit under 
stabilization and if you see on the three quarters performance of consolidated 
results, this quarter is better than the last quarter 1, and quarter 2 of this 
financial year. The plant is running at around 65% to 70% capacity. 
There is a limitation on the offloading of urea over there in Ramagundam, 
which the Railway Ministry and the Telangana government is working upon. 
And it is expected that probably in March itself we will go up to 90%. Once we 
have a break in -- break point, it will only have -- it will be governed by the 
urea policy and the return is an assured 12%. So, we have this joint venture 
with NFL. And like any operating plant it has, stabilization issues which are 
now almost over. And we expect a good year in the next financial year. It is 
going to give us a good return. 
There would be, of course, andwhat should I call the returns are going to be 
governed by the subsidy but the subsidy comes even if it is a quarter late or it 
is always there. So, this is a time of transition. But once we have a steady, 
inflow from our RFCL once it's full operating, I think it will be a stable 
investment that we have made. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Ma'am, what is the total investment made in this project? And as of now, how 
much limitation has been taken with the commissioning of the project, this 
fertilizer, Ramagundam fertilizer? 
Vartika Shukla: 
INR 491 crore is the total investment in Ramagundam. And the other thing, 
what you mentioned, please, can you repeat? 
Saket Kapoor: 
The limitation which we have taken, or the losses, booked -- the book entry 
which we have provided for? 
R.P. Batra: 
Yes, it's INR 160 crore, approximately. 
Vartika Shukla: 
INR 160 crore. Batra, what is the number? 
R.P. Batra: 
Our share is around INR 160 crore for the 9 months. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes,okay. 
Saket Kapoor: 
INR160 crore. So, ma'am, just to get last understanding when the plants start 
moving -- starts operating at a 90% to 95% levels, what would be its 
contribution going forward? And ma'am, the understanding from investor 
community is that our -- the money of Engineers India being being invested in 
these unrelated sectors, have not been accepted very well in the investing 
community, you can see the type of capitalization this unique business 
company is commanding, even after our buyback. ma'am, as you were 
mentioning about dividend, I think so last year we also did a buyback. So, 
that that amount was also debited from our reserves and paid back to the 
shareholder. So, it should be conclusive of the dividend you gave in addition 
to the buyback amount of this year. But in spite of all the effort being done, 
the investing community are finding it jittery and that could be very well seen 
from the capitalization, ma'am, the way the prices have declined and are 
maintaining at the low levels. In fact, there is so much enthusiasm in the 
market and also with respect to budget also being so much focus on the 
infrastructure sector, hydrocarbons whichever we work there is inflow of 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
positive news. And in spite of having these segments, we are not able to 
build confidence in investors because one of the point is this the money 
diverted in the unrelated segment, you can correct me there, but the returns 
wouldn’t commensurate, with respect to our core competency, ma'am. We 
are investing in refinery segment also in NRL and we have an apprehension 
that the related vagaries, the sector will vagaries or fertilizers and refineries 
would eventually be on the Engineer India P&L account. This is my 
understanding, ma'am. So, how to get the investor confidence back, ma'am? 
What steps are you takingto build investor confidence, ma'am? You are at the 
helm now; I think so not even one year has passed. So, this was my point. 
Vartika Shukla: 
So, in fact, this is also a cause of attention from our side, that despite doing 
very well in the financials and we are steadily increasing profitability in terms 
of performance, we are steadily getting more margins and increasing our 
internal efficiencies, we are working in diversified areas, diversified 
geographies, we are doing all out to actually garner business and grow. Yet, 
the reflection of that is not being felt very positive in the market. 
Now on this, yes, we are a consultancy company. The large choices as you 
have already stated, our only few that company like ours have. Whether we 
do buy back in a repeated manner which brings back the liquidity and then 
benefits the shareholders or we put this into, secured may not be directly 
related, may not be our core business of operating and maintaining a plant, 
but it is, I wouldn't say it is unrelated. So, investments in RFCL we have got 
INR 200 crore EPCM service because of that investments in RFCL. 
Today also in NFL, in NRL we have a much more, what should I say, much 
more a stronger relationship with an NRL, which for their expansion project at 
tendered out and it had not come to EIL and we were not, I mean it went out 
of our hands. The dialogue on the strength of us being part of NRL in some 
way is actually bridging a lot of requirement of NRL and coming to EIL. 
Today for NRL, we have sold three of our technologies with engineering, 
which is a unique achievement for a company like us, domestic technology 
which actually goes towards Atmanirbhar Bharat. So, these are the pluses. 
Today for our RFCL, we are trying to work out how nano urea can be put in 
RFCL, with NFL. So, these are the pluses if we have a stake there and we 
are part of it, it is a business which is compounding business. I'm not -- this is 
not something which is immediately going to reflect. But it will be on a long 
term. It will help the growth of the company to diversify its investments in this 
manner. 
So, there is no -- NRL, for example, has already a commitment from this 
Government of India in terms of benefits. Northeast is a sector which will be 
developing. So, investments there are very secure once they're and we have 
already got INR 16 crore dividend in the interim dividend which NRL has 
already declared, and which is there reflected in our books also. 
So, I would convey to the investor community that in a short term it maybe 
the visibility of our investments and the visibility of the way EIL is going could 
be viewed, I would not, -- could be viewed in this manner, but in a long term 
there is a strategy in it. There is a strategy and both which is financially sound 
as well as for growth, it is also quite positive and full of opportunity. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, ma'am. Thank you for the elaborate answer. To point on the other 
income part, ma'am, we have this. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Kapoor, but can you please? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, I'll come in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Viral Shah from YES Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes. Good evening, ma'am. So, basically, ma'am, could you highlight us on 
or give us more clarity on the tendering pipeline which is there in terms of 
petrochemicals, various projects, large ticket side projects, like Cauvery 
Basin, Bina refinery, what is the status on the same? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Okay. Cauvery Basin refinery, we had been awarded in quarter 2. And that 
was the job order of INR 1039 crore and it is going on well. There is already 
movement at site also, there are some land issues which will be sorted out by 
the owners. And so far as -- right now, we have more of engineering activity, 
which is on full swing. We have a complete team deployed here as well as in 
the site. 
Looking forward, we have expansions of Panipat, of HMEL, of MRPL, work 
for Kochi, BPCL in Kochi. We are already working for Bina, you would have 
seen all the announcements which the BPCL Chairman has made recently 
on the polypropylene at Kochi and petrochemical at Bina, EIL is there. And 
like I mentioned exactly what I mentioned a while back, we are there as part 
of the feasibilities, with the low value high end work, which leads to project, 
pre-project activities and project. So, we are there. 
Also, for pipeline activity in terms of the both the gas and LPG, there are a lot 
of work which is being done in feasibility. There are some import facilities 
also which are being worked on. You have also seen the statement of CEO 
and MD of PLL and, there also there are two projects which he has 
mentioned. One is the Gopalpur FSRU and as well as the PP and PDH in the 
Dahej. EIL is there and we are at the center stage doing the feasibility for 
them and we look forward. And if you've seen the numbers of investment 
which he shared, you'll see the volume of product projects which are there for 
them. 
Besides, we are also working very closely with the other sectors, especially 
when we are looking at addition of petrochemicals, specialty chemicals, we 
are also talking to the private sector for some of the work, we are also looking 
at co-development of a lot of technologies with the private sector and the 
public sector which will go into commercialization, which is our core. You talk 
of technical competence and that is also very much focused upon. 
So, we -- I mean, I at the helm of affairs with my team, see a huge 
opportunity, not just what I've told there are plenty of otherleads, not only 
here, we've just won a small job, but sizeable volume later in Nigeria, which is 
again a PMC work that we have -- the feasibility work. So, there are some 
certain other projects of GAIL also we are working upon. So, there are plenty 
of work which is going on, which will convert to project very soon. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Viral Shah: 
So, ma'am, when you look at and quantify in terms of numbers, one is the 
core petrochemical segment, what will be a big pipeline look like maybe INR 
30,000 crore kind of opportunity over a 3-year period? Or a number if you 
quantify? And secondly, and the noncore segments, when you expect actual 
commoditization to take place and what can that part of order would be for a 
2-year, 3-year perspective, not on a short term, but yes, in the long run, what 
is the expectation or strategy going forward? And lastly, ma'am, a lot of 
projects has been delayed. So obviously this year, also the order in flow was 
subdued. We had been able to back INR 1500 kind of crore of order inflow. 
But from a longer end perspective, what is the run rate, where we would be 
comfortable at maybe INR 2000, INR 2500? So, that we can get our revenue 
and execution pipeline going, these are my three questions. Thank you. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes, okay. So, I would not be able to tell you the absolute number of volume 
of project in terms of crores. I have given you sufficient number, in fact, 
information of the project plus you see the announcements made, you can 
see as a percentage what kind of fees we would get. 
Viral Shah: 
No, problem. That's fair enough, ma'am. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes, but in case you are talking of the -- what is a healthy order book for both 
sustenance and what is the healthy order book for a good CAGR? It is again, 
we have -- we would like ideally to have a 65%, 35% mix of consultancy and 
EPC, primarily because consultancy is a very good margin. And EPC gives 
us a good top line, so that's the kind of mix that would be ideal for us. 
As I mentioned before, the large part of our the order book is mainly in the 
consultancy now, so we are trying to get as much as we can also in EPC. 
Largely, yes, something like 2000 plus is a good number, it's a good number, 
we would aspire for more, but that's the number for a reasonable growth year 
on year, yes. 
Viral Shah: 
Fair enough ma'am. And lastly, ma'am we have not backed any project on 
our EPC for quite some time now. So, where we are in terms of bidding or 
are we close to getting one or two projects, so what is the strategy out there. 
And secondly, on the same question. In terms of margins, are these fixed 
price contracts or there is a possibility of price growing in there as well? Why 
I am coming there is because any which ways we are making 2% on EBIT. 
So, whether we can have that -- any other contracts is fixed price and we are 
going to take some hit on that. So, clarity on that will be helpful. Thank you. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Would you like that one? 
Vinay Kalia: 
Viral, as mix of consultancy, ma'am has shared it about 65%, 35% is the ideal 
mix, we would like to have for top line and bottom-line growth, on a long-term 
basis. As far as EPCs are concerned, see wherever we take up EPC 
projects, you would know that because of conflict of interest, we will be 
forfeited from taking a FEED and PMC assignments. So, it is kind of a margin 
mix. Our first priority is always to go in for a consultancy assignment where 
we will do FEED and PMCs or we are EPCM consultants. Majority of 
projects, there are EPCM mode of contracting, where are no EPC contracts. 
So, like in CPCL, some units are in EPCM, only few units are on PMC. Same 
in Panipat. It is a mix, same in NRL. Wherever there is an opportunity 
between a PMC and a EPC, we will first try for PMC. Fortunately for us, in 
EPC modes of contracting also we have been able to go in for cost plus kind 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
of contracts, which gives you more security in terms of variations in plant and 
machinery and also stability in terms of bottom-line margin. So, we are 
cutting down on our variability, stabilizing our margins and looking for a 
reasonable growth. 
Viral Shah: 
Lastly, sir, in terms of turnkey, you rightly mentioned that so, I'm just 
evaluating, is there some opportunity where we can bake some large orders 
in turnkey because this is a segment where we have not baked anything for 
quite some time, not a large ticket sized kind of order, so just wanted to 
understand that? 
Vinay Kalia: 
Yes. As I've shared with you, we have not done EPCs because we are PMC 
consultants there. 
Viral Shah: 
Agreed. 
Vinay Kalia: 
For well at Rajasthan Refinery, we cannot take any of the EPC contracts, 
there are about 18-20 EPC bids, which are going on, but we cannot bid 
because we are PMC consultants. Same will be the case in CPCL and 
Panipat because we are the consultants there. So, our opportunity size 
comes down because we are acting as a consultant in lot of the projects and 
you know our market share in India. So that's the call we have to take, if we 
go for this kind of a margin mix. 
Viral Shah: 
Okay, fair enough. Lastly, if I may add one last question. That's it from my 
end. When we look at the historical margins, I guess FY '14, '15 was where -- 
'13, '14 was where you used to command 24, 26 kind of percent of margins, 
obviously the revenue share from consultancy was very high. If we try to mix 
change or mix from currently 50%, 55% of consultancy to 65% or 70%, can 
we expect our margin to bounce back significantly from 11%, 12% to maybe 
18%, 19%. 
Vartika Shukla: 
It is possible and we are working on that end. We are trying, we have 
reopened some of the divisions, which were our USP. Viral, I was answering 
your question. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, ma'am. 
Vartika Shukla: 
So, what we are trying to say, we have reopened some of -- re-constituted 
some of our USPs, some departments, which are very high-end work they 
do, where our margins are very high. As you mentioned in I think 14-15, 15-
16 our margins were high, 14-15. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, '14, ma'am, FY14 and '13. 
Vartika Shukla: 
So now, what only happens is that we don't kind of see that kind of growth in 
the topline. So, on the margins, we would grow. So that's why we are seeing 
a healthy order book of 65%, 35% kind of gives us both margin may not be 
24%. There could be 17%, 18% or 15% or 13%, but our topline also shows 
growth. That will -- that's how the segments are now divided, kind of reflect. 
So, we will definitely, in fact, we have already broken that barrier, those 
groups have actually and the objective is that they become SBUs. So once 
they do that, then it is more of a high-end work which recognizes both India 
and overseas. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
So, it's going to take some initial time to kind of get back to momentum to 
break out and perform, but we are confident EIL is moving in that direction, 
the management is also steering, I'm steering in these kind of high-end work, 
which is unique to us, no one else in the country does that. So many -- very 
few people in the world also do that. 
Viral Shah: 
Yes, ma'am, I agree to that. And I think that was where we also used to 
command a premium as well from a market cap perspective as well because 
people were really gung-ho about the business and the kind of work which 
we used to do. And I guess if you could bring that I think the market cap 
should come back, that is what the expectation is. Thank you, ma'am and all 
the best for future, sir. Continue doing this good job, ma'am. Thank you so 
much. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sagar Gandhi from Future 
Generali India Life Insurance Company. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes,you are. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes, thank you so much. So, ma'am, my question is we have been making 
losses from past three quarters in the associate company which is 
Ramagundam Fertilizer Limited. What is our internal assessment? By when 
will they ease the, I mean breakeven? And what is the utilization level at 
which this Ramagundam Fertilizer company is working? And at what 
utilization level will it breakeven and it will start contributing positively to our 
bottom line? 
Vartika Shukla: 
So, let me answer the last -- not the last, to the mid part. It is running today at 
about 65% capacity. And we expect the breakeven to happen even in March, 
in the month of March itself, last month 70% is the breakeven, where it starts 
making money. And as I also replied earlier, it is definitely going to be 
positive next year and we expect the break point to happen in March itself. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Okay. So, if I understand correctly, it is currently at 55% utilization level. 
Vartika Shukla: 
60%, 65%. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
65%. And in another 5%, it will start breaking even. And at ma'am, at roughly 
say 80%, 85% utilization level, how much horsepower that -- does that 
company has to make money. I mean, what is the EBITDA that company will 
generate? 
Vartika Shukla: 
There is -- this is under the urea policy of 2015 which is extended to 
Ramagundam also. So, on a post-tax returns, is assured return of 12% on 
the investments, on equity. So that's the kind of return we will get on our INR 
491 crore once it produces. And the there is almost 60% of the demand of 
urea is in Telangana itself. So, the market is very much there. The distribution 
is done by NFL. So, there are logistic issues on rail. There are some issues 
on the rail rates, some dialogs going on on that, there are some issues on the 
truck, on the local issues are also there which are being resolved. And once 
that happens and the offtake goes up, it will get sorted and once -- see if you 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
have a 60% demand in the state, then movement outside becomes lesser 
than required. So, there are high-level meetings happening almost once a 
week to ease out this kind of synergy between the various agencies, various 
state and center and everything. So, it will smoothen out very soon. Because 
we all, we realize today we are producing something like $300 per ton urea 
and the import is not less than 900 if I recall correctly, the number was right. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes, share priced 99. 
Vartika Shukla: 
So, there is a huge push and everybody is working, every stakeholder on 
RFPL is on the job. EIL, RFPL, our ministries, Railway Ministry, Telangana 
Government, so everybody is on the job to support them, to -- for the 
dispatches so that should happen very soon. Please appreciate that there is 
a stabilization required in particular on operating units, specially where they 
handle solids, like bagging and dispatching. So, it's a more complex than the 
process industry like refineries, which we deal with, which are stabilized so 
soon within a few weeks sometimes (technical difficulties). 
Moderator: 
Participants again, apologies for the delay in reconnecting. We have the 
management line now reconnected. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Thank you for your answer, ma'am. Continuing with 
exceptional losses question. So, in last Q4 of FY21, we had booked an 
exceptional lots of INR 155 crore. And that was because of probable few 
principal defaults on the investments book. So, ma'am, any update, there are 
any more exceptional losses coming in subsequent quarters? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Let me be honest with you, that was done in complete transparency through 
bring to the books, make good of the losses of the principal in the PM Trust. 
There are some very small investments, which if at all go bad will be 
accounted for. But let me assure and confirm that the substantial value of 
INR 154 crore will nowhere be ever on the books of EIL henceforth. So, it 
was a conscious attempt, conscious decision to make sure this was reported 
and closed. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Yes, but, ma'am, that time it was reported that this is 80% of the probability 
holds. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes. So, you are aware of the market, if you would probably financial 
markets, you are better equipped to understand, you are knowing that we 
have to go by the waterfall mechanism. We have to go by the Co CNN 
decisions. And the resolution professionals decide as per the rule and the 
hierarchy where we sit in terms of the investments we have made. 80% was 
the actuarial value which was determined. Since we have already accounted 
for 80%, there is already some which we have already got back. And if any, 
as I mentioned, and let me be very honest and straight, in case there are any 
closures of any investments and they need to be accounted for, which will be 
definitely much lower than what was done in terms of provisioning, it will be 
done. EIL's book will be clean on this account and very transparent as have 
always been. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Thank you so much for the transparency that you showed and all the best. 
Thank you so much. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is a follow from the line of Saket 
Kapoor from Kapoor Industries. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Hello? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes ma'am. Ma'am if -- I have not heard the cash in -- cash on books figure, 
ma'am, if you could help me out with the same? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Batra-ji? 
R.P. Batra: 
It's around, between INR 1200 crore to INR 1300 crore. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And when we come to the slide number 23, ma'am, if we would, yes, 
capital investment. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Okay. 
Saket Kapoor: 
If you could explain what is the message we're trying to give from investment 
one, two and three. I think so, you have spoken about the Ramagundam 
Fertilizer in total investment of equity of INR 491 crore. And now coming to 
this NELP, two upstream assets and the minority stake in Numaligarh. Our 
Numaligarh investment is INR 700 crore as mentioned and this INR 16 crore 
dividend we have received for this quarter itself and it is there in the other 
income of INR 39 crore? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes. It is in the other income. Batra-ji, correct? 
R.P. Batra: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So please explain about our investment for this NELP two upstream 
assets, what is the update on the same? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes. So, you are quite aware that yes the nation needs to enhance our 
production of both oil and gas. And going by that, we have partnered with 
BPRL and we are in consortium partners with GAIL for the two blocks in the 
upstream. There is a kind of -- there is a probable, in one, there is a probable 
chance of getting that asset realize the returns. In the other, it is likely that 
you may -- we may not get the price at which the recovery would come, 
would be much higher than the bidding price of crude. There are decisions 
being made with the consortium, our lead partner who are actually working 
on the economics and working on ground will in due course share more 
information with us. But these are in the good of the nation that we need to 
work upon the enhancing exploration in the upstream. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, ma'am. That is very true. But in a listed space when you have other 
shareholder, then there is the commitment is more than towards the nation. It 
is our duty, we are taxpayer. So, we are committed to the nation in that way. 
But if a listed company also have these kinds of commitment towards nation 
from listed entities. It is not giving the right message to the investing 
community that if the cash that you generated nobody will be able to tell how 
it is utilized, who will decide, it is the promoter, that is the Government of 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
India. So, there must be segregation between what the minority shareholders 
are expecting and what the government has asked the management to do? 
Vartika Shukla: 
You are very right.Our minority investors or non-government investors or the 
other investors, we need to consider them as well, there is no doubt about it, 
and I do not dispute that. As a responsible profitable corporate, we need to 
see business in our own money that we have. Right? And I am completely 
with you on it. 
Now, while I am with you on it, there are some things which as a sectorial 
company, there are some obligations and as and when they come, we have 
to evaluate. Now these are also -- these are not processes. See these are 
not investments made just by somebody directions. These are assessments 
and assessments are done with proper technical and commercial due 
diligence, right? So, these are also been done with proper due diligence, a 
proper process has been followed and the outcome is subject to the prices of 
crude.So, it would -- and at that time, the assessment, what was done was 
had made sense, commercial sense. 
While we are a government organization. But let me tell you, no board, 
neither ours or in other PSUs takes any decision which is commercially not 
attractive. It is very rarely that we have some decision-making process, which 
doesn't make any sense. They could be. I would not say no to it, in terms of 
the decisions. But largely, they're all discussed, specially of commercial 
investment. And the logic of the investments of both at with BPRL or GAIL 
was, complete due diligence was done in terms of the pricing and then only 
these were taken up in consortium. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct ma'am. When we look at this Numaligarh Refinery investment also 
ma'am, our investment is to the tune of INR 700 crore. And the dividend, 
which we have received for this -- if I'm not aware of the financials for NRL, 
so excuse me, on that front. So, it is at 2% to 3% payout if we take on this 
dividend, other than the dividend, I don't think so there would be any other 
mode by which we would be receiving our cash back until and unless they go 
for an IPO and we get an opportunity to dilute our stake at that point?That 
was the reason, yes ma'am, so, 2%, 3%--? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Right. So, I would hold you -- I would hold the investors to closure of this 
financial year. I think it is premature to judge the percentage return on the 
investment just with the first interim declaring the first interim dividend by 
Numaligarh Refinery. I think, I would hold the award of a judgement in this 
matter till the financial year crosses and the final dividend is declared by 
Numaligarh. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, ma'am. I got the message. But when we look at your 9 months versus 
9 months, ma'am, December '20 and December '21, PBT has remained flat, 
So, how should welook at these numbers, ma'am? If I look at the top line -- If 
look at the bottom line, it is INR 302 crore. And last year it was for the 9-
month INR 309 crore. So, is it the only COVID factor that has flattened our 
number and there is no growth in the bottom line? 
Vartika Shukla: 
See, there were a lot of projects which have not -- if you see the activity now 
there is a lot of announcement and I just shared with you some of the 
announcements made by some of the owners. So, there are many more 
announcements which will come. See we get businesses when there is 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
investment and growth. So, no doubt as someone mentioned on the 
investments which are also business opportunities as part of the budget. And 
definitely there is a huge investment which is planned in the oil and gas itself, 
which is over INR 1,11,000 crore also in infrastructure, which is huge. So, we 
-- the cycle has to also start know, the investment cycle once it goes at the 
swim, commensurate to that only we will get our jobs. So, it has not been 
very robust in terms of growth, we are already in. In GDP you see the 
reflection in some ways also comes there in last 2 years from March '19, '22, 
no, not '19, '20 to '21, now '22 we are only picking up you see the vehicle 
sales in last month in January. Have you seen that? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, ma'am. 
Vartika Shukla: 
So, it's reflective. The growth is reflective in many elements. One of it is in 
these the sector's when we see growth in passenger vehicles. So, the 
commercial vehicle sales is pretty good. So, there's going to be activity 
means, there is going to be some, -- I have seen now year on year the 
vehicle sale has increased by 14%, total commercial vehicle sales. So, which 
means to say that there is commercial activity picking up. If it picks up, then 
the sentiment of the market is there, sentiment to invest, there is demand, 
there is investments not only in our core sector, but the other sectors, 
infrastructure, and all. It is a huge push in the budget, in the infrastructure 
also. So, we are definitely going to go all pitch, all pitches there, all efforts are 
there to garner more jobs. 
My single mantra to us is and to EIL and all of us is that we must get as much 
business as we can, whether it is a high-end business, consultancy business 
or a form of an LSTK or OBE business, the more business we get, the more 
we will grow. The more our presence will be, the more we can satisfy the 
investor community. So, our concerted effort is to garner more jobs in any 
and every sector, build on more clients, build on new clients, build on new 
geographies. These are some of the pillars that we are working on. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Ma'am, on the L1 part, can you through some light, ma'am? 
Vartika Shukla: 
L1? 
Saket Kapoor: 
L1means, the bidding process that's going on how many L1 orders are there? 
Vartika Shukla: 
We will not be able to share with you any bidding information. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, ma'am, I was just looking at the size of the order where we are bid and 
our strike rate, just to have an understanding, how many orders -- yes 
ma'am? 
Vartika Shukla: 
It's a little sensitive, I think, to share on these elements, it's – Vinay, it's 
difficult for us to share, right? 
Vinay Kalia: 
Yes. it is little sensitive because it’s a competitive environment and we are 
bidding. Moment we are getting the jobs, we are declaring the same 
Vartika Shukla: 
I think we already, declaration have been notified. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Saket Kapoor: 
Ma'am this Jal Sena project of the government,is Engineers India anyway 
participating, doing any work in this on any pipe we are garnering out of this 
entire project? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Which project? 
Saket Kapoor: 
The Jal Sena project which is now the flagship project of the current 
government. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Jal Shakti? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, the Jal Sena Jal Shakti project, yes. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Is it, Gati Shakti? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Gati Shakti,yes, ma'am. This time it was mentioned Gati Shakti where in the 
entire gamut comes in. Jal Sena is also, yes. 
Vartika Shukla: 
I will not disclose anything on Gati Shakti, right now. You'll have to wait. 
Vinay Kalia: 
It’s a little sensitive, let it be with us. Moment we have something material to 
declare, we will declare. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes, we will declare, share. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Small closing point from my side. Firstly, ma'am, we should try in best of 
opportunity, to come up with our board meetings and all also a bit early than 
at the fag end. And our presence in the investor community should also be 
enhanced. Ma'am, today I saw the interview at CNBC Awaaz, and there 
should be ways and means by which the presence of the company should be 
felt in the investing community. So that attraction can and on a regular basis, 
being developed other than the con call, they should other mediums also, the 
other con calls, infrastructure calls and many con calls happen over the 
period of time. So, wherever our company's relevant, there should be a 
presence from the team, so that builds base and confidence among the 
investor community, ma'am. So, these are the point, I thought this medium I 
can convey through. Yes, ma'am. 
Vartika Shukla: 
There is a concerted effort from our end to do that. And I would very much 
like to know the formula of enhancing our share price so that our market cap 
increases. Nothing more would excite me to actually make that happen, as 
the company. So, we are as leadership committed to it, and we definitely 
need your support. We need your support. We also need a feedback, and 
you have given very positive feedback on the perception. I mean, all of you 
really shared that. So, I would also thank you for that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, ma'am. You should work in agencies, there are agencies who work for 
value creation ideas and as a board hires and look forward for the 
deliberations and our contributions are always there. But these were the 
points for which I thought, just sharing with you. And for the ethanol story 
also, ma'am any participation from – where for a setup of an ethanol plant 
any engineering work or job we are doing? There is lot of traction in the 
ethanol segment also, all across the country. 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Vartika Shukla: 
So now I think we really need to communicate better. We are setting up the 
world's largest only bio refinery which is happening today, which is ABRPL in 
Assam. EIL is the front runner in implementation of bio refineries ethanol bio 
refineries. So, I think wherever you can showcase this, quote this, we have 
taken our technologies from a bench scale to commercial scale and we have 
a agreement, we have a strategic alliance with them in terms of R&D and 
innovation. 
So, I think EIL is on the front runner on ethanol. There is no question of us 
how we are there. In fact, we were the first ones to do these PFRs in 2016. 
So, EIL has been contributed to the national bio fuel policy. EIL has been 
helping the ministry in a formulation of the Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Yojana, 
EIL has the evaluated technology, and EIL today is working for implementing 
engineering PMC project management it's a good sizeable project we are 
doing for ABRPL inNumaligarh. And also, we have this R&D association. We 
are also doing DAPL feasibility for NTPC. So, we are very much there. I think 
no other company to this extent is involved and engaged and committed to 
the bio fuel and the ethanol projects in particular than EIL. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what is the size of the contract, ma'am? This ABRPL? 
Vartika Shukla: 
See the size of the contract would be something like probably around INR 
100 crore. 
R.P. Batra: 
It has touched INR 100 crore. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, that means— 
Vartika Shukla: 
Now you have brought me here. Let me bring another perspective to it. As a 
consultancy organization, you only -- we see only our turnover in terms of our 
the fees that we get. If you see in terms of the value of projects that we're 
implementing today, it is more than almost INR 2,50,000 crore to INR 
3,00,000 croreproject. Just think of it in the other way. You see how many 
lakh crore projects that EIL is implementing as a consultancy organization. 
And if we add that up, it will add to something like INR 2,50,000 crore to INR 
3,00,000 crore. That is the value of projects that we implement. 
We place something like 2,500 orders per year on various MRs and tenders. 
We turn around almost 6 to 7 orders per day. That's the volume of work EIL 
handles. So, and it's very complex. However, our turnover is a percentage of 
the fee of the cost of the or the services that we do. And that's why fee and 
the vastness of the company does not reflect as it should, in the top line 
figures. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So, by INR 100 crore, you mean our revenue -- our share of business 
or this is the revenue we are going to get post completion? 
Vartika Shukla: 
It is the fees that we get. 
Saket Kapoor: 
INR 100 crore is the fees? 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what is the size of business? Hello? 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
R.P. Batra: 
That project is INR 3250 crore, INR 3,250 crore. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes, that's right. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And INR 100 crore is our income from the same providing our 
consultancies? 
R.P. Batra: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct. And also, are we working on any carbon capture project also, 
ma'am? This is also a talking point. 
Vartika Shukla: 
I cannot disclose that, it is confidential. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Yes, it is confidential. I can only say we are, but it's confidential. You know, 
carbon capture is a very, very confidential area. I would not be able to share 
anything on that today. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, ma'am, because NTPC and all have started, their work on the same 
power plants, the old power plant for NTPC. So, I thought if I could get some 
clarification on the same. 
Vartika Shukla: 
In due course of time, we will announce. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct. Ma'am, many thanks to you for addressing, listening patiently, 
answering my questions. My first interaction with you during the AGM and 
post that this is the second opportunity. And really thankful to the board. And 
I hope that our suggestions would be taken on board if they derive merit and 
hope for further interactions and a long journey with this organization with its 
esteemed value still unlocked. So, hope for good times ahead, ma'am. Thank 
you. And all the best, ma'am. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are nofurther questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management team for closing remarks. Over to you. 
Vartika Shukla: 
So, as I have already in detail explained. EIL is on the growth part, both in 
terms of garnering businesses in the core sector, there is a strategic road 
back towards growth in the diversified sector, as well as strategic footprints 
enhancing in the international territory as well. We have also reconstituted 
some of our USP some high-end technology work that we do, to garner the 
existing clients and build new clients. And there is expected to be a good, 
positive, and encouraging interest from our customers which is already felt. In 
terms of adjacency, we are also looking at other businesses and we already 
have a foot in the door and in green hydrogen we are working extensively on 
biofuels in the renewable sector. So, in the -- and we are also likely to play a 
very significant role in the transition of energy which our core refinery sector 

 
Engineers India Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
is to meet the COP26 commitment. So, in going forward, we expect more 
orders in hand and hire both consultancy and turnkey segment so, that we -- 
the vision that we have for the company in the years to come is realized. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, members of management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Batlivala &Karani Securities India Private Limited, that concludes 
today's conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
Vartika Shukla: 
Thank you. 
 
