THRU ONLINE FILING 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 023 
Scrip Code - 524494 
Dear Sirs, 
february 17, 2022 
National Stqck Exchange India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, B!ock-G, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra - (East). 
Mumbai-400051. 
Scrip Code : IPCALAB 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript ·of 
our Conference Call which was held on Tuesday, 15th Fes.ruary, 2022 fo discuss the 
Company's Q3FY22 earnings and business update. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For lpca Laboratories Limited 
~ 
Haristi P. Karnath' 
Corporate Counsel & Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
I pea Laboratories Ltd .. 
www.ipca.com 
12S, Kandivli Industrial Estate, CTS No. 328, Kandivli (West), Mumbai 400 067 (Maharashtra), India I T: +91 22 6210 SOOO F: +91 22 6210 SOOS 
Regd. Office: 48, Kandivli Industrial Estate, Kandivli (West), Mumbai 400 067 (Maharashtra), India I T: +91 22 6647 4444 
E: ipca@ipca.com ON: L24239MH1949PLC007837 

“Ipca Laborat
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. A
MR. H
COMP
MODERATOR: 
MR. N
LIMIT
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
tories Limited Q3 FY-22 Ea
Conference Call” 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
A.K. JAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRE
HARISH KAMATH – CORPORATE CO
PANY SECRETARY 
NITIN AGARWAL – DAM CAPITAL A
TED. 
arnings 
 
ECTOR. 
OUNSEL AND 
ADVISORS 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to theIPCA Laboratories Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM 
CapitalAdvisors Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
NitinAgarwal: 
Thank you Vivian. And good afternoon everyone a very warm welcome to IPCA LabsQ3 
FY22 Post Earnings Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. On the call today we have 
representingIPCA Lab management, Mr. A.K. Jain, Joint Managing Director and Mr. Harish 
Kamath, Corporate Council and Company Secretary. I will hand over the call to Mr. Jain for 
the opening comments and then we will open the floor for question and answers. Mr. Jain, 
please go ahead sir. 
A.K. Jain: 
Thanks Nitin and DAM Capital for organizing this call. Good afternoon to all participants and 
thanks for taking our time and joining us for Q3 FY22 earnings call. Today’s earnings call and 
discussions and answer given may include forward looking statements based on our current 
business expectations. They must be viewed in conjunction with the risk that pharmaceutical 
business faces. Our actual future financial performance may differ from what is projected or 
perceived. You may use your own judgment on the information given during the call.  
Excluding the exceptional business for the last financial year, in first nine months of the 
current year, we have achieved on a standalone basis a growth of almost around 13%.Our 
branded domestic and ROW market recorded a very strong performance in this quarter. API, 
institutional and generic business recorded a decline in the business in this quarter. Domestic 
formulation business delivered almost around 23% growth for the quarter from 523 crore to 
around 645 crore for the quarter. Domestic API based business delivered around 16% growth 
from 71 crore to 86 crore for the quarter. ROW promotional market formulation business 
recorded a growth of almost around 41% from Rs.78 crore to almost 109 crore in this 
particular quarter.  
Overall generate business was around 179 crore as against 218 crore last year, a decline of 
almost around 17%.Institutional business also declined in this quarter to 59 crore from 139 
crore last year, which also included, last year’s figure also included a certain kind of 
exceptional business of around 35 crore and export API business is around 224 crore for the 
quarter as against 278 crore in last financial year. The generic business in UK is mainly 
impacted with much lower shipment to our distributors in UK we have started our own 
distribution arm in that country. The building sustainable business now in UK will take some 
more time.Institutional businesses impacted by the lower shipment in the quarter and 
exceptional business in last financial year in Q3. However, for full financial year we are 
confident that we will achieve our guideline of around 350 crore on institutional business. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
On API business for the quarter is mainly impacted because of two reasons. One was the 
current issue ofAzido impurities on Sartan which we have resolved now, we have filed the 
process and started production, but business stabilization will take some more time. Probably 
some business will get even impacted in Q4 FY22 but we expect that business should get 
normalized from the first quarter of next financial year. The second reason was the exceptional 
business of Hydroxychloroquine, Chloroquinewhat we had in last financial year that has 
impacted this business.Overall domestic business highlight is that, most therapeutic areas that 
delivered very strong growth, in pain we have for the quarter growth of almost around 22%. 
Cardio diabetes growth is around 14% antibacterial has almost around 20% growth for the 
quarter anti-malarialhas significant growth in this quarter around 34% from 19 crore to 26 
crore. Cough and cold was the therapy which industry and we both everybody has grown very 
well in this quarter, business from 24 crore has gone to 36 crore, almost around 51% kind of 
growth. Derma has also delivered around 32% growth, CNS 29% and neurology 42%. So, 
overall domestic business has delivered very good growth in this particular quarter. And in 
first nine months of the current year the domestic business has also recorded a significant 
growth overall. 
Overall pain portfolio contributes almost around 48%. Now, on in the overall business cardio 
diabetes contributes almost around 17%, anti-bacterials overall in pie it has gone up to around 
8% now.Anti-malarials around 6%, derma has added more business so it is now contributing 
almost around 5%, cough and cold is contributing around 5%, CNS and neurology both are 
contributing around 3% in overall pie. 
On margin front on standalone accounts if we look at in Q3 we have delivered a gross margin 
of almost around 67.5% as against first nine months gross margin of 67% and EBITDA before 
Forex gain and loss is almost around 23.49% as against 25% in first nine months of the current 
year.In spite of elevated raw material rates, the gross margin remain at +67% is due to the 
better product mix sales with higher margins. However, the PBT, profit before tax got 
impacted due to higher energy costs, higher shipping and logistic costs. Higher manufacturing 
costs overall inflations and higher marketing cost with full return of marketing and 
promotional cost post COVID. Having given the brief overall background, I now invite the 
question – answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Naresh Goswamifrom Sameeksha Capital.Kindly 
proceed. 
Naresh Goswami: 
So, first question is, what would be the reasonable growth guidance for FY23 for export 
formulation and export API business considering the capacities and approvals which we have 
or which you are expecting for next few quarters and if you can break this up between 
generics, institutional and branded generics it will help. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
A.K. Jain: 
Overall for next financial year we will give growth guidelines only after our budget exercise is 
currently going on. So, after the budget exercise is complete, we will give the guidelines in the 
fourth quarter results when we announce around that time we will give the guidelines of both 
overall revenue as well as on EBITDA front.As far as the fourth quarter is concerned we are 
likely to grow around 20% in the fourth quarter on standalone basis.  
Naresh Goswami: 
Okay. And as far as margin is concerned, you mentioned because of better mix we are 
maintaining the margins, but our two, three questions over here, one is have you started taking 
price increases and does this include the increase in freight and power cost as will and how 
soon we can expect this margin to return to a guided range of 25%, 26%? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let’s say as far as the domestic market pricing is concerned we are continuous basis whenever 
the month on whichthe prices are due to be taken because the 12 month cycle need to be seen. 
You can’t increase prices before that period is over. So you can increase only after the 12 
month cycle is completed. So that we are on continuous basis we are taking the prices. As far 
as generics are concerned, pricing is a regular phenomenon depending on the how the prices of 
API’s are behaving, and negotiations with the buyers but, in this particular period the price 
increase has been minimum because number one European itself was getting impacted and 
there was higher inventories in the market and demand was slow. And therefore the price 
increases even of those API prices have gone up price increases were to that an extent. As far 
as API markets are concerned, the price increases are regularly taken only after the existing 
orders areserviced. But if you look at the material cost, trade wise, if you look at let’s say, 
overall, the crude prices have gone up because of that fallen prices are still continuing to rise. 
So that’s one major cost which is continuously increasing. But as far as other material costs are 
concerned, more or less, I would say that they’re not going down and they are not going up, 
more or less if the elevated level which we have seen in earlier quarter. That’s a continuing and 
what we are hearing from market and our talk with a lot of Chinese manufacturers and others, 
we see that little demand is going up because most players in the market has covered the 
requirements up to the fourth quarter of the next financial year, because a lot of uncertainties, 
Olympics, energy crisis in China and all that. So their demands are little going down. So it 
appears that probably from the first quarter or so, theraw material prices trend may little come 
down. But solvent doesn’t constitute much, it’s only 10%, 15% of overall API cost. So that’s 
rising.Other cost, which is rising is paper, but that’s again a small part of the overall cost. So, I 
would see that overall next financial year the overall prices trend may little come down. So, 
prices of let say on antibacterial front is rising because of Pen-Gshortage and Pen-Gprices are 
still going up, but we are not getting impacted. So maybe cephalosporins and other all the beta-
lactam products the prices may go up, but we are not impacted because we are not a large 
player as far as the antibacterials are concerned.  
Naresh Goswami: 
Okay. So, considering what all the scenarios which we mentioned, can we reasonably say that 
this quarters margin are kind of bottomed and it should trend upwards from here or is it still 
difficult to assess that? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
A.K. Jain: 
If you look at overall gross margin levels, so probably we would be remaining at the similar 
kind of level, we have achieved almost around 67% in current quarter and probably margin 
levels would remain at the similar level. But on the expenditure front, yes the costare, there is a 
significant amount of inflations are there in there and the cost are everywhere rising, we 
havefaced in this year, your coal cost or maybe energy cost going up almost by around 55%, 
significant cost, freight cost have more than doubled. So those logistic cost are significantly 
higher. We don’t see still that’s coming down,overall all the chemicals for testing and others 
we buy practically cost has gone up significantly. So those cost has also gone up in this year by 
almost around 22% to 25%. Practically and marketing cost has written back,all the cost are 
return back because now in last financial year, half of the year people were sitting at home and 
we were paying them salaries, they were not working because of the COVID scenario, but now 
their travels and all the promotional costs are practically have retuned back. So, we are 
currently at the full cost, which we are hitherto incurring on the promotional side and on the 
field staffside. So that cost will be there. So overall gross margin levelwe will continue to 
remain at around 67% or so. But this other cost is definitely on rise.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prakash Agarwal from Axis Capital. 
Kindly proceed. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
First one is on the Sartan,so what I heard was it is now stabilizing. But in Q4, the impact 
would be there and it would normalize by Q1. So, what is it sir taking so long, we mentioned 
in the last call that Q2, Q3 will be done. What wasif you could just remind us what was the 
issue and why is it taking long? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let’s say when this issue came, when we had a call around that time, the newer process 
validations was started.So, it was already one month has passed subsequent in this particular 
quarter. So, after the validations only then you again start sampling and a lot of those issues, 
the documents and all sent to the parties and also those issues are there. And thereafter, the 
production stabilizations based on the newer process has started, we are again working on and 
in this process, some kind of capacities are going down, because additional step of 
purifications are introduced. So, we are working on some kind of new process, which is again 
under validation right now, which will also further increase our overall production to the 
earlier level. So some kind of productions has also gone down in this particular period and 
impact has continued for half of this quarter. And the business somewhere where your loss 
business gaining it again will take some more time. And therefore from overall from next 
financial year, first quarter itself. We already started signing the long term contracts with the 
buyers and all that. So long term means yearly contract with buyers and the business volumes 
are returning back, I would say so we are no concern that volumes will go anywhere else, we 
will definitely be able to have our volumes back in the next financial year. But business will 
remain impacted in the fourth quarter of the current year.  
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay.And just a follow up here. So these are related to the API business in Europe, or the 
generic business or both? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
A.K. Jain: 
It’s basically, everything what I’m talking is about the API Losartan.  
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay. And when this returns, your gross margin is likely to improve since it was higher margin 
business for us? 
A.K. Jain: 
Overall API margins are not that higher compared to the overall formulation margin. But 
margins would more or less will remain at around gross margin level will remain around 67%. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes, that is very clear. And the second question was on the cost side, which you mentioned 
that while gross margin will remain 67 but with the cost, what you’re hinting is cost are still on 
the rise, it is not stabilizing, at least for Q4 and in Q1 there is expection.  
A.K. Jain: 
Cost are definitely on the rising trend because of overall inflation in Indian economy and a lot 
of chemical costs and solvent costs and all logistic costs, container cost, everything has gone 
up here, everything has gone.  
Prakash Agarwal:  
And this you expect to come down by Q1 or you were just mentioning about the input cost? 
A.K. Jain: 
Still there are no sign coming that your logistic costs are coming down, coal cost has some 
what little come down but is still almost 50% higher than earlier it was almost around maybe 
around more than 100% increase, more than 100% increase. But some cost has come down but 
still 50% higher than the earlier level.The energy cost is still elevated level now. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
So, 21%, 22% is a fair margin versus a 25% in the past? 
A.K. Jain: 
I would give the guidelines for next financial year after the Q4, very clear guidance would be 
given.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.We have the next question from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Emkay Global. 
Kindly proceed. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So first question on the quarter four, so will we see the similar kind of profitability seasonality 
in Q4 as well, which we’ll see usually see historically, that Q4 profitability is quite lower than 
the other three quarters? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let’s say overall turnover in Q4 is normally down because let’s say around, if you see our first 
quarter was almost around 1500 crore close to that, second quarter was one close to 1400 
crore, this quarter is around 1300 crore. Q4 numbers are normally lower because domestic 
business around that time that business is little lower but domestic business growth in this year 
is very good. And it’s continuing in the, but overall numbers will be on a lower side let’s say 
overall business in last financial if you see the Q4 number was on a lower side our business 
was almost around 1100 crore. So, on that we will have almost around growth of around 20% 
in the fourth quarter.But it would remain lower than the Q1, Q2, Q3. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And on the India business you suggested that in September, October time we will take a 
lot of price increases. So, from a portfolio perspective what proportion of India business we 
would have taken the price increases for this financial year? 
A.K. Jain: 
Practically if you look at overall what we have achieved a business growth in first nine months 
is almost round 31%,out of which 25% is your volume growth and balance is price growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Just, one more clarification on the Divas plant side. So, that you mentioned you have released 
a press notification saying that okay, we have commercialized partially. So, could you please 
give some clarity about partially means what extent and what benefits that it can add to and 
will that lead to a kind of expanded gross margin scenario because it could provide some 
record integration to the existing operation and when the plant will be fully operationalized. 
So, some sense on those sites sir. 
A.K. Jain: 
Let’s say Devas, I would say that there are two plants we are putting up, one is a bigger plant 
and another one was smaller plant, the bigger plant still work is going on and probably even by 
March, practical it will get commercialized only in the month of April or so, there is a smaller 
plant, out of smaller plant also one section we have started commercializing on urgency basis, 
because one of the intermediate we are falling short off and we wanted immediately the 
capacity. So, even though this plant is not designed for intermediate production, we are started 
some intermediate production there in one particular section. So, that we have expedited that 
so, that some kind of shortage which we are facing that is taken care of, but overall 
commercialization of the entire plant would taken in the next financial year only. 
Surya Patra: 
It is on track to get commercialized? 
A.K. Jain: 
Yes, that is on track, it was to be over in the Q4,Q4 the plant would be ready completely and 
we will start commercial production from the next financial year. It’s only a small sections, we 
have started some intermediate production there.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Sir, second question is on this UK distribution issues, we have in the recent past 
sometime that on and off that we have been seeing this issue of for distributions, what is the 
real issue, a long way only that we had shifted to our own distribution channel and all that, so 
still we are facing similar kind of issue again. So, is it because of the COVID related or it is 
another the old issue some clarity? 
A.K. Jain: 
Typically, we have one distributor in UK and in past also we have faced some problem relating 
to delays in payments and therefore we stopped further shipment and then they regularized the 
account and they started paying money on regular basis. But recently we are seeing the same 
trend again and therefore we have stopped the further shipment to them and therefore that has 
also impacted in this.As far as the our own distribution is concerned. The large amount of files 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
are lying with your NHRI, the regulatory agency in UK we have almost launched around six, 
seven products there but there is a tremendous amount of delays happening in getting the 
approval because in UK even artwork need to be approved everything needs to, even though 
those products are in market now since it’s being launched in our own name. Earlier it was in 
the name of distributors taking those approvals are taking time and there let’s say out of the 
basket of almost around 40, 50 productwe had just launchedsix, seven products. So, it will take 
maybe around a year’s time to get all the approvals in place and then launch everything. So, 
our own distribution will take some more time. So,I see that UK business will remain impacted 
maybe around at least three, to four quarters this will get remain impacted. If the distributors to 
whom we were supplying their current positions and all doesn’t improve and they start paying 
us in time we will not make supplies to them. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Just one on the subsidiary side if you can give clarity, about your subsidiaries what is in 
the performance and alsoduring the quarter? 
A.K. Jain: 
Subsidies wise if you look at we have, the overall numbers let say Bayshore Pharmaceuticals 
has overall done in first nine months a turnover of around 110 crore the distribution they are 
taking off the generics of other manufacturers and all, and they have contributed a loss of 
around 18 crore in this year. Onyx Pharmaceuticals has a good growth almost around the 98, 
99 crore turnover they have contributed and they have contributed a PBT of almost around 26 
crore in this year. So, very good profitability overall.Tropic Wellness has done business of 
around 61 crore and they have contributed almost around 14 crore to the PBT. The other 
companies are let’s say Pisgah we have started now, the business has started reviving now 
there. But overall in this year, they have contributed a loss of around 13 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofSwechha Jain from ANS Wealth.Kindly 
proceed? 
Swechha Jain: 
Sir, I have actually two questions about the recent acquisition that wemade in Lyka Labs. So, 
my first question was the company has Lykafacilities and we don’t have it. So, how do we plan 
to scale our Lyko business post this acquisition and also, they have recently expanded their 
Lykacapacity. So, what kind of turnover and margin you think this company can do at a full 
capacity?  
A.K. Jain: 
Lykais a listed company, and I would not like to comment on our call on Lyka, but, yes we 
have already started some kind of capacity debottleneckingand all that exercise is currently on 
and so, that will take some more time. And as far as our plan was there to integrate those all 
products in our market, where we are doing the branded promotions and all that and our 
hospital coverage in various country. So all those registration mapping and filing registrations 
and that process is going on. So that will definitely give us advantage in terms of addressing 
various country tenders and also give the advantage in terms of promoting those kind of 
injectables in ROW markets and all, and there business will grow. So, overall that’s the 
business plan. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Swechha Jain: 
Actually, I have one more question regarding this acquisition. So, the question was, old 
promoter still have a significant stake. So, what kind of management controldo we have or will 
we have over this company and do we intend to help them reduce the finance cost and raising 
working capital because what I understand is, we enjoy that advantage in the market whereas 
they have a high interest rates, like the debts at high cost. Just wanted to understand our 
reasoning?  
Harish Kamath: 
Madam these information’s are already given in our offer document. Okay, so whatever there 
ARC borrowings were there it was a very high rate of interest. Most of those borrowings are 
now repaid out of the funds what we made available to them. So that was given in our open 
offer document. So there cost of borrowing has substantially come down, right. And as far as 
the holding is concerned, the promoter family is holding just 20%.Debtors were holding even 
earlier also and our holding is slightly above the promoter family holding.  
Swechha Jain: 
Okay. So will we have a management control over that? 
Harish Kamath: 
That is madam already disclosed now. So once this open up for formalities which just got 
completed now, payment is pending post that we will be adding our Directors on their Board 
and we will be the promoter of that company. Those things are already made very clear in our 
open offer document under the SEBI takeover regulations.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofSurabhi Saraogifrom SMIFS Capital. Kindly 
proceed. 
Surabhi Saraogi: 
My question has been answered. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand Capital. 
Kindly proceed.  
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Sir, just want to clarify, did you give a guidance of 20% growth in revenue in quarter four? 
A.K. Jain: 
Yes, on a standalone basis that is right.  
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And sir the second thing I wanted to ask you is that your domestic growth has been pretty 
strong and well ahead of industry, and most other companies, is it because of some particular 
COVID related factors or something or it is something which is more structural, and can 
sustain for a fairly long time to come?  
A.K. Jain: 
We don’t have any COVID related product in our portfolio. So except that 
Hydroxychloroquine last year whatever sold, it was not a COVID drug, it’s it was repurposed 
for COVID. And so, that was the business mostly happen in the first three quarters in the last 
financial year, but in current year there is no COVID business as far as we are concerned. 
Overall, I would say that the whole for industry and for us also your acute portfolio has done 
really very well in the current year, because of high level of infections and cough and cold and 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
so many other issues and post COVID complications to many people’s and all that. So that has 
also helped overall for the better growth of your domestic market. But as far as if you look at 
past 8, 10 years, we have been continuously growing around one and a half times the overall 
market growth. So and that trend is perfectly continuing and in current year, because of the 
overall very good,overall seasonality and our promotions. And that has definitely helped us in 
achieving much better growth. So in first nine months of the current year, we have achieved 
almost around 31% kind of growth and in this quarter also, we had a significant growth of 
almost 23%. And overall, even the trend in the month of January was also significantly higher 
than what we have achieved overall up to now. So overall, let’s say business in domestic is 
very good. And the market growth was also good. I would say that and we expect that we will 
continue to beat the overall pharma market growth by around one and a half times. That’s our 
future guidance, but what kind of overall pharma market growth would remain and all that we 
will give the overall guidance only after the fourth quarter.  
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Sir, your ability to grow at 1.5 times the industry growth will be driven by extension of your 
product therapy targets or it will be more of mining the same pain and all those categories in 
which we are already doing so well. 
A.K. Jain: 
Let’s say by and large the business growth will come from the categories which we are already 
in. Like say 15 years back, 10, 15 years earlier back we were nowhere in the scene as far as the 
outsource for pain management business is concerned today almost around 48% of our 
business is coming from pain. We have built a lot of other therapies like Derma, we have built 
a neurology, we have built ophthalmology we are building. So all those newer therapies –
Neurologywe have built up. So those kinds of therapies are now under built up and we are 
further increasing in next financial year some more divisions on cardiac sides and on ortho 
side,so to further accelerate the overall growth.Our overall alignment to the growth market is 
also very good. We have a very small part maybe around 60, 70 crore of portfolio which is on 
decline phase, rest all are in the growth stage. So, overall portfolio alignment to the growth 
market is also very good in our case. And then we don’t have too many products in the market, 
our whole business philosophy is that to see that the product become big so, we don’t keep on 
adding too many products in a division we hardly add a product in a year or some line 
extensions if only some as a service product, but we don’t add too many product in the market 
because it’s basically the India market is highly crowded, in each segment you see every 
company in cardio diabetes will have three, four, five marketing divisions. So, the doctors who 
can really prescribe and give you more prescription, they are just not by the 25, 30 companies, 
but maybe around the 100 divisions of those companies. So, every therapy this is the kind of 
scenario. So, on base you have a focus around the product and very, very category,your 
conversion plans and retention plan, it’s very difficult to get the mindshare of doctor and then 
prescriptions fromthat. So, market is fiercelycompetitive and we have to remain focused. So, 
we don’t add too many product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naresh Goswami from Sameeksha 
Capital.Kindly proceed. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Naresh Goswami: 
Sir, I want to ask about the cash outflow tax this year and next year, not in terms of accounting 
tax if you have provided in the P&L but the cash flow percentage? 
A.K. Jain: 
Overall let’s say we are a net company and whatever net rate of tax is there that is what is the 
cash outflow in there, we are not up for the new rate of tax because still we have a lot of MAT 
credit lying in the books of accounts and some MAT credit is not in books of accounts, 
because earlier we were not recognizing the MAT credit as such. So, the overall we have 
currently after filing the last financial return, I have almost around 365 crore of MAT credit 
still remaining in the books overall, which is credit is there. So probably even the next 
financial year also and a year thereafter, we would continue to remain in the MAT and 
thereafter we will have opt for tax rate of 25% and the surcharge. So, that’s a broad guidelines 
I can give you at this level. Currently, let’s say provisions are made at the rate of 32%, 33% tax 
rates are there out of which some credit are utilized out of MAT and tax payment is around 
17%, 18% or so. After two years probably we will definitely be under the 25% kind of tax rate. 
Current outgo is maybe 18 so that will go to around 25% after two years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Kindly proceed. 
Nikhil: 
Just one question, on the promotional market. If we look at it like for last three, four years, our 
sales has been in a band of 350 to 400 crore,how do you see the market evolving and is it like 
for last two years has COVID been a big issue, COVID has been a big issue, but do you see the 
original growth rate of the market sustaining to what it was and any new markets which we are 
looking to enter? 
Harish Kamath: 
Nikhil, this kind of business get, promotional market business get impacted by a lot of factors. 
The country stability, the currency stability, that all impact and last few years even though we 
had a significant volume growth, overall the numbers has not, your revenue numbers has not 
grown to that an extent mainly because of CISmarket. The Roubleused to be around 33 to 35 
level, it went up to 70, 75 level, the prices in that market has not gone up 100% or maybe 
more, because you can increase prices only to the extent of inflation’s there. So, basically, that 
advantage got diluted had it Roubleremain at around that level probably the business would 
have been double and everything could have added to the margin. So, that has not happened. 
But in the meantime, we are building the business into other geography. Now, let’s say French 
speaking African markets are now becoming almost at par with the CEZ market. So CEZ 
business has in terms of overall number, even though the quantity maybe more than doubled 
there, but in terms of your overall revenue numbers has remained more or less at the similar 
kind of level. So, we have been growing around 15% year-on-year on this therapy and current 
year also, we expect that kind of growth excluding the exceptional business in last financial 
year, but on HydroxychloroquineChloroquine shipments to the various all these promotional 
market. So, current year also the business growth in these markets around 15% and for all of 
the year we expect that kind of growth to be there, but excluding that kind of exceptional 
business what we had on Chloroquine and Hydroxychloroquine in last financial year. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Nikhil: 
Okay. And secondly, on the subsidiary the number which you gave, just want to understand 
because if I separate the console and the standalone, a large part of the impact has been 
because of the subsidiary. So, any way where we are thinking of like, controlling the cost, 
because sales growth for last like even for like nine months, if we see the sales growth has 
been pretty good, but the cost has been significantly impacted. So, anything which you are 
thinking or is this the kind of performance will sustain? 
A.K. Jain: 
Current financial year the cost has definitely moved up. And it cannot be compared with last 
year because last year, there was hardly any kind of promotional cost were there and 
manufacturing costs because of overall inflation’s and energy cost and overall lot of external 
factors, shipping costs and all that has gone.Margins could have improved significantly, but 
material cost this year has significantly gone up, rates has significantly gone up in spite of that 
we could maintain the overall gross margin levels is only because of on continuous basis, the 
prices in the market and wherever the cost has gone up we have tried to see that how do we 
take the price increases and those kind of things, so overall the cost levels has definitely moved 
up as far as subsidies are concerned. Few subsidies are making very good profits and few are 
making losses. I would say that as far as your,(Inaudible)43:16is concerned that much better 
improvements will come in the next financial year. Ramdev also things have started 
improving. Onyx is doing very well we are further expanded there. And business growth will 
continue to remain very well. And as far as Bayshore is concerned is by and large a trading so 
it’s maybe some kind of one time some loss is there on Bayshore on account or one particular 
product, but that’s not a normal thing last year they made profit and the next financial year also 
they’re likely to make profit. And between the standalone and your console, the difference is 
just this is getting offset and there is a minor difference of two, three crores, the standalone 
profits are higher by few crores compared to the consolidated. 
Nikhil: 
Sir, what is this onetime loss in Bayshore if you can just? 
A.K. Jain: 
Basically some product related loss, it’s a trading some loss is there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofTushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial services. Kindly proceed. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on the other expenses which has been higher both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-
year and considering the logistics cost remaining at the elevated level. So 340 crores is kind of 
a run rate to gofor next few quarters or you see this number coming down 1Q FY23 onwards? 
Harish Kamath: 
Tushar more or less, whatever the other expenses are showed in the current quarter that run 
rate will continue.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
And then next year given that it will be more of a full-fledged marketing promotion expenses 
assuming COVID don’t come back then this whatever annual incremental increase can be 
expected? 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Harish Kamath: 
That is correct, right. So, this year whatever expenses are shown all field staff expenses are 
back to normal in the current nine month period. So, those expenses will also continue in the 
next financial year, plus whatever inflation related additional cost.  
A.K. Jain: 
If the things get normalized at China level and all that geopolitical risk is not there, logistic 
cost cannot continue to remain at these high level for a very long period of time, energy cost 
which has gone up probably it’s an exceptional thing which has happened in this year, it will 
remain some kind of elevated level, but some reduction would happen already coal cost has 
started coming down, but petroleum are still at high level. So, your AFOand all those cost is 
high. So, it all depends on a lot of the geopolitical issues and how China factor gets,but overall, 
I feel that one material cost wise, somewhere the price reductions will start coming in from the 
first quarter of the next year, the prices may go down a little.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Fair point sir. And just on Losartan while we’ve been validating the process and subsequently 
more or less we are done with in terms of removing of Azado impurities, but the existing 
products in the market that don’t carry any risk of recall and only right? 
Harish Kamath: 
No, there has been no recall.Today also many countries allow the old process Losartan. In 
many country pharma whatever the Azadoimpurities are not even included today.  
A.K. Jain: 
It’s only in the Europe,but following Europe a lot of customers has started taking the newer 
material. 
Harish Kamath: 
Even though their country requirement is such not there but they are asking for the lot which is 
not having this impurity. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. And just lastly, if I may ask on a institutional anti-malaria, so considering the nine 
month sales of almost about 240 crores and then we are guiding for 350. So the quantum in the 
fourth quarter is expected to be reasonably higher. That’s bass the new contracts which you 
have got or it’s more of a pending contracts which are to be executed more in 4Q? 
Harish Kamath: 
Mostly pending only Tushar, you can’t get a new contract and execute everything within three 
months,not possible.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Is there some kind of shipment? 
Harish Kamath: 
Shipment, deferment, delays because of container those things are also factored in.  
A.K. Jain: 
Projectable business in this quarter was lower because there was a media field and almost 
around. 
Harish Kamath: 
So, it is a planned shutdown. So, there was a production loss also because of that plant 
shutdown. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Dalian from DAM Capital.Kindly 
proceed. 
Parth Dalian: 
My first question pertains to the India business. Could you share some light on the growth of 
our domestic business for the next financial year given the high base for the company?  
Harish Kamath: 
Sorry, Mr. Jainhas already informed during our next quarter concall we will give guidance for 
the next financial year. So as far as this financial year and the last quarter of this financial is 
concerned, the guidance is already given.  
Parth Dalian: 
Okay, thank you and the second question would be on the NLEM share and the price hike. So, 
what is the current share of our India sales that falls under the price control? 
Harish Kamath: 
About 25% and whatever price increase will come because of this price index growth every 
company for that matter will take that kind of a price increase and we will also take from 1st 
April.  
A.K. Jain: 
Our calculation suggests that we may get around over 50 crore kind of price rise onAniline 
from 1st of April. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura.Kindly go 
ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, on the domestic market, what is the MR strength that you have and expansion plans, if you 
can talk about? 
A.K. Jain: 
We have currently around 5000 MRsand probably the three more divisions we are heading. So, 
next year, the overall expansion may be around 700 to 800 more people.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. And sir this expansion is primarily sort of aimed at reaching more doctors and more 
geographies, that seems to be the focus right sir? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let say ortho, the rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis and all the pain segment is our focus 
area and we have significant market share and leadership there, we want to further fortify that 
and therefore, we are adding one more division on our ortho site. So that’s one particular step 
we are taking and on cardiovascular front also the CTD range is doing very well and CTD 
brand, with that brand almost stretching around, around 130 crore in current year with our 
reach is increasing with the cardiologist and overall in that market and therefore, to en-cash 
that we are further adding people and also at the high end cardiology we are adding another 
division which will have a lesser number of people. So, there are two divisions are being added 
on cardio, cardio diabetes side and one in ortho side. So, that will be the expansion in next 
year. So, overall range from 5000 currently may go up to around 5700 or 5800.  

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Correct, sir the growth that you are witnessing I’m just wondering if it is possible to sort of 
plate out like how much of it is coming from let say a new prescriptions that you’re generating 
from a new doctor sorry, versus higher prescriptions from existing doctors? 
A.K. Jain: 
Practically everywhere 80:20 principles work so, 20% of doctors will give 80% of 
prescription, what is our focus remain is we try to convert one product prescribe into two 
product prescriber, two into three, three into four, but the major business what you get is from 
the core doctors, if I get Zerodol prescription from ortho, that has much more value compared 
to a Zerodol prescription from a GP, because the ortho can write if he’s writing my product, he 
can write 25 prescription compared to a GP writing one prescription. So, whole focus is on 
core. So, whether its cardiology or all so it’s doesn’t matter that if more number of doctors 
prescribing compared to that if a core doctor prescribes that our business multiplier effect is 
much more. So, our focus is around core. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Right. So, would you say 80% of your let say Zerodol prescription would be coming from 
ortho specialists? 
A.K. Jain: 
Let’s say Zerodol all is covered by various specialties, ortho is one of them and ortho is the 
major prescribers. 
Harish Kamath: 
Dental is there,ENT is there. 
A.K. Jain: 
Yes, so practically and even in Zerodol even considering positions because the people with 
low back pen kind of issues or maybe soft tissue, pain problem and all will not reach to ortho. 
So, each product wise in that also there is a sub segmentations are there. So maybe one those 
kind of product, consulting conditions becomes a major prescriber. So it’s all depend on each 
product offering and who are the core for that particular product offering.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Right. And sir just one more question strategically, you seem to be sort of developing strong 
relationships with some of these specialists. So, why not sort of launch more products, you 
mentioned that you’re very selective in the product to launch. So, how do you leverage these 
relationships, either through acquisition or your own launches, any thoughts there to sort of, go 
beyond like two or three big brands which are anyway doing very well for you? 
A.K. Jain: 
We leverage relationship like say ortho we have built a very strong relationship. And there is a 
limitation to add the products in the existing divisions and therefore we are starting a new 
division and new divisions will ever faster success rate because of existing relationships. 
Similarly, we are building a very strong franchisee now in cardiac. So, we are now leveraging 
that through aiding more division so that, but we will continue to remain focus on the products 
because the market is fastly competitive, you can’t relax. Otherwise, you will also start losing 
the existing businesses becauseif you go and talk of 10 products to doctors, he may not 
remember one, it’s very difficult because he is also hard pressed and that there are en-number 
of reps chasing to a prescriber. So, if you are focused, then you get a good amount of 
prescriptions. And then you keep on converting one product prescriber to two product, two 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
product to three products, five products, six product subscriber and that’s how you start 
gaining the significant amount of businesses. So, then those kind of doctors becomes a core 
doctors to you. So, then we monitor each core doctors who are writing for us that no visit 
should be missed and we continuously guide them which are the product to be prescribed to 
them. So, and all those kinds of things are continuously monitored, each doctor wise they are 
monitored by the company.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod K and Individual Investor.Kindly 
proceed. 
Vinod K: 
My question is regarding your recent investment in company called Lyka Lab. And there you 
mentioned that you want to enter into lucrative lyophilized injectable business. So, sir I just 
want to understand like, how big is this opportunity for IPCA and how you want to grow 
further in this space? 
Harish Kamath: 
It is too early to say how big is the opportunity and there is lots of gestation period also in 
building this business, what we will be now initially doing is to register the products which are 
one of Lyka in the ROW market while we are operating through our own field force. We are 
doing that branded business in about 40 countries in CIS, Latin America, Africa, Southeast 
Asia and all. So, that is our initial work what we will be doing, but it takes time actually you 
develop a product, you file a Dosia registration, there could be inspection triggered, 
registration takes time. So, it is a business having a lot of gestation period, but we have already 
started that work and that was our interest in acquiring this company. 
A.K. Jain: 
Lykadebottlenecking they are doing by way of further expanding that lyophilization capacities 
and all, so that work is going on it will take some more time.  
Vinod K: 
That’s fine, sir but from opportunity side’s point of view of how you see, short medium or long 
term? 
A.K. Jain: 
Those question Lyka will have to reply, it’s a listed company we will not reply for Lyka. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Kindly 
proceed.As there is no response, we are moving on to the next question. The next question is 
from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Emkay Global.Kindly proceed.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So just one clarity on the MAT credits, sir you mentioned we have 360 crore MAT credit till 
the last income tax filing. So, I believe that for FY22 we’ll be using roughly 180 crore out of 
that and then for FY23 would be 180 crores utilization roughly 15% of our PBT in each of the 
year. So wouldn’t you say that in FY24 we’ll be back to the new regime of 25%.  
Harish Kamath: 
Broadly, Mr. Jain said next two financial year that is FY23 And FY24. More or less we should 
be in the MAT only. So post that we may go for the new regime that was told actually. 

 
IPCA Laboratories Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
No, but does that assume that some of the off book, MAT credit you will be able to utilize 
because the math is not basically adding up if we had 360 crores MAT credit and we’ll be 
utilizing 180 corona for FY22 and 180 crore for FY23 then for FY23 we’ll need to utilize of 
book MAT credit something like that? 
A.K. Jain: 
Overall credit is around 360 crore out of which some credit will be utilized in current financial 
year. And major part of that will be utilized in next financial year thereafter, because there are 
some kind of incentives are still there on particularly on Sikkim. So, one plant that deduction is 
going away for 10 years are completed,second plant is still there. So, it’s not as simply 
numerical that half will be utilized this year and half will be utilized next year, it will depend 
on whole amount of tax calculations which are the incentives which are still available. So, I 
would say that March 22, and March 23, probably in two years the whole credit may be 
utilized, whatever remaining credits are there that may, because once you opt for the new 
regime those credits will lapse, and therefore we are not a lot of credits which are not there in 
books, because earlier we were not accounting, we are not taken those credits in books, 
because we really don’t know today that how much of those credits will get laps it all depends 
on CAPEX calculations and overall profitability and what kind of overall incentives are 
available and all that. But definitely, your current year as well as next year, we are on MAT 
and thereafter, even if there are credits left and this is small credit, probably that will lapse 
because once you are opting for new tax regime, neither you can have incentive nor you can 
utilize the past credit. So that will all that and we have made a provision on deferred tax also in 
the books at a higher rate because current rate of tax since we are at 33% now, because we 
have not opted so some kind of those deferred tax credit will also get reversed in books. And 
that figure maybe around 80, 90 crore or so, that deferred tax liability will get reversed. I don’t 
have right now the exact calculation, but broadly I’m telling you, right now these are the 
numbers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
floor over to the management for closing comments. 
Harish Kamath: 
Hope we have already, whatever questions were asked, we have already answered I don’t think 
there is anything further to add to what we said. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us.And you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
