 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited 
Corporate Office: Wockhardt Towers, Level — 3, West Wing, C-2, G-Block, Bandra — Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051. Tel: +91 22 4095 9595 I Fax: +91 22 4095 9597. 
Registered Office: 14A, South Phase, Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai – 600 032, Tamil Nadu, India. Tel: +91 44 4852 4666 I Fax: +91 44 4852 5666. 
Website: www.stfc.in I Corporate Identity Number (CIN) — L65191TN1979PLC007874 
 
 
  SEC/FILING/BSE-NSE/21-22/68A-B 
                                           January 28, 2022 
 
 
 
BSE Limited     
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 511218 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/1, G- Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: SRTRANSFIN 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub.: Transcript of investors earnings call for the third quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
Further to our letter dated 25th January 2022, regarding the audio link of the investors earnings call for 
the third quarter ended December 31 2021, we enclose herewith the transcript of the said call. The 
Transcript is also been uploaded on the Company website www.stfc.in 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
VIVEK ACHWAL 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.:a/a. 
 

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“Shriram Transport Finance 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMESH REVANKAR - VICE CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
- 
SHRIRAM 
TRANSPORT 
FINANCE 
MR. 
SUDARSHAN 
HOLLA 
– 
JOINT 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE 
MR. P SRIDHARAN - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE 
MR. NILESH ODEDARA - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE 
MR. SUBRAMANIAN SUNDER - JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE 
MR. PARAG SHARMA- JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE 
MR. SANJAY MUNDRA - SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to Shriram Transport Finance Q3 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Umesh Revankar, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director and CEO; Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, Sir! 
Umesh Revankar: 
Thank you. Good morning friends and good evening to those who have joined from the 
western part of the world. A warm welcome to all of you who have joined this call. I hope 
all of you are healthy and safe. Today we have our Joint Managing Directors, Sudharshan, 
Sridharan, Nilesh, Sunder and Parag along with me and Mr. Sanjay who is our IR head. 
 
Friends let me first go through economic updates then let me come to the results. India saw 
rising economic activity in October and November from the back of decline in new COVID 
cases; however, the emergence of new variant led to some restrictions including night 
curfew in some cities towards the end of December. However, a heartening feature of the 
third wave is lower serious hospitalization and fewer casualties. This led to very mild 
restriction on people and vehicle movements in January 2022, which have not majorly 
impacted overall economy so far and also new cases have been decreasing in the major 
cities like Mumbai and Delhi for the past few days pointing to better days ahead. 
 
The government announced several policies to support Indian economy in regaining the 
momentum. The excise duty on the fuel was reduced to curb inflationary pressures. The 
central government announced relaxation of additional market borrowing by states 
equivalent to 0.5% of the Gross State Domestic Product for strengthening their capex 
spend. And Rs. 20,900 Crores was released under PM Kisan Scheme to boost the rural 
economy. 
 
The RBI continued to come out with positive statements and initiatives. RBI introduced 
PCA framework for NBFC which will come into effect from October 2022. We at Shriram 
Transport are currently compliant with said norms and will continue to be within the norms 
after our proposed merger with Shriram City Union Finance. 
 
As a result of all above factors, we continue to expect Indian GDP growth to clock 9.5% for 
fiscal 2022 in line with RBI estimates. In line with same several economy indicators were 
positive in the past quarter. The PMI increased from 53.7 in September to 55.9 in October 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 25 
and 57.6 in November before slightly moderating to 55.5 in December hence remaining 
above expansion mark of 50 reflecting stable demand. The IIP was slightly up being 4.5% 
and 1.4% in October and November reflecting nascent recovery. The GST collection 
continued to be bouyant being Rs 1.3 lakhs crores in October, Rs 1.31 lakhs crores in 
November, and Rs 1.29 lakhs crores in December so that is up to 24%, 25%, and 13% 
respectively on year-on basis. 
 
Coming to the auto industry commercial vehicle sales marginally increased to 194,712 units 
in Q3 as against 193,034 units in Q3 2021 and higher compared to 166,251 units in Q2. The 
Heavy and Medium Commercial Vehicles segment which indicates the robustness of the 
economy showed positive growth with 60,349 units against 49,473 units in the same period 
in the previous year. LCV numbers were flat year-on-year basis but showed a good demand 
all over the geographies. 
 
Coming to Shriram’s current quarter’s performance we clocked a disbursement of Rs 
15,489 Crores including Rs 574 Crores towards new vehicles and Rs 14,820 crores towards 
used vehicles compared to the total disbursement of Rs 12,606 crores in the previous year. 
The AUM was Rs 124,602 Crores compared to Rs 114,932 Crores in the previous year. Net 
Interest Income was Rs 2,388 Crores in Q3 against Rs 2,148 Crores in Q3 last year an 
increase of 11.17% year-on-year. Net Interest Margin was 6.65% against 6.44% in the 
previous quarter due to improvement in cost of funds. 
 
The Profit after Tax was Rs 681 Crores in Q3 compared to Rs 728 Crores in Q3 previous 
year and Rs 771 Crores in Q2 in the current year. Earnings Per Share stood at Rs 25.26 
against Rs 29.54 in the previous year. The collections were consistently good in the month 
of October, November and December. It was 102.32%, 100.14%, and 101.06% of the total 
demand respectively. 
 
Collection for Q1, Q2 and Q3 were 91%, 99%, and 101.17% of the amount respectively. 
The gross Stage 3 NPA stood at 8.4% compared to 7.11% in the previous year and 7.82% in 
Q2 FY2022. The net Stage 3 NPA stood at 4.36% compared to 4.31% of previous year and 
4.18% in Q2 2022. 
 
There was 80% increase in gross Stage 3 and 47 basis points increase in net Stage 3 due to 
revised process of NPA classification based on RBI circular dated November 12, 2021. Had 
the company followed earlier method the Profit before Tax for the quarter and nine months 
ended December would have been higher by 354.75 Crores. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
Our liquidity position now stands at Rs 17,319 Crores against Rs 17,228 Crores in the 
previous year. The board has suggested us to continue with higher liquidity due to COVID 
wave 3. We still are confident of double-digit growth for the full year as we see a good 
credit demand coming in the fourth quarter. 
 
The cost to income ratio was 19.70% in the current quarter. We are likely to maintain the 
same for the rest of the period. We added nine branches which now stand at 1834 and in 
terms of employee strength we added 362 new employees through business associate 
method. During the quarter the company has not considered any additional credit loss for 
COVID and so far we have done Rs 2,852.50 Crores of the total provisioning. 
 
On the external front, we have applied to all concerned regulators on the merger front. The 
credit rating agencies are already updated. Mr. Parag would you give updates on the rating 
and new fund raise and on cost of funds. Parag, please take. 
Parag Sharma: 
Good morning. I will cover up on the liabilities front first. One is the mobilization for the 
quarter has been similar to the mobilization in the previous quarter, the securitization as 
indicated earlier closer to Rs 5,000 Crores level, it was Rs 4,800 crores for this quarter, 
which includes assignment transaction of Rs 500 Crores. 
 
Rest of the sources, are retail deposits, domestic bonds, and bank borrowing which is 
almost Rs 2500 Crores level each. On the overall liabilities, the cost share has come down 
by 11 basis points for the quarter and if you compare with March 2021, it has come down 
by around 50 basis points. 
 
We do expect some benefit on cost of funds to be there for coming quarter also. There could 
be some reduction. On the liquidity buffer has already indicated we are carrying Rs 17,300 
Crores of liquidity buffer. Maturity is for next three months which includes a dollar bond 
repayment in February is Rs 14,000 Crores, January we have already raised dollar bond of 
US$ 475 million which will take care of liquidity to be maintained at higher levels. Post 
March we will review our liquidity position and try to reduce it if situation is normalized. 
 
On ALM front we continue to have all buckets positive and up to one year the cumulative 
surplus will be around Rs 16,000 Crores. HQLA is 165% against statutory requirement of 
50%. On rating, I think post our announcement we reached out to all the rating agencies 
including international rating agencies and all the rating agencies have given a stable 
outlook for Shriram Transport considering the merger, which will be there after eight or 
nine months. I think I will hand over to Sunder now. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 25 
Subramanian Sunder: 
On the employee front around 95% of our employees have been vaccinated with at least one 
dose of COVID vaccine and close to 75% with both the doses of COVID vaccine. Coming 
to the provisioning part as you are aware that RBI had come out with a clarification circular 
on November 12, 2021, wherein they had two major factors implicating the financials, one 
was the upgradation of NPA assets into standard assets only on recovery of the entire 
overdues which Shriram was anyway already compliant and we did not have any impact on 
that account and the second component was the daily stamping of NPAs which the 
company was earlier doing on quarterly basis. Now RBI had stipulated that it should be 
done on a daily basis which the company started following effective November 12, 2021 
due to which there has been an increase in the NPAs to the extent of Rs 946 Crores and had 
we followed the earlier methods the profits would have been higher by around Rs 354.75 
Crores hence the provision would have been lesser. 
 
The gross Stage 3 and NPA both currently are at 8.4% as against 7.62% had we followed 
the earlier norm. We have increased our coverage to 50.25% as against 48.57% in Stage 3 
primarily because due to an increased in the management overlay. 
 
The LGD continues to be at 45%. It was at 45.1% in the previous quarter. Stage 1 assets 
were 79.99% as against 79.39% in the previous quarter and stage 2 was 11.61% as against 
12.79% in the previous quarter and we are maintaining an excess coverage over and above 
the RBI requirement to the extent of Rs 6,541 Crores and the share of profit from our 
associate Shriram Automall was Rs 5.4 Crores in the current quarter. 
 
With this I have covered most of the data points which have been missed out by the CFO 
and CEO. 
Umesh Revankar: 
We will throw open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman we will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Abhiram Iyer from Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
First what I wanted to ask was a bit of clarity on the higher provisioning and the difference 
in Stage 3 assets due to RBI circular. You mentioned that this is primarily due to daily 
recognition versus what the company used to do on a quarterly recognition, but from the 
company’s perspective the result is still announced on the end of quarter 31st December, so 
it does not matter what you recognize as NPAs on December 30, or December 31 because 
ultimately it is a point in time so could you just explain the mechanism on how exactly this 
contributed to an increase in Stage 3 assets. Question 2 was primarily around delinquencies, 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 25 
could you just us know what sort of percentages of 0 to 30, 30 to 60 and 60 to 90 
delinquencies and how this is compared to the previous quarter? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Coming to the first question I will just give you an example. Supposing there is a due for a 
customer on December 5, and he skips the December 5 due date and makes the payment of 
that particular installment on December 7. So December 7, he is at 60 days bucket, but on 
December 5, he had held 90 day bucket and as per the earlier recognition norms as on 
December 31, since he was at 60 day delinquency bucket, he was not treated as a stage 3. 
However, now RBI says that you need to do a daily stamping, at end of day processing so 
by which this particular borrower has been classified as an NPA on December 5, and he will 
be continued to be classified as a nonstandard asset till he reaches the entire overdue and 
hence there is an impact on the financial and also the Stage 3. When it comes to the 
bucketing, anyway the Stage 1 is close to 80% and Stage 2 is 11%. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
I can see Stage 2 seems to be lower than previous quarters so could you sort of help me 
understand is this because the loan quality of the assets have been going up, the loan quality 
of the borrowers as well? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Once is the collection has been good and second is because of this new RBI rule otherwise 
what would have been Stage 2 would have gone into Stage 3. Already it would have 
remained in Stage 2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line Rikin Shah from 
Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Rikin Shah: 
Good morning Sir and thanks for the opportunity. I had three questions. First one was on 
the business front. I just wanted to understand our overall capacity utilization level for your 
customers and how the freight rates have moved vis-à-vis the fuel cost that is one. Second 
was related to the margin, if Parag could help with the incremental cost of funding and the 
overall cost of funding that would be helpful and as an extension to that the liquidity buffer 
that we are carrying which is around Rs.173 billion. Earlier we used to articulate that we 
would start trimming while COVID 3.0 wave is milder than expected. Just wanted to get a 
sense as what level we can kind of come down from April 1? The last question is on the 
asset quality while I understand that you may have to keep higher Stage 3 coverage to keep 
the net NPA below 4% but is there a scope to bring down the overage on to Stage 1 and 2 
loans which is around 130 basis points on how the pre COVID levels at least as per my 
calculation? Thanks. That is all from me. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 25 
Umesh Revankar: 
I will cover on the business front then I will hand over to Parag. As far as the credit demand 
our freight rates are concerned both are good. In fact idling of the vehicles are minimum 
now. The resale prices are better. The fuel price has come down because the government 
has reduced certain duties so it has come down by around 10% and that really helped the 
customers. The new trend is people are also moving actively into CNG either fully built 
CNG vehicle or putting a CNG kit on the vehicle, so this is seen in the area where CNG is 
available and not across the country because CNG availability is mostly in the western 
corridor, like Mumbai to Delhi corridor. Rest of the place CNG availability is not strong but 
government has promised to add 6,000 more CNG pumps across the country thereby the 
viability of the customers will be much better, those who are owning the CNG vehicle 
because the price difference is around 35% and the CNG will be less by 35% so that is the 
way the business may move, so people may get into CNG so business is very viable and 
business is available throughout the day. As far as the credit cost or stage 3 is concerned. 
When the RBI circular came when we had the first cut at the end of November it looked as 
if the Stage 3 will move up 120 basis points, but as we started communicating with the 
customers and our team about the change in the norm and making the customers realize that 
they will move into Stage 3 and they need to pay earlier then by December end the overall 
increase in Stage 3 came to around 80 basis point. With this exercise we are confident that 
by next quarter end, the Stage 3 will improve by another 80 to 100 basis points. That means 
from 8.4% we should be able to bring it down to around 7.5% to 7.6% it is basically 
communicating to the customer. Because many of the customer even though they know the 
due date they may pay one or two days late not realizing that it is going in to Stage 3 so this 
communication is something which are trying to make it clear to the customers, so I feel we 
are very confident because market is good business is good, the viability in the business is 
good, so we should be able to reduce significantly by the fourth quarter and as far as the 
provisioning is concerned we will look into Stage 2 and Stage at the end of Q4 because 
normally we do it annually. This exercise we will be doing and we will rework on the same. 
Riken Shah: 
Thanks and just on the funding cost and liquidity? 
Parag Sharma: 
So blended cost of whatever we have raised for the quarter will be around 7.25% with the 
overall cost at the end of December being at around 8.45% which used to be close to around 
8.97% as of March 2021. When it comes to liquidity buffer yes we used to carry around 
three months of liquidity requirement and if we go back to those levels the liquidity 
requirement will be around Rs 9,000 to Rs 10,000 Crores what we are currently carrying is 
more than Rs 17,000 Crores. I think this is two questions. When it comes to the reduction I 
was talking about because in September and December quarter it is around 11 basis points. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 25 
It was 8.56% as of September end and it is 8.45% now. The incremental cost is between 
7.25% and 7.5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanket Chheda from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Sir my question was on particularly on write off, so first what was the amount of write off. 
From the back calculation I suggest that it was around Rs 450 Crores so we had a total 
improvement of about 2 billion in a way if we put Stage 3 and Stage 2 compare it to last 
quarter Stage 3 and Stage 2 in the new method, but the write off was even higher than that 
so the comment was that earlier you expected 120 BPS and later it went down to 80 BPS 
but since that it was higher either if the write off was taken from Stage 3 or even it was 
taken from Stage 2, the overall quantum was still higher and there is no improvement per se 
even if the collection efficiencies are going up, so as a total pool from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
there is no inherent improvement if we include the write offs? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
The total provision and write offs in the current quarter was Rs 984 Crores, out of which 
write off bad debt written off on settled contract were Rs 453 Crores and balance Rs 530 
Crores was allocated to the provisions which we have made and on account of the change in 
norms it was Rs 354.75 Crores and the balance even though there was a write back because 
of the dip on the quarter on quarter pre RBI circular by close to 20 basis points. It was 7.82 
it came down to 7.62 as per the earlier norms. Technically there would have been a write 
back but management had prudently taken an additional management overlay and that 
increases with overall provision to Rs 530 Crores that is the reason. 
Sanket Chheda: 
My question if the write off was Rs 450 Crores then there was no inherent improvement or 
things which we were saying that the impact was 80 bps maybe it was more but it looks less 
because of the write off. 
Subramanian Sunder: 
If you analyze each quarters numbers, there will be a write off close to Rs 350 Crores to Rs 
450 Crores quarter-on-quarter and those are attributed to the settled contract during that 
particular period and further if you analyze it around 40% of the total write offs are 
contributed by the performing standard assets wherein the company gives certain waiver of 
interest as a goodwill gesture and to retain the customers for repeat business so that 
contributes to 30% to 40% of the overall write off and the other write off which we take is 
on account of cases which are in stage 3 and if you see the historical LGD it is in the range 
of 30% to 45% because of the COVID now it is elevated but that is what is the percentage 
of write off which is required for an asset to settle when it is in stage 2 so these have 
contributed to that but having said that we still maintain that post the COVID we have seen 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 25 
a marked improvement in the collection figures as stated by our MD earlier also. It is now 
101% in the current quarter as against 98% and 99% in the previous quarter so we see an 
improvement in the collections and we are confident that going forward our NPA levels will 
further come down. 
Sanket Chheda: 
One thing on disbursements now we have done almost a similar kind of disbursement what 
they did in last quarter and even in Q4 whereas the tailwinds due to this festivity should 
have reflected with a slightly higher disbursement number coming out so how do you rate 
it. Is it muted, particularly a relative analysis also that appears what kind of disbursement 
they are doing in terms of quarter-on-quarter and how we are sure that we will comfortably 
achieve double digit growth by the end of Q4 some light on that? 
Umesh Revankar: 
We are seeing bigger demand for new vehicle and bigger ticket size on heavy vehicle. That 
will give us a little momentum on lending so volume will definitely be higher compared to 
Q3 because of the bigger ticket size and the new vehicle demand and heavy vehicle and 
including construction equipment. We expect that the budget will be focused on 
infrastructure and therefore there will be immediate demand for infrastructure related 
vehicles and equipment so this is the expectation so AUM growth as of December is 8.41%, 
so we are still aiming at double digit. We may be little short of double digit but still our 
fourth quarter will be quite big adjustment I can say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of from Radhika Lohia from Mirae Asset. 
Please go ahead. 
Radhika Lohia: 
My questions have been answered thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Subramaniam from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikram Subramaniam: My question is regarding the Stage 3 provision cover and LGD under the new norms, so 
you have provided provision analysis in the presentation where you have given Q3 FY2022 
Stage 3 and all asset quality parameters both on the old norms and the new norms. Under 
the earlier norms your provision coverage remains at the same 48% in Q2, but under the 
new norms it is increasing to 50%. Why would that be the case because LGD should remain 
ideally the same or in fact even improved given that the increase in Stage 3 under new 
norms just because of daily stamping so probably they are slightly better quality customer 
than the normal NPAs. Why would PCR Stage 3 PCR increase or am I missing something 
there? 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 25 
Subramanian Sunder: 
We resource the LGD on a yearly basis and the next review is due in the month of March 
2022. Having said that our LGD has remained more or less constant but for that across the 
product some variation if you recollect the previous quarter LGD was 45.10. Now it has 
become 45. It has improved in fact by 10 business point based on the product allocation and 
answering your specific question in the increase in the coverage. As we had mentioned in 
the start of the call, itself that we have taken an additional management overlay to ensure 
that the next Stage 3 remains under control. Our target which we have been indicating 
earlier also that we want to keep less than 4% as on March 2022 and hence to achieve that 
management is taking additional coverage over and above the LGD requirement and hence 
it has crossed 50% of the current quarter. 
Vikram Subramaniam: I just asked that to assess if we are expecting some kind of sticky credit losses or NPAs 
from the daily stamping movement and another additional question so the impact during 
this quarter due to the new norms is close to Rs 350 odd Crores why could not we have 
drawn it down from the existing management overlay? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
We could have done that but that would have ensured that our net NPA was closer to 4.5% 
which we did not want that to do it and hence we had taken an additional management 
overlay over and above that. See our objective is to reduce the net NPA to 4% by March 
2022 to achieve that we need to take additional management overlay. 
Vikram Subramaniam: Okay got it Sir. Just one last question. You had mentioned that you had reached out to the 
credit rating agencies post merger announcement and all of that. What has been the 
feedback if any from them regarding the merger and how they view it? 
Parag Sharma: 
Rating agencies I think they are okay and in fact one of the questions rating agencies would 
definitely like to have diversity of assets which can be achieved by this merger. We will 
have multiple assets that simplicity of business is addressed through diversity, so that 
should be positive for the rating agency other than that because of the size of the entity 
which is getting merged relatively small. There are not much concerns from the rating 
agency point of view. In fact our entity Shriram City Union which is getting merged was 
rated one notch lower and now all the rating agencies have put that entity on a rating watch 
positive. More or less all rating agencies are okay with the numbers and the merged balance 
sheet how would it look like. I have no concerns from rating agencies. 
Vikram Subramaniam: Okay got it Sir. I just asked because there is identifiable promoter’s stake is slightly 
reducing after the merger so has there been any feedback on that that is what I wanted to 
know? 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 25 
Umesh Revankar: 
No. There is no mention on that. The rating agencies are more looking at the business 
viability and the overall asset quality. They normally do not comment on the owner’s equity 
holding so either the robustness of the business is what they are focused on. As Parag 
rightly said they are more comfortable of multiproduct business rather than a Monoline 
business so Monoline business due to technicality they feel there are ups and downs so that 
is the comfort they derive out of the multiproduct company. So overall they are quite 
positive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Congrats on the quarter. Just have a couple of questions. Firstly has the portfolio 
composition of vehicles changed in the past two years? Have we moved to higher tonnage 
vehicles within the HCV segment? So that is my first question. The second one is out of the 
two million customers on book how many of them are taking a loan from Shriram for the 
first time and has this ratio changed over the past few years, so that is it from my end? 
Umesh Revankar: 
See the competition of vehicles depending upon how the new sales happen, it keeps 
changing. For example, the capacity of the vehicle has been increasing over the period. 
Earlier 10 wheelers which carry around 70 tons was the largest vehicle, but now with 
additional tonnage being allowed, 15% additional tonnage being allowed. A 54 ton gross 
that is going to be which carries around 42 tons that is going to be the vehicle so if you look 
at the new sales. Most of the new sales are happening at 16-wheeled vehicle which are 
earlier 49 ton now 54 ton, so the capacity or the size of the vehicle is increasing and 
according to our portfolio also it keeps changing a little. Even in the ICV segment earlier 
the maximum ICV carrying weight would be around 7.5 tons, now ICV they carry up to 9.5 
tons, so today’s ICV are nothing but the earlier MCV the medium and heavy and so there is 
a change in way the products are changing therefore there is some movement in our 
portfolio so the ticket size and the vehicle is changing. 
Piran Engineer: 
If I may just stop you here. This should happen for us with a lag of 5, 6, 7 years right so if it 
is happening we will be in 2027-2028 we get that benefit of migration of tonnage and also 
after the actual load norms would we have not seen the tonnage going down rather than up 
per vehicle because now you can carry move load on the vehicles so I am a bit confused 
here? 
Umesh Revankar: 
You are right. What happens is when I am saying the vehicle carrying capacity has gone up 
and also it is not that after 5 or 7 years we get to finance used vehicle sometimes it comes 
within second year or third year. If the ownership changes because if somebody is taking a 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 25 
loan from a bank and if the ownership changes there than for that second hand vehicle you 
need finance so vehicle can come to us in the second or third year also and we also finance 
new vehicles. It is not that we do not finance new vehicle and as far as the tonnage is 
concerned you are right. The tonnage is not coming down. The tonnage is only increasing. 
People are preferring more and more heavier vehicle because of the fuel cost. As the fuel 
cost goes up people prefer to carry on a larger vehicle because if you carry 30 ton or 45 ton 
they fuel cost is going to be same so the preference would be to take the higher vehicle. 
Piran Engineer: 
Understood and Sir the other question on customers on the book? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Customers on. 
Piran Engineer: 
Sir out of 2 million customers that we have how many existing and how many are taking a 
loan from Shriram for the first time? 
Umesh Revankar: 
It remains 30% to 40% of the customers will be always new and the rest of them will be 
repeat customers. When I say repeat customers people who have one vehicle will be buy a 
second vehicle or he will upgrade to new vehicle so customer will remain in the same 
segment throughout. He will keep upgrading or keep adding so the new to Shriram will be 
around 30% to 35%. 
Piran Engineer: 
And this has always remained feeblish? 
Umesh Revankar: 
It depends. When there is a credit growth expansion is very far. When the economy growth 
is very fast then the new customer would be around 40% because more people will come 
into this business and more may be driver would like to upgrade into new vehicle because 
of being owner because of the opportunity that creates so basically difference is how the 
economic activity is so current level it was 30% to 35%, but when economy revives fully it 
can be 40%. 
Piran Engineer: 
Sir if I may just squeeze in a last question for the CFO just wanted to understand percentage 
of proportion of bonds are maturing in FY2023 and at what interest cost? Thank you. 
Parag Sharma: 
Roughly around on maturity it is three to four years so we have total bonds outstanding as 
of now close to around Rs.20,000 Crores so one-third of which will mature in the current 
year in 2023 and cost wise it will be around 100 basis points more than what we are 
borrowing as of now. 
Piran Engineer: 
Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Kochar from Mirae Asset. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Good morning Sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sir just wanted to understand on this 
RBI daily stamping norms how does it impact the BAU slippages and credit cost therein? 
Whatever you provided is a onetime reset for the existing book but going forward given that 
this has to be continued do you see any sort of impact on slippages and hence credit cost? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Whatever RBI has announced whether is 180 days or subsequent stringent norms of 90 days 
now coming to the daily stamping and other things, it will have a momentary impact in the 
financial but historically if you see our freight losses have been around 2% which in the 
long term we are confident that we will be achieving this thing. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
In that back backdrop I think Umesh Sir commented that we would like to bring the Stage 3 
down to 7.5% to 7.6% so yields will it be driven by write offs or you expect to recover from 
existing Stage 3 customers? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
We expect recovery from the Stage 3 customers and the correction efficiency has improved 
over the last couple of quarters we are confident that the gross Stage 3 will automatically 
come down and the daily stamping also since it has been sensitized to our business team as 
well as the customers in turn by them so there will be a natural reduction in the gross NPAs 
in the next couple of quarters. 
Umesh Revankar: 
For example, if somebody has a due date on 5th of the month and earlier he felt that he has a 
time to pay it so there would have been some relaxation within his attitude to pay where he 
can use that money for something else. Now when we communicate to him that it will be 
stamped as Stage 3 account then he would rather pay before the due date or on due date 
rather than delaying it so it is the only way communication that is what is important. Since 
we did not have much time when RBI came out with the clarification, we could not 
communicate and as I was telling you our earlier estimation was around 120 then it has 
come down to 80 and we feel that it will come down further so when it comes down further 
we have another three months to go another two months to go rather by March 31, 2022 we 
should be able to bring down to around 7.6% or 7.6% level. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Understood Sir. Sir the next question is on liquidity just extending from where Riten left the 
liquidity seems to be high so any plans to trim down the liquidity levels. I think earlier you 
talked about trimming it down post September but then December it is still at elevated 
levels so any plans of trimming that down given that the impact of the third wave is not 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 25 
very high by 4Q just wanted to understand your thoughts on the excess liquidity that we are 
carrying? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Definitely yes. We would like to bring it down but this time the board members felt that it is 
better to be cautious and wait for the impact of third wave to be fully seen so till March we 
will be continuing with the same, but post March definitely we would like to bring down 
the high liquidity levels so that there is positive impact on the net interest margin and as 
Parag, briefed you, our cost of borrowing is also coming down Q-o-Q so that is also 
positive for us. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Right understood Sir and Sir my last question is with respect to the Stage 3 the total that 
you have quoted is 8.4% how much of this would be let us say less than 90 days DPD? I 
understand that some customers would have paid EMI on a delay, some customers would 
have been 60 plus but because of daily stamping they are still marked as NPA because they 
need to clear all three EMIs so what portion of this Stage 3 would be 90 days or less than 90 
days overdue? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
It is Rs.956 Crores so that is nothing but in the provision sheet if you see the difference 
between the Rs.10,000 odd Crores and the next column so it is Rs.956 Crores, which are 
less than Stage 3 but they have been classified as Stage 3 because of the daily stamping. 
Umesh Revankar: 
All our lending is against the asset so we have underlying asset so as Sunder rightly put it 
the net credit cost for us over the period will not be more than 2%. Temporarily for 
technical reason, it will go up and then may come down so what we need to see is the 
business model. The business model will tell you over the 10 years that our credit cost in 
this business model has been 2% and it will remain around that. Sometimes it may go up 
and down because of technical reason and because of some new way of looking at the NPA. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Understood Sir and so in that just to get for FY2023 your credit cost guidance remain at 2% 
that has not changed because of the RBI norms? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes. It will not change. We are confident that it will be around 2%. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Great Sir. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raja Kumar V an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 25 
Raja Kumar V: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I have a couple of questions. The first question is on the tie 
up with Ashok Leyland one of your subsidiaries had tied up with Ashok Leyland so I just 
wanted to know what benefits Shriram Transport is going to get in particular with reference 
to scrappage policy and the second question is I also see that the resale value of the trucks 
have gone up because of the increase in steel so just wanted to know how Shriram has 
benefited in terms of sale of repossessed vehicle and if it is possible if you can give me the 
value of repossessed vehicle at the end of December? 
Umesh Revankar: 
The Automall has signed an agreement with both Ashok Leyland and BharatBenz. There 
are two points there. One is the unsold vehicle of the previous year which would be sold in 
the market and that is one and the second one is if they have exchange vehicle, if they are 
dealers or in exchange of a vehicle selling new vehicle against the used vehicle and these 
two stocks remains with either dealer point or at the manufacturer level so Shriram 
Automall is helping them in selling those vehicles and Shriram Transport will get benefit if 
the documentation is clean then we should be able to fund that vehicle so there is an 
understanding wherever the sale happens Shriram Transport executive will reach out and 
assess the vehicle and give his estimation of finance that can be given so that is the 
arrangement. The second one is the resale values have definitely gone up as rightly put it 
because of the steel value going up. The scrappage value has gone up. It has gone up by 
around 20% and in some cases it has gone up by around 30% so it depends upon the kind of 
the steel content in particular vehicle so the resale values have gone up which helps us in 
our portfolio quality. That means our underlying assets has much higher value than the 
outstanding amount so that helps us even in the credit cost if at all we have repossess and 
sell the loss would be minimum. 
Raja Kumar V: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishchint Chawathe from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nishchint Chawathe: 
I was just wondering the excess provisions that we made this quarter most companies and 
auditors would kind of opined that this is a change or the course or clarification from RBI 
on the NPA classification, it should not have any impact on the overall credit cost or the 
EPL should broadly be neutral so with that kind of a logic is it fair to say that the extra 
provisions that has got reversed in the next quarter when you will basically be resetting or 
reviewing your long term LGD period? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Every year in March we review our LGD. Definitely, we will relook at it at that time that is 
one and the second is your right that this is more of a technical and not actual so what we 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 25 
felt it is easier to maintain one set of books rather than trying to keep it two separate sets 
one as per the RBI requirements and another as per our normal accounting requirements. 
Therefore, we felt that it is better to have a straight line thinking that is one and second one 
is the, what I would like to say is the credit cost over the period should not change for the 
company. There will be temporary increase because of this and therefore may be two 
quarters from now it will come down to the regular level. 
Nishchint Chawathe: 
But the point is that it is PDs and LGDs are reset then in all possibilities you will see 
probably a reversal of this amount because technically this is supposed to be an EP neutral 
this has to be kind EP neutral that is the point I am trying to make? 
Parag Sharma: 
It will reverse over a period of time, agreed. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Then one more Nishchint  since we are also targeting 4% net as per the RBI requirement we 
wanted to make a progress towards that and as I was telling you since we are confident of 
bringing the Stage 3 to around 7.6% level even at this level, we will be less than 4%. 
Nishchint Chawathe: 
That is right and just if you could share the numbers the absolute percentages on PDs and 
LGDs for Stage 1 and two? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
LGD is 43% and PD for Stage 1 is 7.33% and PD for Stage 2 is 21.75%. This is as against 
45.10% in the previous quarter LGD, 7.34% PD for 12 months and 22.06% the PD for 
Stage 2 of the previous quarter. 
Nishchint Chawathe: 
Sir I thought you are going to reset it at end of the year right? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
This deference is primarily; we have different rates for different products. 
Nishchint Chawathe: 
The weighted average because of the order book position? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Because of that that changes. 
Nishchint Chawathe: 
Perfect. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you for taking my questions. Sir just two questions here, from what I understand we 
have taken conservative credit cost of provisions during the quarter because we guided for 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 25 
next Stage 3 of less than 4% and we also said that this is the RBI requirement so just 
wanted to understand what RBI requirement is this because at least the PCI guidelines that 
kind of came out PCI framework guidance talked about net NPAs of 6% so this net Stage 3 
requirement of less than 4% with some of your peers also will it allude to what RBI 
requirements is this that was question? The second question is for Parag? He has not been 
very active in doing assignment transactions and in the coming quarters will we be seeing 
more of assignment transactions in addition to the securitization or EPCs that we have been 
doing and the third question is for may be Sunder Sir so when we kind of classify these 
under new RBI guidelines will we classify these assets in the Stage 3 do we also end up 
taking interest income reversals or is this adjustment routed through the provision line item 
is what I kind of wanted to understand? Those are my three questions. 
Umesh Revankar: 
The first question is basically as you rightly put it for PCI the net NPA should be 6% or less 
but RBI has been consistently telling that large NBFCs they would prefer it to be less than 
4% so that the systematically important NBFCs are more prudent and more take the hit at 
earliest level so that there is overall health of the NBFC remain strong so that is more of an 
advice and we would like to adhere with that so that it helps us to project the company as a 
conservative company. 
Parag Sharma: 
On assignment verses securitization that depends more on the investor’s interest and 
assignments also brings in some kind of upfronting of income and all. In securitization it 
has more evened out so there is no kind of variations quarter on quarter basis. That is why 
securitization is a preferred product from our side also but it also depends upon investor’s 
interest. 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Answering your question whatever we have classified as Stage 3, based on the day 
stamping so we have tried to maintain the same provision as well as the income reversal 
even though the cases might have been in technically in Stage 2 after the earlier guideline. 
We continue to maintain the same provision coverage as well as the interest reversal also it 
is maintained based on the Stage 3 only even though it may be bucket wise it can be less 
than 90 also so we are more conservative in that approach. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you and Sir to that extent may be just last followup here? You have may be 
answered this already during this call but fair to assume that at least internally given that 
you have been building management all day, given that you are already holding COVID 
provisions while we might have to kind of maintain a higher provision cover in Stage 3 
because of our endeavour to keep it below 4% but fait to assume that going forward may be 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 25 
the next few quarters if things really start normalizing we can expect the provision cover on 
Stage 1 and Stage 2 kind of start coming down? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Correct. It is fair to assume. In the next couple of quarters if the gross NPA in gross Stage 3 
comes down below 7.5% or 7.7% levels definitely there will be a release of the 
management overlay. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sure Sir. Thank you so much wish you the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Thank you for the opportunity. We gather bit of a possible slowdown in rural demand so 
wanted to know your sense there and secondly just if you could just share the interest 
reversal number for the quarter and nine months? 
Parag Sharma: 
Interest reversal number I do not have it right now. I can ask Sanjay to say it across offline. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Sure Sir that will be fine. 
Umesh Revankar: 
As far as credit offtake is concerned you are right. First 15 days in January we did observe 
this slowdown because one is the virus and the second one is because normally in the first 
15 days because of the not the auspicious days people normally do not get into new activity 
so post 17th we have seen the demand picking up and we are confident because the Prime 
Minister has announced the Gati Shakti Yojana with a lot of emphasis on the logistics and 
infrastructure that is actually the disbursement or the actual plan has not come out fully till 
now and during the budget we feel the Finance Minister will emphasize on the same and 
February and March we will see heightened activity in this infrastructure sector. That is the 
expectation and therefore we are quite confident that disbursements will be much higher in 
February and March. 
Sameer Bhise: 
This is helpful. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Param Subramanian: 
Thank you for the opportunity so two questions. Firstly on opex so if I look at opex it is 
roughly at the same level for the last two years so where is this headed from here? Could 
you explain why this is the case because disbursements have come back and collections 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 25 
have also come back so opex directionally where does it go from here and secondly on the 
cost of funds obviously quarter on quarter there is sharp reduction? Where is this in your 
view headed from here especially since the consensus view seems to be that we are headed 
into rising interest rate? Those are my two questions. Thank you. 
Subramanian Sunder: 
The opex last couple of years we have been having a strict control on the cost of the 
company ensuring that it does not go to an elevated extent, but now we have started hiring 
in the last couple of quarters and the incremental employees are going up so we expect this 
cost to go up may be by around 5% to 10% in the next financial year; however, we want to 
maintain a cost to income ratio of close to 22% to 23% which has been our earlier trends so 
that should be a fair indicator for the opex and the next question. 
Parag Sharma: 
The cost of fund we feel that 10 to 15 basis point further reduction can be there and yes cost 
otherwise the bond market rates are up so 10 to 15 basis points because of elevated cost 
what we had earlier and replacement of higher cost liabilities will help to bring down the 
overall cost by 10 to 15 basis points and further reduction may not be possible. 
Param Subramanian: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Matthew String from PIMCO. Please go 
ahead. 
Matthew String: 
Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to understand a bit more about this ECL 
position. If I understand correctly one of the key drivers for the higher ECL position this 
quarter is because of your higher headline GNPA because of this new RBI rule while your 
LGD assumption has yet to be reviewed should we expect a reversal of some of this 
additional ECL provision in Q4 after you review your LGD assumptions and if yes we will 
be there with you? My second question is I understand some of the states have already 
brought back the lockdown, COVID lockdown measures, how is this affecting your 
customer and what is the trend of the collection efficiency in January? Thank you. 
Subramanian Sunder: 
To answer the first question the gross Stage 3 has increased because of the change in the 
regulatory requirement as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. This is circular dated 
November 12, 2021 and these numbers will be again the LGD numbers will be again 
refreshed in March quarter and we are confident that it can marginally come down from that 
current 45% level, manageable level and going forward the management is confident that 
once the business team and the customers are fully versed with the daily stamping of the 
NPAs the gross Stage 3 should gradually come down in the next couple of quarters and 
Revankar will take the second question. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Umesh Revankar: 
As I was telling you the first 15 days in January there was widespread virus impact even 
though many people are not testing but this time since the virus is less virulent couple of 
days absenteeism or may be a week’s absenteeism we have seen in the first 15 days but post 
that the business is as usual. The collections have really picked up so we feel that January 
collection will be quite good may be near to 100% but February and March we should be 
able to do very well so we expect the collection to be on par with the previous quarter or 
even it can be better. 
Matthew String: 
Correct that is very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Purohit from BNP Paribas. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Purohit: 
Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I have a question on the new sales where 
it continues to decline for the past eight quarters so what is the strategy there and what are 
the kind of yield differential between a new vehicle portfolio and a used vehicle portfolio? 
Thank you. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Even though the portfolio is coming down but disbursements are going up. If you see Q-o-
Q the disbursements have gone up by around 30% on Q-o-Q so we feel that the new 
portfolio will start breaking up now. We were restraining ourselves from the new because 
the economic environment were not really feasible for new assets which is higher ticket and 
normally new vehicle also require higher LTV lending which we were resisting, but now 
since economy looks like fully recovered we will be doing some new vehicle. The 
differential between new and used is around 300 to 400 basis points so that is one reason we 
focused more on the used, but when we start lending to new the used also will go up 
simultaneously. It will not have a big challenge on our overall yield. The overall yield will 
not have much impact so this quarter we feel any vehicle lending will go up without much 
of an impact on the overall yield. 
Gaurav Purohit: 
Sir one followup question on that where do you see the AUM stabilizing especially for the 
new vehicle currently it is at around 5%? 
Umesh Revankar: 
We have to take new vehicle when you say, you have to take up to five years old vehicle in 
the book also because sometimes we may fund the vehicle which is just two years old and 
that is as good as new to us so if you take up to five years old vehicle the overall portfolio 
will be anywhere between 12% and 15% so only new vehicle if you take by the invoice it is 
today at 5% but slowly it will be inching up around 7% to 8% as economy starting growing 
demand for vehicle will go up and automatically the proportion of new vehicle will go up so 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 25 
in the past if you see historically it has been at around 15% so up to five years old if you 
take we will be around 15% at any point of time. 
Gaurav Purohit: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jain from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Jain: 
Thank you. There is a slide on the provision analysis which is very helpful to see the impact 
of the daily tagging so in that there is a small movement from Stage 1 to Stage 3? The Stage 
1 is lower when daily stamping is applied so the right way to see that is that is some people 
came after 90 days got due and then paid two EMIs is that the right way to see it? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Yes correct. 
Aditya Jain: 
Then on the liquidity reduction so any thoughts now will it be phased out and if yes over 
what period or would it be a more sharp reduction in liquidity? 
Umesh Revankar: 
We will have a relook at the next quarter board meeting because board wants us to be 
conservative for this quarter but definitely they have indicated that it is a time to reduce the 
overall liquidity next two quarters definitely we will reduce it. 
Aditya Jain: 
Got it then the impact of daily stamping on income recognition so if you could explain the 
difference in the approach on how we recognize income on Stage 3 versus let us say an 
asset is Stage 1 so daily stamping aside just how the approach level what is the recognition 
that we do on Stage 3 as of now? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
In Stage 3 the coverage that we are carrying is 50% and supposing if the same asset after 
the norm supposing X borrower is in Stage 1 then on that asset we have coverage of 3.27% 
in the current quarter and supposing the same asset was in Stage 2 it is at 11.61%. This is 
the difference which happens wherever it is positioned so if it is in Stage 3, you have taken 
higher cover provision. If it is in Stage 1 we take a lower coverage of 3.27%. 
Aditya Jain: 
My question was on in the interest income recognition? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Interest income it will be replica of the same thing. Supposing if there was an interest 
income of say Rs.100 right from the inception of the contract to the cutoff date, if it had 
been in Stage 3 we would reverse 50% of the interest booked and supposing if it was in 
Stage 1 there will be no reversal per se. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 25 
Umesh Revankar: 
It would have been in 3%. 
Aditya Jain: 
If they had conversion to Stage 3 happened let us say in the middle of the quarter then 
whatever was recognized till the of that 50% would be reversed and incrementally 
50%could be recognition? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Correct. 
Aditya Jain: 
Lastly, is there any thought currently on any pilot project or something on the merger 
synergy so you have given us some sense during the earlier call and all which was helpful 
but any specific pilot or studies that you could talk about? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Pilots are going on. We are working on HR and technology integration and we feel it will 
be virtually seamless because there has been reasonably good progress so as far as 
introducing the products in each other’s company that we are working on. There are some 
studies going on the same and that we will start working on launching of various products 
and that should happen at any time. 
Aditya Jain: 
Lastly if you could tell the disbursement by segment and sorry if this has already been told 
and I will find out separately? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Sanjay will inform. 
Aditya Jain: 
That is all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakhar Agarwal from Edelweiss. Please 
go ahead. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Just a couple of questions. First more fundamentally just wanted to understand given that 
we are already in the Ind-AS so we would probably looking at senior aspect of the 
customers, so how does this daily tagging would impact your gross Stage 3? Ideally it 
should have been under IRAC norms that you would have been maintaining a separate 
gross NPA levels and probably that would have been impacted just wanted to 
fundamentally understand that how this impact under Ind-AS? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
What you say is correct. Many of the other companies have taken this stand; however, we 
thought it is prudent to follow the circular in spirit also and hence we aligned both our Stage 
3 and NPA as similar lines and we also decided that whatever has been classified as an 
NPA will be retained as Stage 3 irrespective of whether it comes to Stage 2 or 1 till it is 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 23 of 25 
fully recovered, the overdues are fully recovered and also maintain a provision equivalent to 
Stage 3 in spite of non-recommend in Ind-AS so we followed the RBI circular in spirit also. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Sure Sir if I were to just stay that under IRAC norms if we were to just to look at your gross 
NPA numbers will be 8.4%? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Correct and had we not followed the circular our gross NPA would have been 7.62%. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
The second and more so in relation to this other circular the second part of the story which 
says that you have to the account can only be updated if you pay the entire due do you not 
think this sort of things that will impact your LGDs at least for a guy for a customer like us 
which probably bring in the cash flows, in the event collateral is higher for cash flows the 
ability to pay four EMIs or more probably may impact your overall LGDs for the pool? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Four or five years back itself we were in one of the instruction RBI had asked us to upgrade 
the NPAs only on recovery of the full overdues and the company has been following for the 
last four to five years and hence since we have always been following that it will not have 
any impact on the LGD competition going forward also because we have already taken it 
into consideration. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Just last bit followup on this so the rise that we have seen in coverage ratio for Stage 3 this 
quarter is essentially to do with us maintaining a net NPA of around 4% by March quarter 
this time? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Correct. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Sridhar from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant Sridhar: 
Just two questions one what is the total amount of repossessed asset outstanding today and 
is that included in the Stage 3 number? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
The repossessed stock is slightly more than 10,000 numbers as compared to the December 
31, 2021 and all the repossessed are classified as Stage 3 and we also make a provision of 
100% if the repossessed assets remain unsold for more than six months. 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Prashant Sridhar: 
Sure that is helpful. Sir and the other question was since now almost 20% of your 
borrowings are non rupee are those all 100% hedged? 
Umesh Revankar: 
20% of the borrowing is overseas including loans and bonds and everything is completely 
hedged for the full duration. 
Prashant Sridhar: 
So even like a seven or 10 year paper you are able to find a hedge is it? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes we are able to find a hedge. 
Prashant Sridhar: 
Lastly since you have a significant securitization also how is the collection efficiencies 
different on the securitized pool versus on the overall portfolio what you have disclosed? 
Subramanian Sunder: 
Securitized pool will be largely seasoned pools. Collection efficiency will be slightly better 
at the time of securitization itself the performance should be 100%. The collection 
efficiencies for securitized pool is slightly better. 
Prashant Sridhar: 
I am just trying to understand what will be the delta let us say three years before versus 
today? 
Parag Sharma: 
When you talk about the Stage 3 levels for securitized portfolio on this on non-securitized 
portfolio this should be closer to 8.5% to 8.6% levels the non-securitized portfolio and the 
securitized portfolio will be around 3% to 4% not more than that. 
Prashant Sridhar: 
Sure and that the difference between them has not changed? Even today it is like about 
double? 
Parag Sharma: 
It has been continuing to be the same. 
Prashant Sridhar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Umesh Revankar for his closing comments. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Thank you all for joining this call and we are confident that Q4 will be quite large because 
we do see a lot of positive indicators especially on the demand and also number of 
employees reporting to the duty on a regular basis and the customers feedback all seems to 
be quite positive. As I was telling you first 15 days there were some challenges but after 
that we are seeing reasonably positive indicators and we expect the Q4 to be quite large and 

 
 
 
Shriram Transport Finance 
January 25, 2022 
 
Page 25 of 25 
there will be significant improvement in the portfolio quality as we have taken measures to 
see that we will overcome the challenges and improve our overall portfolio. One particular 
line which I missed in the beginning I would like to inform that our deposit portfolio is 
seeing a healthy growth. Our deposit portfolio today stands at more than Rs.20,000 Crores 
that is 19% of overall liability against around Rs.14,800 Crores at the same time previous 
year. So there is a good progress in retail deposit mobilization. All our deposits are retail 
and that is helping us to stabilize and the cost of the deposit portfolio is around 8% and 
incremental deposit is coming at 7.57% so that business is very positive and we expect 
overall good progress and good result going forward in the next quarter. See you all again 
in the next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Shriram Transport Finance Company 
Limited that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
