 
 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115 
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address: 
Registered Office: 
       Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11, 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)                
 
Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
New Linking Road, Malad (West), 
Mumbai - 400 025                                                      Website: www.icicilombard.com   
    Mumbai - 400 064 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/251-1/2022   
 
January 24, 2022 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2021 
 
This is further to our letter dated January 6, 2022 and January 19, 2022. The Company had 
hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on Wednesday, January 
19, 2022 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call.   
 
The same is also made available on the Company’s website at www.icicilombard.com 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed by 
Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2022.01.24 
16:00:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2022 Earnings Conference Call  
January 19, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – RETAIL 
MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - WHOLESALE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
                  
 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome to the ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited Q3 and 9MFY22 Earnings 
Conference Call. From the senior management we have with us today, Mr. 
Bhargav Dasgupta – MD and CEO of the company, Mr. Gopal Balachandran – 
CFO and CRO, Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – Executive Director Retail, and Mr. Alok 
Agarwal – Executive Director Wholesale.  
Please note that any statements comments made in today’s call that may look 
like forward looking statements are based on information presently available to 
the management and did not constitute an indication of any future performance 
as future involves risks and uncertainties which could cause results to differ 
materially from the current view being expressed.  
As a reminder, to all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta – MD and CEO, ICICI Lombard 
General Insurance Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:   Thank you Rutuja. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the 
earnings conference call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company for Q3 
and 9M FY2022. I hope you, your colleagues and family members are all safe 
and healthy. I will give you a brief overview of the industry trends and 
developments that we’ve witnessed in the last few months. Post this our CFO 
Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share the financial performance of the company 
for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022. The data for Q3 
FY2022 indicates that the momentum in economic activity has gained further 
traction aided by expanding vaccination coverage and release of pent up 
demand. Contact intensive services and urban demand recouped on improving 
consumer optimism. Amidst this, the resurgence of COVID-19 infections by way 
of new Omicron variant has created some sense of uncertainty especially for 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
service industry. While this may have some impact on the near term growth 
given the ramp up in the vaccination program, its overall impact on the economy 
is expected to be lower than the first and the second wave.  
Moving to the GI industry, the industry during Q3 FY2022 delivered mixed 
performance. Segments such as motor insurance witnessed continued 
headwinds due to heightened competitive intensity, chip shortages in the four 
wheeler segment and weak customer demand in the two wheeler segment. 
Health insurance on the other hand continue to show robust growth primarily 
driven by group health, while growth in retail health has moderated since Q2 of 
this fiscal due to base effect. As far as commercial lines are concerned, 
segments such as fire, marine and engineering lines witnessed strong growth 
in sync with the current market environment. Overall, the industry registered a 
growth of 11.2% in 9MFY22 and a growth of 8.0% in Q3FY2022 as per 
disclosures on the website of IRDAI.  
The combined ratio of the industry was 119.3% in H1 FY2022 as compared 
105.6% in H1FY2021 based on available information from public disclosures, 
excluding three companies. Further the overall combined ratio of private 
multiline general insurers was 112.4% in H1FY2022 as compared to 103.2% in 
H1FY2021 excluding one company.  
Moving to business impacts this quarter. As you know, we have been making 
investments to benefit from the opportunities that the current environment has 
to offer, especially in the retail health segment. These investments are gradually 
steering growth for us, thereby enabling us to gain market share in our preferred 
line of business.  
 
 In that backdrop of the 1000 incremental headcount to be added in our 
retail healthy agency salesforce, we have rolled out offers for 800 and 
have successfully on-boarded close to 400 of them during this quarter. 
As a result, we are seeing month-on-month improvement in growth and 
we expect the growth to this channel to accelerate in the next few 
quarters, as the sales force starts getting productive.  

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 As indicated during our earlier call there was a base effect on the health 
benefits segment for the first three quarters of FY2022. From the middle 
of the current quarter, the base effect started to fade as a result of which 
health business from our Banca channels grew by 15% in December, 
2021. Going ahead, we expect this channel to continue to deliver robust 
growth.  
 Our one stop solution for all insurance and wellness needs, ILTakeCare 
App has surpassed 1.1 million downloads, with successful submission 
of over 95,000 claims and over 55,000 tele-consultation requests. Our 
objective is to get closer to our customers by providing a unique digital 
platform for continuous engagement to help them take better care of their 
health, motor and other risks anytime, anywhere.  
 
As indicated in our previous earnings calls in group health segment our 
continuous direct engagement with large corporates enabled us to retain over 
90% of our customers at a higher price, thereby improving in premium per life 
since June 2021. The underlying environment suggests that the consumers are 
willing to pay a higher premium for better coverage and adopt technology for 
better customer service, thus creating an opportunity for us to grow in this 
segment.  
In motor we continue to combat challenges from the lack of motor TP rate hike 
for over two consecutive years, heightened competitive intensity in the motor 
OD segment, chip shortages in the new private car sales, etc. However, our 
expectation is that these are short term challenges. When we take a closer look 
on ground on the private car side, the consumer sentiment remains strong. 
During the quarter we’ve continued to focus on growing our market share in 
certain key profitable sub segments.  
As far as the commercial lines are concerned we have seen strong growth and 
believe we are in that environment now where the growth will continue.  
In current times the major trend has been the significant increase in online 
buying by consumers. At ICICI Lombard we’ve been continuously investing on 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
this front. Our DigitalOne team is set up like a full-stack insure-tech firm 
consisting experts across functions operating together like a fully functional 
entity within the overall organizational framework.  
 Business source through our website increased by 20.3% in Q3 FY2022. 
Within this our health business grew by 22.9%, travel business grew by 
156.9%, and motor business grew by 11.9%.  
 Business source by this team through strategic alliance partners in the 
digital ecosystem grew by 70.2% in Q3 FY22.  
Our DigitalOne business is fully empowered to deep mind customer data, fine 
tune customer outreach efforts, service customers to claim systems that enable 
real time communication and thereby optimize cost of acquisition. We are 
excited on the progress of this channel and believe it is all set to drive benefit 
and benefit from the longer term opportunity to the current environment is 
offering us.  
Overall, our focus on sustainable market leadership continued through the third 
quarter as we prioritize underwriting discipline, portfolio optimization and 
growing in segments that are favorable and fall within our risk appetite. We 
remain on track and are focused on growth levers such as strengthening our 
distribution engine aided by lowered based effect, realizing synergies, 
rationalizing cost while scaling up our preferred lines of business, servicing 
customers with excellence, digital advancements that will enable us to sustain 
the return on equity objective over longer term.  
 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for the 
recently concluded quarter.  
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks Bhargav and good evening to each one of you. I will now give you a 
brief overview of the financial performance of the company for Q3 and 
9MFY2022. We have put up the results presentation on our website, you can 
access it as we walk you through the performance numbers. The effect of the 
demerger in the financials has been incorporated in the form of opening net 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
worth as on April 1, 2021. Further the financials for the current year represent 
numbers of the merged entity and the comparative numbers to the previous 
year in the financials pertains to standalone ICICI Lombard and hence, they are 
not comparable.  
Gross direct premium income of the company was at ₹ 133.11 billion in 
9MFY2022 as against ₹ 105.25 billion in 9MFY2021. The industry reported a 
double digit growth 11.2% on a lower base for a similar period. Our GDPI growth 
was primarily driven by growth in preferred segments given that our approach 
has always been growing business sustainably. The fire segment GDPI was ₹ 
22.00 billion in 9MFY2022 as against ₹ 17.48 billion in 9MFY2021. As indicated 
in our results presentation the overall GDPI of our property and casualty 
segment was ₹ 39.34 billion in 9MFY2022 as against ₹ 30.61 billion in 
9MFY2021. On the retail side of the business GDPI of the motor segment was 
₹ 58.15 billion in 9MFY2022 as against ₹ 51.48 billion in 9MFY2021. To harness 
the potential of these segments we have been expanding our distribution 
network to increase penetration in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities. Our agent including 
the point of sale distribution increased to 81,969 as on December 31, 2021 up 
from 78,035 as on September 30, 2021. The advance premium was ₹ 34.59 
billion as at December 31, 2021 as against ₹ 36.86 billion as at September 30, 
2021. Resultantly combined ratio was 111.0% in 9MFY2022 as against 99.1% 
in 9MFY2021 and 114.3% in H1 FY2022.  
Combined ratio was 104.5% in Q3FY2022 as against 97.9% in Q3FY2021 and 
105.3% in Q2FY2022. Our investment assets rose to 374.54 billion at 
December 31, 2021, up from ₹ 371.95 billion at September 30, 2021. Our  
investment leverage net of borings was 4.23x  at December 31, 2021 compared 
to 4.27x  at September 30, 2021. Investment income was at ₹ 22.95 billion in 
9MFY22, as against ₹ 16.59 billion in 9MFY2021. On a quarterly basis, 
investment income was at ₹ 6.9 billion in Q3FY2022 as against ₹ 5.68 billion in 
Q3FY2021. Our capital gains was at ₹ 6.01 billion in 9MFY2022 as against ₹ 
2.92 billion in 9MFY21. Capital gains in Q3FY2022 was at ₹ 1.31 billion as 
against ₹ 1.08 billion in Q3FY2021.  

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
The expenses incurred of approximately ₹ 0.16 billion on account of the 
demerger has been absorbed in the P&L during 9MFY2022. As indicated in our 
previous earnings call during the integration process, we were able to smoothly 
transition and onboard our partners to seamlessly operate with minimal 
disruption. Our branch network as of December 31, 2021 stood at 285 as 
against 431 as at September 30, 2021. Apart from the immediate benefit, this 
transaction entails an opportunity to unlock significant operational and revenue 
synergies in times to come. We are on the right path on our roadmap of realizing 
the synergy benefits by the H2 of FY2023. Our profit before tax was ₹ 12.73 
billion in 9MFY2022 as against ₹ 15.04 billion 9MFY21. Whereas profit before 
tax was ₹ 4.21 billion in Q3FY22 as against ₹ 4.18 billion in Q3 last year.  
Consequently, profit after tax was ₹ 9.59 billion in 9MFY2022 as against ₹ 11.27 
billion in 9MFY21 whereas profit after tax for Q3FY2022 stood at ₹ 3.18 billion 
as compared to ₹ 3.14 billion in Q3FY2021. Return on average equity was 
15.1% in 9MFY2022 as against 22.4% in 9MFY2021. The return on average 
equity for Q3FY2022 was 14.6% as against 17.6% in Q3FY2021. Solvency ratio 
was at 2.45x at December 31, 2021, as against 2.49x at September 30, 2021. 
It continued to be higher than the minimum regulatory requirement of 1.5x. As, 
I conclude I would like to reiterate, we continue to stay focused on profitable 
growth, sustainable value creation and safeguarding interest of policyholders 
at all times. I would like to thank you all for attending our earnings conference 
call and we would be happy to take any questions that you may have. Thank 
you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: So, I have couple of questions. First, on the motor side, if you could throw 
some light on the reason for the underwriting loss for this business, is this 
because of any kind of exchange or amalgamation with Bharti AXA or any other 
driver on the same? 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Swarnabha on the motor side, as we’ve been saying, the underlying challenge 
is more in terms of the distribution aggression that we are seeing on the ground, 
it’s not to do with the merger. On the merger front, actually we are quite happy 
with the way things are progressing. Except for three or four OEM dealership, 
we’ve actually got complete synergy in terms of benefiting from that distribution 
channel. We are also seeing growth across most of the agency and the other 
distribution channels that we’ve acquired through the Bharti AXA integration. 
The real challenge on the ground has been,  whenever the growth slows down 
in the market, because of various pressures and right now we have challenges 
in the market because of chip shortage for private car, because of demand for 
two wheelers etc. So, overall the motor industry is not growing as fast as it is 
used to.. And wherever such situations happen we find that the market as in 
our industry gets very aggressive on sourcing. That’s the real reason why the 
motor book is underperforming. If you look from the cost side, on the loss ratio 
side, it’s also because of the fact that the claims frequency is now gone back to 
normal. First two quarters, we had some benefits because of relatively slower 
utilization or lower utilization, because there’s some lockdowns across the 
country, that went away in Q3. So the loss ratios have climbed back up to what 
we believe is more normal. So those are the real reasons that we are seeing, 
so it’s more underlying industry issues and within that our experience rather 
than the merger.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Okay. Sir, so then if I look ahead on the motor side, which you have 
commented that you had seen some green shoots in certain segments, in 
previous call you had mentioned that. So what would be the trends now, 
because these kind of challenges are continuing for quite some time, especially 
competitive intensity? So, are you seeing situations improving and what is the 
status in terms of you had talked about price increases also in certain segment 
earlier? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: What we have been saying is that we don’t expect that to happen, or at least 
our experience tells that, that should happen from next year. We don’t expect 
anything this year, as we’ve been saying. There are two components on the 
price increase. One is a Third Party price increase that is more direct and 
regulatory driven. Again, we believe that the industry needs a price increase. 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
But that is, as I said driven by the regulator, we don’t control that. But two years, 
we’ve not seen a price increase. We are hopeful that next year we’ll see one, 
on the OD side is where we have greater control as an industry. And as I said, 
the industry benefited a bit from Q1 because of lower usage. And that’s a benefit 
that people probably have factored in, in terms of the aggression. So we’ve 
been saying is that we don’t expect the price correction this year, but we are 
hoping that we should see that from next year onwards. Historically, we’ve 
never seen two to three years of price aggression. In these two years, we’ve 
seen two COVID lockdowns that has probably been the reason why this is 
sustained for this long period. From our perspective, I believe we’ve kind of 
done most of the corrections that we wanted to, and on this base, we are 
reasonably confident that we’ll start growing from the coming quarter onwards.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Saraf from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Saraf: 
So, I had a question on with regard to our retention. So it appears that this 
quarter we have had the higher retention at around 76% versus what was there 
in the previous two quarters of this year around 66%, 68%. So what explains 
this stance, which category have we seen higher retention and is it driven by 
the reinsurer or we are doing it on our own, that’s the first question. Second, I 
noticed that our investment yield both on the policyholder investments or the 
shareholder investments has actually come down QoQ while the yield curves 
what the rates have generally been on an upward trajectory. So if you can just 
help me understand what just happened there also it will be very helpful. Thanks 
a lot. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, I’ll ask Gopal to take the first one is largely due to the mix of business, there 
is no change in retention. With regard to the second one, in terms of the 
investment yield the aggregate yield could be driven a little bit by the mix of 
capital gains that we have. Overall, the book is earning roughly about 7% and 
when interest rates go up our mark to market benefit that we are sitting on the 
bond book that goes away, but equally the new flow that we get into the 
investment portfolio that earns a higher return. Now, given the overall mix of the 
new flow versus the old stock, the new flow impact is very little because it takes 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
some time, related to the overall size of the book which is ₹ 38,000 crores the 
new flow will be much, much smaller. So you don’t see that impact too soon, 
while you see the impact of the mark to market benefit of the bond book going 
away. But anyways, bond book for us more or less has been kind of a more of 
an HTM strategy. So we don’t see a problem with that. But as the mix of the 
book changes with a greater flow coming in, the increased yield starts benefiting 
us. On the reinsurance I’ll ask Gopal to answer the question.  
Gopal Balachandran: Yes, Abhishek Happy New Year to you as well. On the retention side, as 
Bhargav said there is no specific change in the retention philosophy that pretty 
much remains the same. It’s just that what you see in Q1, typically you end up 
seeing a lot of corporate renewals happening where relatively the proportion of 
reinsurance is higher and retention is to that extent, slightly lower. And whereas 
in Q2, if you recollect what we have been saying consequent to the demerger, 
we have also inherited the crop book that Bharti AXA had already committed 
to. And that book is something that got booked in Q2 and which is why you see 
a relatively lower retention for Q2. Q3 is typically the period where you actually 
see a large part of the business being underwritten on the retail franchise, 
predominantly motor and health where in line with what we have mentioned no 
change in the retention philosophy. Typically these are small ticket policies 
wherever our retentions are relatively higher, but otherwise on an aggregate 
basis no change in our retention philosophy as such, it is purely a function of 
what  mix of business that we have underwritten in Q1 and Q2.  
Abhishek Saraf: 
So, basically, one thing is probably going forward build in that these kinds of 
retention of reinsurance percentages would be broadly in line with the mix of 
that particular quarter. Just one thing, if I can ask on COVID-19 claims for this 
quarter, if you can share Gopal that data how was the net COVID-19 claims for 
us this quarter and I believe that in last quarter we mentioned that we could see 
some reserves release also. So, what has been the trend there on COVID-19 
claims in this quarter, you can just throw some light on that? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Abhishek if you recollect what we had talked about was for the H1FY22, we 
had indicated COVID-19 claims were roughly about ₹ 5.61 billion. Now that 
number if you look at on a 9M basis stands revised at about ₹  5.29 billion. So, 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
hence to that extent while in line with what we are seeing as let’s say declining 
trend on the wave two related COVID-19 cases, obviously in relative to the 
approach of reserving that we are kind of built in Q1 as I said 9M number stands 
at about ₹ 5.29 billion. Having said that, what will be important for us to kind of 
watch for which is what we will do in Q4 is this wave three impact that has 
started to play out. Obviously early trends in terms of the number of cashless 
intimations that we are seeing, tends to be maybe lower than the peak what we 
had seen in wave two. But having said that, obviously we will monitor the 
development of intimations in our cashless request. Honestly, we’ll have to wait 
for in case if there are any reimbursement claims that gets intimated which 
typically happens at a lag, but on the wave two related COVID-19 impact, as I 
said 9M number stands at about ₹ 5.29 billion.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sir, how should we think about combined ratio and ROE going forward, given 
that this was a pretty normal quarter from a claims ratio perspective and our 
combined ratio is around 105% for the quarter. So how should we think about 
combined ratio over next coming year also we expect some major benefits  to 
play out on the operating cost so, should we expect this number to trend 
towards 100% over next couple of years? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  Nidhesh as you are saying, we believe that, the consolidation effectively 
happened just in the last month of the last quarter. So we started taking most 
of the calls that we need to take in terms of the synergy benefit on the cost side. 
On the revenue side, as I explained, we are quite happy with the way things are 
playing out in terms of the synergy with the existing distribution that Bharti team 
had already built and we are seeing growth coming through in some of those 
partnerships as well. But the entire benefit for this, will take some time. And our 
sense is that we will start to see the benefit play out by FY2024, but we think it 
will probably be a bit earlier than that, so, the second half of next year (H2FY23) 
we’ll start seeing that benefit. Now, if you look at the combined numbers on a 
pro forma basis, BAGI pre deal announcement and ICICI Lombard pre deal 
announcement we did a proforma integration, thatwould have been about 104% 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
combined. So the question is, how soon we can bring that down. Now today, 
what the situation is that the core business of ICICI Lombard is also not at sub  
100 number that we used to experience because of all the pressures that we’ve 
talked about. So, it may be challenging to bring it under 100% that we have 
seen in the past, but directionally it will start coming down. And in terms of the 
synergies Gopal can explain some of his work that has already happened.  
Gopal Balachandran: Yes, so Nidhesh we have been talking about broadly three areas of synergy,  
just to refresh, tax synergies is something that as we file, we will be filing the 
returns of 2021 by January 31st. So, we will be in line with what we have said 
earlier, we will be able to absorb the full benefit of the carry forward losses. On 
the cost front, as a part of our opening remarks, which is what we put out, we 
have looked at the overall office infrastructure. And clearly we have been able 
to keep in mind the policyholder interest, we have been able to look at what 
kind of existence do we need to have in so far as physical offices are concerned. 
And clearly the numbers as at 31st December the number of office networks 
stands at around 285. So, again given the fact that this rationalization of the 
office infrastructure has happened in quarter three and more towards the latter 
part of the quarter, so you will start to see some benefit of synergies in the form 
of costs playing through from Q4 onwards. Equally, we have been looking at 
various areas of productivity improvements and efficiencies, which is what we 
had indicated in earlier call to play out over the next 6 to 9 months. So, there 
again we are on course, in order to be able to realize better improvement in 
productivity when we look at the other cost elements. The final cost element in 
terms of technology related spends, where again we will be able to see benefits 
on synergy playing out that will take some time because over the next 9 to 12 
months is when we will be able to significantly migrate even let’s say historical 
data and other related information. So, the impact of technology related 
expense on the synergy front will start to play through most probably towards 
the H2 of the next financial year. But otherwise on course, to realize most of the 
cost elements that we have talked about and the revenue synergies as Bhargav 
explained is something that we will again start to realize towards the second 
half of the next financial period.  

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. And secondly, across financial service segments we keep on hearing 
noises around disruption. We have seen significant disruption in some of the 
segments like broking.  In our industry also a lot of new age companies are 
coming up in terms of distribution there is the new age company coming up, 
then new age model which are coming up in the entire manufacturing side on 
the general insurance. Some of these business models have also succeeded 
outside India. So how do we think about from a long term perspective with 
respect to these possibility of disruption to our business? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So we’ve been discussing this pretty regularly, if you look at the scope for 
disruption, there are both in terms of insure-tech, the way people source 
policies, the way people service policies, the way we   service claims, there is 
a tremendous scope for disruption again using digital tools that are now 
available. Similarly there is also some amount of disruption that is possible in 
the distribution side now, if you look at what we’ve been doing is that on the first 
in terms of the sourcing policies or servicing policies through modern day 
technology that’s been an area that we’ve been investing heavily. Our approach 
on the business side has been, as we mentioned in the opening statement,  was 
to create a carve out team, which focuses on the digital disruption on the 
customer acquisition side, and we call it our DigitalOne team, where we’ve 
created a team which is self-contained with all key capabilities and with 
separate location, separate philosophies in terms of even people processes. 
And that team has been ramping up and we are quite happy with the way the 
team is growing business both in terms of tying up with digital ecosystem 
partners. And as I explained in this quarter we have seen a 70% growth in that 
business, as also in terms of the business that gets written on our website,  
we’ve seen about 20% growth in this quarter on business written on our 
website.  
Now, the other thing that we have to study is honestly speaking the fact that 
some of these players are willing to loose a lot of money for growth, we have to 
be a bit more calibrated than some of them. Obviously, our philosophy has 
always been to build a sustainable model. And we may not want to go to the 
level of losses that some of them incurred. But even without that, we are 
reasonably confident that we will be able to grow the segment quite fast. 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Towards this end of this quarter, we’ve taken a fair amount of calls and we 
believe that, that will reflect in even faster growth in this channel going ahead. 
On the claim side, we’ve been giving out some numbers in terms of digital claim 
settlement that we have seen both from motor and health using AI, ML, etc.. 
Those numbers are increasing by the quarter, even this quarter we have seen 
significant increase in the claims that we process through our Instaspect service 
as also the cashless authorization that we give using our ML feature. And 
similarly for us, in terms of the initiative on the IL Take Care side, that’s a way 
we believe we will be able to engage with customers even better on a web 
based platform or a mobile app rather and build greater connect while providing 
the usual Insurance Services. And there the focus is not just in terms of the 
usual things that insurance companies provide, but a lot more services and 
features which increase engagement and potentially reduces risk for our 
customers. So this is a big thrust area for us though in terms of the digital 
disruption. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Wanted to ask you a question if I see the Q3 growth numbers for Lombard and 
including Bharti AXA in the base. So, there has been a 4% contraction for this 
quarter for the combined entity, while the industry or the private players were 
at around 5% to 8%. Now motor we can see has de-grown much more 12%, 
13% for the combined entity while the private players have still grown around 
6%. On the health side again, Lombard consolidated because around 3% 
growth for third quarter while the industry and the time plays are significantly 
higher. So Sir if you can give us some understanding of how do you plan, what 
is your growth target, if not target but how do you plan your growth across these 
two segments because these are your largest segments basically, and what 
should we expect for the coming year or for the coming quarters on the growth 
side? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Yes, so let me take the two segments separately, let me start with motor. So, if 
you look at some of the commentary that we have given on the motor side, if 
you look at the three sub segments, private car, two wheeler and commercial 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
vehicles. We are a bigger player in terms of the private car sub segment and 
even a bigger player when you look at the share of new, our share of new is 
much higher than our normal share of business as a company. And at a time 
when the new sales have been muted for reasons that all of us are aware 
largely with the chip shortage issues rather than demand issue that has had a 
higher impact on us than maybe the overall industry. Similarly, if you look at our 
mix of business two wheelers for us is a much higher mix of business we have 
roughly about 26%- 27% of our motor mix coming from two wheelers, industry 
mix would be about roughly about 15%. Now, two wheelers slowdown has 
hence affected us a bit more from a Market share perspective we are fine within 
that segment. But from a mix perspective, our growth gets affected when two 
wheelers slow down. On the commercial vehicle side, there has been a growth 
again while for the industry commercial vehicle is roughly about 40%- 45%, for 
us, it’s about 17% now, so when that segment goes faster than the other than 
relatively we underperform. Having said that, there is also the pricing 
aggression point that we’ve been making. And our sense is that most of the 
calls that we want to take in terms of correcting the portfolio has happened. And 
we remain optimistic about growing or outgrowing the market from the coming 
quarters on wards on the motor segment.  
On the health, again this is the unfortunate bit of a base effect, one because we 
were traditionally more of a Banca player, and there was a base effect in terms 
of ICICI Bank stopping to distribute our benefit products, that had some amount 
of impact on our overall business. But separate from that now we are seeing 
that growth come back. So, as I explained, if you look at even during the quarter 
while overall number is you’re rightly identifies that the health business has 
under grown for the quarter. But if you look at just the month of December, 
we’ve outgrown the market on the health indemnity business as we are adding 
more agents and distribution that we’ve talked about. And similarly with the 
bank, that base effect has largely played out, and our overall Banca distribution 
in the month of December has grown by about 15%, because the base it has 
got played out and we are optimistic that this will start growing from this quarter 
onwards. Even the bank has restarted selling, not benefit but our indemnity 
product as an attachment just started. So we’ll have to wait to see the impact it 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
may take a bit of time. But overall, the base effect  headwinds are behind us. 
And on top of it, we are investing in terms of the retail agency distribution that 
we’ve talked about. So all in all, we are quite optimistic about growth from going 
forward.  
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it sir. And also wanted to ask you, particularly on your health business, one 
group business is a bigger portion of your health portfolio. So is there any target 
you’re putting on what kind of mix you want to maintain between retail and group 
in the health portfolio? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: We don’t, we take calls based on pure risk selection, if let’s say group health 
business is performing poor, we will cut down on group health business. What 
we are very happy with is what we’ve been saying for some time from June 
onwards after the wave two, we went back to our corporate clients for price 
correction. And we said we will look at 15% to 20% price increase, we are very 
happy to say that for large corporates, we have got even higher price increase 
on an overall portfolio basis. We factored in some potential third wave also in 
the price. And we are quite happy that we’ve retained more than 90% of our 
large corporate accounts, in spite of this kind of a price increase. So with this, 
we are reasonably confident about the group health book right now. We’ll have 
to watch for the impact of COVID-19 wave three and the system pricing. So we 
don’t put a target of mix. We put a target of profitability for each of the segments.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jha from BAY Capital. 
Please go ahead.(37.30) 
Rahul Jha: 
My question is, you said that there were around 400 agents added into the retail 
health side. But when I look at the numbers, it is up from 78,000 it has gone to 
82,000. So this is how come only 400 in retail health. So, only 10% is going to 
retail health? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: What the 400 number is our own sales force that we hire on our rolls, the 
number that you’re talking about is the agent count. So what we do is, these 
people join our company and then they recruit agents, who are not on our roles 
these are commission agents, tied agents or point of sale agents. So these are 
two different numbers, now when we get these 400 odd people as we mention 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
in the second earnings conference call, we wanted to recruit about 1000, you 
want to add about 1000 sales force in the retail agency channel, these are 
people that will take on roles, each of them will then go out and hire agents to 
do the distribution. But 400 of them have joined this quarter, then they will now 
hire more agents, and those agents will then produce business on the job. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Prayesh Jain: 
What was the health loss ratio in the quarter and in the previous quarter we had 
some ₹ 67 crores of reserve release under health book. So like-to-like 
comparison, what would have been the claims ratio. And given the motor TP 
price hike, where are we in the sense is IRDA talking about it or what are the 
processes that are needed for the price hike and has anything been started 
from IRDA side? 
Gopal Balachandran:  
Let me take the first part first. On the first one, on the health loss ratios, 
when you look at the investor deck we have put out the numbers which includes 
health and personal accident put together just on the health side, if you were to 
look at Q2 loss ratios for the overall health book was 77.7%. Q3, that number 
stands at about 82.7%. And if you look at Q3 last year  which is for ICICI 
Lombard on a standalone basis, the overall health loss ratio stands at about 
88.1%. So those are three numbers, Q2 at 77.7%, Q3 of current year  at 82.7% 
and Q3 of last year  IL on a standalone basis at 88.1%. So those are three 
numbers, that’s in response to the first question of yours. Your second point on 
the release of reserves that we had seen in Q2, which is what I talked about, 
for the H1, we had a net COVID-19 impact of over ₹ 5.61 billion that’s for the 
first half of the year. That number if you look at on a 9M basis, now stands 
revised at ₹ 5.29 billion. So hence to that extent, relative to the trend line, what 
we are seeing on account of wave two COVID-19 cases, the number stands 
revised at about ₹ 5.29 billion. As I mentioned, obviously what we’ll have to wait 
for is this new wave three that has come through; what impact does it have both 
in terms of count of intimations and  in terms of average claim size. As we move 
forward in this quarter, we will be able to share better insights subsequently. 
The initial trends seems to suggest when we look at the cashless count in terms 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
of intimations on wave three, relative to the peak that we had seen in wave two, 
the number of intimations under wave three seems to be far lower. So that’s 
one trend line, but early trends we will have to wait as I said for more data to 
come through, even on the claim size as we speak, maybe it looks like things, 
there are cases that are getting intimated are relatively milder, and hence to 
that extent maybe a 10% to 15% lower average claim size than what you would 
have normally seen in relative portions that’s what early trends are.. So that’s 
one, to your second point on motor third party we have been talking about the 
price increase. Unfortunately, we have not seen a price change happening over 
the last couple of years. Having said that, we have also been talking about let’s 
say increase in fact the average claim payouts consequent to various court 
judgments that we have seen over the last couple of years. The expectation 
that we have is maybe as we head into let say maybe FY23. Hopefully, we 
should be able to see some form of a draft guideline getting put out in terms of 
increase in motor third party pricing. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Spark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Gopal we have seen a significant increase in the expenses on QoQ basis, if 
you see the sales promotion advertisement spend has been increased almost 
by 28% QoQ. With this I was just wanting to understand why it has gone up 
given it’s a combined entity, we thought this number will come down compared 
to QoQ what you have done in Q2. And also just wanted to understand this cost 
will be paused itself. So, if there are low hanging fruits like branch rationalization 
and the employee rationalization, then what is the likely absolute cost you could 
be saving during FY2023 and FY2024 so that your OPEX ratios from Bharti 
AXA could substantially improve in FY2023 and FY2024 compared to what we 
have seen right now. Around 30% is what we have seen right now for the 
combined entity except commission? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Sanketh your first question on the sales promotion front maybe you have 
to always look at the overall expense ratios number in the context of the mix of 
business that we have. As I kind of mentioned in one of the responses to the 
earlier question, Q3 typically happens to the period where we see typically bulk 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
of the retail business getting sourced. For example, the mix of motor within let’s 
say, whatever volumes of business that we would have done in let’s say Q2 
and Q3, you will find motor contributing to a relatively larger proportion of Gross 
written premiums. And hence to that extent, correspondingly it’s where you will 
get to see the cost of sourcing getting reflected insofar as expense numbers 
are concerned. Having said that, when you look at the aggregate expense ratio 
numbers for Q2, that number was at about 35.4%. This I am talking about both 
operating expenses plus commissions put together. For Q2, that number was 
about 35.4%. That number is actually slightly come off. And that number stands 
at about 34.9%. So hence to that extent, we have actually seen a maybe a 0.5% 
improvement in the overall management expense ratios in Q3 compared to Q2. 
So that’s the trend line that one would obviously want to see as we get into the 
subsequent quarters.  
Your point was let’s say some of the cost synergy is getting played out which is 
what we explained, your point is absolutely right. On the office infrastructure 
space is what I again responded to one of the earlier questions, if you look at 
December 31, our office number stands divide at about 285 as compared to 
almost more than 400+ offices which we had towards the end of September. 
So we have clearly been able to kind of get benefits of rationalization on the 
office front, a large part of it happened towards the second half of Q3and hence 
to that extent, the impact in the form of benefits or costs is something that you 
will start to see it playing through in the Q4 number onwards.  
The same thing is what we would obviously also want to see implemented 
efficiencies and productivity playing out even when it comes to on the people 
front. Again, the impact of which is something that we will see over the next I 
would say 6 to 12 months kind of time period. The trajectory that one would 
take is what Bhargav also responded in so far as the combined ratio is 
concerned. Again, when you look at Q2 combined, we were at about 105.3%, 
Q3 number have come to 104.5%. And over the period, we would obviously 
want to try and see if you can start seeing improvement in combined as we 
head into this subsequent quarters. That’s how the cost synergies would play 
out, every cost element is being looked at and some of the immediate benefit 
is something that we already started to see. And certain elements of cost 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
particularly as we said on the technology side will play through towards the H2 
of FY2023.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Two questions, one firstly on your retail health claims ratio seems to be higher 
side in Q3 despite some ₹ 30 odd crores COVID-19 reserve release 
adjustments. So while they are sort of in between previous frequency of non 
COVID-19 or delayed procedures or was there some sort of change on their 
severity side, so that’s on the retail health part, and secondly on motor side. 
Now, we have talked a lot about competition, what and Bhargav told that okay, 
rarely it has happened that two, three years of intense competition, but one 
thing that’s different in this time of competition is that there are a lot of new 
players like they have been funded or being funded on the patterns of the 
futuristic insure-tech business where sort of the gestation period or willingness 
to take losses is pretty high for longer period. And on the other hand, you have 
that the large incumbents struggling to just maintain the top line of course, they 
have been recapitalized. So their ability again to drag pricing is higher. So these 
are the two questions. So, how do you see that motor OD competition reaching 
out? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Avinash great questions. On the first one, it was largely because elevated 
frequency of non COVID-19 claims that we see, we’ve been talking about it and 
in Q3, we had both medical acute cases, which is basically the Dengue, Malaria 
cases which kind of continued from Q2, usually it’s been to the monsoon season 
it continued in the early part of Q3 and definitely on top of that, the elective 
surgery numbers have been quite high for Q3. Early signs in Q4 both those 
medical acute cases came down in the second half of Q3, and even elective 
surgery right now, it’s again trending down, but we’ll have to watch this trend 
for a period.  
In terms of ACS, very similar to the number that we gave in the last earnings 
call, over a two year period we’ve seen roughly about 20% increase. So about 
9% to 10% annualized increase in average claim size is what we are seeing 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
which is largely a medical inflation that we are seeing, we will have to again 
wait to see if this is structural, we explained the reason why we think this is 
happening in terms of additional tests, PPE suits, etc. But till COVID-19 plays 
through this will remain and thereafter we’ll have to wait to see if this is 
structural. So that’s on the health side.  
On the motor side, your point is absolutely valid. In the past we’ve not seen  PE-
funded entity which is just going for growth. We’ve had disciplined insurers 
who’ve come into the market. So that risk is there. Having said that, we believe 
that from our perspective, we’ve taken the necessary calls that we wanted to 
this year, and we are reasonably confident that on this base we will continue to 
grow on the motor book. I’m hoping that there’ll be some price correction next 
year because of TP, etc. But even otherwise, we have geared up to handle this 
sector. We’ve done a lot of granular analysis during this year to prepare 
ourselves for a situation where this market continues to remain aggressive and 
we will still be able to compete with ourselves.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived 
Portfolio Management. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Bhargav, you mentioned about the app downloads, 1.1 million. So, are we 
happy with this number and can you share some customer experiences 
because, the app has certain very good feature, like a consultation or a diet 
planning. So, how is the customer experience been, because some of these 
things, once they’re appreciated and kick in automatically stickiness and cross 
sell can improve for us and in dental insurance there was some tie ups, or is it 
under the same policy, are some of these initiatives for creating a more 
differentiation at our retail level kind of focus? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  You are absolutely correct this is exactly our thought process on the benefit of 
the app from a longer-term perspective. If you look at the number, 1.1 million is 
just scratching the surface. We launched this app about two years back, largely 
focused on the business to employee segment which is basically the group 
health segment for employees of corporates. At that point in time our thought 
process was, this was a segment with whom we had hardly any engagement, 

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
individuals in corporates wouldn’t even realize that the insurance was from 
ICICI Lombard unless they had a claim. And a small percentage of people 
actually claimed. So the whole thought process was to build engagement and 
then very rapidly, we realized that we needed to pivot and provide a 
comprehensive solution across product lines to these customers because the 
same customer was an employee of a corporate is also a retail insurance 
customer of ours through maybe a motor or some other policy. So we have 
been consistently pivoting, we pivoted and we’ve been consistently building 
features on agile mode every 15 days we launch new features on the app. And 
the number of downloads that we are seeing is really a two year story. Right 
now we are adding almost 100,000 new app users every month. 
On the service and engagement, we are watching it like a hawk. You are 
absolutely right, we believe this will create stickiness and improve process. We 
launched the renewal and the cross sell, upsell module in the middle of this 
year, around July or August if I recollect, and MoM we are seeing good traction 
in terms of people using the app for upselling or cross selling. But on a very 
small base so the numbers are not meaningful in the overall scheme of things, 
but the growth numbers are quite phenomenal. We’ll wait for some time before 
the numbers become meaningful to talk about some of these is my guess. But 
overall, we are very clear that this is going to be a tool to build a strong 
engagement with our customers which will in the long term help us with cross 
sell upsell and we believe even loss issue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta for closing 
comments. 
Bhargav Dasgupta:  Thank you, Rutuja. Again, thank you everyone for joining this call. We are 
available for answering any other call separately, feel free to reach out in case 
you have questions and time didn’t permit us to answer those them and look 
forward to engaging you during the quarter and thereafter. Thank you and take 
care.  

 
                          
 
   
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 19, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
Safe harbor: 
                                        Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release 
which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected 
to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may 
constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These forward-looking statements 
involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking 
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to our 
ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in 
business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and 
changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies 
and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the impact of 
changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations 
and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports 
filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter company with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date there 
