Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd. Office: Godrej One, 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar, 
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai – 400 079. India 
Tel.: + 91-22-6169 8500 
Fax: + 91-22-6169 8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
 
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: - BSE - Scrip Code: 533150, Scrip ID - GODREJPROP  
       BSE- Security Code - 959822 – Debt Segment 
           NSE Symbol - GODREJPROP 
 
 
Sub: - Transcript of the conference call with the Investors/ Analysts 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of the conference call organized with the Investors/ 
Analysts on Thursday, February 03, 2022, post declaration of financial results for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021.  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
 
Surender Varma 
Company Secretary & Chief Legal Officer 
 
Enclosed as above 

                                                            
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
                                                         
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Q3-FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 3, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godrej Properties 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India. Thank 
you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Properties Q3 FY22 earnings conference call. 
 
We have with us, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Chairman; Mr. Mohit 
Malhotra, Managing Director, and CEO; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO 
of the company. We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks 
from the management following which we’ll open the forum on an 
interactive Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I’d like to point out that certain statements made in 
today’s call, maybe forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I’d like to invite Mr. Pirojsha Godrej to make his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties 
third quarter financial year 2022 conference call. I’ll begin by discussing the 
highlights of the quarter and we then look forward to taking your questions 
and suggestions. 
 
Firstly, I hope you and your families are staying safe and doing well just 
when the pandemic seems to be coming under control, we’ve been hit by 
this Omicron wave, which has spread significantly faster than the earlier 
variants. Fortunately, most people have had relatively mild disease and the 
rapid spread is also resulting in a lower duration for the wave. For these 
reasons, we believe the impact of the third wave on the economy and 
ongoing real estate recovery will be very limited. 
 
We believe the union budget presented earlier this week was very 
supportive of the long-term growth of the real estate sector in India through 
its focus on urban infrastructure and the digital economy. The government 

                                                            
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
sharply expanded CAPEX target with planned growth of approximately 
35% will create a backdrop of opportunity for the real estate sector. 
 
It was especially encouraging to hear the finance minister’s thinking on 
improved urban planning and improvements to the ease of doing business 
in the sector through announcing investments into expert committees for 
urban planning and through encouraging the states to adopt the unique 
land parcel identification number, which could deliver structural change that 
will unlock the long-term potential of the sector. It was also encouraging to 
see that for financial year ‘23, INR 48,000 crore has been allotted under 
the PM Awas Yojana for affordable housing. 
 
After recording a strong sales performance in the second quarter of the 
financial year, GPL sales were moderate in the third quarter with growth of 
only 4% year-on-year to INR 1,541 crore. For the nine months, we have 
sold 6.6 million square feet of real estate worth INR 4,613 crore, which 
represents a year-on-year growth in booking value of 13%. Several of our 
planned launches slipped into the fourth quarter due to delays in regulatory 
approvals. With a strong launch pipeline for the current quarter, we expect 
a blockbuster quarter, which will allow us to deliver strong sales growth for 
the year. 
 
From a financial perspective, we saw year-on-year revenue growth of 30% 
to INR 399 crore, EBITDA growth of 42% to INR 115 crore and net profit 
growth of 171% to INR 39 crore. More importantly, we delivered robust net 
operating cash flow of INR 385 crore led by strong construction activity 
across all our sites. We expect project completions and therefore 
accounting revenue and profits to increase meaningfully in the quarters 
ahead. 
 
On the business development front, we added two new residential projects 
with a saleable area of approximately 1.6 million square feet in Bangalore 
and NCR. Our project in Sarjapur in Bangalore will offer approximately 1.5 
million square feet of saleable area and will comprise of residential 
apartments and is a project where we own the land outright. Our project in 
Connaught Place in NCR is a joint venture, which is estimated to have a 
developable potential of approximately 130,000 square feet of saleable 
area, comprising of luxury residential apartments of various configurations. 
We also invested in a new commercial project in partnership with Godrej 
Fund Management where GPL will have a 20% stake in a company that 
develops this project in Yerwada, Pune, which comprises of 800,000 
square feet of leasable area. 
 
We exited a couple of our upcoming projects, Godrej Links in Mumbai and 
Bavdhan in Pune due to the society and our joint venture partner 
respectively being unable to fulfill certain obligations. These projects had 
been in the portfolio for a long time, but as they have not been able to be 
launched, we’ve decided to exit them. Additionally, we have also chosen to 
withdraw from Godrej Anandam in Nagpur and we will not be pursuing the 
future phases of that project. 
 
I also want to quickly highlight a significant announcement we had today, 
the Board of Godrej Properties in its meeting today approved a potential 
investment into DB Realty Limited, and also the setting up of a special 
purpose vehicle along with DB Realty to jointly undertake slum 
rehabilitation and MHADA redevelopment projects. Godrej Properties will 
subscribe to warrants, convertible into equity shares aggregating to 

                                                            
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
approximately 10% of the issued and paid-up capital of DB Realty for an 
aggregate amount of approximately INR 400 crore. 
 
Godrej Properties and DB Realty will each contribute an additional INR 300 
crore towards the equity platform focused on redevelopment opportunities 
in Mumbai. We believe this offers a lot of strategic advantages to the 
company. In Mumbai, as you all know, I think a lot of the best land parcels 
for development are available only through redevelopment opportunities. 
And we believe this new SPV will be able to effectively use the 
complementary skills of each party to successfully scale up our presence in 
Mumbai. We believe this investment can lead to project with a total booking 
value of approximately INR 15,000 crore and hope to launch the first 
project under this platform from FY24 onwards.  
 
Our focus in the current quarter is to launch a large number of new 
projects, which we think will make this a very strong quarter for residential 
sales and also to add some exciting new projects to our portfolio. This 
combination will deliver a strong close to the year and an ideal platform for 
financial year ‘23. 
 
On that note, I conclude my remarks and would like to thank you all for 
joining us on this call. We’d now be happy to discuss any question, 
comments or suggestions that you may have. 
 
Questions and Answers 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on 
their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question 
queue, you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking your question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. Participants, you may 
press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The first question is from the line of 
Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi, Pirojsha, congratulations on the decent numbers. My first question is on 
some of your projects, if you can just update us on the Bandra, Worli, 
Ashok Vihar and the Wadala project in terms of launch visibility and 
approval status? That’s my first question. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks, Parikshit. I think the -- off those four projects, the two that are most 
imminent from a launch perspective are Ashok Vihar and Wadala, both of 
which we expect to launch either by the end of this quarter or early in the 
next financial year, I think Worli, we also expect to launch within the next 
financial year, but probably towards the later part of the financial year. 
Bandra, the visibility is somewhat lower at the moment, I think the site 
clearance activities need to pick up before us having more clarity on the 
timeline for that. But -- so two of them, I think, over the next two to six 
months, and Worli later in the financial year and the Bandra one probably 
FY24. 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. My second question is in the last call you had highlighted that you 
are looking to ramp up your premium segment in the Mumbai market. So 
obviously this tie-up with DB Realty points towards that. So if you can just 
give some more clarity on the strategy intent, and why you couldn’t do it 
yourself, why you need a partner like DB Realty on redevelopment on that 
direct opportunity in MMR? I mean you being a very old player, a traditional 
player in the segment. So what’s the strategy intent of time of a DB Realty 

                                                            
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
focus in setting up a separate special purpose like for executing premium 
segment plans there? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, thanks. I think first of all, of course we will have strong independent 
plan for growth in Mumbai, including through open land opportunities, 
direct joint ventures, certain types of redevelopments, which we are 
comfortable doing on our own. So I don’t think this is by any means our 
exclusive vehicle for development for premium projects in Mumbai. That 
said, I think in specifically, the slum redevelopment space, we do think that 
there are complementary skills that DB Realty and we bring to the table 
and that a partnership will be more effective than us trying to manage the 
site level issues that are involved with slum redevelopment directly. We 
don’t feel we have the capabilities to handle that nor do we intend to try to 
build those capabilities. So this partnership is intended to leverage the 
abilities that both parties bring to the table and scale up in a much more 
rapid fashion than would be possible where we are trying to do this by 
ourselves. 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. So just last question for Rajendra. So, why is the employee costs 
coming down every quarter, in this quarter it’s about INR 19 crore, any 
specific reason why employee costs have been reducing? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Sorry, I was on mute. So the employee cost is a matter how the employee 
costs gets allocated across projects, because we have this allocation 
methodology, like as the projects get added, there are new employee 
costs, which get allocated to the project. And it also has certain amount of 
provision for year-end bonuses. That also on quarter-on-quarter that keeps 
changing. So broadly, these are the two reasons because of which you will 
see slight changes into the quarter-on-quarter employee cost. 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Lastly, Pirojsha, could you clarify on this special purpose vehicle, 
who will be doing the marketing of this project? You said from FY24 
onwards, you will be launching this project with a GDV of almost INR 
15,000 crore. So who will be the marketing front for these projects? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Godrej Properties. 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
 
Okay. Those are my questions. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Yes, good evening, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. Just again a 
follow-up question on this platform we are setting with DB Realty. Just 
wanted to understand what is the exclusivity clause with DB Realty, 
because I think some of your listed and unlisted peers also have tie-ups in 
specific projects in this area of Mumbai. Will you just clarify on that please? 
That’s my first question. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks, Adhidev. The understanding is that we would have a right of first 
refusal for all projects until the platform investment is consumed. 
Thereafter, if both sides are happy with the outcome, we can of course 
continue to scale it. But, DB is also free thereafter to work with other 
partners. 
 

                                                            
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
So just to clarify, so if there is an existing project split across multiple 
phases, and let’s suggest one phase may have been launched or 
whatever, for the balance phases also this right of first refusal lies with you 
or that is something which is outside the domain of this agreement? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I think there’ll be many projects, but of course we’re not trying to get 
into projects that have already been partnered with another developer. I 
think, the opportunities are quite significant and the number of projects 
available under these structures, we also think, is quite significant. So, I 
think, in all likelihood if another developer has already done a particular 
phase we might continue with them though, I think, we would of course 
evaluate on a project-by-project basis. 
 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sure. And you mentioned that the platform, you are looking at INR 15,000 
crore of potential booking value, if you could just understand what is the 
sort of margin profile and IRR or whatever other hurdle rates you are 
looking at when you are going to be taking up this project? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think, again, obviously each project will have its own nuances, but I 
think overall given the fact that these projects will be in Mumbai and often 
in very prime areas of Mumbai and given that the land cost is typically 
lower as you enter in these structures and if you’re buying land outright. 
We do think that these will be very margin accretive projects as they get 
developed, but I think there’s a wide range of potential price points and 
margins that projects could deliver. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
If I may add Pirojsha. If you take a look at our Bandra and Worli project as 
a representative case, and in case you acquire similar projects through this 
SPV, the margin profile could be somewhere between 45% to 50% plus in 
slum redevelopment opportunities, where we are getting land at cost in this 
SPV. 
 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. 45% to 50% is the broad guidance. Fine. And just one last question 
is on -- this is, I guess, for Rajendra to answer. We have exited few 
projects again, which you have highlighted in the presentation. Could you 
just let us -- share with us the total investment in these projects till date and 
how much we would recover if you can share it? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So there was one project at Pune, Bavdhan, we have recovered our entire 
investment along with interest. MMR is what something we have just 
incurred on the approval costs and other but this redevelopment project 
didn’t kick off with the change of DCR, this was not feasible. So there was 
not much of an investment in MMR. Anandam, Nagpur, what there has 
been done is, we have given over the development responsibility, handed 
over that site to the JV partner. The investment front is something, which 
we will be recovering from the project. 
 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. And just one last, if I may. Just, I forgot to ask what would -- in this 
DB Realty, it will be a 50:50 JV for all projects or it would vary? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
 
Yes. 50:50. 
 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
50:50. Okay. That’s it from my side. Yes. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from 
Jefferies India. Please go ahead. 

                                                            
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Hi. Just wanted to check on the launch pipeline for the fourth quarter. So, I 
mean, we have a very large part of a calendar out there, based on the 
project list, but I mean is it fair to believe that 3 million to 4 million square 
feet is likely from this or you would look at a different number? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I think we’ve updated the sheet with what we think is the most realistic 
thing. I think there are -- as in any timeframe, typically a couple of projects 
drop out due to some approval delays. So I would expect to see that given 
that now we only have two months left. At the same time, there are one or 
two that are not in the sheet that we’re hoping to bring forward. So, I think, 
it is going to be a busy quarter for us. We’ve already either launched or in 
the process of launching four projects across the country. And we have -- 
we hope to do about 10 launches during the quarter. So, I think, it should 
be a very good quarter for us from a launch perspective. And of course, 
that should flow to bookings as well as -- and I think we expect this quarter 
to be our best ever quarter for bookings. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Just to add on. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
 
Sure, Mohit, Yes. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We already have three launches already underway in Pune as we speak 
and we have got good visibility of sales in them. There’s one project which 
is under launch in Bangalore, there are two projects under launch in NCR, 
which are already there. So, unlike other quarters, we have already started, 
because a lot of it was spillover of Q3. So, three projects in NCR are 
already launched and we have a good amount of sales in them, three in 
Pune, one in Kolkata. So, we have strong sales already in place and 
couple of launches, which we are expecting approvals to come in post 15th 
of Feb, we will focus on them in the second half of the quarter. So, we are 
pretty optimistic about the Q4 number. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. And the third wave hasn’t had much of an impact on either 
operations construction wise or sales as such you would say? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Yes. None. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Mohit, you want to take that? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
No impact at all. 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. And the last question, my side. Can you talk a bit about how pricing 
has been? We have seen some of your competitors report a very high 
pricing, for example, in NCR recently. I was wondering, what’s your take in 
different markets here? Thank you. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. We have taken price hikes already across projects and in most of the 
geographies. Most of these price hikes were taken to hedge the cost 
inflation, which has already happened. There was a very large cost 
inflation, which happened last year. So we have mitigated it completely 
through price hikes across projects. Now different projects have had 
different price hikes, but we see a strong price hike. So like if I give you 
example, in Pune project, we launched the project in Q3. We have another 
project next door, like exactly next door to that project in Q4. And there’s a 
significant price hike, which we have taken. Similarly across portfolio 
sustenance projects, we have taken price hike. So we see good visibility on 
price hikes going forward. 

                                                            
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Agrawal from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is going back to the 
DB Realty platform, could we explain the rationale behind investing INR 
400 crore in DB Realty? Like does it give you -- is it that because of the 
ROFR that you want to invest in that or what advantage does it give you to 
invest directly in the company? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We thought this combined structure offered a couple of advantages. One, I 
think the partnership DB has now created both with us and with Prestige 
are quite -- going to be, we think, quite value accretive for DB. So we do 
see some value creation happening at the entity level basis the projects we 
ourselves will be executing. So in a way this was a way for Godrej 
Properties to participate in that upside that it is bringing through this 
platform. Additionally, I think given DB Realty’s other commitments, this 
creates the funding for that investment into the platform. So I think those 
were a couple of the reasons for this structure. 
 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Okay. Understood. And, Pirojsha, could you give a sense of how -- you’ve 
given INR 15,000 crore GDV, how many projects could these be? And 
probably if you could give some sense on the locations within Mumbai, that 
will be, like I’m assuming will it be towards the south of Mumbai? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think it’s a little premature for that. Honestly, the -- I think today was the 
conclusion of sort of the strategic intent, the projects, while there are 
certainly some projects already under discussion. I don’t think that it’s -- 
that we have identified the clear number and exact location of all the 
projects, some of the projects will still have to be added. So -- and of 
course the number of projects will depend on the scale, right? So you can 
have a one project of the very large or more smaller projects. So, I think, 
the focus will be to do maybe, four or five projects of the type, we have in 
Worli and Bandra, which is 1 million to 1.5 million square feet 
approximately. So that’s what we think can be done and of course, if we do 
smaller projects, the number would increase and perhaps decrease a bit if 
we do one or two larger products. 
 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Okay. Sure. And we had mentioned our intention to do more than INR 
10,000 crore of presales for next year. So, firstly, is it on track? And 
secondly, if you could give some update on the Vikhroli projects, probably 
in the next year, are we going to see some launches there as well? That’s 
all from my side. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think the INR 10,000 crore is on track. Of course, there’s still a while 
to go and we are hoping to add quite a few projects to the portfolio this 
quarter, which would add to our next year number. But yes, I think we are 
still targeting an INR 10,000 crore plus booking value for next year. And 
we’d certainly like to see a new phase in Vikhroli be part of that. 
 
Mohit Agrawal: 
 
Okay, thanks a lot and all the best. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 

                                                            
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity. So first question is again a follow up on DB, 
so our total investment from Godrej would be INR 400 crore for the 
preferential -- I mean, the warrants and INR 300 crore into the JV, so total 
Rs. 700 crore. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
That’s correct. 
 
Pritesh Sheth  
 
Okay. And in terms of… 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Sorry, just to add on out of that INR 400 core, INR 300 crore will go back to 
the JV. So JV will have INR 600 crore. 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. Understood that. Yes. Thanks. And my second question -- so are the 
projects already there with DB in terms of tenders or land or you jointly 
would be sourcing on the projects?  
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Mohit, if you want to take that? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Sorry, if you don’t mind, can you repeat it? There was a bit of noise. 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. So my question was, is the -- are the projects already there with DB in 
terms of tenders or land, or you both are jointly going to source the projects 
and then develop? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, we have already identified couple of projects, which are at early 
stages with DB. We are also looking at new opportunities, which are at 
early stages with DB. So, I think, the idea for this platform is to either pick 
up something, which is already with DB, or look at externally, what 
opportunities are there and then pick up what is best for the joint venture 
partnership. As of now, as Pirojsha said there are a couple of opportunities, 
but we haven’t finalized which one we would eventually take up. That is 
something we would like to do over the next couple of days. 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay. Okay, great. That’s it from my side and all the best. Thank you. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thank you. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Sir, my -- the follow up questions on the 
platform, I’m just trying to understand, sir, what would be the contribution of 
Godrej, it’s just funds and sales and marketing and sales, or you are also 
be involved in cleaning up this project and business development in this -- 
the platform? What would be your main role in the platform? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, sure. I think the main role for respective partners will be on the DB 
Realty side, largely around business development and preparing the site 
from an approval’s perspective and from a vacation perspective, to be 
ready for launch and for Godrej Properties to do everything after that, 
which is do the entire project as we do in all of our projects. So I think from 
the actual marketing sales, construction of the development, we will play 
the lead role, whereas from the business development and preparedness 
of the site, DB will play the main role. 
 

                                                            
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And sir, I just wanted a clarification. So all these projects that you have 
identified and you are evaluating and -- from this platform, these are -- all 
are SRA projects or MHADA redevelopment projects? I mean… 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think that is certainly the focus of the platform. We may do other 
things in partnership with DB, but the focus of this platform is around slum 
rehabilitation projects and MHADA redevelopment. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And final question on this is, I mean, of the identified projects that you 
have, are these -- I mean, are there works to be done to clean this up or 
there may be a few reckoned and cleaned up land parcels… 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, no ready-to-go sites, so that’s what you mean. All of these will require 
work, which as I said, we don’t expect this to contribute to our launch 
pipeline for next financial year and of course not for this quarter. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
 
Okay. Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you, sir. That’s all for me. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Yes. Hi, good evening. Just again on the platform, so we were subscribed 
to 10% of the paid-up capital through warrants for about INR 400 crore 
odd, just wanted to understand the details on the valuations here, because 
current market cap of DB Realty is about INR 2,300 crore. So, how did we 
arrive at this? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Right. There’s going to be additional infusion from the DB promoters and 
from the Prestige promoters and that is why the numbers are what they 
are, but our entry evaluation is just under INR 80 per share. Rajendra, 
anything you want to add? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
No, that’s right, Pirojsha. So, Kunal, it is the SEBI determined price, so it is 
a 10 days average. So it’ll be -- as Pirojsha said, it’ll be just under Rs. 80 
per share. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just a follow up on that. So what will be the infusion by DB promoters and 
Prestige promoters? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So, there would be -- I think they would be subscribing to some in total 
around 8 lakh shares. I can give you this detail online. I think that would be 
there. Exact detail, Kunal, I can share it with you offline, exactly how much 
DB is infusing and how much promoter -- Prestige promoters are infusing. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Approximately they’re infusing around Rs. 600 odd crore. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
 
INR 600 odd crore. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Give and take few crore here and there. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
 
Both the promoters combined. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So INR 600 crore plus INR 600 crore, which is around INR 1,200 
crore, approximately is what they’re contributing. 
 
Kunal Lakhan:  
 
Okay. Okay, fair enough. 

                                                            
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Approximately. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
That helps. Secondly on the -- from our side, from Godrej side, will there be 
any Board representation on DB Realty? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
No. 
 
Kunal Lakhan:  
 
Okay. All right. Yes, thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
 
 
Thank you. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swagato Ghosh from Franklin 
Templeton. Please go ahead.   
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Question is to Pirojsha. So one of your 
earlier comments, what I understood is that the INR 400 crore investment 
into DB Realty is clearly financial in nature and was not related to the 
strategic investment in the JV. Is that understanding, right? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I don’t think that’s totally right. As I said, there’s a couple of things. One 
is, I think, there is the financial aspect to it which is, we do think that DB is 
structurally significantly improving its balance sheet through the 
investments we -- DB themselves as well as Prestige are bringing in. So I 
think we’re quite confident that the company will be on a stronger wicket 
going forward. This is also -- I mean, given some of the balance sheet 
stress they’ve been under, this also allows them to create the capital for 
the platform. So I think this was helpful in pursuing the strategic platform 
itself and most of the capital from this investment actually comes into the 
platform. 
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
Okay. But they could have actually contributed in terms of their expertise, 
and you could have contributed with the capital, right? That could have 
been long-term structure rather than you infusing the money and then they 
putting it in the platform. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Look, I think there are obviously a lot of different ways we could have 
structured this, but I think from our perspective, this overall is a very 
attractive structure. Almost all of the capital we’re putting in does eventually 
end up in this strategic platform, which as I said, we think can be very 
supportive of our own strategy of growing across the key markets by 
allowing us to access land parcels in Mumbai, that we probably wouldn’t be 
able to individually get outside of this kind of platform. 
 
It also, as we said, allows us to participate in the upside that we think this 
platform creates for DB. So overall, we’re quite happy with the combination 
of advantages this provides to both partners. I think ultimately the idea was 
we do see strong complimentary skills and an advantage of a significant 
nature for both part partners in this structure, which is why we chose it, but 
as you rightly said, there could have been other alternatives. 
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
Yes, I’m talking about the alternatives because it is slightly disconcerting 
that the partnership is with DB and it’s probably the INR 300 crore can be 
clear milestone link payment, but the INR 400 crore is done, it’s invested. 
So probably if that was [inaudible], that would have been probably better 
for a company of Godrej’s standards. 

                                                            
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No. I think the INR 400 crore investment is very clearly linked to the usage 
of that cash flow. So there’s no -- it’s not that one can happen without the 
other. The money invested of the INR 400 crore, INR 300 crore has to be 
put into the platform that is -- we will of course ensure that that is how the 
funds flow. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Just to add on, out of the INR 400 crore as Pirojsha said, INR 300 crore is 
going in the SPV, we’ll be putting in INR 300 crore and INR 600 crore, 
which is sitting in the SPV will be -- the financial controls will be us to 
ensure that it is rightly deployed between us and DB. So it’s pretty 
safeguarded to ensure that the right things are done with the capital for 
both the parties. 
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
No, sorry. So if there is any major problem that you figure out in say one, 
two years, and this capital is not deployed, you can actually take back your 
INR 300 crore, but what happens to the other INR 300 crore that you do 
not have any control over, right? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Yes. We -- can you just elaborate on that? 
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
No. So I’m saying if there are -- say a few projects that you identify, but 
then, obviously, if some problems crop up and the money is not invested 
for whatever reasons, and you have to call off this JV, then what happens 
to the INR 300 crore that is coming via DB’s share? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think -- I don’t think we’re saying that there’s zero risk in any venture. 
Clearly, if things go horribly wrong, there is a way that some of this capital 
could be lost, but I think we’re also saying that there is huge upside 
potential both directly through the investment given the rerating, we think is 
likely to unfold in DB, given some of the progress it’s made on fixing its 
balance sheet and some of the progress that will be made with the 
additional funds that received. And there’s also a huge upside, as we 
mentioned for us to be able to access strategic land parcels in Mumbai. So 
you are right that in a worst case scenario, we’re cognizant this is not a risk 
free structure, but I don’t think most development investments are totally 
risk free, but I think the risk-reward balance in this situation, we’re quite 
comfortable with. 
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
Sure, sir. I’d like love to understand offline in the interest of time what other 
structures are considered, but thanks for this, this clarifies a bit. Thank you. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Happy to discuss that. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkat Samala from Tata 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Venkat Samala: 
Hi, thanks a lot for this opportunity. Sir, I’m just trying to understand more 
on this particular investment into DB Reality. So supposing just further 
continuing the previous participants’ question, supposing if things were to 
go wrong and this is again in the backdrop of one article I was just reading 
in the news that DB Realty has defaulted on the payment of INR 700 crore 
just as recently as last month, right. So what kind of forensic checks have 
you done, which kind of gives you the confidence that DB Realty will be 
able to hold on its own? And I’m not just talking about the INR 300 crore 
odd investment, right? I’m just talking maybe from a medium to longer term 
perspective. 
 

                                                            
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Sure. I think we’ve of course done some due diligence and will be doing 
more, but I think essentially what we’re saying is that we we’re quite aware 
of the portfolio of projects they already have signed up with a developer 
like Prestige. We’re quite confident of the projects that we will be able to 
sign up with the operating cash flows that will generate for DB through the 
development once the site is ready by developers like ourselves and 
Prestige. And we’re also, of course, cognizant of this upfront investment 
that is going into DB from both ourselves as well as the DB promoters and 
the Prestige promoters. And we are confident that that combination of 
improved operations due to these partnerships combined with the upfront 
and significant capital infusion into the company will strengthen its balance 
sheet. 
 
So, I think one of the things that we liked about this structure was that it 
allowed since Godrej Properties, we think is playing a part in driving that 
structural improvement in DB’s balance sheet. It is also participating in the 
potential upside that results from that. 
 
Venkat Samala: 
Okay, okay. And since you are making a lot of references to the Prestige 
promoter, I’m just trying to understand, did you also have a conversation 
with the Prestige promoter before infusing money into this? And, do you 
also think that some of the projects in the platform through some other 
means of structuring, they will also be able to participate in mainly public -- 
to the public listed entity or his own private entity? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Look, I think we don’t need -- I don’t think it’s appropriate to get into sort of 
what discussions have happened into the -- in the background. But I think 
suffice it to say that we think there’s a strategic opportunity for both 
companies to partner with DB Realty. I think, Prestige has actually already 
done that and presumably seen results since they’re investing additional 
capital and we see an opportunity as well. 
 
Venkat Samala: 
Okay. And my last question would be largely with respect to this SRA. I 
mean, whatever my limited memory serves, whatever projects have largely 
gone -- are in this particular avenue, most of them -- most of the 
developers have kind of burned their hand, right? Or the projects have not 
really produced the desired results. So how are you approaching it a little 
differently to ensure that the outcome is not the same? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think there’s often -- as we’ve analyzed there often been an issue 
with the capital structure, with which these projects have been utilized, the 
combination of skills of both being able to get the land ready for 
development as well as the capabilities to develop the land effectively have 
often been missing. And there are, of course, some examples of very 
successful projects that have been done in these structures. So I think, 
obviously, both sides have significant experience over the last decade 
respectively in redevelopment clearances as well as in large scale 
development. So, hopefully, those will allow us to avoid some of the earlier 
mistakes that have happened. 
 
Venkat Samala: 
 
Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Parekh from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
 

                                                            
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Nilesh Parekh: 
Yes. Hi, Pirojsha. Good evening. Sir, I just a bit puzzled on this investment, 
right. So this is the financial investment that we are making, subscribing to 
warrants and on the other side, you’re saying that out of that 3 billion would 
probably sit in the SPV. So on the other side, I’m also seeing that the 
promoters are infusing -- promoters and Prestige promoters are infusing. 
So couldn’t that -- they’re seeing value in that, they could have actually 
subscribed to that JV. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. Again guys, there’s obviously a lot of different ways this could have 
been structured. I think from our perspective, this from a Godrej Properties 
perspective provided a couple of key advantages, which I tried to explain. 
Of course, we could have tried to structure this without the financial 
investment, but we actually thought that the financial investment is going to 
unlock quite a bit of value for GPL given what I explained is the turnaround 
we think DB is undergoing. So we thought this was the most appropriate 
structure, but no question - it’s a new structure and there could have been 
alternate ones as well. 
 
Nilesh Parekh: 
No, it’s just like as shareholders, we obviously have options to invest 
directly in DB if we want to, right? It’s -- we don’t need a Godrej vehicle to 
do that. So, that’s where we were actually just kind of -- I was just asking 
on that because, it’s from an operations perspective, that INR 3 billion that 
into the JV that obviously makes sense in terms of the opportunity, what it 
offers, but as a financial investment I was just a bit puzzled on that, but fair 
enough. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
So fair enough. I think we’ll take the feedback. We, of course, debated this 
quite considerably beforehand. Our sense again was that through our 
operational investment, we are creating value at the holdco and that why 
shouldn’t therefore Godrej Properties’ shareholders participate in that value 
creation. But of course there are other ways of looking at it. 
 
Nilesh Parekh:  
 
Sure. Great, thanks. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from Gormal 
One. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Yes. Hi, my questions -- I had two strategic questions. First is on the power 
of leadership position that Godrej has acquired in Pune and NCR. We are 
seeing the benefits of that leadership in your project launches, the kind of 
sales bookings and all. In light of that, in what timeframe do you aspire to 
have leadership in Mumbai and Bangalore? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks, Manish. So it’s a great question. I think, we’re -- of course, there’s 
no reason for us not to have that already. So, I think, we feel that we’re a 
bit behind the pole in these cities from a scale perspective. I think, we’ve 
been putting in place a lot of different pieces of the puzzle we feel. So I 
think that scale up will happen. I think frankly, the gap today in Bangalore 
and Bombay with the top players from a scale perspective is considerable. 
So I would realistically think it would take a few years to close, but 
certainly, we think the kind of scale up that has happened in Pune and 
NCR is very much underway in these two cities as well, and would fully 
agree that they’re both huge opportunities for us. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Excellent. And my second question was on business development across 
for all India. Do we remain on the same track or -- there’s a very interesting 

                                                            
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
innovation that you all have made in the DB platform. So what -- if there 
are any significant changes in DB that we see going ahead from Godrej 
perspective? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I think, it’ll be a mix of things. We do like to keep thinking through new 
opportunities and new ways to capture them. I think given our current 
scale, any partnership where we can make significant growth with single 
partner, as we think will be the case in this instance, or for example, you 
referenced our growth in the Pune market. A lot of that actually occurred 
post us entering a strategic partnership with a developer there where we 
partnered them for six projects for a total of 25 million square feet. That is 
actually, what’s allowed us to quite meaningfully scale up in Pune and 
become the largest developer there. 
 
So we are interested in structures of that nature. We think that this Bombay 
announcement today will over time lead to similar results and allow us in a 
single stroke to scale up quite a bit. But certainly, we will also be looking at 
project by project additions through various structures, as we have been 
doing over the past few years. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you so much. And to Mohit and team frankly the best wishes for the 
large launches that you have lined up for the current quarter. It’s really a 
delight to see you all launching 10 to 12 projects comfortably in a single 
quarter. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from 
Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
 
Thanks. My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a 
question. The next question is from the line Swagato Ghosh from Franklin 
Templeton. Please go ahead. 
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
Yes, thanks for taking my follow-up. Through this forum, I just wanted to 
publicly suggest and request for one thing. If possible, can we put up this 
DB Realty investment up for minority shareholder voting? I understand it is 
not regulatorily required because of the amount threshold, like we do not 
need a threshold, it’s lower, but as a good governance practice and there 
are instances of this being done by various companies. So if that can be 
done, that could probably set aside all concerns and you can have like 
appropriate conversation with your minority shareholders and then put it up 
for voting. I would just like to request this thing for the management to 
consider. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Sure. Thanks for your suggestion. We’ll take it into consideration.  
 
Swagato Ghosh: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhanesh Shah from 
Optimum Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhanesh Shah: 
Hi, I just wanted to check on how we are planning to protect ourselves from 
any encumbered asset coming into this SPV? 

                                                            
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think we’ll obviously do significant due diligence on the individual 
and then only agree to move forward with them if we are comfortable, 
they’re suitable. 
 
Dhanesh Shah: 
But, beyond that also once you are into the project and then in case that 
some assets gets encumbered or some other reason, what is the 
protection we are going to ensure on these projects because… 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
This is similar to… sorry. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
This will be new project, which we will be identifying and there wouldn’t be 
any encumbrance… 
 
Dhanesh Shah: 
Okay. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We will be making sure. 
 
Dhanesh Shah: 
I see. Okay. That’s a little helpful, but it’s still a concern. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, participants you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The 
next question is from the line of Manish Agrawal from JM Financial Service. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Agrawal: 
Yes. Hi, firstly on the cash flows, what kind of cash flows do you see in 
terms of collections and in terms of land and construction related outflows 
for the next few quarters? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So, the collections are very steady, Manish, like you see, we have been 
doing a very steady collection, over the nine months we have done 
operating cash inflow of around INR 5,000 crore. So we expect with this 
launches and with the progress, we expect these collections to improve in 
the coming quarter. That’s how it is. As far as on the land outflows, 
obviously, as Mohit has mentioned, there are a lot of projects, which we 
are looking into the pipelines. However, sometimes the due diligence takes 
some time. So it is very difficult to accurately give you a forecast that how 
much is going to be spent on the land cost, but definitely the BD would be 
a very primary focus in the coming quarters. 
 
Manish Agrawal: 
 
Understood. And in terms of revenue recognition, which… 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Yes. So revenue recognition, there are two main projects, which is a 
plotted development. One is in Faridabad and another one is in Bangalore 
and one housing development again in Bangalore. These are the three 
projects we expect -- we’re trying to get this into revenue recognition into 
this quarter or perhaps, more or less, we should be getting those into the 
recognition in this quarter. You will see a substantial shift into the revenue 
once these projects get into the recognition. 
 
Manish Agrawal: 
 
Sure. Thank you. That’s all from my side. All the best. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, good evening, sir. My question is you have talked about this INR 
15,000 crore kind of realization booking value over the period of time over 
this JV. So, what is the timeframe for realizing this value roughly? And 

                                                            
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
also, you have talked about FY23, we won’t see any revenue coming, but 
FY24 onwards. So if you do rough math, you’ve talked about four projects 
roughly, we’ll be launching of a million square feet each, roughly, so 
around INR 2,000 crore to INR 3000 crore per year should we expect? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So the revenue recognition again, it’s a cycle, obviously, the project which 
we have launched two, three years earlier will come into the revenue 
recognition. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Sorry, are you asking about this platform or… 
 
Aman Vij: 
Yes. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
 
Okay. Sorry. My mistake. Yes. Mohit, go ahead. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
 
You are asking about the new platform we have at DB, right? 
 
Aman Vij: 
Yes. And on the sales. By sales, I mean, booking rather than revenue. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Got it. So basically see, if you look at it typically any slum project would 
take approximately two years to clear. Now one could expedite it, but I 
think on an average one can expect that. And so, in a two year’s 
timeframe, one can start expecting the projects to come into the picture in 
terms of sales and revenue. I think once, given our ability to sell, I don’t 
think selling is a challenge. Once the site gets cleared, our ability to sell is 
very fast, I think, but realistically two years hence is when the first set of 
launches would come in from this platform. So, I think, that’s how we 
should look at it. After that there’ll be kind of a consistent stream of slums 
getting cleared and launches happening on a regular basis. 
 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. That’s it from side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ to ask a question. The 
next question is from the line of Sri Karthik from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sri Karthik: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. The warrants, which are classified as 
financial investments, is there any lock-in period before you could start 
liquidating it in the market? 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So there is a six-month -- as per the SEBI prescribed guideline, there is a 
six-month lock-in from the date of conversion of the warrant. 
 
Sri Karthik: 
And the reason you mentioned this as financial investment is you intend to 
liquidate it at some point of time given the various nuances involved. 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So this is the financial -- as per the accounting classification, this is a 
financial, because it cannot be classified as an associate JV, or a 
subsidiary. So it’ll be a financial. Obviously since it’s a financial, it will be 
fair valued and it can be liquidated after the lock-in period. Although, we 
have not decided that we will have to liquidate since we are into a 
partnership that call we will be taking at that point of a time. But for us, it is 
more of a strategic platform than a financial investment. 
 
Sri Karthik: 
Understood. That was -- that’s clear. The second question is because 
there’s another partner, a larger developer involved in this platform, when 
you mentioned about INR 150 billion of GDV and likewise, Prestige would 

                                                            
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
also have some such amount in mind. How has this been allocated in the 
overall scheme of things between the -- between Prestige and GPL? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, I think first of all, our strategy platform is only between DB and GPL, 
Prestige promoter companies at the DB holdco level and not at the SPV 
level. So that’s the first clarification and what -- whenever we are speaking 
about this INR 15,000 crore and all of this, we are talking about our 
strategic partnership at the SPV level. So Prestige has already signed up 
some large projects with DB and I’m sure they will be independently 
working with them on those projects. And we intent to get more projects 
through this SPV into our joint venture. 
 
Sri Karthik: 
Understood. Because you mentioned there is a ROFR for a certain period 
of time. 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Correct. 
 
Sri Karthik: 
Would it mean that during the period Prestige would not be able to 
evaluate and find further SPV level transactions? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
See, we have a ROFR with DB, till that time our investment is fully 
committed and utilized, they will be -- DB will not be showing this -- any of 
these redevelopment opportunities to any of the competitors, which also 
includes Prestige in this case. And, I think Prestige already has a very 
large portfolio with them and they didn’t also had an intent to grow it 
further. So I think it was a win-win for all the three parties and that’s how 
we have moved it, but our ROFR is very clear and complete on this. 
 
Sri Karthik: 
 
 
Awesome. Thank you.   
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA 
India. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. So, just clarifying that you would not be 
considering any of the existing projects of DB Realty into this platform, 
you’ll be looking at only incrementally newer projects to be included in this 
platform, is that correct? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, we won’t be looking at… 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Either, we can look at both existing projects that they have at an early 
stage or new projects. So both of those will be potential. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. Sure. My second question is on -- again on the GDV of INR 15,000 
crore, right? I mean the total platform investment would be about INR 600 
crore. How do you come at that -- the estimate of GDV of INR 15,000 
crore? Also a parallel question is on the success of slum rehab in the past, 
like, we have seen many developers with the likes of Omkar, Akruti, or 
Uptown, HDIL, Unitech many years back faltering on these projects. These 
are long gestation projects with too many moving parts and some of them 
get stuck for decades, if not years. How do you plan to do this differently? 
How does this platform plan to do this whole slum rehab differently? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Mohit, you want to go ahead? 
 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, I’ll answer your first question first. I’ll give you a rough idea. We are 
working on Bandra and Worli and actually actively talking to our partners 
saying, is there a way we help you clear the slums? And we got an 

                                                            
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
estimate that between INR 150 odd crore, one could clear these slums and 
INR 150 crore could easily become INR 200 crore. So let’s just take 
between INR 150 crore to INR 200 odd crore is the kind of investment one 
takes to clear a Bandra or a Worli kind of slum. Now, if you look at either of 
the two, the booking value potential is upward of INR 5,000 crore plus in 
each of these projects at a fairly conservative prices. So just INR 150 
crore, if you just do two of them or three of them, you would be spending 
between INR 450 crore to INR 500 crore, maybe INR 600 odd crore and 
getting a booking value potential of INR 15,000 crore plus. 
 
Now, if the market change and inflation kicks in, obviously the INR 15,000 
crore can easily shoot up, but we are just kind of guiding it basis the 
current estimates, which we have for our projects in Bandra and Worli. So 
it’s a very straightforward calculation. We can share with you more details if 
you want. 
 
On your second question, you are right, there are many people who have 
tried in past. I think, there are two things which are very important for any 
of these partnerships to work -- in fact, three things. One is what is the 
capital structure for the entity, which is trying to do it? We have consciously 
taken a call to do this through equity route with DB. So -- because time is 
always an unknown variable in slum redevelopment business, the equity is 
the right model. So that is one thing which many people have taken loans 
at very high interest rate and then it created a lot of stress in them and 
loans had a very fixed tenure. So it created a lot of negative cycle, which 
we have resolved to the structure. 
 
The second is we are pretty confident of DB’s ability to do redevelopment 
and slum clearance. And I think one can see they’ve already cleared the 
first slum for Prestige in BKC, which I had also seen. So we remain quite 
confident in their ability to do it. We’re also jointly controlling the cash flow 
on how the slums will be cleared and the strategy for deploying this capital. 
So we will be very strongly controlling that particular aspect, while giving 
operational freedom to DB. 
 
And third is most of these partnerships again had failed because the 
people who are doing slum clearance are also trying to sell and market and 
do development, which is a very different business. So, I think there’s a 
very clear complementary skill, we are bringing. We feel given our ability to 
execute and do development, DB’s ability to do -- execute and do slum 
clearance and the right capital structure with right financial controls and 
execution controls, we should have a winning partnership. We remain very 
confident. 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. And then one last question is again on the infusion by the promoters. 
I mean, if they wanted to infuse money in DB Realty, both the promoters 
DB as well as Prestige, was like Godrej infusing the money work like a 
contingency for that like, or -- because they could have done it and then we 
could have done -- we could have easily had a much cleaner structure by 
the promoter infusing in DB Realty and then DB Realty doing a platform 
separately with Godrej without the intertwining of the structure. So just 
wanted to understand whether Godrej using the money in DB Realty was 
like a condition for the promoters, both DB Realty and Prestige to infuse 
the capital? 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I don’t think there was any conditions. And for now, I think we’ve done 
our best to explain our rationale on what the logic was. I think we obviously 
had a lot of discussion around what the requirements of each partner was, 

                                                            
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
what both sides hope to get out of it, what structure we thought best 
addressed the dual requirements. And we continue to think this structure 
does do that. I think what everybody is sort of position was before, etc., 
perhaps is not appropriate to discuss. 
 
Kunal Lakhan:  
 
Sure. Thanks, Pirojsha and thanks, Mohit. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
 
Thanks, Kunal. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks, everyone. I hope we’ve been able to answer all of your questions. 
If you have anything further or would like any additional information, we’d 
be happy to be a resistance. On behalf of all of us, thank you again for 
taking the time to join us today. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Godrej Properties Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
