 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 1, 2022 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on website of the 
Company and can be accessed on the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sona Comstar Q3 & 
9MFY22 earnings conference call. Please note all participant lines are in the 
listen only mode as of now. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions, after the presentation concludes. Please note that this call is 
being recorded. We request that you place your lines on mute except 
when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward looking in nature and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer related questions or confirm or 
deny any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality reasons. 
Please refrain from naming any customer in your question.  
 
Now I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and 
Digital Commerce Research, India and Lead Auto Analyst at Nomura. 
Kapil, please go ahead, thank you. 
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
Good evening everyone, to take us through Q3 & 9MFY22 results and to 
answer your questions, we are pleased to welcome Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, 
MD and Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Manohar Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr Vikram 
Verma, CEO of the Driveline Business; Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO of the 
Motor Business; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO and Mr. Amit Mishra, Head 
Investor Relations. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Vivek for his opening 
remarks and the presentation which will be followed by a Q&A. 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you Kapil and good day everyone on behalf of Sona Comstar I'd like 
to welcome all of you to our earnings call. 
 
Slide 4: 
 
So, we’ll begin with the not so good news. After many quarters of strong 
growth and financial results, the effects of the semiconductor chip 
shortage have caught up with us in this quarter and we have had a quarter 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
 
with flat revenue growth and decline in EBITDA. And although there is a 4% 
growth in reported net profit, it includes a one-time tax benefit. Now, 
despite the low sales and headwinds on material prices, freight costs and 
all other input costs, we managed to maintain our best in class margins at 
the same level as last quarter and I'm quite proud for our team which has 
done a stellar job of managing costs improving and while they're good in 
good times, they are quite exceptional in tough times and the one note of 
optimism that I would like to add here would be that in our opinion 
December 2021 was the lowest point of the chip crisis and from here on we 
should start seeing gradual improvement every quarter, although full 
resolution remains a few quarters away. The massive silver lining in this 
environment was our battery electric vehicle revenue growth, where we 
more than doubled our revenue. And this also shows how much the 
conventional business has fallen this quarter.  
 
Slide 5: 
 
To demonstrate that point further, if we were to look at the data of US and 
Europe, our two largest markets, sales are down 22% year on year. In fact, 
the last quarter was the second worst quarter of auto sales in US and 
Europe after the global financial crisis of 2008. So yes, we've had a flat 
performance. However, we hope that it is seen in the context of our 
industry and its situation. And another data point worth noting here, is that 
even for the nine month period of this fiscal, these markets are down by 1%.  
 
Slide 6: 
 
While in quite stark contrast to that, we managed to achieve 54% growth in 
revenue, 65% growth in net profit in the same nine-month period. And this 
has happened due to our consistent business development efforts with our 
customers and improving our share of wallet and global market shares 
which have reached 6.3% for Differential Gears and 4.6% for Starter Motors 
at the end of calendar year 2021, which is a solid improvement over our 
position at the end of calendar year 2020.  
 
Slide 9: 
 
Now for the better news, the update on our strategic priorities beginning 
with EV. So, our BEV revenue share has increased to 23% on the 9M period. 
It was 14% in FY21. In absolute terms, it has grown by 168% to reach over Rs. 
355 crore in the first 9M of this fiscal, and it gives me great joy to report that 
we've added 4 new EV programs from 3 new EV customers just in this 
quarter alone. And these are all large wins. The new wins are, differential 
assembly program from an existing customer for Europe, an E axle program 
for an Indian three- wheeler new customer, a motor and controller 
program from another new Indian three-wheeler customer and a very 
unique and new product program for a new customer for the European 
market which I'll elaborate upon a little later. With this, we reach 24 electric 
vehicle programs across 14 unique customers.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 31 
 
 
 
Slide 10: 
 
 
Now we've made this chart to help provide more transparency and clarity 
on the penetration of our electric vehicle programs. And as you can see, 
our EV story is quite global, quite deep and with 17 programs not yet in 
serial production, quite indicative of strong future growth.   
 
Slide 11: 
 
And now let us share with you about the new order win, for an entirely new 
product for us. And although this new product has nothing to do with 
propulsion since the end vehicle is electrified, we've included it as an EV 
program. So, what is happening is that with the advent of electrification 
and autonomous vehicles, there are many new, interesting, and 
challenging opportunities. One of them is around smarter suspension. So, 
the product we are making is the integrated motor controller module or 
IMCM, which goes into something called a Predictive Active Suspension 
system. Now, we don't make the whole system, we just make the motor 
controller plus software module of it. Now, let's see a short video that 
demonstrates this product because it's hard to explain in a short time what 
the product does. So Pratik, if you could please play the video.  
 
Video Plays: 
 
So, this is a futuristic suspension system which has our Integrated Motor 
Controller Module which senses every bump and speed breaker and then 
independently responds to all external disturbances. In simplistic terms, the 
motor generates an exact counteracting force to mitigate the impact of 
uneven road surfaces so that the vehicle glides over all kinds of roads. This 
capability extends further to anticipating oncoming potholes or road 
disturbances through the geospatial software and react with lightning 
speed. Now, whether the passengers are in the front seat or rear seat, the 
ride becomes much smoother with complete avoidance of motion 
sickness. In fact, it's several orders of magnitude smoother than a vehicle 
without a Predictive Active Suspension.  
 
Video Stops. 
 
Now, of course, there are three reasons why this new order win is so 
important for us. First, this validates our faith in the power of innovation. This 
new product has only been successful due to our extensive R&D on Belt 
Starter-Generator or BSG, especially the thermal management and the 
software modules. And this also proves our hypothesis that owning and 
controlling our primary technologies gives us the ability to keep iterating 
and innovating and finding multiple different applications and products for 
the same technology. Second point is that with almost two million lines of 
code per IMCM, it also validates our belief that the ability to integrate 
hardware and software, will keep getting more important as vehicles and 
the systems inside them get increasingly smarter and more autonomous. 
And third, of course, commercially this is quite significant as it adds a 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 31 
 
 
brand-new revenue stream for us as a Company. And with this first single 
order alone, this win alone adds up to Rs. 400 crore revenue per year. And 
it also means that our order book is shaping up in such a way that in FY26 
we will be generating more revenue from Traction Motors and Active 
Suspension Motors than we did from Starter Motors in FY21, which is a 
complete flip from what this business used to be three years ago, which of 
course brings me to our net order book.  
 
Slide 13: 
 
On the back of these four new EV wins and some new non-EV wins at the 
end of Q3, we've reached 176 billion, or around $2.3 billion dollars versus 
136 billion last quarter. The EV part of the order book has increased from 
58.5% and 79 billion at the end of Q2 to 66.4% and 116 billion at the end of 
Q3. And this ratio is expected to continue increasing. Another thing to point 
out here is that although we continue to win new orders in the electric two- 
wheeler and three-wheelers based in India, in value terms, almost 90% of 
our EV order book is still passenger cars and mostly from outside India. We 
want to mention this to illustrate that while we are and will continue to be 
participating and benefiting from the India EV story, we have a much-
much larger growth driver in the shape of electrified passenger cars in the 
global markets. 
 
Slide 15: 
 
Now coming to diversification, we begin as always with revenue cut by 
powertrain. Here increasing BEV share from 1% in FY19 to 23% in the first 9M, 
underlines the dominant and secular trend and the reciprocal trend also 
that our exposure to ICE has been reducing in every period to reach now 
19%.  
 
Slide 16: 
 
Moving to geography - this quarter had fairly disrupted schedules, so has 
changed the percentages a little bit, but overall, the mix remains balanced 
across all our four major markets which are North America, Europe, India 
and Asia. As I said last time this mix will keep changing from quarter to 
quarter depending on the performances of these four markets and more 
critically our customers' performance in these end markets. We are fairly-
well diversified to mitigate issues that any one specific end market. 
However, the dynamic around the virus and the supply chain shortages 
which affect everyone will affect us like any other player in the industry.  
 
On products - our revenue share from Differential Assemblies has grown 
from 5.6% in FY20 to 26%, which is a fairly-dramatic increase. In the coming 
years, we will also add the IMCM product that we just showed to this chart 
and hopefully keep continuing our journey from a components player to a 
subsystems and systems player.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
 
 
Finally, coming to vehicle segments where there are three inferences. CV 
demand, especially in India is starting to gradually pick up, gradually being 
the operative word. Off highway segment has weakened. And thirdly, our 
efforts on the traction motors and controllers in the electric two-wheeler, 
three-wheeler space have finally started showing some results and they 
have reached a full percentage point for the 9M period. With that, I'll turn 
the call over to our Group CTO, Mr. Deshmukh, to discuss our approach to 
technology. Over to you, Sir. 
Mr. Deshmukh: 
Thank you Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
 
Slide 18: 
 
Yet 
another 
revolution 
in 
personal 
transportation 
accompanying 
electrification is triggered by connected, automated, and autonomous 
vehicle technologies. While electrification has been fostered by the 
concerns about global warming and regulations, automation of mobility is 
driven by the technology, societal benefits relating to safety, convenience, 
reliability, and equity. Automation technology that performs at least some 
aspects of safety critical control function without direct driver input is not 
binary but there is a spectrum of levels of automation. So, the Society of 
Automotive Engineers International essay categorizes automated driving 
functionality into distinct levels summarized by the level of driver 
involvement during operation as depicted in this slide. We all know, I mean 
it is well known, cruise control, lane positioning have become standard 
features in many mainstream automobiles. The advent of sensor 
technology, connectivity, high speed computing, high-definition mapping, 
complementary infrastructure development and regulatory frameworks will 
transition automation to higher levels in the not-too-distant future. So as 
automation moves to higher levels many systems and subsystems in the 
vehicle will get smarter and closely, they will need computing inclusions in-
situ memory, integrated sensing, and actuation functions. This presents 
many opportunities for suppliers like us who can and will integrate 
hardware and software to develop the new generation of systems.  
 
Slide 19: 
 
So, our technology roadmap which is now expanded as you can see 
compared to the previous call, addresses both the revolutions taking place 
in mobility. So, it displays our vision of becoming a significant player in 
electric vehicles and autonomous and connected vehicles. The product 
roadmap is intended to show our past, present, and future products, so the 
dark area here shows our legacy or core products, Differential Gears and 
Starter Motors. The blue area shows the products that we have developed 
in recent years and which we are offering to the customers which our 
current products and the products shown in the white area are currently 
under development in our R&D center, our aspirations for the future. So, our 
competence in hardware and software engineering, integration and 
thermal management have allowed us to expand our product range into 
the growing autonomous and connected space as exemplified by the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 31 
 
 
recently introduced Integrated Motor Control module that Vivek just now 
showed, which offers comfort and convenience to the occupants of the 
car. So, with that I will hand over to Rohit to cover the financial update. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh, a very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to 
share our third quarter and nine months results with you. Merger of Sona 
BLW and Comstar India has become effective on 28th January 2022 with 5th 
July 2019 as the appointed date. The reported standalone financials 
therefore are reflecting the merged accounts of the two entities for the first 
time and comparable periods have been restated accordingly. The 
merger, however, doesn't have any impact on the consolidated financials 
reported and being presented here.  
 
Slide 21: 
 
I will start with the Y-o-Y comparison for our third quarter results. Our overall 
revenue grew by 1% to Rs 4.94 billion, our BEV revenue however, grew at a 
robust pace of 108% to Rs. 135 crore, our non BEV revenue is however lower 
by 15% mainly due to a decline in the industry sales by 22% in our key 
markets of US and Europe. Our EBITDA margin at 26.4% is within our historical 
range. Better product mix had a 2% positive impact on the margin, 
whereas adverse impact of 5.5% came from increase in the material prices. 
Out of this 5.5%, 4.2% impact is despite the material price pass through to 
the customers because of the arithmetic effect of revenue and costs going 
up by the same value. Balance 1.3% impact is due to the material price 
increase wherein price pass through was not available to us. Our reported 
PAT of Rs. 864 million is higher by 4% on a year-on-year basis. Higher 
depreciation, lower interest and other income put together had an 
adverse impact of 0.4% on our PAT. In the third quarter however, we have a 
one-time tax impact which has increased our reported PAT, adjusted for 
this one-time impact, our PAT would be Rs. 738 million and PAT margins 
would be at 14.9%.  
 
Slide 22: 
 
Earlier in our presentation, Vivek had shown you the graph of Europe + US 
sales over the last 13 years or so. As you would have noticed one of the key 
takeaways from there is the seasonality effect on the sales from quarter to 
quarter within the year. In view of this, we feel quarter on quarter 
comparison may not be providing any useful insights and therefore we 
have decided to discontinue with it from this quarter in our presentation. 
So, I will straight away jump to the nine-month comparison now on a Y-o-Y 
basis.   
 
Our 9M revenue grew to Rs 15.81 billion which is higher than the last full year 
revenue. Our BEV revenue grew by 167% and non-BEV revenue grew by 
37%. And this is despite a 1% decline in the industry sales in our key markets 
of US and Europe over the same time. Our EBITDA grew by 41% to Rs. 4.24 
billion with a margin at 26.8%. Positive levels for the margin where the 
product mix at 3.2% and operating leverage at 1.6%. However, there was 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 31 
 
 
an adverse impact of 5.7% due to increase in the material prices out of 
which 4.3% is despite the material price increases pass through to the 
customer and balance 1.4% is due to price passed through not being 
available to us. Besides this, we also had a higher for forex gain in the 
comparable period last year, which had an adverse impact of 1.6% on the 
margin. Our PAT has grown by 65% to Rs. 2,569 million which is also higher 
than the last full year PAT. Depreciation, interest cost and other income 
had a positive impact of 1.3% on the PAT margin. One time tax impact and 
reversal of IPO expenses had a further positive impact of another 1.4%.  
 
Slide 23: 
 
Finally, we move on to the key ratios. Now here we have made some small 
changes from the last time to ensure a more consistent reporting. For return 
and turnover ratios in case of P&L items, we have now shifted to last 12-
month numbers instead of the annualized numbers which we were using 
earlier and for balance sheet items, we have moved to average of 
opening and closing numbers instead of using only closing numbers which 
would appreciate the ratios calculated because it was at a given point of 
time. 
 
VA/Employee cost in our case has improved to 5.6 times compared to the 
earlier two years and this needs to be appreciated in the inflationary 
background that we are in where in the material costs are going up. 
 
Our RoCE and RoE ratios at around 36% demonstrate a continued robust 
return profile. Our Net Debt to EBITDA ratio has turned negative as we have 
paid off the long-term debt from equity proceeds raised earlier in the year 
and Capex for the year so far has been funded largely through the internal 
accruals.  
 
Lastly, on the turnover ratio, the Company continues to demonstrate 
efficient management of its working capital and fixed assets as both the 
turnover ratios have further improved from the earlier two years despite the 
market headwinds. 
 
With this we come to the conclusion of our quarterly earnings presentation, 
and I will now hand the proceedings back to the Nomura team. 
Moderator:  
Thank you everyone. We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. If you 
wish to raise a question, please use the raise hand function located at the 
bottom right of the WebEx page. We will unmute your line and prompt you 
to speak. Or you may submit your questions via Q&A chat box addressing 
all panelists. Please be reminded to keep your questions to a maximum of 
two questions. If you have more questions, please return to cue. Thank you. 
 
The first question will be from Mr. Deepak Yadav, an individual investor.  
Deepak Yadav:  
So my question is for Mr. Vikram. So, I saw your interview with Bloomberg 
where you rightly mentioned that after a while being in EV auto ancillary 
will not be enough as this would be other communal. So how you look into 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 31 
 
 
the future with respect to innovation? Like do you want to really go into 
connected vehicle space, autonomous vehicle space or supplying 
automotive software etc.? And would you think of extra (inaudible) for the 
same. Second question is, I believe two-wheeler EV adoption will be faster 
than four-wheeler, so how are you are planning this opportunity? What are 
your plans here?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So thank you Deepak, good question and thank you for watching me. So 
two parts, the second one I think we can address first.  Pratik, we do have in 
our appendix slide which shows our strategy on electrification. Now 
Deepak to your question. If you look at the slide, we have always kind of 
positioned ourselves that in India it is the two-wheeler and three-wheeler 
market that is going to be electrified first, perhaps followed by the bus 
segment, but we want to play in the two-wheeler, three-wheeler space 
and that's where our first generation of PMSM and BLDC motors etc. are 
there and we're trying to make use of this opportunity. However, I tried to 
also mention that even in the motor business because our technology, now 
the same technology can be applied to different use cases if you actually-
own that technology and can find different applications. So when we were 
doing the research on BSG which is more for a torque assist to provide for a 
hybrid vehicle, the same research got us to that point that we could come 
to that you know the Active Suspension Motor, that is exactly what our 
roadmap tries to depict when we say that we are going into autonomous 
and connected and I think there is this perception that an autonomous 
vehicle does not mean that it is a robot taxi which is driving itself with no 
human, it is a journey. It is a journey that may take 15 years to get there 
may take 20, may take 10. But the thing is while it happens all the 
components and systems will continue to get smarter and by smarter, I 
mean it will have intelligence which is decision-making ability which will be 
done, heuristically and hence an algorithm would be required, and it will 
require memory. So, the question is not that whether we will get into 
software, we are in software, like this IMCM that we're making has two 
million lines of code. I don't think there is a choice. I don't think any 
hardware player worth their salt in the next 10 years can avoid having 
software. And how many lines of code per gram of metal will become 
important. I mean, in the modern car today it has 100 million lines of code 
in it. So it is already happening and we have to move in that direction. We 
have added that dimension to our road map. And we will continue to 
progress on it. I think the last time we spoke we had about 20-29 software 
engineers. We are expanding that, and it will cross 50 by the end of this 
year. Acquisitions was also in your first question. So yes, definitely wherever 
we think there are capability gaps we would acquire, we are not very JV 
focused. Usually we are, like I said, we like to own and control our 
technologies so that we can iterate so that we can keep experimenting, 
will not get it right all the time but keep experimenting and then we will get 
to another use of something that already existed. So, the R&D money that 
went towards, you know the development of the BSG. We haven't sold a 
BSG yet. We don't have a commercial order for a BSG yet. But we 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 31 
 
 
managed to from that same research, add an entirely new revenue item 
into our P&L which only happens if you truly understand and own your 
technologies. And I think that is the kind of Company that we will continue 
to be. You know, product roadmaps evolve, as you've seen in the last nine 
months we've changed our product roadmap, this time around, strategies 
evolve, acquisition, all of these things evolve. But your core identity, who 
you are as a Company, that doesn't change. that endures. That is our 
value. We are an engineering company which focuses on R&D and 
innovation. I think that's something we will continue to be. I hope that 
answered the question.  
Deepak Yadav:  
Exactly. And thanks for this explanation. This answers my question. Thank 
you. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora of Axis Mutual Fund.  
Nitin Arora:  
Sir my first question on this very interesting new product that you showcased 
today. So, I just wanted to understand that how one should look at the 
potential of this product in other OEMs? You said, you know, you have 
made this for one particular OEM, if you can throw some light, you know 
how fast this can eventually become more potential with the other OEMs? 
And you know, does that really add on a big cost to the vehicle or it's more 
of a very game changing product, you know, which would eventually get 
adopted. So that's my first question.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Nitin, a very wise question. You are wise. It is an expensive system. It is not 
an inexpensive solution. Right. If you add, I think this was a question and 
someone had asked about hub wheel motor. If you add four motors to 
each wheel, it is a very expensive solution to what has been answered 
today mechanically. However, like I said, it is the order of magnitude is just 
different because the chassis virtually remains stable while the wheels go 
up and down, because what you're doing is a counteracting force. 
However, like I said, the cost is quite high. I mean there are four of these in 
one vehicle that itself is a big deal and I think each one; Sat, how much, 
how many times more of a Starter Motors would be one of these motors?  
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
It will be around 4-5 times.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, 4-5 times. So, it is expensive, Nitin. So, our guess, this will be only for E 
and F segment vehicles for at least the next 5, 6 or 5 to 10 years. It will be 
limited to E and F segment. E and. F segment today, I think would be 
around three million annual volume. So that's the total addressable 
universe. With E&F segment as a proportion of the total passenger vehicle 
space expanse that I don't know. if that expands the opportunity expands. 
However, over time in the fact that we should know about automotive 
industry and technology in general. Right, everything starts out being fairly-
expensive and you know, targeted towards the luxury or upper middle-
class segment. However, it does come down over time. When ACs were 
launched in cars in India for the first time, it was seen as for the upper 
segment. Over time it becomes something that is ubiquitous in every 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 31 
 
 
vehicle. But yeah, it will take time. For the next 5 to 10 years, I think E&F 
segment is where it is, after that maybe it can go to the D segment.  
Nitin Arora:  
My second question related to your views on the passenger vehicle, 
especially the electric penetration in India. As you said, you know, because 
the direction you have laid out earlier as well. But any progress for us in the 
DA part, in the motors part for the passenger vehicles and your views in 
terms of penetration in India in the passenger side? And just one more part, 
as you stated in the earlier opening remarks stating about the gradual 
improvement in chips. You think when you say gradual, one should assume 
a quarter-by quarter run rate increasing? That's what you were about to 
say about gradual or is it like that, you know, let's look at beyond the 
second half of F23, that's where the right picture to look at it. Those are the 
two questions, thank you very much.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Okay, I’ll answer the second one first, till then Pratik, just take this to the 
world map of the EV programs for the first part. So, the second part, I mean, 
look the chip shortages is the supply demand mismatch which was at its 
widest I feel in mid-November and end-December, the gap has started 
narrowing. Will it go to zero, right, will it go to zero is when no one has to, no 
automaker is forced to not sell the car or not make a car because there is 
a supply chain issue, I think that demand-supply mismatch going to 0%, 
that's a few quarters away, that's a few quarters away. However, it will 
continue to narrow from here. For some people, some OEMs, it may come 
much earlier, it may come mid-2022, some it will come end 2022 and some 
it will come mid 2023 that 0% point. So, it will keep improving though, and I 
think you will also see that a lot of people have found some clever hacks to 
reduce the number of chips in the vehicles, especially in the A and B 
segment. So, you will see those things also coming in. People, this is very 
rare that you're sitting on an opportunity, and you can't monetize, so 
everybody is out there trying to do their best. All I can say is the worst is 
behind us, it will keep improving. Full 0% supply demand mismatch when 
we again all go back to talking about demand issues. That's a while away.  
 
Second, in India to answer the question Nitin, if anything in electrification 
happens at least on the driveline side, we will be a part of it. In motors as 
you know in passenger vehicles, we don't have a product yet for traction 
so that we continue to work on when we do have it, we will update you. 
But if there is a PV opportunity or let's say a number of electric vehicles sold 
in India in passenger vehicles, what is our market share in differential gears 
in India, that much we should be able to get in the electrified part of it also, 
but it's still small. The value is that opportunity is still small, Nitin. 
Nitin Arora:  
I'll come back in the queue, so thank you so much for answering. Thank 
you.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from BoFA.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
I had two questions, firstly on the BEV differential assembly, just trying to get 
a little bit more color on this. Can you share how many active customers, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 31 
 
 
you know the ones in the serial production are there in the BEV differential 
assembly right now? And also, if you could share, what is the market share, 
globally in the BEV differential assembly? I saw the market shares shared for 
diff. gear and starter motor, but I'm not sure if you shared this number. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, so I don't think we have it but from what I remember, Pratik, what 
was it, 12.5% to 14% between that?  
Pratik Sachan:  
Yes, yes.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
How much? Which one?  
Pratik Sachan:  
Yeah. So, it was one out of eight vehicles. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Gunjan, so 12.5% but we don’t actually actively track it, I’ll tell you the 
reason the denominators is changing far too quickly for us to know in a 
more. See, total number of vehicles is easy, but then you have to break it 
down to the total number of vehicles, how many electrified and then there 
is a third order thing, which is, how many differentials per vehicle, which is 
the hard part because people don't give data, highlight how many cars 
we sold and how many cars were, you know, four-wheel drive vs.  two-
wheel drive. And that's when it becomes challenging to get market share 
of differential assemblies. And your first part of the question again, we have 
to go back to the map. I'll just answer that. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
While you’re going to the map, the reason I asked this is, I'm just trying to 
understand given the opportunity, size is growing so quickly, you know, how 
should we think about the market share in this category and you know, this 
whole opportunity in the compact vehicles which you touched upon last 
time. How should we think about that? I'm just trying to get some sense you 
know, if I have to think about, you know, next 2-3 years, there is going to be 
some normalization of market share, you know, as the market is expanding 
so fast so you may be just share some thoughts around this.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So I get your question, I would say market share is not the way to look at it 
because in a very fast expanding market, it isn't really market share, but 
you should look at absolute revenue and is that growing fast enough and 
are there new programs being added. And to be honest, a very, very few 
that we are not in either gear or differential assembly both. The points for 
us, at least the strategies, see I know to the outside world it may be that, oh, 
let's take one product differential assembly, how much market share, trying 
to figure that out, then gear. It is in every electric car out there. We need to 
be either differential assembly preferably, but if not through other guys who 
are our competitors in the differential assemblies try to get in the gears. 
That's our approach right now, it's maximized to the extent possible, and 
which is why. So, you see the North America. We are four customers and 
eight programs. 3 are in serial production means these have peaked 
already. So these programs, the production rate is not going to increase, 
the fight that are there which says an order book means some of them 
have not started and some of them have started but have not reached 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 31 
 
 
peak potential. That's what it means. How many are active? I can't tell the 
top of my mind. Pratik, would you know how many of these are like have 
begun production? 
Pratik Sachan:  
The total that would be, I think, six.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, Gunjan that's what I'm saying because something that begins, let's 
say this quarter will not ramp up to full production at least for a year. So that 
will continue to, that's why we made it light blue instead of white that circle. 
We thought it would give some clarity. Even we have doubts on this one. 
And how do we represent it. In Europe also we have two unique customers 
for the DA. and this is not just DA, not gear. In Asia again the opportunity will 
continue to increase. I don't think we should be very fust about the market 
share as an analyst who tracks performance, I think and even us internally 
as management, we track is the revenue growing faster and are we 
increasing the number of total programs, because very hard to right now 
bet on who will win five year-round and which programs will win, which 
customers will win. That's a hard thing. So right now, our strategy is to get in 
almost as many as possible. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. The second question is for Rohit, you show the margin hit 
because of that denominator effect, but I mean keeping all that aside, I'm 
just, you know, there has been a mix improvement with BEVs increasing. Is 
there a huge decline that we have seen in the starter motor business? 
Because you know, that's where the hit is coming from. So, is it just because 
of the commodity inflation or it is also because we're trying to expand our 
market, you know, market share, so we are going into newer geography, 
you know more sustainably how should we think about margins?  
Rohit Nanda:  
So I think our guidance on the margins remains within, you know, the 
margin range that we've stated, which is 26-28%. So, as you know, we do 
not actually separately you know, talk about individual business volumes or 
numbers etc., so we actually don't do that in this section, but I mean 
maybe partially answering your questions. So, if you look at the margin 
impact of, positive impact of product mix, so this is this 2% is net off, 
everything so it includes if there is any adverse impact on an inferior 
product mix sort of going up and on the other side some positive gains. So, 
this 2% is the net impact of that. So, on the whole the product mix I mean 
it's not only the BEV part, BEV of course is contributing but even otherwise 
also product mix has changed for better during the quarter.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay got it. I'll join back to you, thank you.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, Gunjan fair question I think what we can say, at this stage, it should 
remain between that 26 to 28, 14 to 16 PAT, 26 to 28 EBITDA. We have 
balanced within this range for the last five years and we don't see it, we 
don't see much risk in the near term, I mean as your, I was reading one of 
your notes, you also expect commodity prices to soften so it should ease 
from here on, but time will tell where the commodity is going.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 31 
 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Mr. Chirag Shah from Edelweiss. 
Chirag Shah: 
Two questions. Question one, the new product that you have showcased, 
so this one and five odd crore revenue that you were indicating this 
represents what kind of volumes. And the related one is why the SOP is so 
back ended, is it the completely new line that is coming? A new model 
that is getting launched. Or is it tied to that? Can you explain that why it is 
backend from 25? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
100% Sir, whatever you say, we'll explain. But we can't give price away. 
Right? Because you have to understand this is a public thing and our 
competitors are also going to look at this transcript and say oh these guys 
price this much let me price $5 below. So obviously if I give you volume, I 
have given you value you get to price right? So that they'll be shooting 
myself in the foot and all of you who are investors in the foot too, so that we 
can’t do. And 25, I think that's fairly that's how automotive is. If you get a 
new order, from getting the order to SOP is a 18-to-24-month cycle for any 
new program right. And yes, it is a new model. Because we are only 
making the IMCM, the motor software and controller part of it. But the 
whole system has to be changed, means the entire suspension, the chassis 
everything has to deliver. The vehicle onboard controller, the vehicle 
computer, the system is far more sophisticated than the part we are 
making, you're making one part of it, which to us is quite sophisticated but 
the overall thing is very-very smart. I mean imagine this thing is predicting 
that because it looked at the map and it knows that there is a pothole and 
it automatically adjust your chassis so that you will never feel that. Why is it 
more important as vehicles become more autonomous is when a human 
driver swerves to avoid a porthole, you know, you excuse the driver, but if a 
robo taxi or automatic autonomous vehicle does that, you would think 
something wrong with the vehicle. So as things become more autonomous, 
a lot more systems have to become smarter and it's a journey that you've 
seen that. Earlier in vehicles a lot of functions were done by the human 
beings. If you needed to move your window up, your hands, energy used 
to crack that thing. I mean before Starter Motors, you used to crank the 
engine to start it. So it took human potential and kinetic energy to actually 
function, slowly that got given to mechanical, then later hydraulic and 
then later electro hydraulic and electromechanical parts. I think we are 
moving when it is smart electronic hardware parts where the decision to 
move also is being taken by the machine or the system itself. And this is a 
journey that's been continuing for the last 30 years and will continue going 
up. Why we say it's an opportunity is because we feel that these kinds of 
disruptions suddenly take away the legacy advantage. You know, if you've 
been making suspension systems for 50 years, you're not disrupted. 
Suddenly this new thing comes somebody from outside that field is also 
capable of doing it. Which is why I think there is a great opportunity for 
people who can move quickly and hopefully we will be able to keep doing 
these new products and keep innovating so that we are not constrained 
by the how much market share of which product I have questions and we 
can, you know, start delivering our own journey.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 31 
 
 
Chirag Shah:  
And sir, who would be your competitors in this? Are there any competitors 
in this kind of product?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Not that we know of. So Active Suspension Systems have been around. If 
you go on Wikipedia, you will see that a lot of people, a lot of OEMs have 
tried to do it, mostly it's in-house. So, I mean, if you want competition will be 
OEMs themselves that they also do some version of it, but we are a supplier 
of that system. So, I don't know, Sat you want to add something here. 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
It will be very difficult right now to say who will be the competitor. But yeah, 
definitely, I mean, OEMs were doing this for some of their high-end 
applications, but I think it's very difficult to, at this point of time to say who 
the competition is. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Chirag, obviously, so for Sat and his team and who have developed this, it 
is a matter of fairly good pride. I know, I mean, you know, to take the 
commerce part of it out and take what impact it has on other things, 
material things. But a Company from India is making a product that we are 
now discussing; is there competition or not? That itself is a fairly big thing for 
an engineering Company that we are doing something so new that we 
don't really have competition. There isn't really that big a market also 
because it is random as a system, but these things will increase over time.  
Chirag Shah:  
No sir, it's a great achievement. No doubt about it. The fact that you are 
launching this kind of a product itself is a great achievement. The second 
question was on the BSG Motor. You had indicated that there are vehicle 
trials underway; any update on that side and when can we see some 
traction on that because that itself will be a big opportunity. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
True. So, I mean, although how much we have budgeted from it for the 
next year, we've already got through this. So, anything that comes will be 
great, but no positive news so far to actually report as you know, we like to 
keep things to ourselves unless it is definite, and it is a purchase order. So, 
no point, you know, counting chickens before they hatch, when we get it, 
we will report, you know that. 
Chirag Shah:  
My last question is for Rohit. EBITDA margins are not necessary the right way 
for looking into a business, given the pass through. As an analyst, what is the 
number that we should look at? You rightly pointed that the EBITDA margin 
given the numerator-denominator impact, can keep fluctuating based on 
how things, how commodities behave. So, internally what do you monitor 
and what is the number or the parameters that we should monitor? 
Rohit Nanda:  
Look the numbers we monitor are EBITDA and PAT only, I mean from the 
profitability standpoint, of course there are multiple other parameters. But if 
as an analyst you're looking at it, I think EBITDA basically is a core business 
profitability and how we are deploying capital will kind of flow down up till 
the PAT level, so these are the two key indicators we also track and we feel 
EBITDA margins are important because like I pointed out seasonally the 
revenue will go up and down. But since we are quite committed to you 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 31 
 
 
know, reasonably high return on capital and equity, so that is something 
which is for us a key focus area.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Chirag I will answer it in a different way. EBITDA is the right metric, although 
just personally, I think EBIT is a better metric for manufacturing companies 
especially which are fast growing, you shouldn't let depreciation affect that 
because if it is going towards growth Capex. However, let's stick to that, I 
think a better answer is that if you look at it from a slightly longer timeframe, 
if you look at this business from a three-year lens, and see EBITDA is within a 
range rather than every quarter of what it is because commodity prices do 
have a large numerator-denominator effect. I think that would be the 
better way, which is why if you've noticed every time we are asked, we 
always say 26 to 28 we don't actually talk about a point because we do 
understand that it goes up and down without much actually changing 
because of just the mathematical impact of it. And look in auto, like you 
asked me, why is it taking two years; - this is how it is, it isn't a very quarter on 
quarter tracking business because no programs are also short-term, once 
you win a business, it is going to be there for 6-7 years and in driveline case 
it is 10-15 years. So, it is more, like I said, but you know we are new to capital 
markets, so we won't try to say more. YTD is a much better way to look at 
businesses than every quarter because there is also you saw that there is 
huge seasonality if your focus towards US & Europe, December has the 
Christmas holidays and it will have that impact in Europe, August has 
holidays, so European market will have that impact. These are things that 
are there and that are part of the industry cycle. It is a cyclical industry. But 
yeah, I mean over a three-year time, the range should hold, if that is 
getting depleted, then it's something that's changing in the structure of the 
business and that's something to watch out for. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Priya Ranjan from HDFC Mutual Fund.  
Priya Ranjan:  
Hello, I've typed in-actually. I was traveling so I thought, the question has 
been in question box. 
Kapil Singh: 
Can you visualize the share of the two-wheelers and three-wheelers in the 
overall business after 2-3 years based on the current order book and 
assumption of electrification? Acquisition of new product is for totally new 
customers or new program for existing customers?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sorry, that's many questions. Okay. Let's just keep taking it one by one. 
What is the first part? Can you visualize what would be the market share in 
electric two-wheeler space? 
Kapil Singh:  
…In the overall business after 2-3 years, what would be the share of EV two- 
wheeler and three-wheelers and what is your assumption of electrification 
basis that?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Rohit would you like to take that? So, in our revenue, what percentage of 
our revenue is electric two-wheeler, three-wheeler. And let's say FY 24. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 31 
 
 
Rohit Nanda:  
FY24, I think it was 5% is what we had taken. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, it must be more. I mean if you take 3 wheelers as well. 2 wheelers or 3 
wheelers or just 2 wheelers? 
Kapil Singh:  
Two-wheelers and three-wheelers. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I think we started with a 5% assumption at least our internal thing. 
Kapil Singh:  
I think you can give a broad range will also help to just get the direction. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, I think it will be around 10%. That's the number broadly l will go with 
Priya Ranjan, I'll reach out to you and answer this more specifically because 
I will have to look at the math actually, see this keeps changing because 
we just won 2 new programs this quarter for electric three wheelers and I 
have to see how much they ramp up to in FY24 and then add that revenue 
to the projection that was already made, so it is quite dynamic. But 10% I 
guess should be a safe one. It should be slightly higher than that. So what is 
the second part, Kapil?  
Kapil Singh:   
This is acquisition of new product. Is this for totally new customer or a new 
program for the existing customer? 
Priya Ranjan:  
Hi Vivek, I wanted to ask is whether this new program is, or the new product 
which you have shown is for the new program for the new customer or new 
program for the existing customer? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Oh, it's this new product right. This active suspension motor. This is for a 
brand-new customer.  
Priya Ranjan:  
Oh great.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Actually, yeah, it was pretty-cool in that sense that we also added three 
new customers who weren't customers before. So, which was pretty-
remarkable in just three-month period. 
Priya Ranjan:  
And their geography if you can mention? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
That I mentioned for new programs in the chart. Okay, so I'll just repeat the 
four new programs that we have won. One is the differential assembly 
program for an existing customer in the European market. One new 
program which is the e-axle program that's for the Indian market, three-
wheeler customer, a motor and a controller program, another L5 variety 
three- wheeler Indian customer. And the fourth is that motor program 
which is for the European market brand new customers. These were the 
four.  
Priya Ranjan:  
Thanks, Vivek. That's all from my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Narottam Garg from CWC Advisors.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 31 
 
 
Narottam Garg:  
Hi Vivek, congratulations on, you know this integrated suspension order win.  
I think it's a big validation of you know, us moving into the technology 
leadership aspect. I just wanted to understand what kind of product 
complexity and in-car integration, does this product involve, if you could 
comment on this, and the complexity on, you know, just supplying 
hardware-based products to now hardware plus software-based products. 
Or does this change your profile as a tier 1 suppliers. So just wanted to get a 
sense on these two. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Good question. And I let the person who has done this answer it and 
actually take the credit instead of me talking about. It. Sat, over to you sir. 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Yeah, I think the product is very, very technologically advanced product 
and it encompasses mechanical, electrical, hardware, electronics, and 
software. And this comes with a lot of additional features, I mean other 
requirements. It has to be autosar compliant. It has to be SLC and SLD in 
terms of the safety of the product and it will take a lot of our efforts and 
resources and the knowledge to fully develop this product. And the 
response time for this motor to react is in milliseconds because it's 
predicting the future and the bumps and our potholes on the road on the 
uneven surface on the road and reacting to it. And it has to integrate with 
the motor controllers. It has to integrate with the E.C.U. and the master 
controller and invertor of the vehicle along with the sensors in the car. So, 
it's a very-very advanced system and the module and its reaction time, as I 
said, I mean it’s so fast and the motor's durability has to be at the highest 
level during the operations. So, it's a very-very sophisticated product. I hope 
I answered the questions here. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So to add towards what Sat said, so there are two great challenging 
aspects to it. One is of course the software part of integrating all this and 
integrating with all the various other moving parts in the vehicle, including 
the sensors, and the second is the thermal management. Now that learning 
came to us because we did that hard work on the B.S.G system etc. 
because motors notoriously get hot, especially if it moves so much. So these 
are the two things that make it a complex engineering problem and it's 
challenging and hence worth doing and hence also commercially you 
know, profitable.  
Narottam Garg:  
One more question where I’d like some sense, are you working on this 
product for other OEMs or other programs of the same OEM as well? And 
second, the huge addition on the software engineer side, if you could 
comment on what kind of, I know you can't talk about specific projects, 
but broadly, if you could talk about, why is such a big addition of software 
engineers? Is it that you're moving towards more hardware + software 
integration in the overall product profile? Some sense on that if you could 
share.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So yes, I think I did mention that by the time 2026 roles are out and you 
know, if you heard our IPO conversation, we said that 2030, it was a target 
to have the motor business give us more revenue from traction motors and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 31 
 
 
other types of motors that go into electrified vehicles, rather than the starter 
motors, which are in ICE. It is a deliberate business strategy to take away 
the ICE phase out risk much faster than anybody else so that we're not 
caught short. We are reaching that goal in 2026. However, all of these new 
motors, if you look at the, this active suspension motor that we spoke about 
right now, traction motors because they come with motor controllers again, 
have a lot of software integration because the controller has a lot of 
functions that it has to tell the motor when to draw power from the battery, 
give it back to the battery. It has to manage the communication of the 
motor with the vehicle. It has to do the WhatsApp mention about auto SAP, 
the SLC, SLD the functional safety elements, it has to monitor the health of 
it. Cybersecurity is a big one. So, because I mean these are moving 
vehicles. If you can act into them, you have actually made literal weapons 
which are in somebody else's power that can control them. I mean 9-11 
was two claims right, which you're physically overtaken, here, sitting remote 
control if you can control these vehicles and thousands of motors and you 
can use them to take them wherever you want. That's a big, big, massive 
security risk. So cyber security protocols to build into these motors become 
far more important. So, as if we moved from, I would say less intelligent part 
to smarter parts. The kind of engineer and the kind of talent we would need 
keeps changing, which is why that big ramp up. I think we put out a job 
requirement for 50 new roles in the last quarter and all of them are around 
that area, cybersecurity, functional safety, hardware integration, testing, 
software. This is the new normal. 
Norotum:  
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mota from Stallion Asset. 
Kapil Singh:  
I guess we can't hear him. Let me read out the question: Where do you 
think the two-wheeler segments should move towards? It has currently 
moved from 0.1% to 1%. I just want an understanding on the future aspect 
of the same.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So we take two-wheeler and three-wheeler as a category. It should 
become about 10% of our revenue in FY24, the same answer I gave to Priya 
Ranjan. Beyond that we can't really say it maybe a little less if electrification 
is slower than anticipated. However, looking at policy and Government 
intent, it doesn't look like it will be slower. It may be faster. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Anoop Gulanikar an individual investor. 
Anoop Gulanikar:  
Hi Sir, the order book which was displayed in the beginning of the slide 
showed that the order book is 176 billion. Can I just get an understanding 
over what period with the revenue will be recognized? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, I am sorry I didn't do that preamble this time because this was the third 
quarter. So, we do the first two quarters we explain exactly how it is. So I will 
just read out it is in the notes below- the net order book is basically the 
aggregate revenue from the awarded programs, which are either yet to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 31 
 
 
start production or yet to fully ramp up in the next 10 years after, and this is 
why we call it net order book after adjusting the negative impact of all 
programs that are reaching end of life or be phased out and then we also 
apply a reasonable, I would say, discount because if you add up all the 
orders from customers, customers as they should be are all very optimistic. 
So you have to apply your presumption in kind of calculating what it should 
be.  
Anoop Gulanikar:  
Okay Thank you so much sir. I actually didn't read the note below. Thank 
you for the explanation.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No-no it's not your miss, its ours. I just thought we said this twice, so I didn't 
want to say it again.  
Anoop Gulanikar:  
Thank you so much. So that's it from my side.  
Kapil Singh:  
Let me read out a few from the Q&A box.  
 
Do you see supply chain related issues due to container availability?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes is the short answer. Long answer is, what we are managing with all of 
this is despite all this freight rates are 2-3 times what they used to be, but we 
are managing, no-no that is literally the job of management, these things 
will happen, there will be headwinds and we have to see how much we 
can do despite all of these difficulties and there will not be a time in which 
there are no difficulties at all. So some thing or the other will always 
happen. But yeah, it's an ongoing issue. However, the bigger issue, the 
biggest issue continues to be the issue of lower sales because of our 
customers' supply chain issues.  
Kapil Singh:  
We have another one from the line of Pragya Shah from Concept.                      
Any update on magnet less motors? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes, I will ask Mr. Deshmukh to elaborate. But before that, yeah, we have 
tried four ways already of making magnet less motors and we have failed 
in those. Now we know that four ways that it won't work, one way it worked. 
It gave the required output, but it was too big and heavy in one way, the 
efficiency wasn't good enough, one way the torque wasn't good enough. 
So yeah, we are continuing to try. Mr. Deshmukh, you want to add 
something sir?  
Kiran Deshmukh:  
So, we have sort of, I mean this is a journey and like any R&D project you 
have to try many, you have to do experimentation and you have to try 
many things and something works, something doesn't work. So, there is a 
learning. So, there is a progress that is happening, and we are now building 
some proof-of-concept prototypes, and they will be tested and if we 
succeed, then probably next meeting, next call, we may be in a position to 
say something about it. There's a progress happening, and progress is of 
course because there are many options and there are many technological 
challenges, and you have to overcome one after another.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 31 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, we have another one from Mohit Sai, an individual investor.                      
Can you comment on the capex plans and how they are going on? What 
is the capacity utilization?  
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah, sure. So, capex we had given an update last time. We actually had 
revised our estimated capex number for this year down from Rs. 652 to Rs. 
450 crore. So right now, that's where we are and we feel that our final 
capex for the year will be ballpark in that range. And in terms of capacity 
utilization, so for our driveline business, if I look at on the gear side, our 
capacity utilization will be about 80%. Differential assembly capacity 
utilization will be actually 100% plus, and on the motor business side, I think 
the capacity utilization is about 450% from the last quarter.  
Kapil Singh:  
Okay. Thanks.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
One request, today there is no time limit. Let's take every single question. 
Because I do get requests from people afterwards that they weren't called 
out. So, let's have everyone, I mean it's important. Look, when you have a 
quarter in which you have like very, very good financial growth etc. maybe 
you don't need to answer so many questions. But when it's been a flat 
quarter like this one we think we owe it to people to answer every single 
question that we can. So, we'll be here till every question is answered.  
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, the next question is from Jinesh Gandhi of Motilal Oswal.                      
On your expanded technology roadmap, can you elaborate on timelines 
for getting into autonomous connected with vehicle components, which 
components are you targeting for this new segment? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
This active suspension one is in a way an autonomous product because 
what does autonomous mean again, like I said, it's not the end goal of a 
robot taxi. It what does it take for a vehicle to become more autonomous? 
First level is hands and feet, the removal. The second is the eye and the 
third is the brain, right? You're taking the human being out of the equation. 
So we are already on it. Next, as we have put, there are bots which are 
also for wider applications which we may look at like I said, mobility 
definition does not have to be constrained to automotive and within 
automotive, not only a car, anything that moves a device, that moves 
people or goods from point A to point B for us is mobility and motors that 
can go in or gears or gearboxes that can go into these components and 
make them more intelligent. All of them are open. It isn't a definite defined 
roadmap. We are evolving as a Company, we are evolving our roadmap 
and it will continue to change. Innovation cannot be held to a standard 
and said, here is a map and let’s make this. It often happens like by 
serendipity, like this one we were out to make the BSG system and ended 
up making an application that we haven’t thought of when we went 
towards it. So it may change. Yes, the intent like I said is there and as 
vehicles become autonomous and connected, we will seek our 
opportunities in that area and as we identify specific products, we will keep 
adding to that. That's why we left so much white space on that product 
roadmap, so that we can fill it and when we do, as we said to you 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 21 of 31 
 
 
everyone, and we always keep repeating, we will transparently share with 
you as it's evolving our successes as well as our failures, we were not going 
to hide anything. 
Kapil:  
Sure. Next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research.  
Anika Mittal:  
Good evening everyone. My questions is regarding new program win 
having a peak value of Rs. 405 crore, when will this project start 
contributing to top line? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
S.O.P is FY25. So yeah, then I think it's written on that slide, but FY 25 it won't 
reach peak in FY25. Peak should be FY26, it will start contributing enough by 
FY25.  
Kapil Singh:  
Okay. This question is from Anirban Sadhu, an individual investor.  
 
Is the Company looking to acquire any foreign players in overlapping 
segments to cater to European players or looking to bundle products from 
other manufacturers and export composites rather than individual 
components so that some premium can be charged?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
That's very specific strategy suggestion instead of a question and Anirban 
thank you for that. I mean look, acquisitions unless they are done, they are 
not done, right. So, it is very wide, we can have all the intent in the world. 
We can target a few companies, but only benefit when it is completed, 
signed, then it will be, it is worth sharing also. So, intent alone cannot solve 
transactions. So, we will share when it is relevant and ready to be shared.  
Kapil Singh:   
Okay. This question is from Karan Kokane of Ambit Capital.  
 
Tesla often mentions that software revenue typically is a higher margin in 
nature and has potential to significantly enhance overall margin profile as it 
scales up. Will our supply of software solutions for autonomous vehicles 
materially enhance our margin profile ahead? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So in general, let's just take it generally, anything that is replicable infinite 
number of times is always going to be more profitable. So, when we say 
that every IMCM has two million lines of code. What you have to remember 
is I don't have to write these two million lines of code again, it is written 
once and now if we have only one motor module sold, that's hard luck to 
us and we will probably never recover our money. But after a while, every 
other iteration of a product sold is at no additional cost. Yes, we will 
continue to have to update those systems, keep adding it, keep making it 
more elegant. But that is the inherent beauty or power of technology or 
software. It compounds over time as the cost gets distributed per units sold 
and the profit margin keeps increasing. That is the power of anything that 
has software running. Actually, that is a power of anything that has 
technology driving, when you acquired technology for the first time like we 
did with let's say with precision project, it takes a lot of effort and our 
margins kept improving because that same technology is being applied 
over time and over each iteration, your initial cost gets amortized, it is the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 22 of 31 
 
 
nature of it. And of course, software has the most applicability. So yeah, 
that's in general question. It doesn't matter if we do it or who doesn't.  
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, this question is from Arun an individual investor.  
 
What is the accuracy of the 1.7 billion order book for 10 years? For 
example, in the last three quarters, is it on track with the projections? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So in normal times, I would have said it is within plus mind, like I said, we've 
already picked in some conservative estimates to ensure that it is always on 
it. It's just that the last two years in the automotive world has been, well I 
think in any industry have been so up and down, that things are more 
dynamic, and the standard deviation of error is far larger than they used to 
be. But yeah, plus minus 5% on a 10-year basis because the thing that 
affects these kinds of things is usually delays in program. But delays in 
program do not last. Like you can try to make it very specific to a year or a 
quarter of programs, it often gets delayed in their logic, but not in a 10-year 
time frame. It makes a degree of error far less.  
Kapil Singh:  
Okay, let's go back and take some of the questions from the question que. 
Next question is from the line of Naresh Suthar from SBI Life Insurance. 
Naresh Suthar:  
Yeah, thank you for taking my question. Partly it has been answered. So, it is 
regarding the future product slide which you are sharing. Can you share 
how many of these future products have already crossed the R&D hurdle 
and are nearing the commercialization, will be helpful. Some of them you 
have already mentioned like magnet less and others. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, so magnet less would also still be in the R&D. Mr Deshmukh, you can 
explain the slide. Prateek, you can put that slide on. See if it is white, it is not 
in commercial production yet.  
Naresh Suthar: 
No, no, I'm saying that might. Okay, it's in the R&D state is still not over. That's 
all.  
Mr. Deshmukh:  
Yes, whatever is in white is in R&D currently. Once it is commercialized, it will 
come into the blue.  
Naresh Suthar: 
Understood and of the products which we already have commercialized, 
in the blue, in how many programs are in discussion like future potential 
funnel, if we want to understand?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
All of them have many future programs as well. Even actually forget the 
blue, even the black ones, they continue.  
Naresh Suthar: 
What I meant was like this quarter we have one fourth programs. So 
likewise, you must be having active discussion with your many customers. 
So any final number you want to give?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, no, because this is the thing, I mentioned last quarter. These things 
happen over a period of time that we once saw this quarter, but it isn't that 
we started the conversation this quarter. Most of these conversations have 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 23 of 31 
 
 
been happening for a year or more. They just concluded this quarter. So, 
there are a lot of conversations, that number would be lots like in dozens 
and dozens of conversations going on. There may also be that there is a 
quarter when nothing happens, you have nothing that you conclude and 
no new wins that can also happen. So, they get one step sometimes. I think 
last quarter itself in Q2 what happened was we had very few new wins in 
the last quarter. This one we were fortunate that many programs 
concluded. So that will happen. I think it's more prudent to look-into the 
year basis, because these conversations, all of them like it keeps taking12-
18 months for these conversations to conclude.  
Nomura:  
The next question is from the line of Hitesh Goyal from CLSA.  
Hitesh Goyal:  
So my questions are basically just wanted to understand from you, globally 
we are seeing mechanical parts getting shifted to electric parts, right, 
especially in EV's. I know you are already thinking about it, but just wanted 
to get a sense that if the drive line business actually shifts to a motor 
business, which is not something we are seeing across the board right now, 
very few OEMs globally have started doing that, but what is the cost 
economics here? How do you think about it and how are you preparing 
organization for that?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So I think I answered this question in the other way when I think Nitin was 
asking me the potential of the active suspension motor. Same thing. So to 
replace mechanical parts with electrical and electronic parts, let's say you 
take the hard wheel motor or a quad motor thing and put that concept 
and take away the two differences. Your cost goes up by 4-5 times per 
vehicle. It does enhance top delivery because you've given four 
independent torque delivery points. However, the cost is very high for 
anyone except E or F segment player to do it. So it is limited to that, which is 
the same thing. So, this has a counter point to it that if we make such a 
product, our opportunity is also limited by that same thing. So our risk and 
opportunity for both I think in that over time I also did add that maybe 20-
25 years it will change significantly if people find ways, because what are 
you doing, you're taking two differential assemblies, which is essentially a 
set of gears, and replacing them with four independent motors which are 
all smart. It's an expensive, fairly-expensive solution to be honest. So again, 
that will not be relevant for many vehicles. It is relevant for, let's say, highly 
torque hungry SUVs which have-to do off- roading etc. Similar, to how 
much is the EDL market? Like even in this matter where there is a step, that's 
the extreme step, right, that's replaced mechanical completely and put 
electronics. There is a mid-part, which is the electronic differential lock or 
the EDL, which is kind of an electronic electromechanical parts. So, we are 
on that, we are migrating to that ourselves.  
Hitesh Goyal:  
Yeah, my impression was also that, I just wanted your thoughts on it. My 
second question is actually that one of your big customers in BEV, actually 
on a concall, in the recent earnings concall, has alluded to the fact that 
they are also now seeing chip shortage becoming an issue which they 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 24 of 31 
 
 
actually did very well in CY 21. They were the only guys who grew 
significantly where other guys declined. Right. But they have also talked 
about delaying some of their launches because of chip shortage issue and 
maybe scaling up production to not to the extent the market is expecting. 
So are you also seeing some impact of that going forward in your business 
or you know you're on track on what you have guided in the past, say for 
FY 24, FY 25  kind of numbers. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Hitesh you know we won't take customers specific questions and it is 
their strategy and their problem and they will guide the market as they do. 
But in general, I can answer that this chip shortage thing is not something 
that affects one person, it's affecting everyone. We have various estimates 
from all the customers we talked to, some people are getting out of it as 
early as Q3 of this calendar year and some are going to take till Q2 of next 
calendar year. So, it's a spectrum. But for everyone, this is a problem. I don't 
think there is anyone I know who's completely untouched by this.  
Hitesh Goyal:  
Great, great congratulations and All the best for the new order.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from IDBI Capital.  
Mahesh is not audible. Let me read out his question which he’s put into the 
Q&A box as well.  
When will the four European customers from whom we have received 
orders start contributing to our sales? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So one of them. Let's go back to that chart again. Actually, these are very, 
very specific question. One is already active, but not ramped up and two 
are yet to start production. One has well, we already said FY 25 for the 
active suspension. And the other one will happen I guess in, Pratik is it FY 23 
or FY 24? 
Pratik Sachan: 
That could be FY 24.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So one active ramping up, one FY 24 and one FY 25.  
Nomura:  
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Saha from Edelweiss.  
Nilesh Saha:  
Just need your help in understanding the avenue cuts, right. So, one thing 
that I am seeing is that the Q over Q growth in North America is fairly high, 
about 61 odd percent. But we don't see a commensurate Q over Q growth 
say in your differential gears and assembly side. So just having a bit of 
trouble in reconciling this if you could help with that.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Nilesh to be completely transparent. I don't think we look at these data 
cuts. Q-o-Q of business is not very quarter oriented. Because if you think 
about it, all programs are running and now let's say you have one customer 
which you have and the geography also for that matter, one customer, 
one program that is the same platform used in every market globally. In 
some quarter that customer says, you know what, I have enough inventory 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 25 of 31 
 
 
in this market, why don’t you supply everything to the other market, we’ll 
do that and these mixes will change. The point is when you are seeing our 
answers in everything when people are saying, oh you have done this, 
when will it start? It takes two years to start, it takes two years to win. But 
when it comes it also stays for 10 years. So not much changes, the things 
we have to watch out for is our first order problems, are vehicles being sold 
in the world or not that affects everyone and that includes us. Second are 
our customer vehicles being sold or not? And the third which is more of a 
motor business issue which is the third level of abstraction, which is, are the 
platforms or models that I supply to within their customers are they being 
sold more or less? And it keeps changing from week to week and right now 
because supplies are constrained, what many OEM's are doing is they're 
prioritizing certain models which have more profit per unit. See for an OEM 
it is how much revenue did I produce this quarter? Let's say you have only 
100 chips and the demand is for 200 vehicles, what you'll do is you'll make 
100 units which have maximum per unit profit. Now because you've done 
that, you choose models, you don't make all 200. For a component guy, 
volume matters and which model you're on. So if you're not on that model 
that has been prioritized by the OEM for that quarter, you would be left out. 
But my request is, I don't think there is much inference or insight to be 
gained on quarter on quarter market shift or customer shift because a lot of 
it is also we do for clarity and transparency trying to put programs by 
geography, a lot of them are becoming global programs. So you supply to 
multiple locations from the same part, same program and then, customer 
decides that do they want tools delivered in that geography or for that end 
market or not?   
Nilesh Saha:  
Yeah, I mean I see what you're saying, but my question was that in one of 
your large geographies right, where you basically sell three product lines.. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
We can go back to that slide, see all geographies are pretty much equal. 
Yeah, right so North America India, Asia, and Europe are pretty much 
equal..  
Nilesh Saha:  
So I'm not questioning that. I just see, I see the point that I am trying to kind 
of just understand better from you is that in Q1 and Q2, you did about Rs. 
140 crore in that geography that has suddenly gone up to 220, right? I 
mean, so, so it's not to kind of pinpoint which customer and all. I'm just 
trying to understand if something has changed in terms of something new 
ramping up, right? Or you made a point about some OEM choosing to 
produce more in North America vs. Europe, right? So just trying to make 
sense of this ramp up, Q1 Q2 vs. Q3.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I think it's more a question of what has reduced rather than what has 
increased. So actually, this is a relative thing that because this is common 
sense to 100 because it's a percentage. I don't think there is anything that 
has increased a lot in North America. I think other markets have shrunk 
much more. Hence that looks like it has increased more. I don't know the 
absolute…  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 26 of 31 
 
 
Nilesh Saha:  
…So I did the math. I mean I converted these percentages. Anyways I see 
your point. I take this broader message from you to not scrutinize these 
quarterly but if I still fail to understand something, I will reconnect.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Please come back and actually let me ask Rohit to help you out here 
because I personally haven't looked at this cut because any analysis that 
doesn't yield specific actions to us is not very meaningful to us as 
management. So I haven't done that. But Rohit, do you know, I actually 
don't even remember what it was at the end of Q2 which is why I'm at a 
loss. 
Nilesh Saha:  
About Rs. 140 crore was North America revenue. Anyways. I will reconnect 
if I need any further clarification.  
Rohit Nanda:  
What I was saying was actually I think it's the answer that you and I also 
don't have the data which he's looking at. But my sense is it is because of 
the redistribution of the supply chain by some customer. 
Nilesh Saha:  
Okay thank you.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sunil Bhojwani, an individual investor.  
Sunil Bhojwani: 
Hi Vivek, it is an absolute delight to always hear you on your con calls. I 
have a question regarding the recall. So, if any of the OEMs have their 
vehicle recalls due to a faulty product or faulty equipment of ours, So what 
exactly happens in that case? Who bears the cost? And has it ever 
happened in the past?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, scary question, has not happened in my tenure. Mr Deshmukh has been 
in this industry for 40 years. So I would ask him to answer because I don't 
have the knowledge and experience.  
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Well, it has never happened in Sona BLW, but if there is a recall on account 
of our product being defective, obviously, we will have to bear the 
expenses. It will depend upon the contract, particular contract with the 
customer. But in the past so many years we never had any such problems.  
Sunil Bhojwani: 
Okay, that's good news. So basically, it's contract specific.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah. And we don’t have anyone from legal on the call, but I think it is 
limited to the value or the sum-total of value of parts supplied. So, I think 
there is a limitation that we tried to build in the contracts, right. Rohit, would 
you have any idea?  
Rohit Nanda:  
We have not had any instance like this.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  But from others, Vikram, Sat, have you seen from others in the industry? 
Because it should be the same for everyone?  
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Well, personally, I have experienced long ago in Sona Koyo Steering when 
there was a recall on account of a defective steering. And at that time, 
actually, what happens, the practical issue here is, it's very difficult to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 27 of 31 
 
 
pinpoint who is to blame or where the actual problem lies because 
ultimately the parts we make go into a system and then they go into a 
larger system which is an automobile and very often who is responsible if it 
is the product or it is the assembly of the product on the vehicle or it is 
interaction with another system. So it is a complex matter. So therefore, it is 
very difficult to answer this question, but in short, I think it is the agreement 
with the customer which dictates these things.  
Sunil Bhojwani: 
Okay, okay, that helps. And my second question is a follow up to the active 
suspension product. How is it different than the adaptive suspension? And is 
it a more value-added kind of adaptive suspension? And I'm assuming that 
this one new product has added three new customers. So they must be the 
luxury car segments or the luxury vehicle segments? Am I correct in reading 
that?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So it is currently only one customer. The other programs that were added 
were for differential assembly, E Axle and motor controllers separately for 
four new programs and one was for this, it was just one customer, and you 
are correct that end vehicle is a luxury vehicle. But for the first part Mr. 
Deshmukh if you would like to share. 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Yeah, sorry could you repeat, I couldn't get your question.  
Sunil Bhojwani: 
Yeah, I was asking that, how is it different from the adaptive suspension 
And is it an advanced level of adaptive suspension? This active suspension 
module that we have made.  
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Firstly, I think there are different kinds of systems for suspension especially this 
is of course going into high-end vehicles and so-called adaptive suspension 
is in existence for a long time and there are different technologies being 
used. This is one particular type of technology which is using electric motors 
as a actuator and added to that because of the recent developments in 
data capturing, sensor technology and also connected nature of the 
vehicle, there is some algorithm of this system is such that it predicts what 
wheels are going to come across and takes action based on that. So it has 
to happen very quickly like some milliseconds and it is also the vehicle is 
connected to the cloud from which it uses the special information of the 
map of the road condition if there is information about that, that's used into 
it. So, it's very complex in that sense.  
Rohit Nanda:  
Yeah that was helpful. Thank you.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nilesh. 
Nilesh:  
So, my question is pertaining to your starter motor business. So, I’m just kind 
of referring to your previous quarters PPT in which I think you mentioned that 
the nine-month CY21 market share in starter model is about 5%. And CY in 
the current quarters PPT you're mentioning CY21 the market share is 4.6%. 
So, it implies that Q4 there's been a sharp market share loss so as to speak. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 28 of 31 
 
 
So is this the right interpretation? And if there's a market share loss, what is 
the reason for that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, it is the right interpretation. The reason is that the markets we have 
larger market share in for our starters especially, North America and Europe. 
So what has happened is global auto sales in this quarter dipped only 2-3% 
year on year. While the markets we have larger market share, they 
performed fairly poorly in relation. So which is why it's right. We haven't lost 
any customer or any orders or anything. The markets we are dominant in, 
they didn't perform well.  
Nilesh:  
Got it, so it is pertaining to the region-specific issues of your clients.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, but this by the way, will continue to happen because often the 
problems that are inherent in one market, they need not be in other 
markets, especially in the last two years. Actually, this is a phenomenon that 
wasn't really around that much in the good old days of you know prior to 
2019. But now like I think this quarter Asia and in particular the China auto 
market sales were actually drastically different from what was happening in 
Europe, Europe had a very, very bad quarter. So, it's usually it was every 
market was up 1 or 2% and so you needn't draw too many conclusions from 
these things. But now these things are very drastic.  
Nilesh:  
Right. And just one more question, if I may. So, I was just noticing that, I am 
just noticing that, Tesla’s, the prominent US based suppliers, who is one of 
your clients and their volume growth vs. say your revenue growth from the 
BEV revenue. Okay, so generally, so this time around there's again some bit 
of diversion, any reason for that in the sense, your revenues are slightly 
slower than the underlines volumes.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Look, we can't confirm or deny any customers association and we do not 
answer customer specific questions. 
Nilesh:  
Yeah maybe I'll take that offline. Thanks for that and all the best. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ajay Rangani from Yes Securities.  
Kapil Singh:   
Well, I guess he's not there but I can read out the question:  
 
Increase in input costs and supply side bottlenecks can put some pressure 
on bottom line and margins, will clients accept cost-pressure or some 
absorption will have to be factored in?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
We already are. Is our margin going to be much higher, know? I don't 
know, is the question that it will get worse from here, input cost? I hope not. 
I don't think they are and I hope not, and yes there is a pass through 
mechanism that is there for material prices, but not for everything, like 
freight cost, labour costs etc. these are things that you have to bear but like 
I said I think I have seen the worst of that. I don't think it should be more. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 29 of 31 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
There is a question from Vipul Agrawal of Motilal Oswal. He wants to know 
the B2B revenue breakup in terms of DAs, traction motors and e-axles. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
We don't provide that break-up. Because look I mean we'd love to be as 
transparent as possible and answer any questions. We can't really go into 
these, we ourselves don’t do these analysis because it doesn't yield any 
actionable specific or insightful inference. I mean beyond a point analysis 
also has to have some usefulness. We don't do this, and I won't have this 
ready, but most of it would be DA. 
Kapil Singh:  
There is a question from Shyam Sundar from Sundaram Mutual.  
 
The motor business seems up sharp 33% Q-o-Q decline, if I combined with 
Europe regions sharply declining Q-o-Q, is this due to some ICE models of 
customers declining sharply as E. V. models gain traction in Europe? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Good question. I think it will be very relevant one year later, two years later. 
Right now, not so much, so this is more customer slash model level problem, 
because this is a motor thing. Some of our customers unfortunately are 
more hit by the chip shortage than others for some the supply demand 
mismatches, much high and some of our models are not highest profit per 
unit and they have just been deprioritized. So that's the reason this shift to 
ICE has not yet started hitting starter motor sales overall and 100% I can 
guarantee you this, in automotive changes and such big trends don’t 
happen in one quarter over the other quarter. The same starter business 
which was doing on average let’s say Rs. 100 crore plus every month will 
not go to Rs. 50 crore, Rs. 60 crore in a month due to electrification? It 
would happen because of a very specific customer or model change. So 
not really but it is a trend we are watching, and it is the direction it will go 
but it will be much more gradual than this. And I think what happened, I 
think this is a natural reaction that we often for these big changes, right, we 
often overestimate the near-term impact and underestimate the long-term 
impact. So, electrification is real by the time 2030-35 it will be almost 
absolute but in the near term the change would be far more gradual, and 
it'll keep doing so. It is like that frog being burned alive, it will happen in 
degrees. This sharpness has nothing to do with that issue. 
Moderator:   
Okay we have the next question from the line of Vamshi K from Cliq 
Ventures. 
Vamshi K:  
Yes, I have a question on Q2 investor presentation, is it viable to ask now? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I don't readily remember unfortunately that might be a problem, but ask, I 
can try. 
Vamshi K:  
Okay, just a second. As on end of Q1 the order book was 14,000 crore and 
the orders consumed over 1,600 crore. But revenue recognized is just 585 
crore. So where are the other revenues?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So the impact has to be multiplied by 40, right, so this is a quarterly 
adjustment. I will explain, let's say we were getting Rs. 100 from a program. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 30 of 31 
 
 
Next quarter we were supposed to get, and we get 80, that is a -20. Now 
this -20 will be multiplied by 40 to take that program of that drop. Right? 
That's how it is. So, every quarter you have to do the math again. And this is 
why ramping up often gives you very good benefits because each 
incremental gain actually keeps translating into further gains. If it is indeed 
ramping up, they will later peak. I hope I didn't confuse you. It’s a into (x) 40 
divided (/) by 40 type of thing because it's a ten-year order book. There is a 
magnification.  
Vamshi K: 
Okay, thank you so thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Arun.  
Arun:  
Good job with all the change during these uncertain times. Have done a 
good job. I just want to ask something about magnet less motors, the R and 
D. Do we have a schedule for it or like we try for this much period and then 
we come up with the research or it's like no, didn't. How is it?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I mean, this is not only us trying to solve it, Toyota has also been trying to 
solve it since 2018. A lot of people are on the same path when you finally 
find the solution, that will be the deadline, like yeah until then it's a 
destination and we are on it, we may never get there also is the probability 
like it is an event that could happen. Sorry, I interrupted you Mr. Deshmukh. 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
No, no, no, you answered.  
Arun:  
We have a schedule. What is the schedule? 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Well there is a schedule. Every R&D project also has a schedule, We started 
off with, we have a tentative schedule of 18 months, so six months are over 
of those 18 months, so there is still 12 months to go, but it is quite flexible. It 
may happen before 12 months, it may happen after 6-7 months. It may 
take a few months more also. It was like, it was said earlier in one of the 
earlier interactions, earlier answers that every R and D project is like an 
experimentation and here are different options available to you, you try 
several things and you learn from failures and then you go ahead. So in the 
same, there are many iterations which need to be taken and therefore you 
cannot rigidly say that it will happen in 18 months or 12 months. There is 
some tentative plan that we have, which I mentioned is about 18 months, 
but it could be another from today, it could be another six months, or it 
could be another 12 -18 months, it depends. Like Vivek said it may not result 
into what we are looking at because one, there are certain targets set in 
terms of it has to be a magnet less motor, but it also has to be within certain 
boundaries such as the cost and size and weight and so many other things 
to be able to achieve everything is a challenge. And if we do not, for 
example, ultimately, we come out with a magnetic less motor which is 
much more expensive and it's noncompetitive, we may have to drop that. 
So therefore, it's very difficult to say when it will happen. But you can take 
another 12 months as a tentative schedule.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY22 Earnings Call      
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
 
Arun:  
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Any more questions please? I don't see any raising hands right now. 
Kapil Singh:  
Hi everyone, in case there are any questions please do raise your hand. 
Okay, Vivek, we don't have any further raised hands that I can see. 
Hopefully we've tried to take as many as possible. I will now hand over for 
the concluding remarks.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So thank you everyone. Thank you everyone for making time on an 
evening and outside work hours to listen to us. And hopefully we answered 
all your questions. Do reach out if you need to ask more. Thank you. 
Kapil Singh:   
We can thank the entire management team of Sona Comstar for basically 
taking out so much time and answering all the investor questions in detail. 
Thank you, all the investors. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
We will now conclude this call. If you have any follow up questions, please 
feel free to email Nomura sales representative or corporate access team. 
Thank you everyone for your time. You may please drop off the line. Thank 
you. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
