Osmec 
Moneywise. Be wise. 
  
Date: 18 February, 2022 
SMC GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
Member: NSE « BSE « MSE » NCDEX « ICEX » MCX 
Clearing & Trading Member 
: Cash, F&O, Currency, Debt & Commodity 
SEBI Regn. No. 
: INZ 000199438 » Research Analyst No. 
: INH100001849 
« Investment Adviser No. 
: INA100012491 
  
Regd. Office 
: 11/6B, Shanti Chamber, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005 
Ph 
: +91-41-30111000, 40753333 
Fax 
: +91-11-25754365 « CIN No. :L74899DL1994PLC063609 
E-mail 
: smc@smcindiaonline.com 
Website 
: www.smcindiaonline.com 
  
Listing Operations 
Mumbai -400001, India 
Scrip Code: 543263 
  
BSE Limited, P J Towers, Dalal Street, | National Stock Exchange of India Limited: 
Listing Department 
© 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra,(E) Mumbai - 400051 
  
Symbol: SMCGLOBAL 
  
  
Sub: Transcript of “Earning Con-call” - Q3-FY 2021-22 
Dear Sir(s), 
In compliance with sub-regulation (1) & (2) of regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Hereinafter referred as “SEBI LODR, 
2015") as amended from time 
to time read with Para 15(b) of Part A pertaining to 
Schedule II] of the SEB] LODR, 2015, the transcript of the “Earning Con-call” event over 
a Conference Call for discussion about the Earnings of Third Quarter (Q3) of financial. 
year 2021-22, held on Wednesday, 02" day of February, 2022 at 04:00 p.m., is enclosed 
herewith. 
You are requested to acknowledge the same. 
Thanking you, 
Suman 
Kumar 
: 
E.V.P. (Corporate Affairs), 
(Membership No. F5824) 
MUMBAI OFFICE 
: A Wing, 401/402, Lotus Corporate Park, Graham Firth Steel Compound, Off Western Express Highway, Jay Coach Signal, Goregaon East 
Mumbai-400063 Ph 
: +91-22-67341600, 66481818 Fax 
: +91-22-67341697 E-mail 
: smcmumbai@smcindiaonline.com 
E-mail 
: smckolkata@smcindiaonline.com 
   
   
  
  
KOLKATA OFFICE: 
18, Rabindra Sarani, Poddar Court, Gate No. 4, 5th Floor, Kolkata - 700001 
Ph 
: +91-33-66127000 Fax 
: +91-33-66127004 
avrg vib 
ASEBI Initiative   
   

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“SMC Global Securities Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUBHASH C. AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. MAHESH C. GUPTA – VICE CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. AJAY GARG – DIRECTOR & CEO 
 
MR. HIMANSHU GUPTA – DIRECTOR (SMC GLOBAL 
SECURITIES) AND DIRECTOR & CEO (MONEYWISE 
FINANCIAL SERVICES) 
 
MR. D. K. AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN & MD (SMC 
INVESTMENTS & ADVISORS AND SMC CAPITAL) 
 
MR. ANURAG BANSAL – DIRECTOR (SMC GLOBAL 
SECURITIES AND SMC CAPITAL) 
 
MR. PRANAY AGGARWAL – DIRECTOR AND CEO 
(MONEYWISE FINVEST LIMITED) 
 
MR. VINOD K. JAMAR – PRESIDENT & GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SMC Global Securities Limited Q3 FY22 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
"*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Good evening everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of SMC Global Securities Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
call for the 3rd quarter of financial year 2022. Before we begin, let me mention a short 
cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's earnings con-call may be 
forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements 
are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently 
available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements and making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's 
earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call and 
give it over to them for opening remarks. Firstly, we have with us Mr. Subhash Aggarwal, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Mahesh Gupta, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Ajay Garg, Director and CEO; Mr. Himanshu Gupta, Director, SMC Global Securities and 
Director and CEO of Moneywise Financial Services; Mr. D. K. Aggarwal, Chairman and 
Managing Director of SMC Investments & Advisors and SMC Capital; Mr. Anurag Bansal, 
Director of SMC Global Securities and SMC Capital; Mr. Pranay Aggarwal, Director and CEO 
of Moneywise Finvest; and finally, Mr. Vinod Jamar, President and Group Chief Financial 
Officer. Now I request Mr. Subhash Aggarwal to give his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
Good evening, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the earnings conference call for 
the 3rd quarter of financial year 2022. Firstly, let me wish you all a happy new year and I hope 
that everyone is keeping safe and well. Let me start by giving some background about our 
company for the sake of those who are joining this call for the first time so as to bring 
everybody on the same page. SMC Global Securities Limited was established in 1994 by 
myself and Mr. Mahesh Chand Gupta who is the current Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director. Over the years, the company has grown into a diversified financial services company, 
offering a wide spectrum of services like brokerage, investment banking, wealth management, 
distribution of financial products, financing, insurance broking, clearing and depository 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
services, fixed income securities, and financial advisory services to corporate institutions, high 
net worth individuals, & other retail clients. 
On the broking side, the company operates on all major stock and commodity exchanges in the 
country including those in GIFT City Gujarat. The company has taken membership of the 
International Bullion Exchange at IFSC GIFT City on 12th January 2022 and has also 
registered as an alternate investment fund there on 28th December 2021. We have a strong 
network of more than 2680 sub-brokers and authorized persons spread across more than 550 
cities in India, thereby servicing approximately 19 lakh unique clients. Also, as a clearing 
member, we are serving over 300 trading members of different stock and commodity 
exchanges. Over the years, we have also launched various innovative digital technology 
enabled capabilities to offer best-in-class products and services. We launched our discount 
booking arm in 2019 under the brand name of Stoxkart which is a first of its kind platform in 
the broking industry where customers are charged only for their profitable transactions. With 
this, we are present in both business models for broking that is relationship-based broking as 
well as maximizing our presence in the discount and online broking space. Lastly, the 
company is being governed by a strong board including 6 independent directors of high 
standing and is run by a highly qualified and experienced management team. We have a 
consistent growth track record and are well positioned for continued growth in the coming 
years with our established presence, track record, and by embracing the latest technology. I 
now hand over to Mr. Vinod Jamar, our Group CFO to take you through the financial and 
operational performance for the 3rd quarter of financial year 2022. 
Vinod Jamar: 
Thank you Subhash Sir Good evening, everyone.  
                                               Talking about the financial performance for Q3 FY22 of our company on a consolidated basis, 
the operating income for the quarter was INR 287 crores, an increase of approximately 21% 
year on year. Operating EBITDA was reported at INR 65.11 crores, an increase of 
approximately 44% year on year, and the EBITDA margin stood at 22.72%. Net profit after tax 
reported was INR 50.41 crores while the PAT margin was 17.59%. For the 9 months of FY22, 
the operating income was INR 782 crores, an increase of 24% year on year; operating 
EBITDA reported was approximately INR 178 crores, an increase of approximately 36% year 
on year; and the EBITDA margin stood at 22.72%; net profit after tax was reported at 
approximately INR 117 crores, an increase of 73% year on year, while the PAT margin 
percentage was 14.98%. 
Let me now take you through quarterly segmental performance on a consolidated basis for the 
3rd quarter. In the broking distribution and trading segment, the revenue for the quarter was 
INR 203 crores, an increase of 47% compared to the same period last year. The EBIT for this 
segment was INR 62.5 crores, which doubled from INR 31 crores on a year-on-year basis. 
Overall, the market conditions continued to remain buoyant. It is important to note that the 
number of clients have consistently increased over the last many years. 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Coming to the insurance broking division, the revenue of the quarter recorded was INR 82.5 
crores, which increased by 2.2% on a year-on-year basis. The EBIT was approximately INR 
3.7 crores, which increased by 270% year on year. Revenue and EBIT on Q-on-Q basis 
increased due to uptick in vehicle sales in festive season resulting in higher motor insurance 
premium. 
In the financing division segment, the revenue for the quarter was INR 23.5 crores, an increase 
of about 5% on a year-on-year basis. The EBIT for the quarter was approximately INR 12 
crores, an increase of about 21% on a year-on-year basis. Revenue has decreased on a Q-on-Q 
basis with decrease in average loan book size to INR 518 crores from 529 crores in the 
previous quarter. However, EBIT has increased due to improvement in asset quality, requiring 
lower impairment provisions. GNPA and NNPA have reduced to 2.55% and 1.61% 
respectively, from 2.9% and 2.2% in the previous quarter.  
With this, we can now open the floor for the question & answer session. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. We will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. We have the first question from the line of Varun 
Shivaram, an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Varun Shivaram: 
First of all, congratulations on a very healthy set of numbers. My first question would be for 
Mr. Himanshu on the NBFC business. Can you explain why the loan book size has de-grown? 
Also, could you talk about what the management is doing to strategically revive this business? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Basically, as we know, during the COVID period, we had increased our focus more on the 
collection side and we have been continuously seeing better portfolio quality over the period. 
Let me give you some figures. In the last quarter, our collection efficiency was close to 100% 
as compared to about 98.5% in the previous quarter, and which was about 95% in quarter 1. 
So, there has been a steady improvement in the collection efficiency, which is also visible in 
our gross NPA numbers which have come down to 2.5% as against 2.9% in the previous 
quarter. That is due to the more focus on the collection as compared to the disbursements. 
However, even on the disbursement front, we did a disbursement of about 95 crores in this 
quarter. A good thing is that we are able to do higher disbursement, particularly on the retail 
front which was about 73 crores in this quarter as compared to 63 crores in previous quarter 
and 54 crores in the quarter 1. As per the trend, we see there would be a growth in the loan 
book. 
And just to add, we are also going to add some additional product line which is gold loan 
which we expect to take off during this particular quarter. We are also planning to enter into 
some co-lending partnerships. That will also give a boost to the loan book in coming times. 
Varun Shivaram: 
Sir, I have a few follow-up questions. Your provisions have come down. What is the outlook 
on NPAs? When will they come down to normalized levels going forward? 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Himanshu Gupta: 
NPAs are pretty much under control now. We have seen some slippages during the lockdown 
period, particularly in the first lockdown and a little bit in the second lockdown. Now, though 
we have seen a sharp recovery post the economy opening up, we expect the portfolio quality to 
remain healthy going forward as well. 
Varun Shivaram: 
Sir, my last question would be, could you elaborate on loan book bifurcation as to what kind of 
products we have there and what is our strategy here? Are we more focused on the MSME or 
is there any other differentiation strategy compared to other NBFCs? We are just dependent on 
our relations from other businesses to cross sell and grow this. What is the strategy going here? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Strategy would be, we fundamentally believe to keep the book diversified. As of now, we have 
close to 25,000 customers. So, primarily we want to focus on retail. Within the retail also, we 
are diversifying through our product mix. As of now, we have about 69% of our book which is 
catering to SME segment and about 28% of the book which is catering to other NBFCs for 
onward lending. and balance is  capital market book. And even in these products, we are 
further diversifying. For example, in SME, we have multiple product lines like loan against 
property, equipment loans, and unsecured loans.  In line with further diversification strategy, 
we are opening up some new geographies. As of now, in retail portfolio we are concentrated in 
Delhi NCR and Mumbai regions. Over the last few quarters, we have added additional 
geographies which are now starting to give additional business, like Rajasthan and Punjab 
geographies and few more we are planning to add. That is the primary strategy as far as the 
asset side is concerned. Also, as I  told you earlier, we are adding a few product lines like gold 
loan which we plan to start during this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique Stock Group. Kindly proceed. 
Tejas Shah: 
Are we looking at growing in the broking business? Because I think the revenues are not 
growing that great as the market is doing or as the competition is doing. 
Ajay Garg: 
As far as broking is concerned, as the market is growing, even the broking business is also 
growing. If you talk about the turnover, we are in line with the turnover as compared to the 
market. We are maintaining around 2% turnover in equity and F&O and around 3% turnover 
market share into our commodities and currencies. So, it is in line with the market, and even if 
you talk about the number of clients, in 9 months, we have added more than 95,000 accounts in 
the 9 months. Almost 10,000 to 11,000 new accounts we are adding month-on-month basis. if 
you talk about the revenues of the trading and distribution business, almost 73% of the revenue 
is coming from the booking segment. 
Tejas Shah: 
How do we plan to grow insurance business? Because that is looking good in terms of broking, 
commissioning, or what we do. 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
In insurance business, we are doing well. We are selling motor insurance and all other products 
in insurance business – life, non-life. So, our figures are good. In this quarter, in insurance, 
82.55 crores are the revenue and we are doing better. We are mostly present in retail side. 
Tejas Shah: 
Will we be able to continue with the same performance what we are doing this and this quarter 
or every quarter that seasonality changes? 
Vinod Jamar: 
Insurance, yes, I agree there is some seasonality, but usually 3rd and 4th quarters are always 
better. So, we see, the 3rd quarter was also very good this year. Only this seasonality factor 
affects in Q1 and Q2. In Q3, there is a festive season. So, on the occasion of Diwali, vehicle 
sales are usually more. And in the last quarter, the insurance and tax benefit factor emerge. So, 
quarter 3 and quarter 4 are always good. So, if you see our performance from last quarter, we 
secured a revenue of 61.4 crores, and this quarter, we have secured 82.55 crores which is again 
higher than the corresponding figure last year that was 80.78 crores. 
Tejas Shah: 
One little off question. Our share market price normally does not give us good P/E, means all 
our industry peers are working at 11, 15, or 20 P/E. We are still at 6-7 P/E. Is there any 
particular reason? 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
We are a well-diversified company and transparent. Corporate governance is very very good, 
excellent board, and we are focusing on our business, our profitability, our all-other 
parameters, not share market. So, the same I want to understand from you why our share is not 
up to the mark. That is a question to us also. 
Tejas Shah: 
Aren't the promoters trying to buy from the open market or do a placement just because we see 
value in that? 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
Yeah, legally we can do, but I think we cannot comment on this due to legality…. It is very 
difficult to comment on this. 
Tejas Shah: 
Agreed, because I think some few percentages or very small thing was added in the last quarter 
in the promoters…. 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
A very small percentage, 2%, I think that is legally allowed. But so far, we are not working on 
these lines. We thought that investors should take the benefit if low price is there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suren Joy, an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Suren Joy: 
First of all, happy to see the good numbers. My questions are already asked by my fellow 
members. So, just want to know that can an investor expect the same kind of numbers in the 
coming quarter as well as can we expect new products from SMC? 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
We are doing good. Quarter on quarter, we are showing better performance. And, we are quite 
positive, we will continue to show good performance. But I cannot talk about numbers. 
Definitely we are very positive for the coming quarters. 
Suren Joy: 
Also, we can expect new products from SMC, right? 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
Definitely. During this quarter also, we became an international gold stock exchange member 
in IFSC – a very few members, it's a new exchange. And we have also opened an alternate 
investment fund in category III in GIFT City only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Soni, an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Siddharth Soni: 
Congratulations on the set of excellent numbers. I would like to ask that, is there a growth 
visible in the insurance broking business? Because I feel that the margins must be low in that. 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
Yeah, it's a very challenging business in insurance. As you know, certain broking houses are 
selling policies even at loss. So, we are not in that business, but we are keeping our margin, we 
are keeping our market share, and we are growing that I can say. Our technology is good and 
we have shown our presence. this year, we have sold  about5,80,000 insurance policies in nine 
months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Santosh Kondapuram, an individual investor. Kindly 
proceed. 
Santosh Kondapuram: 
Congratulations on your great numbers quarter over quarter. 1) A quick question regarding the 
revenue or profits you are generating from Stoxkart. I think in the last quarter, you mentioned 
that it will break even soon. 2) What is the advertising or promotional activities that we are 
doing to publicize these products? Because I do not see a lot of advertisements on social media 
or anywhere compared to competitors even though we have such good products. If you can 
give us insights on this, that would be helpful. 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
The second question I would like to answer first because I need some clarification in the first 
question. The second question you asked about the promotional activities we are taking up. We 
have the strategy of digital first. You wouldn't see much in the traditional print media, but if 
you see on YouTube, Instagram, we are present there heavily. We have tied up with many 
influencers who are promoting us through their videos, through their different market 
strategies, because we are into the business in digital age.We are tracking millennials. The 
average age of a Stoxkart customer is less. It's lesser than you would have in a traditional 
broking house. That is our marketing strategy and basically digital first, as we always say. I 
think we can particularly expand this marketing strategy going forward because I think this is 
something I can see growth in. 
I need some clarification in your first question, sorry. Can you ask it again? 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Santosh Kondapuram: 
What I meant was from Stoxkart, is it possible for you to tell us what is the revenue you're 
generating from Stoxkart compared to the other…. 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
Basically, I'll give you an idea for the quarter. We have made around 4.5 crores of revenue. 
And we are on a trajectory to achieve breakeven in some time, and the revenue growth forecast 
looks good. We are launching a new mobile application and trading platform in the coming 
quarters. And we see a good growth shaping around the technological advancements. So, we 
are confident going forward. 
Santosh Kondapuram: 
Also, one last question. Will you be able to give us a breakup between the advertising costs 
quarter on quarter? These are industry practices we have been hitting those numbers, if you can 
share that, that would be helpful. 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
Breakup for advertisement cost, I think I will have to get back to you because it's something I 
need to check. But you can say that it's in the line of the industry. I think it's at par with the 
industry advertisement cost, but we have a different strategy for the spending. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanush Kanakia, an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
Congratulations on this excellent result. Firstly, we have seen a healthy growth on your 
broking business on a year-on-year basis, but we understand that the markets are very buoyant 
right now. So, could you quantify how much of this is euphoria driven and how much of these 
revenues can be sustainable in the long run? 
Ajay Garg: 
We agree. The past 9 months or 1-1/2 years were excellent for the capital markets, but we also 
firmly believe that this should remain continue because as our economic survey said that 2.5 
crore demat accounts were added. Still, it is very very less because our capital market is still 
4% penetrated and we are having very high potential for capital markets. In US market, there is 
a penetration around more than 30% to 40% and India still is 4% to 5%, it is very very less. So, 
great potential for India. And our economy is doing very well, our GDP is very good, future 
GDP is going to be very good. And SMC is also very good, our processes are very good, our 
independent directors, management directors, our entire board is doing very good. So, we 
understand we will be able to make it better in forthcoming quarters. 
We are expecting LIC IPO in the very near future. More than 2 crore accounts can be opened 
because of that. And all disinvestments, PSU disinvestment is in pipeline. And more 
companies new-age, Unicorn, and all traditional companies they are coming with their IPOs. 
So, very great future in capital market. And we are poised, we are very much excited to see the 
future, and we are very hopeful that we will do much much better in the times to come. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
So, these 2.5 crore accounts were opened this quarter, right? 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
Last 2 years, 2.5 crore accounts. This is a figure which our economic survey has said. It must 
be 2 years during the COVID period. Total demat account  For NSDL & CDSL combined is 8 
crores. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
Can you let us know how is our market share today in the broking segment versus our peers 
like Angel or Motilal? 
Ajay Garg: 
Our market share is around 2% to 3% in equity, commodity, and currency various segments, 
and we are maintaining that kind of market share. And I think Motilal and Angel, they have 
better market share, we can't comment on that. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
I just wanted to ask you, this quarter what was our net addition, the customers added to our 
Stoxkart business in Q3? Also, can you tell us about what was the quarter-on-quarter growth in 
percentage terms? 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
Quarter-to-quarter growth, we did about 10% quarter on quarter growth in terms of revenue. In 
terms of bottom line, you can say that we are on trajectory to achieve breakeven. Currently, we 
are in red, but that is because we are focusing on growth. Basically, for the clients added, we 
have seen a good growth in the December and January months, but I'll comment about the 
quarter. Quarterly, we have opened around 16,000 accounts, particularly in Stoxkart for the 3rd 
quarter. In comparision to the previous quarter, you can say that the above figure is same  but 
because we are concentrating on high-value clients currently and we will have a high cost of 
acquisition. We will increase our marketing budget when we will launch a new app and we can 
have that strategy of growing our client base going forward. But currently, we are focusing on 
high-value clients. Our average revenue per client I can say must be higher than the industry. 
That is our focus currently. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
Sir, you just mentioned 10% growth. The 10% growth in revenue I would think that for online 
broking, it would be much higher since you are focusing on high-value client too. 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
Right. Basically, I cannot comment about the industry, but since Stoxkart is a new company 
comparatively, we have grown tremendously year on year. On quarterly basis, you can say that 
10% is not a big number but we are about to launch a new app and then we can have that kind 
of strategy to grow. Currently, we are just focusing on high-value clients to get a new market 
proposition. We want to launch a new market proposition with a new app which will be path-
breaking. So, currently we are focusing on that. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
When do you expect this business to breakeven and start contributing to the profits? 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
I cannot comment particularly about the time period, but the trajectory shows that basically we 
are reducing our losses month on month and the trajectory is good, the growth is good, and we 
will be able to breakeven and we will be able to in fact earn profits shortly but cannot comment 
about the time period because that depends on the kind of growth we want to generate. We will 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
need some capital, need some funds, costs on client acquisition, and it can also increase our 
losses some times, but I can say that the growth trajectory is very good. 
Tanush Kanakia: 
What are the kind of investments you are planning in this venture for FY23? 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
The kind of investment we are planning; particularly in Stoxkart, we are starting the margin 
trading facility business (MTF business) and it will need some investment. We recently passed 
a resolution to infuse Rs. 3 crores in our business. Resolution was passed in the last board 
meeting. Going forward, with the introduction of MTF, we will have to increase the capital 
base. In FY23, you can expect around 20 crores investment because of introduction of MTF 
business 
Moderator: 
We have a followup question from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique Stock Group. Kindly 
proceed. 
Tejas Shah: 
On the building of investors' attention towards your stock, is the management looking to do 
some branding activity or some awareness activity? 
Ajay Garg: 
It is always an ongoing process. We always do conferences. Branding is a regular exercise. 
Our ads on TV and social media are always there. 
Tejas Shah: 
I am saying that let us say our results were great but the market doesn't seem to look at it or 
otherwise it gets ignored. 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
We believe in doing the right thing and growing our business. We believe that with the passage 
of time, investors would automatically notice it. As we are declaring good results and we are 
doing good performance, automatically it will translate into fair valuation of the company. 
Right now, our focus is not on the share price because that is ultimately the function of your 
performance in the business. If we are performing better, by the passage of time, automatically 
it will get reflected. Of course, as a visibility, we are doing a lot of branding in digital media 
and in social media. And to increase our business, we are holding a number of webinars and 
seminars. So, I am sure that all these activities also gives a lot of visibility to the company and 
more people become aware of it. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh 
Gupta from SMC Global Securities Limited for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Gupta: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings con-call. I hope we have been able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the company, please reach out to our investor relations manager at Valorem Advisors. 
Stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much to all. 

 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
February 2, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SMC Global Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
