 
 
 
 
 February 17, 2022 
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531595 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: CGCL 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earning Conference Call pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated February 05, 2022 intimating scheduling of the Earnings Conference Call on 
February 14, 2022 to discuss the Company’s Q3FY22 Earnings, we are forwarding herewith the transcript 
of the said Conference Call. The said Transcript is also available on the Company’s website on the URL:  
https://capriglobal.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/CGCL-Q3FY22-Earnings-Call-Transcript.pdf 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Capri Global Capital Limited  
 
 
 
Yashesh Bhatt 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 20491 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
PRIGLOBAL 
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Registered Office: 
CIN: L65921 MH1994PLC173469 Regd. Off: 502, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013. 
\. +9122 4088 8100/4354 8200 l':"'l contact@capriglobal.in@www.capriglobal.in 
YASHESH 
PANKAJ 
BHATT
Digitally signed 
by YASHESH 
PANKAJ BHATT 
Date: 2022.02.17 
14:35:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
 
Management 
Mr. Rajesh Sharma  
Founder & Managing Director, Capri Global Capital Ltd. 
 
Mr. Ravikant Bhat 
Sr. VP - Investor Relations, Capri Global Capital Ltd. 
 
· 
. PRIGLOBA 
CAP liA L 
LI
. I TED 

 
 
 
2 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Capri Global Capital 
Limited Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravikant 
Bhat from Capri Global Capital Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Thank you, Inba. Good morning. This is Ravikant Bhat from Investor 
Relations. Thank you for dialing in to the call. We shall start with an overview 
on Q3 FY2022 business and earnings performance by our MD, Mr. Rajesh 
Sharma thereafter we shall have the Q&A. I will now request Mr. Sharma to 
share the opening remarks. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Good morning. Hearty welcome to everyone on the call. For much of the last 
two years discussions on earning calls have revolved on and around the affect 
of COVID pandemic and the ongoing or waning COVID waves. We experienced 
the Delta wave in the opening two months of the financial year and then 
hoped a third wave if it occurred would be milder than the second wave. I am 
sure you are relieved just as we are on the third wave turning out to be 
shorter and less impactful compared to the earlier two waves. 
In the ten states and Union Territories where we operate our Urban Retail 
and Construction Finance business, active COVID cases have continued to 
register a steep drop and fresh infections have also declined sharply. State 
governments have also announced an end to the restrictions put in place at 
the start of the third wave. With this, daily activities have fast returned to 
normalcy.  
At Capri, we tackled the third wave in the six-week period between the last 
week of December 2021 and first week of February 2022 through a flexible 
work plan with a mandated work-from-home and need-based work-from-
office. Our field sales operations were barely disrupted and business in the 
month of January and February 2022 indicates we are continuing to maintain 
the momentum and are on track to deliver over 22% year-on-year growth in 
the AUM in FY2022. 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
3 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
 
As you are aware the Board of Capri Global approved the Q3 FY2022 results 
on Saturday, February 12, 2022. I hope you had an opportunity to go through 
the investor presentation. Let me now present a quick overview of business 
during the Q3 FY2022. 
 
MSME: The growth in MSME was robust with nearly 30% of incremental 
disbursals happening in the segment. The robust 9% sequential AUM growth 
is indicative of the growth potential for the portfolio in H2 FY2022. Although 
the segment currently contributes the highest to the restructured portfolio in 
NPA, we remain optimistic about new business while we are watchful of 
legacy assets. 
 
Affordable Housing: The housing finance segment has also delivered a 
robust growth momentum during the quarter. Although some customer 
segments overlap between MSME and housing finance, it is pertinent to note 
that the salaried segment has contributed to a relatively better bounce back 
and recovery in this segment. As a result, the net NPAs considering aggregate 
ECL provisions are once again negative in this segment. 
 
Construction Finance: The Construction Finance segment continued to show 
robust momentum. It achieved highest disbursal in 12 quarters. We therefore 
expect the vertical to continue in a healthy growth trajectory going forward. 
Asset quality remains robust with GNPAs at 17 basis points and net NPAs 
negative though overall contribution of Construction Finance in AUM 
business will not cross 20%. 
 
New Car Loan Distribution Business: During Q3 FY2022 we expanded to 
213 locations across 19 states and Union Territories compared to 186 
locations across 15 states and Union Territories in Q2 FY2022. Two new 
relationships, HDFC Bank and Bank of Baroda were added during Q3 FY2022 
taking total tie up to five banks. We generated Rs. 550 Crores new car loan 
disbursals for these banks during the quarter. This was 60% higher quarter-
on-quarter. The total disbursal originated in 9M FY2022 stood at Rs. 950 
Crores. I am happy to share this business broken even in October 2021. 
 
Co-Lending Model: In December 2021, we entered into Co-lending 
arrangements with the State Bank of India, the Nation’s largest commercial 
bank and Union Bank of India, the fifth largest public sector bank for the co-
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
4 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
origination of MSME loans. Under the arrangement, State Bank of India and 
Union Bank have initially sanctioned an aggregate amount of Rs. 850 Crores 
for lending of which CGCL shall retain 20% on its balance sheet. 
 
We have kick started this channel and made a small start. We expect it to gain 
strong momentum in the next six months. As of now our primary growth 
target for co-lending is to fully utilize the initially sanctioned amounts. 
 
New products: We are gearing up for the launch of our new secured loan 
product, that is, gold loan. The business Head has already been on-boarded 
and people and physical infrastructure is being shaping up. We are targeting a 
network of 1,500 branches in the loan book of Rs. 8,000 Crores over the next 
five years. 
 
New branch addition: We have regularly highlighted that our business has 
people and touch intensity and therefore requires a brick-and-mortar setup 
for sales and loan origination. Keeping this in mind and our medium-term 
gold loan of 225 branch network, we added 11 branches during Q3 FY2022. 
This takes the total branch addition to 25 in 9M FY2022, higher than the 21 
branches we added in FY2020, the last pre-COVID normal year. We are 
focusing on growing our presence and business in Gujarat, Rajasthan, and 
Madhya Pradesh. 
 
Technology: The tech intensity takes over once a potential customer is 
identified for which we use both off-the-shelf and in-house software. We have 
also been in the process of rolling out our analytical dashboards for aiding 
decision making and credit appraisal and reducing turnaround time. Our 
technology team has made a good progress on developing an in-house tech 
suite and we are looking forward to a beta rollout in the next few quarters. 
 
I shall now briefly comment on our earnings and asset quality 
performance during Q3 FY2022. 
 
We reported consolidated net profit after tax of Rs. 649 million in Q3 FY2022 
higher by 22% quarter-on-quarter and 32% year-on-year. The profit growth 
was supported by a strong core profitability and continued resilience of our 
P&L to accommodate higher opex and credit cost. 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
5 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
 
Core earnings: Although our spreads dropped 20 basis quarter-on-quarter to 
6.7%, our net interest margin has been robust at 10.3% driven in part by 
some one-off items and part by including mix of higher yielding portfolio. 
There is a widespread expectation of imminent monitory policy tightening 
with benchmark G-sec yields already pointing in that direction. We are well 
positioned to face a tighter policy scenario; we can suitably adjust our asset 
yield to respond to such a change.  
 
Operating expenses: The cost to income ratio in Q3 FY2022 at 38.4% is 
again within our target range of 36% to 40%. Adjusted for one-off earnings, 
the cost income ratio would be about 41%, marginally lower quarter-on-
quarter. 
 
As we have stated some of the pent-up expenditure branch rollout, associated 
hiring and technology related spends shall keep this ratio elevated for some 
time. However, we have sufficient flexibility to control incremental expenses 
in case we believe business scenario could get adverse. 
 
Asset Quality: Asset quality ratios, have improved with GNPA ratio declining 
27-basis quarter-on-quarter to 2.99%, stage III asset in absolute terms were 
stable, in fact marginally lower over Q2 FY2022. Provisions coverage ratio has 
been further improved to 84.6%. 
 
If we talk about our collection efficiency, it has improved in MSME from 
93.1% last quarter to 96.2% in this quarter. In Home Loan it has improved 
from 93.8% to 98.4%. 
 
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that our growth focused on secured, 
Urban Retail lending is on a sound footing. It shall soon be complimented by 
revenue streams from recently launched and soon to be launched products. 
We remain committed to expanding leverage through organic route and 
deliver mid teen RoE to our shareholders over the medium term. 
 
With that I conclude my opening remarks. We shall now take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the line of Mayank 
from InCred. Please go ahead. 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
6 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
Mayank: 
Good morning, Sir. Thanks for the detailed discussion. Firstly, my question is 
on the rising interest rates. Basically, I have two questions on it. Number one 
is that currently we have seen a very good interest rate offering by banks to 
MSME. So, are we seeing any kind of pressure on that front and if the interest 
rates rise, are we expecting the growth from banks to slow down in the MSME 
segment? This is my first question. Second question on the interest rate side 
is how would our rates increase going forward and how much more upside on 
yields can we see on that if the interest rates rise? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think your first question is banks are offering the customers at lower rate of 
interest on MSME loan, how will we compete with them. Is that so? 
Mayank: 
Yes right. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think the customer what banks serve in MSME and what we serve are 
entirely different. We serve those customers who do not have adequate 
income proof or documentation to avail the loan from banking system. These 
could be small in Tier III and Tier IV towns, maybe small mom & pop stores, 
may be a small restaurant on the roadside, maybe a fruit vendor, may be a 
small garment store, who do not record all their transactions in their books 
and thus they are not able to show adequate sales and profitability; these are 
our customer segment. So, this is absolutely different than what banks serve 
and what we serve. Your second question is what kind of interest rates hike 
we can see. I think it is difficult to predict, but even if interest rates rise by 25 
basis points or 50 basis points the most, we will be able to pass on the same 
kind of interest rates hikes to our customers. So if any hike comes, that will be 
really neutral to us. As far as our customer is concerned, they are smaller 
loans in the range of about 10 lakhs to 20 lakhs and these businesses run or 
return on efforts rather than return on equity. So, half a percent of marginal 
hike to them is not changing their profitability at all. So, I think that is not 
going to impact us. In the past also we have seen the cycle when post IL&FS 
and the DHFL defaults the banks slowed down and increased interest rates, 
we were able to pass-on and maintain the growth momentum. 
Mayank: 
So, as per the new RBI circular / norms for the GNPA recognition, have we 
complied with that and is there any additional provisioning we have made for 
this quarter for that? 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
7 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If we talk about the RBI circular, yes, we have complied with that. RBI circular 
was talking on the two points; number one, you cannot rollback the NP 
accounts unless all the overdue EMIs are collected, number one. Number two, 
the NP will be recognized on the very same 90th day evening rather than 
accounting in the month end. These were the two main effects of the RBI 
circular. Because of the RBI circular, about six accounts have slipped in the 
NPA with about Rs. 74 lakhs (outstanding). Had not the RBI circular come, our 
effort on rollback would have been seen visible in lowering the NPAs much 
lower. But because of the RBI circular, this amount has gone up. So, to that 
extent we have been affected. 
Mayank: 
Lastly, on our restructured book, how is that performing? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Restructured book is almost about 4% and we have done adequate 
provisioning in that. As far as collection efficiencies on those accounts is also 
concerned, whosoever is becoming due, there is a positive trend. And in case 
we see some slippage, I think there is an adequate provisioning we have done 
and on top of it, our entire portfolio is collateralized, secured by some real 
estate either by self-occupied house or self-occupied business premises. So, in 
that sense we can always use the SARFAESI provision and recover. So, we are 
comfortable on that front as well. 
Mayank: 
Thanks Sir. They were really useful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Gosar from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Akash Gosar 
Good morning, Sir. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. I wanted to 
understand the reason why there has been increase in the disbursements 
during the quarter. Would there be any link in respect of change in 
underwriting policy of ours or has that remained same across the quarters? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Underwriting policy has remained the same. As we have said earlier that we 
are going to aim for a growth between 20% and 27% and in that direction, we 
have added more physical branches, more people on the ground, and that is 
the result of taking all the steps that we are able to be on the stated path of 
the growth and that is absolutely as per the strategy and the budget. So, it is 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
8 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
not because off the change or relaxed underwriting policy, but it is because of 
the addition of more branches and people in the direction that it was decides. 
Akash Gosar 
Thank you. One last question, with respect to our restructured pool, what 
percentage of our pool would now be out of restructuring in terms of billing? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Restructuring we have given some amount of moratorium and some relaxed 
way of repayment. So, POS is about Rs. 228 Crores and I think their 
repayment will fall between now and in the next six months to one year. So, 
we will know that but so far, as we have said, our restructured assets are  also 
collateralized and if any slippage happens, we are quite capable to recover as 
we do for other cases also. 
Akash Gosar 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srishti from Wellwin 
Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Srishti: 
Thanks for giving me this opportunity. My first question would be on your 
home loan side. So, in this business we are seeing a great traction in the 
housing demand, would this mean that significant growth would come from 
this business vertical. Second is, your annualized ROEs are over 14%. Given 
that we have recently started this co-lending arrangement, what sort of ROAs 
are we expecting in the next couple of years and are we planning to add more 
branches under co-lending and what sort of monthly disbursements are we 
targeting under this model? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
First whether the housing finance will continue to be the same kind of 
growth? The answer is yes. The home loan is a very big market and with the 
increase in the number of branches, I think we will continue to achieve a 
growth in the range of +25% in the home loan segment. If you talk about co-
lending, I think the largest bank State Bank and Union Bank – two are 
adequate banks. While we are getting discussions and invites from other 
banks, it would be difficult to manage more co-lending arrangements. So, I 
think we will primarily stick with these two banks, State Bank and Union 
Bank unless we believe that we can get better commercials from the other 
banks in competition segment, yes then. Now what kind of ROA accretion will 
the co-lending lead to? It will depend on the volume we can achieve, so I think 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
9 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
next year, next full financial year we will be able to see that based on the 
technology integration with the banking partners, we will be able to see how 
much volume we can do. If we can go full-fledged, it can be a complete game 
changer. But we are waiting how this volume and technology integration 
happen, so it can happen very smoothly. So, we have to wait to see the actual 
result in the next year. 
Srishti: 
That is for now. I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Seema Bajaj from RK 
Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Good morning, Sir. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Sir I wanted to 
ask specifically on our MSME business which is at 51% of our overall AUM 
versus 56% YoY. So are we taking a cautious approach here? Also, 
Construction Finance AUM composition has increased 200 bps in the last 
couple of quarters. I wanted to know whether we are planning to go slow 
here? Would you please give a trend…whether this trend continue or not? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
The key growth driver is going to continue to remain in MSME segment and 
Affordable Housing. They will contribute 50% and Affordable Housing +25%. 
If you talk about Construction Finance, we will continue to grow and keep till 
the overall book basis about 20%. And even though in some quarter, it can 
show little bit growth but overall, on a year-on-year basis, it will remain well 
within 20% range and that is we will not let it go (higher). Our 80% book will 
continue to remain focused on the retail side. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Also, like with reference to digital and technology enabling, within our 
company, what are we doing and how many people are working under 
technological front? Also, how to plan to enhance these resources, how are 
you planning on that? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We have already hired the CTO who is taking care of all the new technology 
initiatives as well as the implementation of all the planning and futuristic 
discussions. So, about 20 people are already there in technology team besides 
the normal (tech team) …they are separate (team) which take care of the day 
to day (requirements)…they take care of the hardware and other 
requirements. But (as far as) the hardcore technology team is concerned, 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
10 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
there are about 20 people which includes engineers, programmers, and 
coders. Plus, we have about six people team in data science and analytics 
which is helping us in pinpointed decision making in terms of aligning and 
navigating our underwriting and other collection decisioning. We also hired 
one collection data analytics guy who will be focusing on improving the 
collection efficiency and taking various measures. So overall, there is a very 
sharp focus on enhancing the tech and data science piece and for which 
adequate team is already on-boarded. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Sir, one last question is that in view of so many areas that we are targeting to 
grow, why is our guidance of AUM growth still maintained at 20% to 25%? 
Are we sacrificing our normal growth, or have we peaked? What are your 
feelings on that? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think with the current product of MSME and affordable housing, we can 
achieve this 22% to 27% growth. Once the gold loan product stabilizes in the 
next 12 months, we will see whether we need to revise any guidance. But this 
much minimum we are definitely going to achieve. Last year we achieved 
20% and this year we have already achieved 19%. So, we are on the path to 
achieve that growth. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Thank you for that. It was very helpful. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priti Singh from Value 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Priti Singh: 
Good morning. Sir, I just wanted to ask about venturing into gold finance 
business and that we are targeting Rs. 80 bn over the next five years. What all 
geographies are we targeting when we open 1,500 branches for this business 
and what would our AUM product mix look like in the next few years? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If you talk about the gold loan, the majority competition, Muthoot and 
Manappuram are South-based companies although they have their presence 
in North and West as well. But if we see, a lot of scope exists in the North and 
West of Indian markets. Also, our MSME and Affordable Housing business is 
also in these geographies. So, our gold loan branches presence is going to be 
in Delhi, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, and Maharashtra. That is the 
area where our 1,500 branches will be positioned. We feel adequate 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
11 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
opportunity exists to create that kind of book in this region as well as in this 
space. 
Priti Singh: 
What about the AUM for that mix in the next few years? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Are you talking of overall or are you talking about gold loans? 
Priti Singh: 
Overall? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, overall if we achieve by 2025-2026, we are trying to achieve a book of 
about Rs. 25,000 Crores and in that about Rs. 8,000 Crores is going to be the 
gold loan, about Rs. 4,000 Crores to Rs. 5,000 Crores is going to be 
Construction Finance and about Rs. 9,000 Crores is going to be MSME, about 
Rs. 4,000 Crores is going to be home loans. This is what we are targeting. 
Priti Singh: 
Thank you so much. My next question is on the car loan distribution. What are 
our plans for growing this business - like who are we looking to tie up with 
and any more banks for growth? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We have already tied up with five banks which includes Union Bank, Bank of 
Baroda, Indian Overseas Bank, HDFC Bank and Yes Bank. This is a product 
where we are not lending. This is purely using our own infrastructure 
presence to generate a fee income and you will be happy to know that we 
already achieved a volume of Rs. 200 Crores car loan origination in the month 
of December. So, I think this way we intend to later also add the mortgage 
loan co-origination as well- home loan - where the interest rates is in the 
range of 7.5% to 8%, targeting salaried customers. So, this is going to be a 
purely fee income business leveraging our branch network, leveraging our 
understanding, leveraging our existing association / relationship with banks. 
Priti Singh: 
Got it. Sir, out of the Rs. 15 Crores fee that we have made in this quarter, what 
is the cost and how will the cost increase if it scales up and how much can we 
scale up? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, this business at this level, October we have broken even. I think next year 
onwards we will be targeting about Rs. 12 Crores to Rs. 15 Crores of profit 
contribution from the new car loan distribution business. 
Priti Singh: 
Thank you. That is it from my side for now. Thank you. 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
12 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srishti from Wellwin 
Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Srishti: 
Thanks for taking my question again. My question is what are the economics 
of co-lending and what needs to be done to ramp it up? And secondly, how 
confident are we on gold loans given that even existing lenders are struggling 
for growth and a huge spending by PSUs? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If you talk about the advantage of co-lending, it will be that without capital, 
we can increase our book, because we will continue doing what we are doing. 
The only change will be that 80% book will be taken over by banks on an 
ongoing basis. Plus, there are some customer segments we are not able to do 
it today because of lower rate of interest. Now with the State Bank and Union 
Bank, being our partners, we can further go down in interest rates in those 
co-origination loans and that can improve our productivity and offerings. So, 
if the co-lending takes up on a full-fledged basis, then in future we will not 
require any capital and it will be highly ROE accretive. It will be easier to 
reach a ROE of 24% to 25% if the co-lending takes off in full-fledged way. But 
we are watching in the next year and we are very confident with the focus of 
banking system and government, NBFCs should be able to do more lending 
through co-lending mechanism so that everything is catered and it is 
partnership between the bank of low-cost fund versus a low-cost operation 
and good collection efficiency of NBFCs. So, it is a good combination, and we 
are quite excited about it. This year, we are hoping that we should do about 
Rs. 75 Crores to Rs. 100 Crores and next year, once the technology integration 
happens, the volume can be much higher. 
Srishti: 
Okay. And what happens to the NPAs in co-lending? Do we have to bear 
proportionately? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. So, it will be true participation from the banks. It is a 20:80 arrangement. 
When NPA happen, 20% credit cost will come to us, 80% will go to them in 
the same proportion. Your second question regarding gold loan, you said, 
there is adequate competition and even existing players are not able to grow, 
but I believe in Northern and Western segments, this is our niche as far as our 
presence is concerned. And secondly, we understand the customers who do 
not have adequate income proof. So, I think with the help of technology and 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
13 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
our presence, building a book of Rs. 8,000 Crores should not be a problem in 
the scheme of things…the opportunity gap we see today. 
Srishti: 
Sir, what happens to the manpower planning and branch planning? How easy 
is it to do this given the place of so many people during COVID? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think COVID is behind us, that is what we believe. And as far as gold loan is 
concerned - manpower, branch planning - while a few branches will overlap 
with MSME, most of the branches will be standalone gold loan branches 
because this is an entirely different business and a different kind of customers 
that we will cater to. 
Srishti: 
Sir, one last question if I may ask. How would the opex move over the next 
couple of years given that we have plans to open so many branches? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We plan to open so many? 
Srishti: 
Branches. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think if we talk about the capital investment, if we talk about gold loan, the 
first-year capital investment will be in the range of about Rs. 25 Crores and 
FY2024 will be of the range of Rs. 60 Crores. 
Srishti: 
I think that is all from my side. Thank you so much for your time, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the floor back to Mr. Sharma for closing comments. Over to 
you Sir. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you all for joining this call. As we said, we continue to grow in the path 
of secured lending, growing our MSME book, home loan book and in 
continuation of that, we are going to add another secured product of gold 
loans. And we are quite confident as we see year-after-year our ROE is 
improving, our cost to income ratio is coming down, our NPAs in the worst 
time of COVID have been remained in control, despite the courts having 
passed order to not take any SARFAESI action, which has now been relaxed. 
Hoping that this year, coming year, not only will we see a sharp rollback in the 
NPAs, but our growth momentum will also be maintained. We have adequate 
capital adequacy, good banking relationships, and a strong track record of 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
14 
Earnings Call Transcript Q3FY22 
repayment. I think collectively with this we are on the path to achieve our 
stated growth of 22% to 27% and we hope to achieve +14% ROE in the 
coming year along with all these developments. Thank you so much. All of you 
please stay safe. Stay healthy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
PRIGLOBAL 
CAPITAL LIMITED 
