 
 
February 16, 2022 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings conference call organized on February 08, 2022. 
Please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized on February 8, 2022 post 
declaration of Financial Results for quarter ended on December 31, 2021 for your information and 
records.  
 
 
Please take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
 
Anusha Kanumuru 
Company Secretary 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Company Code No. VIJAYA 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street  
Mumbai- 400 001 
Company Code No. 543350 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SUPRITA REDDY – CEO 
MR. NARASIMHA RAJU K A – CFO 
MR. SIVARAMARAJU V – HEAD OF STRATEGY 
MR. KRISHNA KIRAN KONDURI – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY22 earnings conference call of Vijaya 
Diagnostic Centre Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Krishna Kiran, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Krishna Kiran: 
Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all of you. I am Krishna Kiran and I handle investor 
relations for Vijaya Diagnostic Centre. We hope you have gone through our Q3 FY22 financials 
and our press release. I have with me Ms. Suprita Reddy, CEO; Mr. Narasimha Raju, CFO; and 
Mr. Siva, Head of Strategy. We will begin the call with commentary from the management team 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. This call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as 
on date of this call. These statements are not guarantee for the future performance and involve 
risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Now, Ms. Suprita Reddy, our CEO, will walk 
us through the key highlights for the period. Over to you, ma'am. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for joining the call. I hope all of you and your families are 
safe and doing well. I will present the highlights for the 3rd quarter and the 9 months of the 
current financial year and our action plan for growth going forward. All through, my team and I 
have tried to maintain a steady and progressive financial performance and our results for this 
period demonstrate it. For the 9 months, our revenues increased by 31% to Rs. 346 crores driven 
by strong growth in our non-COVID business. With a growth of 40%, our reported EBITDA 
now stands at Rs. 156 crores with a margin of 45% of revenue. The profit after tax posted a 
growth of 62% to Rs. 86 crores. I would also like to mention here that our profit for the first 9 
months is higher than the profit for the last financial year. In Q3 of FY22, our revenue grew by 
11% to Rs. 111 crores and our net profit after tax grew by 2% to Rs. 25 crores. This quarter, we 
have added 4 new centers that are fully equipped with the state-of-the-art equipment, technology, 
and professional expertise. These new centers comprise 2 hubs, 2 spokes, and 1 reference lab. 
Our total center count is 89 comprising 24 hubs and 65 spokes as on 31st December 2021. 
We have also partnered with reputed corporate organizations for providing comprehensive 
health and wellness services for employees and their families. One such major tie-up was with 
the Union Bank of India, Telangana state for 18,000 members in total comprising employees, 
ex-employees, and their families for annual health checkups. We also bought out our Kolkata 
hub center's building for Rs. 11 crores this quarter. This building was leased out to us for more 
than 2 decades. Our main focus is towards digitizing our business processes to optimize 
operational efficiency and enable the best possible customer experience. Our moves towards this 
end have been upgrading our WhatsApp delivery system to an AI-enabled comprehensive 
chatbot that brings in advanced features such as locating the nearest centers, online booking for 
tests, access to reports on WhatsApp, replies to customer queries. Developing a mobile 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
application and a progressive web application which will enable the customers to book any test 
at the click of a button. 
Other important services such as home collection, access to all reports, replies to queries, 
reminders, analysis of health parameters, and many more can easily be accessed using this 
application. Working towards becoming a lean, asset-light organization by employing cloud 
technology. 
I firmly believe that these initiatives and our systematic plan for expansion will put us in good 
stead for the time to come and ensure better customer experience and also help us in improving 
operational and the financial metrics. 
Since we are expanding and opening many more hubs going forward, we have taken on board 
also Dr. Mukesh Agrawal as Director for the lab services, who comes with over 20 years of 
diagnostic industry experience and is also a technical auditor for both the ISO and the CAP. Mr. 
Narasimha Raju, our CFO, will now take us through a detailed presentation on the company’s 
financial performance for the period. 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
A warm welcome to everyone on the call. I will now summarize our performance for these 9 
months ended December 2021. The number of footfalls have increased by 53% year on year 
from 1.75 million to 2.67 million. Number of tests also up by 46% year on year from 4.71 million 
to 6.87 million. The strong growth in footfalls and tests is also partly due to low base in the 1st 
quarter of last financial year. Revenue per test was Rs. 504 and revenue per footfall was Rs. 
1,299. Consolidated revenue increased by 31% year on year from Rs. 265 crores to Rs. 346 
crores. The growth was driven by 39% year-on-year growth in non-COVID business. Non-
COVID business increased from Rs. 212 crores to Rs. 295 crores. COVID and COVID-allied 
business declined by 2% from Rs. 53 crores to Rs. 51 crores. The contribution from COVID and 
COVID-allied tests has come down from 19.9% of revenue to 14.9% of revenue. Happy to share 
that our B2C share stood at 94%. EBITDA grew by 40% to Rs. 156 crores from Rs. 112 crores 
in the corresponding previous period. EBITDA margin stood at 45% recording an increase of 
290 basis points over the corresponding previous period. The profit after tax increased by 62% 
year on year to Rs. 86 crores. Return on equity for the current period was 26% and pre-cash 
RoCE was 42%. 
Now, I will discuss the quarterly performance, i.e., the current Q3 quarter versus the previous 
Q3 quarter. Number of footfalls for the quarter increased by 25% year on year from 0.68 million 
to 0.85 million. Number of tests also up by 22% year on year from 1.91 million to 2.32 million. 
Revenue per test was Rs. 477 and revenue per footfall was Rs. 1,303. Consolidated revenue 
stood at Rs. 111 crores, an increase of 11% over the corresponding previous period. We would 
like to inform that our non-COVID revenue increased by 20% year on year from Rs. 85 crores 
to Rs. 102 crores. COVID and COVID-allied business declined by 40% from Rs. 14 crores in 
Q3 FY21 to around Rs. 9 crores in the current quarter. The contribution from COVID and 
COVID-allied tests has also come down from 14% of revenue in the last Q3 to 8% of revenue 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
in the current Q3. Our B2C share in the current quarter stood at 95%. EBITDA increased by 3% 
to Rs. 48 crores and EBITDA margin is healthy at 43.2%. The profit after tax increased by 2% 
to Rs. 25 crores resulting at a PAT margin of 22.8%. Cash and cash equivalent at the end of this 
quarter was Rs. 235 crores as against Rs. 229 crores at the end of September 2021. 
During this quarter, fixed asset additions of Rs. 30 crores happened including a Capex of Rs. 11 
crores for purchase of building of our diagnostic center at Kolkata which was on lease for more 
than 2 decades. The remaining amount was spent mainly for commissioning 4 centers 
comprising 2 hubs, 2 spokes, and 1 reference lab. 
Now, I will hand it over to our CEO who will speak about the strategy we plan to adopt. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Let me also talk about the company's strategic plan for the near future. We will continue to focus 
on maintaining and growing our presence in our core geographies i.e. Telangana and Andhra 
Pradesh. To this end, we have expanded 9 centers in the 9 months of the current fiscal. We plan 
to set up six more in the last quarter and have earmarked suitable locations in the core 
geographies as part of our expansion plan for the next 2 years. Our immediate next focus will be 
to expand to East India and the adjacent geographies where we have already identified multiple 
locations for expansion. The company enjoys a significantly strong brand recall and the fact that 
majority of our business is through walk-in customers is the testament to this. Our motto to 
provide comprehensive diagnostic services of the highest quality under one roof at reliable, 
affordable, and in a customer-centric manner will continue to motivate and propel our business 
decisions. 
I now request the moderator to open the forum for questions from the audience. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Aashita Jain 
from Edelweiss Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aashita Jain: 
My first question is on the rest of AP and Telangana region. Sir, as you are expanding the rest 
of AP and Telangana, what has been your experience so far compared to the Hyderabad region? 
Maybe in terms of initial uptick in the volumes or realizations or maybe in terms of competition. 
Any qualitative color you would like to highlight? 
Suprita Reddy: 
If you look at our total count, we have already been present in the Tier-2 and Tier-3 locations of 
Andhra and Telangana and some of these hub centers in these locations actually get a larger 
footfall than what we would see in a hub center in Hyderabad itself. Because we have always 
believed in following the same integrated all-under-one-roof model and once that hub stabilizes, 
we start adding the asset-light spokes in those centers. So, even going forward, we don't see 
anything that's going to change in terms of the plan of the business itself and we have identified 
these locations, and like I have already mentioned, there will be 6 more openings before this 
year-end. And going forward also, there will be a mix of centers coming up both in Andhra and 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Telangana and a mix of both hub and spoke. And maybe Siva can just give you a number to 
complete the answer. 
Sivaramaraju V: 
Out of the 9 centers that we have opened in the last 9 months, 4 centers were in Hyderabad out 
of which two were hubs and two were spokes and the rest of five were in other parts of Telangana 
and Andhra Pradesh. Out of these five, 1 was hub in Mancherial and the rest were spokes in our 
existing cities. 
Suprita Reddy: 
The other part of your question was revenue per footfall. It is not very different because if you 
look at even the number of footfalls itself is way higher in these Tier-2 regions compared to the 
centers that come up in the city of Hyderabad. So, the volumes are higher and the revenue per 
footfall is a little over than Hyderabad. Anything between 5% to 10% is the lower, but the 
volumes take over that. So, that's taken care of that. 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
Also, just to add one more point. Even at the cost level, the center overheads like your staff cost, 
housekeeping, security, etc., are comparatively lower in these markets compared to Hyderabad. 
Aashita Jain: 
My second question was on the eastern market. How do you see this market contributing to your 
overall revenues say in the year 5 from now? And could you please talk a bit on your strategy of 
expanding in this region – maybe in terms of number of centers or hubs you are planning to 
open, any acquisition plans, or any other quantitative or qualitative colour you would like to 
give? 
Suprita Reddy: 
 Since we were focusing on our core geographies of Andhra and Telangana, east was the region 
we chose very carefully to make it another home market by the time we have expanded enough 
in this region of Andhra and Telangana; that's say about 2 years from now. But in spite of that, 
we have already identified locations to start a hub center in Kolkata, maybe in the next 12 to 15 
months and then take it from there. If you ask me year 5 from now, I wouldn't have an exact 
number probably, but that's a market where we will be starting first. And not maybe expanding 
the number of spokes at the same pace that we would do in Andhra and Telangana but definitely 
you will see a hub come up in the next 12 to 15 months, a year for that to stabilize which is year 
3, and then the spokes start getting added up in and around the region of Kolkata. And I wouldn't 
have a number on that. 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
Currently, the Kolkata region is contributing approximately 2.5% of the revenues. Since we have 
a plan to start the first hub in Kolkata in the next 12 months' period, the moment it stabilizes, we 
will start adding the spokes. So, definitely, the 2.5% number down the line 5 years might be 
touching the highest single-digit number also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitesh Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mitesh Shah: 
I have a question on the non-COVID revenue. Generally, Q3 is the weakest quarter for all the 
diagnostic players, but if I can see sequentially, the growth is almost 0.3% but it has grown 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
actually. What is the reason for a weak seasonality quarter and we have done reasonably well in 
Q3? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
Generally, in the diagnostic industry what we have seen in our experience here is that the Q3 is 
a lean quarter compared to the other quarters, but in spite of that if you look at our non-COVID 
revenues sequentially from Q2 to Q3, they are more or less flat. There is no dip in the non-
COVID revenues sequentially; however, even though the Q3 is generally a lean quarter. And if 
you look at the year-on-year performance from the last year Q3 to current Q3, non-COVID has 
increased by almost 20% on the non-COVID revenue levels. 
Mitesh Shah: 
Yes, I agree with you. Any particular reason that in a weak seasonality quarter we have done 
reasonably well? Or is there any one-off or it is just a normal revenue of the year? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
There are no one-offs, it's a regular revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the life of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
My question is on the realization. If I look at on the Y-o-Y basis, it is down; and on the sequential 
basis also, it's flat, around Rs. 477 level. Is this the sustainable level we can look at? Secondly, 
the Y-o-Y correction is largely because of COVID prices have reduced or COVID volume has 
gone down or is there an element of some price correction in the non-COVID business as well, 
as you are moving to Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
The price realization if you look at it on a non-COVID revenue base, because it's proper to look 
at it on non-COVID revenue because the COVID realizations were higher in the last Q3, per test 
of RT-PCR was somewhere around Rs. 2,200 till mid-November and gradually decreased to Rs. 
850 and then further to Rs. 500 at the end of the last Q3. So, if you exclude the COVID and 
COVID-allied testing, if you look at the realization per test for the current quarter is 
approximately Rs. 472 to Rs. 475 which is similar in the last year Q3 also, Rs. 475. So, there is 
no impact on this front at the non-COVID revenue level. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Second, on the volume side. In terms of the volume, in number of tests, how much is the 
contribution from non-Hyderabad? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
Generally, if you look at our revenue, approximately 83% revenue comes from Hyderabad and 
the 17% from out of Hyderabad. So, we expect on the volume side, slightly 1% to 2% change 
might be there or more or less 17% to 18% might be the volume side contribution from out of 
Hyderabad. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Ma'am, I just want to understand if we look at our expansion plan, in terms of our market share 
in the dominant region that we are present in, what is stopping us from gaining market share 
faster? Is there anything that you see as a deterrent right now or any challenges or you think it's 
all open for us and we can capture it as fast as we can? Then, what we need to do to increase the 
pace? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Definitely, if you look at the market share of Andhra and Telangana, I think today we have got 
7% market share. If you look at Hyderabad alone, I wouldn't have a number from anybody, but 
it would definitely be a double-digit number. Per se if you see, all of our centers including the 
smallest centers that we open are an integrated model. They service everything from a blood test 
to an entire health package. So, the number of centers even if you see in Hyderabad would be 
more than 60, but at the same time would be equivalent to say about a few hundred sample 
collection kind of model contributing to them. We have not seen any major challenges in terms 
of opening the centers whether it is in the city of Hyderabad or the Tier-2 and Tier-3 locations. 
Normally, for us, there are 3 deterrence that we see that we make sure. One is, the location has 
to be absolutely spot on; the second would be the talent; and the third is something that we look 
at especially in Tier-2 and Tier-3 regions is availability of maybe a Government medical college 
to make sure talent is there in terms of the consultants themselves. Otherwise, there has 
absolutely not been any kind of struggle in opening these centers. Historically, we were very 
comfortable opening about 11 to 12 centers a year. If you have seen, very comfortably we are 
opening about 14 to 15 centers a year. Even going forward, we are very confident of maintaining 
that same rate. In fact, the mix is what matters here. We say, about 11 spokes is what we open 
versus 3 to 4 hub centers. Depending on these factors that I have mentioned, the mix changes 
and we open these centers. In fact, we have clear visibility of the next 2 years of what we would 
be opening. We are very confident on that. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Just to add on for that, if you have a clear visibility, how should we see in terms of our market 
share? Do you expect it to be overcoming 2 or 3 years whatever is the horizon you are looking 
at? What is your internal aim? 
Sivaramaraju V: 
We cannot tell you the exact market share, but year on year, we will be inching up. If you see in 
the current year, the market is expected to grow at 12% to 13%, but currently if you see our 9 
months results, it is almost more than 25%. At least in the current year, we would definitely inch 
some percentage. Like that, maybe in 3-4 years down the line, we will enter into double digits 
in Andhra and Telangana; because today we are more in Hyderabad, now we are concentrating 
on other parts Andhra and Telangana where we have 80% of the population in the states. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
In terms of any competition that you see in these regions, specifically in AP and Telangana? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Competition has always been there; in fact, different competitors at different times; we have not 
seen any kind of impact on our business from them. Even in the interiors of Andhra and 
Telangana, we are a very differentiated model. When we go in with a large hub versus you have 
a lot of unorganized players there. So, when you are giving them something at an affordable 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
price in a better facility with better technology, and this is I think what has created that word of 
mouth for Vijaya, the high brand recall and the trust. That has been going well and we have seen 
in fact a lot of competition mushrooming in COVID times, and at the same time, not seen an 
impact of that on our business in these regions. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Anything from online side in the city area, specifically Hyderabad, do you see anything which 
is kind of changing? Any scenarios which are changing in the recent times with the online 
competition players or aggregators fastening up? Do you see them gaining the share or anything 
of that sort? Any observations on the industry side? 
Suprita Reddy: 
This has come to us a lot of times even previously. We have definitely not seen a huge impact 
on this aggregator business on us, probably also because of the integrated model itself. Because 
Radiology itself cannot be serviced at home or remotely. And the customer, for convenience 
even if he gets pathology done, would have to come back to a center for Radiology. Normally 
we see an increase in demand for home collection or home services when the pandemic is at its 
peak. Even in the home collection peaks during the COVID times whether we have seen it in the 
wave 1, wave 2, or even now in wave 3. But definitely, the correlation of results with reference 
to both Pathology and Radiology tests is must. We have not seen too much of an impact here. In 
fact, aggregator business that comes to Vijaya is only about 1% to 1.5% of our revenues, not 
more than that. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
One last from my end. If you can help us understand the current scenario given the wave 3? Any 
inputs that you can highlight? Trends, is it settling around in your view right now or what is the 
scenario? 
Suprita Reddy: 
They would typically come into our quarter 4, In Q3, we didn't see too much of COVID 
happening. And January is when it peaked. Definitely, it's been a month full of COVID for us 
and we will be able to comment more on that in our next call when we catch up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Awatramani from Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
Can you highlight your Capex plans in the near future and how do we plan to execute those? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
As we explained, we will be opening at least 10 to 11 spokes and 3 to 4 hubs and the typical 
Capex requirement for the spoke center is approximately Rs. 90 lakhs to Rs. 1.1 crore, and for 
the large format center, hub center with an MRI and CT. It comes to around Rs. 11 crores to Rs. 
12 crores. With a combination of 10 to 11 spokes and 3 to 4 hubs, what we expect is around Rs. 
75 crores Capex for the next financial year. And since we are expanding in the Tier-2 and Tier-
3 towns and our go-to-market strategy is to start with a hub center whenever we enter into a new 
market. In case if there is any change in the mix, i.e., more number of hubs compared to 3 and 4 
that we are planning since we want to penetrate into new district and towns, in case if we open 
more number of hubs and correspondingly the Capex might increase compared to Rs. 75 crores, 
but at the same time, it will boost our revenues as well. Apart from that, Rs. 4 crores to Rs. 5 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
crores of Capex we are planning for our digital initiative like coming up with our new web portal 
and also a mobile application and the new billing software to make it compatible with the online 
and digital platforms. Rs. 4 crores to Rs. 5 crores are we expecting for these initiatives which 
might come on live sometime in the month of May. This is the Capex estimate for the next 
financial year. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
Sir, if I may ask a follow-up question on this, how are we planning to fund this Capex and are 
we using any IPO proceeds or are we planning for some debt raising or how are we funding this? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
As you know, the best part of the business model is approximately like 28% to 30% is the cashpat 
percentage. The internal accruals itself will be enough to take care of the Rs. 75 crores to Rs. 80 
crores of Capex. Even though we open more number of hubs, we will be able to use the internal 
accruals. We need not go for any external funding, and during the IPO, we have not raised any 
primary funding as well. It was a pure secondary sale. We have cash and cash equivalents of 
approximately Rs. 235 crores as of December. So, we are fairly confident that we will be able 
to meet the Capex requirement and no need to raise any funding. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
One last thing is that what are the margins we are expecting for the next year? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
As you know, currently the margins are above 40% and considering our expansion also, we are 
fairly confident on north of 40% EBITDA margins going forward as well. 
Sanjay Awatramani: 
So, this 40% will be maintained, right? This is EBITDA margins for full year? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
Yes, EBITDA margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
On the non-COVID business, can you talk about how the 2-year revenue and volume CAGR has 
been for the non-COVID based business? Because on a year-on-year basis, the growth looks 
high on account of the depressed base last year. 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
As you know, the last year was impacted due to COVID and we also had seen change in the mix 
between the COVID and non-COVID across the quarter, and also, we were opening around 12 
to 13 centers previously, but due to pandemic in the last year, we could open only 7 centers and 
that too at the fag end of the financial year. Even though the 2-year CAGR of 7% on the non-
COVID value, in our view, it is not the right measure to look at it considering the last 2 years' 
impact of the pandemic on the business. And if you see the quarter on quarter from last year Q3 
to current year Q3, the non-COVID both volumes and the revenues have increased by 20%. And 
we are fairly confident considering the strategy of opening 15 centers; in the current year, we 
have already opened 9 centers and we are on track to open another 6 centers by this financial 
year-end. In case if we see the end of pandemic by March and then once the normalcy sets in, 
then we are fairly confident on 15% top line growth even in the next year as well. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So, you mentioned that 7% is the non-COVID volume growth which is muted because we could 
not open the desired number of centers last year? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
7% on the revenue CAGR growth for 2-year CAGR on the non-COVID. Volumes, I need to 
look at it; approximately it might be lower than 7%. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Is there any difference which you are seeing in terms of how the recovery is playing out between 
your Pathology and Radiology segments on the base business or you have seen equal recovery 
in both these segments playing out for you? 
Sivaramaraju V: 
 According to our opinion and then we keep talking to other players both in the medical industry, 
we still feel at least in this region, we have not reached to the normalcy. Still there is some scope. 
Maybe we might not be able to quantify that, but definitely, had there would not been COVID, 
the situation would be slightly better. 
Suprita Reddy: 
It has also been like a fluctuating experience for us because every wave has been showcasing 
something that something new is coming up. In fact, last wave, we saw a lot of COVID with 
COVID-allied tests. This time, we see only COVID tests and not COVID-allied tests. In spite of 
that, the general mix of that 65% coming in from Pathology and 35% coming in from Radiology 
is still maintained and don't see too much of a difference but definitely like Siva has mentioned, 
in this region, the normalcy has not come in. We are still at about 80% to 85% of where we were 
at non-COVID times. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Ma'am, just 1 clarification with respect to the 7% market share which you indicated in the 
Hyderabad market. This is the market share of the overall diagnostics market in Hyderabad. So, 
what will be your market share if you ex-out the hospital-based diagnostics market? 
Suprita Reddy: 
All this is 7% out of hospital of entire Andhra and Telangana. There is no number specifically 
given for Hyderabad. So, we do not have an exact number. That is why, I mentioned we would 
still be at a double-digit number. Since I do not have any kind of document to base that, I do not 
have that number to give you, would definitely be way higher in terms of Hyderabad. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
This is out of the hospital market? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Out of hospital of Andhra and Telangana together as a whole. 
Sivaramaraju V: 
And if you take hospital market also for these 2 states, then we would be around 3%, because in 
hospitals, one thing to notice, though the number of testing is low, the average realization will 
be high because the tariff of hospital will be higher 
Suprita Reddy: 
Designed basically for inpatients. That's the major differentiator there. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
One question on your East India aspirations. You said that you have bought out the Kolkata hub 
building. Are you going to refurbish the hub which you already have in Kolkata? And for 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
expanding into the Kolkata and East India market, what will be your growth strategy? Will we 
continue to focus largely on the B2C segment, or during the initial few years, we would also be 
open to tapping the B2B opportunity? 
Suprita Reddy: 
This center that we are talking about is of our subsidiary. Medinova was operating in this 
building for the last 2 to 2.5 decades and there was a litigation on that building for a while now, 
and when the opportunity came and when the owners were willing to sell and since our business 
is based completely on a B2C model, the location is a known location, has been servicing, has 
done extremely well during the COVID time, we said it would be the right thing to do for the 
company. Since Medinova did not have sufficient funds, Vijaya Diagnostic bought this building 
to clear out the litigation. And when Vijaya had acquired Medinova in the year 2015 itself, it 
revamped, gave it a new look and feel and invested in it and it's a fully renovated center, is a hub 
center, but is operated by Medinova. Our aspirations of entering into the East will be from the 
Vijaya Company. Vijaya has already identified multiple locations, would close on something 
soon and that would be the hub center for Vijaya, and once that actually stabilizes, we believe 
only in doing B2C business. Even in new geographies, do not enter with B2B. It will be an 
integrated model with a high-end lab which is accredited with the MRI & CT and everything 
else. Once that stabilizes, we will start adding on the spokes in the eastern India region. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So, this new hub center which you are talking about in the Kolkata market over the next 12 to 
15 months, this is the hub center which will be put up by Vijaya? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Yes. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
And this is not the Medinova center? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Medinova continues to operate there and the growth plans of Medinova will be decided by that 
company  and the board. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praful Kumar from Dymon Asia. Please go ahead. 
Praful Kumar: 
Congratulations for a great performance. I have just 2 small questions. First is, in terms of 
inorganic, we are seeing competition, especially players in Maharashtra and in Delhi acquiring 
assets to grow. What are our thoughts on acquisition as a strategy to grow? Second question 
would be collaboration with, as you have said that a lot of people ask us a lot of questions 1mg 
and platforms, do you think collaborating with platforms makes a better proposition for higher 
volume growth for us? 
Suprita Reddy: 
I will take the first one, the M&A question. We have already mentioned earlier that we are very 
open to these M&A options. In fact, we selectively want to evaluate them. The key factors which 
we look at while evaluating these are more on the customer-centric focus since we are a B2B 
player, an integrated player, the culture, the quality of the assets, the scale, and the team 
bandwidth itself. And when we do find something like this, the other thing that we look at is the 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
geographies that we are interested in. The core geographies would be Andhra, Telangana, and 
the eastern India region. Anything comes up in these geographies, more than willing to look at 
it. An added advantage for Vijaya would be even if it's a pure Pathology player or a pure 
Radiology player, we add value to it by creating and making it an integrated facility. When it 
comes to the aggregator business, like I mentioned earlier, 1% of our revenue is today coming 
from the aggregators. But most of the times what I have seen and in my experience is these 
aggregators come into different geographies and then try to piggyback on the leader of that 
geography. So, they come in and they want to tie up and then they advertise and that does come 
in as the aggregator business. So, even though we have tied up and we give them our regular 
discounts, we see 1% coming in from here, and typically again, the patients have to visit the 
facility for Radiology. So, we see the volume not increasing much. In fact, it's been stagnated at 
this number since the last couple of years. 
Praful Kumar: 
One last question, ma'am. In terms of Radiology and Pathology mix over say next 2-3-5 years, 
broadly remains the same as a strategy? Is there a change that you think it should be more 
Radiology and how are the margins different in each of these businesses? 
Suprita Reddy: 
 For us, not 2 to 3 years, in fact since the last few years, we don't see a major change in the 
revenue mix at all. It's been that 65:35 and we don't see a change also happening. I think it's 
going to continue at the same pace. Even the model of our centers that's why are more in the mix 
of more number of spokes versus hubs. The spokes add on to these hubs so that this volume also 
gets retained. So, we don't see a huge change of mix here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of B V Bajaj from Bajaj Shares and Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
B V Bajaj: 
Congrats for the 9 months' excellent results. I have a specific question. In your investor 
presentation, under strategy going forward – I need a response from the Chairman Mr. Reddy 
sir because Medinova holding about 62% is with Vijaya Diagnostics and you have put a lot of 
investment, taking the building and planning eastern India hub for diagnostic center under the 
Medinova label. Now, Medinova shareholders, do they expect some future planning so that it 
will be amalgamated and merged or how you are planning to treat Medinova stakeholders under 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre? Though you are putting a lot of Capex money and under Medinova 
you have already invested enough money and still you have plans to make a hub. Can you throw 
some light on the future strategy of your holding of Medinova Diagnostic in eastern India? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
The expansion that madam was talking is not in the exact location of where the Medinova 
Diagnostic Centre is. We would like to expand in the other regions, and since the Medinova 
subsidiary was having the existing litigation, as a parent, we had to buy the building and then 
ensure the continuity of operations at our subsidiary. Coming to the strategy and the expansion 
plans of Medinova, that will be decided by the Medinova board, and as of now, the Vijaya's plan 
is to go deep into the eastern markets, not in the exact location where the Medinova center is 
there. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
B V Bajaj: 
You mean, you will be taking this Medinova label or the name which is existing in eastern India, 
maybe Kolkata, again to other hub location where you will be planning or it will be only Vijaya 
Diagnostic? 
Narasimha Raju K A: 
That we will decide in due course depending upon the situation at that time. In case if we use 
any of the brand of the Vijaya, we will have to take the appropriate permission at the board-to-
board level. Since anyhow it is the subsidiary of Vijaya Diagnostic with 62% holding, we will 
ensure that both the company shareholders' interests are protected. 
B V Bajaj: 
Yes, because as being a shareholder of Medinova, he will be more concerned about alienation 
with Vijaya Diagnostic what will be the future. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Suprita 
Reddy, Chief Executive Officer, for closing comments. 
Suprita Reddy: 
As a company, we have always laid emphasis on adopting the most advanced and sophisticated 
technology, given the utmost importance to hiring the best available skill and talent, and never 
compromised on the quality of our services. While ensuring this, we have always worked to keep 
our services affordable to our customers. With this being at the core of our culture and having 
the best of expertise, technology, and infrastructure at our disposal, we believe that we are 
sufficiently equipped to make the most of every opportunity that comes our way and to maintain 
and grow a strong brand. For any further information, we request you to get in touch with 
Krishna Kiran or our external investor relation advisors, Orient Capital, and they would be more 
than happy to help you. Thank you again for your time everyone. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
