 
Orient Electric Limited - a CK Birla Group Company  CIN No.: L31100OR2016PLC025892 
240, Okhla Industrial Estate, Phase III, New Delhi 110020, India    Tel +91 11 40507000    Fax +91 11 40507004 
Regd. Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751012   investor@orientelectric.com   www.orientelectric.com 
January 25, 2022 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: ORIENTELEC 
 
Department of Corporate Services -Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
   Scrip Code: 541301 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation to our earlier letter dated January 21, 2022, filed in terms of the provisions of 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
regarding participation of the management of the Company in an Earnings Call, to discuss the 
un-audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2021, scheduled for Friday, January 21, 2022 at 09:30 AM (IST). 
 
In this regard, transcript of the aforementioned Earnings Call is attached herewith. Further, 
the said transcript is also available on the website of the Company and can also be accessed 
through the following link:  
 
https://www.orientelectric.com/images/investors/EarningsCallTranscript-Q3-FY2021-22.pdf  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  Yours Sincerely, 
 
For Orient Electric Limited 
 
 
Hitesh Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Due to several restrictions imposed to prevent spread of COVID19, this document is signed digitally. 
Hitesh 
Kumar Jain
Digitally signed by 
Hitesh Kumar Jain 
Date: 2022.01.25 
15:16:13 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Orient Electric Limited Q3FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH KHANNA - MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CEO, ORIENT ELECTRIC LIMITED 
MR. SAIBAL SENGUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ORIENT ELECTRIC LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PVT. LTD. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Orient Electrics Limited Q3FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Pvt. Ltd. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from PhillipCapital (India) 
Pvt. Ltd. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Good morning everyone. On behalf  Phillip Capital I welcome you all to Orient Electric Limited 
Q3FY22 Earning Call. Today we have with us Management represented by Mr. Rakesh Khanna 
- Managing Director & CEO and Mr. Saibal Sengupta – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without taking much of time, I would like to hand over the floor to Management for  
their opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you 
Management for your opening remarks. Thanks. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Good morning, everyone. My name is Rakesh Khanna. It's pleasure to be with all of you. And 
thank you all for joining us for our 3rd Quarter Earnings Call. 
I hope that all of you and your families are safe and healthy in these pressing times once again 
with Wave 3 surge in past few weeks. Health and safety of our employees and all business 
partners continue to be our top priority. Our COVID Response Team has continued its 
surveillance and we have extended support to all our employees, with key Doctor consultation, 
having oxygen concentrators on the standby and made food delivery available to affected 
employees and their families. Rapid Antigen Test kits have been arranged at the offices to act as 
the first line of testing and defense. Agile RT PCR testing and isolation of COVID positive 
associates and their immediate team contacts were acted upon very promptly. 
I am happy to share that severity of virus is less, as no hospitalization has been reported till date 
from the employees and business partners, and neither has there been any impact on business 
continuity so far. Moreover, 100% vaccination and greater awareness gives us the confidence 
that we will be able to come out of this quicker and stronger. We have also carried out 
Community Health Care programs, with hospitals tie-ups for underprivileged, vaccination drive 
and mask distribution. 
Coming to our overall performance, the 3rd Quarter of Financial Year 22 saw an overall resilient 
performance even though we continue to face challenges on multiple fronts. For Quarter 3 
Financial Year 22 Orient Electric experienced healthy revenue momentum growing by 9.7% 
year-on-year against a much higher corresponding year-on-year base, which had surged due to 
consumers extra buying against the pent-up demand last year. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
We continue to strengthen our brand image and consumer centricity in all our offerings, which 
was validated by securing “ET Best Brand” and Consumers Validated “Super Brands Award.” 
Following our promise of delivering smart products, we were recognized by Ministry of Power 
and NRE and bagged the prestigious National Energy and Conservation Award 2021 under the 
category “Most Energy Efficient Appliance of the Year - LED Bulb” for our 9W Self Ballasted 
LED Bulb. 
Despite the looming concern of a Wave 3 led by Omicron variant, the company's preparedness 
to counter production challenges and ensure business continuity helped in delivering overall 
revenue growth during this quarter. All factories are up and running in full capacities, and our 
sales, service and distribution staff including warehouses are all operating smoothly within the 
given restrictions and guidelines of the government. 
Considerably good growths were reported across all business segments, except for Appliances 
which was impacted due to delayed winter and lack lustre festival season, impacting the 
inventory rotation in the trade. The Lighting and Switchgear segment performed extremely well 
with double digit growth during the quarter. 
The increase in commodity prices and our inability to pass the entire increase has kept the 
margins under pressure until now. With a 70% share of the business, the ECD segment has been 
most severely impacted. We were largely able to compensate for the loss of margin in ECD 
segments by protecting the Lighting and Switchgear margins through smart component 
substitution, vendor selection, pre-buying, inventory management and favorable product mix. 
The ECD segment grew by 4.5% year on year in revenue and continued its positive momentum 
in Q3 Financial Year 22 despite many headwinds, including raw material, inflationary pressure, 
and the looming fear of the Wave III COVID. 
Fans business had a good sales uptick for the quarter. Our distribution expansion initiatives 
supported by the increasing adoption of DMS & SFA and Orient Connect platforms are helping 
the reach expansion and more visibility of sales to support our value selling proposition. Export 
sales were marginally impacted on account of geopolitical and economic emergencies in 
countries such as Sudan and Sri Lanka. 
In terms of Appliances this business delivered subdued performance during the quarter. Water 
heaters and kitchen appliances were flattish in the quarter due to pre-buying in Quarter 2, late 
onset of the winter season and less buyout during the festival season. However, on YTD basis, 
these categories have registered growth in the range of 30%. 
On the Coolers front, which is a significant contributor in Appliances, business, channel partners 
were already stocked up on previous inventories. With the fear of another COVID wave looming 
they refrained from making restocking decisions. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Lighting and Switchgear segment on the other hand registered a very strong high double digit 
growth at 25%. Lighting business had an impressive run. The B2C segment led by Consumer 
Luminaire and Professional Luminaire recorded encouraging growth, enjoying strong demand 
from home, small offices and showrooms. In the B2B segment, both private and government 
business inquiries have increased especially in highways, railways and smart cities. Furthermore, 
the Façade business is showing very positive traction with new projects coming on the way. This 
is also helping the company to build its capabilities in this sector as well. 
Thus, the slowdown of the EESL business was more than compensated by Consumer Luminaire 
(CLUM), Professional Luminaire (PLUM), B2B businesses, which also supported the margins. 
Switchgear business also recorded good growth in the quarter. The company's new range of 
switches catering to mass premium segment is being very well received by channels and 
consumers alike. And volumes continue to pick up pace each month. Through new projects and 
new dealer appointments, we are placing particular focus on our B2B segment. The company is 
continuously engaging with the electrician community for advocacy and influencer projects. 
On the expenses front our other operating costs also saw an upward trend during Quarter 3 
Financial Year 22 as operations resumed to normal pre-COVID levels, ancillary costs such as 
distribution, marketing, and travel which are essential to drive business growth came back into 
the system. Thus, our operating EBITDA decreased by 21% year-on-year on an unusually higher 
base, leading to two year CAGR of 21%. 
Looking at about working capital as on 31st December 21, it has increased by 16 days for the 
previous fiscal year levels. This was due to a planned built up of inventory as readiness for 
upcoming season Quarter 4 Financial Year 22 coupled with slow moving Cooler inventory. 
However, due to better working capital management, the working capital days has been on a 
decreasing trend from 52 days in Quarter 1 Financial Year 22 to 34 days in Quarter 3 Financial 
Year 22. 
In terms of liquidity, our net cash position improved quarter-on-quarter due to improved 
collections and better working capital management. Furthermore, there is general consensus 
forming that 3rd Omicron based wave is likely to cause less damage to the healthcare system. 
And this wave is expected to have milder economic impact than previous waves, making the 
marketplace feel calmer about the sustainability of consumer demand. 
As I had mentioned in my earlier calls, through this entire COVID period, we have continued to 
invest in our long term strategic plans, cost control measures, improved efficiency in production 
and have increased partnerships, empower our channel partners with extended credit, which will 
enable us to grow faster than the market. 
On this note, I now hand over back to the PhillipCapital Team. Thank you very much. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
I have got two questions. The first question I have got is on the ECD margins. I think in the 
commentary you have indicated that the ECD margin were impacted by cost of product. Could 
you highlight what was the share of premium and decorative fans in your overall sales of fan in 
FY21, last year? And what is the share of premium and decorative fans in this particular quarter? 
And also, if you could highlight the difference in margin between entry level and the premium 
fans, that is the first question. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Rahul, first of all, I want to clarify I have said it a few times earlier also, that there is no margin 
correlation between entry and premium levels. There are products which will have higher 
margins than some of the premium products also, because it's all dependent on the cost and the 
customer's ability to pay, competitive pressures and our strategic positioning for a particular 
product. 
Having said that, there is not much of a difference between the mix of the entry level and the 
premium decorative, it largely remains on the similar side. While the premium has grown and 
the entry level has also grown, it is just that the middle segment is getting a little squeezed as of 
now, that's the trend that we are seeing in the market. And therefore, the importance of every 
single segment remains to be seen. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Will you give a share in terms of the share how much is premium and decorative --? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Once again, Rahul, it is a little difficult, the way we count premium will be a little different than 
what you count premium and some of the other peer group companies count premium. We count 
premium, which will be 10% of our top segment. You understand sometime back there was a 
discussion that Rs. 3500 was premium according to us. The prices have been gone up by around 
17% you cannot call Rs. 3500 as premium. Now we actually call more than Rs. 4000 plus as our 
premium. So, it's a continuously moving up segment. For us what is important is how is our top 
10% behaving and what is the share in that particular segment that Orient is enjoying. We will 
continue to remain a dominant player in the topmost segment in the market, which they also are 
clearly in that segment more than 40% of the market share. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Is it fair to say because at 10% of your total sales will be your premium fans. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
That's how we define the premium. 
Rahul Gajare: 
The second question I have got is on your R&D, could you specifically discuss R&D in some 
detail, specifically highlighting the expenses that you have done towards R&D in last year, 
FY21. Because I couldn't find any expenses that the company has done last year. And how is it 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
that you have done in the first nine months and plans for the full year? Also, which are the areas 
or products which you are specifically targeting in terms of in terms of the R&D spending --? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, let me first of all tell you what are we targeting in R&D, there would be a few confidential 
projects, which I will not be able to discuss, those we will share as and when they come out. If 
you see the recent launch that we have announced of our Floral, which is one of the unique 
patented design fan, which is for the first time a fan without any shank and rivets. It has been a 
dream for a lot of people to say, can we remove the rivets and trims from the fan. And nobody 
has been able to achieve that in metal fan, to say least in aluminum, because that's rather a weak 
material and cannot hold the blade, unless the shank and rivets are there. So, we have been able 
to crack that problem. It's a patented design, and we are very hopeful about how that product 
will do. 
The second, there would be focus on the fast-changing market requirement of power efficient 
fans within this the BLDC inverter series will continue to stay in focus. The redesigning of a lot 
of fans to get into the Star Rating and meet those requirements will be a lot of issues. There are 
new emerging taste of the consumer, where the consumers are asking for different kinds of 
designs so that will be another focus. 
Our focus will be in the TPW area where that particular segment shows a good growth. So, there 
are there are various pockets on which we are focusing, there are various level of priorities that 
have been set up depending on where we are seeing the highest potential to gain ratio. 
In terms of costs as of now, we have not completely isolated and published the R&D spend, 
because we also believe that R&D doesn't happen only in the labs. R&D is a common activity, 
which is together delivered by the entire team, which includes the manufacturing team, the 
marketing team, the sales team and the design team. 
Rahul Gajare: 
So, there's no specific number that we can --? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
No, we don't share that number. As of now, we don't share that number, we slice it out. 
Rahul Gajare: 
In FY20 you used to declare this number in the Annual Report, from 21 I couldn't find this 
number --. Continuing on this question, when is the Star Rating going to be effective? Is it July 
of this year for BLDC fans can you throw some light on, is there any change in the BEE norms? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Currently it stands at July it is not for BLDC fans only, it is for all ceiling fans. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Two questions, firstly on the volume growth if you could just give some color as in what really 
happened with Fans and Appliances, Consumer Luminaire and Professional Luminaire YoY and 
QoQ basis, whatever you can help to understand volume please. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, when we say that our growth has been 9.7% and the price increase has been in the range of 
14% to 15%. It's a normal thing that the volume has been lower, and the price has been higher. 
It's a simple math, right. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Anything between Fans and Appliances and Consumer Luminaire and Professional Luminaire 
if you can specify please? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
What would you like to be specified? 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, let’s say Fans volume growth YoY what would that be? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
You see that becomes rather complex, because this is that every single segment would have 
grown and shrunk a little differently, so it would be fairly complex and wide metrics which I 
will have to give you, wouldn’t be possible in a small time. But largely on a weighted average 
if you will see this is how it behaves. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And the second question, purely because of COVID Wave 3 even January must be a problem to 
raise prices right. And of course, the summer demand will now pick up as this wave subsides so 
what is lined up for that, what are you thinking in terms of which product mainly you want to 
pass on? And is the market ready to accept these price hikes, is the channel okay, now settled 
down, because COVID wave has again disrupted, right. So, just your thoughts on price rise? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
See there is always a little resistance to increase in the price hikes, okay, but despite all this 
resistance, you would have noticed that the industry has been able to pass 15% to 20% price hike 
and the market has accepted. I am not saying no to the fact that there is no price sensitivity with 
respect to demand, there is a little and that's where we say that the volumes have not been as 
high whereas the total value is high. And that part of price to volume will always remain. But 
nevertheless, we remain positive because of the total share of wallet and total share of the total 
household expenses in the categories where we play are not very large. And therefore, a price 
increase is not likely to deter the customers as much. Although there is some resistance from the 
trade, in terms of their channel inventory and when the prices go up they prefer to first liquidate 
their channel inventory. And they keep hoping that the commodity will take a correction and the 
price may come down. So, there is a certain lag. But we have been able to put through nearly 
15% to 20% price increase during the year reasonably well and we are confident the market 
understands that the commodity increase is a reality. And these costs increase is a reality, it will 
happen. It will get accepted. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
How much would you take to in 4th Quarter? How much price rise is pending, that’s all that’s 
my last question. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, the gap that you are seeing in the margins is something that we would want to cover up. And 
we would want to go back to the rightful margins. So, anywhere between 4% to 6% is the kind 
of price increase depending on different categories. And also, it depends on how much cost 
increase continues to happen. So, that's the price increase that we are looking at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
First question on the demand side. Can you talk a little bit about how is the retail demand really 
panned out in the Q3 this year? I am asking this question, because as you said, you have a very 
high base, volume growth this quarter has been on a decline, price rise is more. I am asking this 
question more from an angle of an inventory. Is the retail demand really weak at the ground level 
which added more inventory to the channel. 
And given I understand that there are only 15 to 20 days to the January and the wave has not hit 
hard to anyone barring some states enforcing lockdown on weekends, hass the sentiment 
weakened or you think now channel is filling up the inventory, the retail demand is coming back, 
just first question on this color. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
When I say that the demand has been a little less, see one of the things is we are comparing with 
last year okay. The second, if we see last two years, the total CAGR has been fairly high. So, if 
I go to pre-COVID level the CAGR has been good. So, the demand has not been bad demand 
has been good. It is just a comparison with what everybody was expecting and the kind of growth 
that we had got used to the very high growth that was not there. The e-commerce team felt a 
little less because last year the e-commerce growth was very high because everybody went only 
e-commerce route and this time, people were out in the market. So, while they still saw a better 
growth, e-commerce saw a little lesser growth. 
So, it's a mixed-up thing, but the total if you have grown by close to 10%, if the two year CAGR 
is close to 25%, then it's an okay growth from the pre-COVID levels. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And any comment on the inventory side, your channel stocked up well or is it like high or is 
there a scope of further inventory that can be done by the company? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Both sentiments played on channel this time. On one side, the sentiment was that the channels 
saw the prices are going to be going up and channel always tries to stockup when the prices go 
up. On the second side, the sentiment was playing that what if the next wave comes, and if there 
are lockdowns. So, there was a caution, and there was an optimism both played and I would say 
it kind of both neutralized each other, and I do not see any one major factor playing big. So, it is 
a normal channel inventory. And in case if the Wave 3 doesn't effect, we should be able to see a 
good uptick. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I agree you always maintain that fans is something that it's a very high penetrated product, but 
you are still showing growth in that category by launching very innovative fans and gaining 
market share. What’s the other category, I mean, this is the first time we saw switches and 
switchgears coming back. But we know that switchgear is more of a new build, the driver is the 
new build market, which in some pockets are firing of the country. 
But generally, your long term view, let's say in the next year, next one and a half to two years, 
do we see Switches and Switchgears really becoming big in the ECD segment. Big, I mean at 
least from a growth perspective. Apart from fans which are the categories which we feel, now 
it’s a time to gain market, because already the players are there. So, eventually you have to grow 
by gaining the market more. So, if you can comment a little bit on that. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, first of all, let me say Switches and Switchgears come in Lighting and Switchgear segments, 
not in ECD. Switches and Switchgears will grow for us because they are not as much dependent 
on the market growth as much they are dependent on the market share growth which is very 
small, and the market is very large. And as we get into with the proper range with our rightful 
presence, for what the brand demands, for what our product quality, etc. demands, we should be 
able to gain a respectable share in the market, and that will give us a very good growth. 
Same in ECD, we will be continuing to focus on the products that we have always set apart from 
fans, air coolers is a category which although has suffered for the three years. We still remain 
positive going forward, given the type of weather conditions in India, coolers will continue to 
do well. Water heaters are still a high growth category they will continue to do well. We will 
continue to focus on these products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Could you talk more about the Lighting segment because we have seen even Havells report 
strong numbers maybe is something to do with the changing competitive landscape. So, your 
thoughts may be useful on this. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Of course, we are gaining market share and that's because the competitive landscape is changing 
a little as we are getting opportunity to improve our shares, that's definitely happening. Also the 
consumer consumption behavior is changing with Lighting, where the consumer was earlier 
using a bulb is now using a batten and where the consumer was earlier using a batten wants to 
now use downlighters and panels. 
So, the overall lighting consumption, behavior of the consumer is changing and changing fast. 
And put together that all is helping for the market to grow. The B2B is also picking up and we 
have been small in B2B and we are gaining traction on that side gaining a faster acceptance. So, 
those are the reasons why we are growing well, and we are gaining shares. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
The second question is, if you could talk about the other categories in the ECD. And correct me 
if I am wrong, I heard water heaters and the heating category grew by 30%, so correct me if I 
am wrong. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
So, water heaters and heating appliances. Heating appliances which is the room heating 
appliances they really suffered because the winter was delayed. And normally these products 
they pick up and sell in the Quarter 3. If the winters are delayed, the trade is hesitant and on top 
of it with the COVID wave and all the anxieties related to it, the room heating suffered, but water 
heater has done well, kitchen appliances has done well. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Given that the COVID has hit again, are you seeing any momentum that is kind of slowing down, 
because we are seeing deceleration in the growth, especially in the ECD segment? Is it more to 
do with the strong price hikes? And I am drawing analogy with, from the Two-Wheeler 
manufacturers, who are talking about entry level bikes not doing well or Samsung, LG saying 
the entry level refrigerators and washing machines actually declining. So, any trend that you 
could throw that will be useful. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
See there is definitely some kind of headwind, but fortunately, as we are gaining our presence 
and as we are gaining share, we are not feeling it as much. By and large, the sentiment is 
reasonably positive and optimistic today in the market. The trade feels that this particular 
COVID wave will not cause a damage. We are also seeing internationally the governments are 
now accepting it more as a flu and while UK has announced that this will no more be a 
compulsion, even masks will not be a compulsion. 
So, we are not seeing people emotionally suffering this time. Everybody has comparatively 
passed through although many people have been infected. So, we are not finding that kind of 
caution. People are reasonably optimistic. And as an organization our current stand is that we 
will stay optimistic and we believe the market will sustain growth rest we will all see as it goes 
by. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur Harsh Pandya from ICICI Prudential 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
First question is on the cost front, so I think the entire industry had seen downward cost revision 
basically cost saving last year and now again when things picked up again and they have gone 
back to almost normal levels. So, last two quarters, when we see cost on the overhead front, can 
we say that this is more of sustainable nature of cost and we have reached that level or are there 
any other cost savings or cost escalation which are yet to be seen? I mean, because of seasonality 
it may change but as a percentage of sales have we reached a more of sustainable level of cost? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
By and large yes, Keyur, more or less most of the costs have come back. There are some costs 
as of now for example our marketing costs are not in full swing because every time when we go 
in for spending the money, we look at what the environment is and if the environment is very 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
healthy, we would spend, there is a careful watch on those ROIs of those spends. So, to some 
level the cost will go up a little, they will be all productive costs, but largely they are on the 
sustainable rates now. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Second question, extension of previous two participants question. So, when we talk about ECD, 
so other than fans, we talk about water heaters and coolers, now kitchen appliances is a large 
category which has many sub segments. And when I see our website we have a lot of products 
listed there. 
So, are we focusing on all those products at the same time or right now our focus remains on the 
large categories like water heaters and coolers, and that is why we will talk about them. So, just 
want to understand when we talk about ECD other than fans, which are our focus areas, which 
may or may not be, I mean due to time constraint, we may not be talking about it, but just which 
are the focus areas other than fan. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Your answer is hidden in your question itself. You see, for us all the categories are important, 
kitchen appliances are important, but kitchen appliances are highly fragmented area, okay. There 
are very few market leaders there is hardly any market leader that you can talk about barring 
some regional market leaders. And there are various reasons for it. Therefore, in kitchen 
appliances presence is good enough. And we are expanding and growing very well in kitchen 
appliances by ensuring that we are present. 
Coolers and water heaters are focus areas because that's where we are looking at gaining 
leadership position. So, that's how I differentiate, when you ask me focus areas, I would say 
coolers and water heaters, because that's where we are looking for leadership positions. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Last question, update on the new CAPEX which we announced, I think it is supposed to be get 
commercialized by start of say Q1FY23, any update on that. And once that has started, so how 
it will contribute in the sense, is it increasing our capacity? So, we are adding new products or 
we are say outsourcing to we are going inwards and doing insourcing and so it will contribute 
in terms of better gross margins or better margins at operating level. I mean, what is specific 
objectivity to reach out to some particular geography or to improve margins by insourcing, just 
to understand how it will reflect say in same medium term in our numbers? 
Saibal Sengupta: 
The Hyderabad project is not going to commercialize from 1st Quarter of FY23. It is going to 
start within the next few months. The commercialization of the project will happen at the end of 
FY23 subject to trials, successful trials and all that. As far as the second part of your question is 
concerned, yes, it is led by the capacity expansion to cater to the future demand, and to service 
the growth that is coming up. It is going to start with fans as we have always mentioned. The 
project is going to start with fans and that it will be followed by all the other product lines as 
well. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
My question was while it is kind of answered in pieces, what I just wanted to ask is that if we 
look at the demand environment prior to COVID, and during COVID, is it fair to say that the 
kind of growth all the organized leading players have seen is more to do with the market share 
gain while the underlying demand was pretty much steady, it was kind of weak prior to COVID. 
And that is now there in the base, the market share gains are there in the base. And hence, the 
incremental growth is looking a little weaker, while the demand continues to remain very much 
steady. Is that a fair assessment? I just wanted to understand your perspective on the same. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Achal, good way of thinking. See, there are no syndicated data and therefore I cannot say with 
conformity as to what is happening that these are all judgments and we are all making our 
judgment call based on whatever best we can understand. And yes, the best understanding is that 
the larger players or the faster players have gained better shares, okay. Some of the smaller 
unorganized people have suffered, they have given up for various reasons, was it their ability to 
match the cost? Was it their ability to plan? Was it their ability to sustain? There are various 
reasons. But some peers have gained. If that is right, then it's a permanent gain that has come in 
to these players. And as the market grows back, the gain will be maximum with these people. 
This is a hypothesis, I don't know to what extent it will be true as the market opens up and as we 
get more and more information, which is more syndicated and reliable, we will validate that. But 
this is a hypothesis which is a reasonably good hypothesis. 
Achal Lohade: 
Another question was, in terms of the urban and rural mix for us, how is it and are you seeing a 
weakness what we tend to read in media in the rural, do you see in your product categories for 
your company as well? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
It will be marginal, but you will have to see how we as an industry are more structured. Unlike 
an FMCG, which are direct reach in rural most of the fan industry, the appliances industry does 
not have a direct reach to very small towns, and we go through alternate routes. Although, if you 
go to the smallest village, you will find an Orient fan, it is always there. But, our measurement 
always happens from the nearest town, because nearest town supplies it to the small rural village. 
Currently, we are focusing on expanding the network and expanding the reach. Therefore, 
naturally, our share from the smaller towns is increasing at a much faster rate. Is it because of 
the demand or is it because that we are reaching out to those places a lot more, that visibility is 
not there with us. So, difficult for us to say whether the rural is going down or up, but we measure 
to us it appears that our rural share is going up, more so, because our reach and expansion is 
happening in the smaller towns a lot more. 
Achal Lohade: 
Would you be able to put a number to it, is it like now 10%, 15% of the sales from rural or it's 
hard to put that number? 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Hard to put that number, we don't define those numbers, in terms of our reach. We don't define 
those numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj Gala from Sundaram AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Just want to understand from the price increase which we have taken till date in the range of 
12% to 15%, and still in Q4, we would be taking further price increase. And in July if star rating 
gets implemented, there will be further increase in the range of 10%. How do you see then 
demand turning out after July month like considering such a sharp increase in the last one year. 
And especially on the replacement demand, you know that demand can get differed if there is a 
such a higher price increase. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Thanks for your concern, Nikunj, it can happen. But I personally don't think that's a huge 
deterrent, first, because the products that we are talking, specifically fans you are not a high 
discretionary product. And also, I always say that as a share of wallet it's a very small share of 
wallet. In the total household spend it’s a very small household spend. So, I don't think it's going 
to matter as much to the consumer, small, yes, it will affect but not going to be large and it 
should, people will easily get accustomed to the new price levels. 
And secondly, when the new five Star Rating happens the payback period is so quick that the 
increased cost gets justified very quickly. So, I don't think it's going to be a deterrent for larger 
time. In short term, yes, psychologically it impacts but logically there is no reason to have any 
deterrent. 
Nikunj Gala: 
And just secondly say, in case like building the scenario where there is a decline in the 
commodity price, will you be continuing the price increase which you have taken till date or you 
will believe that in the competitive intensity surge that you might have to give the benefits to the 
consumer also. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Lag always happens on both sides. If the commodity goes up, it’s always with a lag that we are 
able to pass. When the commodity comes down, there is also a lag. Because understand, in the 
market there is a high-cost inventory sitting. And no company wants to put the dealer's inventory 
at loss. And therefore, even if the companies want, there is an inability to pass it on to the market, 
very quickly. So, there will be a lag on both sides. 
Nikunj Gala: 
So, it's not like in the deflationary scenario, we will continue to enjoy the kind of increase which 
we have taken because that becomes a new normal, from the consumer perspective. So, there is 
no such a pricing power at industry level in that case. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
It is generally dependent on the competitive scenario, when the prices go down, the companies 
cannot immediately pass on the benefit to the customers. There will be a lag also, even if the 
companies want to do it, there will be a lag. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
In the PPT there is a mention that the Orient has seen market share gain in South and East for 
fans. Is it possible to highlight very briefly key efforts taken for this, and whether this share gain 
is sustainable? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes, Bhargav, there have been very sustainable efforts which are going on in South and East. 
These are the lower market shares for us and therefore, naturally, these are the areas where we 
would want to focus a little strongly because the gains are better. So, in South for example, we 
have the whole advertising campaigns in vernacular language, we are going very local. The 
Connect Project and the DMS Project is going very strongly over there. There are very strong 
ground teams that have been placed over there. The dealer network expansion is going very fast. 
So, there are many of these operating level efficiencies that have been built up which are helping 
us to improve our presence on the ground very strongly. 
In East, in Orissa, and Bihar, we are going with a completely new distribution practice of going 
with the redistribution strategy, where we are going directly to the market, appointing our 
redistribution partners by the district, and going very intensely into the distribution and the direct 
dealer strategy. So, we are taking these actions and we hope that we will gain significant 
positions in these markets. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Lastly, is it possible to highlight how much of our receivables and creditors are covered under 
the channel financing and vendor financing scheme? 
Saibal Sengupta: 
Mr. Bhargav, the percentages which we had referred in the last quarter that continues to remain, 
which is roughly about 40% of channel finance is concerned and about 60% plus as far as vendor 
finance is concerned. That percentage continues to remain as volumes go up, hopefully this will 
go up further. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Standard Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Just two questions. One, as we get into Q4, even Q4 of last year had a fairly high base, both in 
ECD as also Lighting. So, fair to assume that here again, we might continue with volume 
degrowth and maybe as we get into Q1 of next year fiscal, we get back to volume and value 
growth. Would that be a fair assessment or do you believe that channel restocking can be strong 
in Q4 to even get us some volume growth as well? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Ankur difficult to say, I generally restrain myself from telling what will happen in Quarter 4, we 
are still, in January we still have two and a half months to go. We will see it together. But we 
are hopeful. We are hopeful, we are optimistic, we believe it will go well, we will see. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Ankur Sharma: 
On the export markets as well, if you could talk a little bit, I think that's about upwards of 10%, 
15% of our total fan sales. So, how is that shaping up, I think you did talk about some weakness 
there in a few markets. So, if you could talk about the export markets, where do you see that 
kind of, say, two, three years down as well overall fan sales? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
If you say that 10%, I would make a correction there. And in terms of the markets, well, Sudan 
you all know, it's a large fan market. And it has got hit seriously through the political and 
economic turmoil there. Sri Lanka is another concern. Sri Lanka is on the verge of bankruptcy 
as has been announced so one has to be extremely careful in terms of ensuring that the payments 
etc. are secured. And of course, in such situation, the exports really take a beating. Having said 
that, the rest of the world is going well and there are new opportunities which are coming, and 
we are continuously growing in those opportunities. So, it's a balanced view. There is a clear 
headwind from a few countries, but at the same time, there are opportunities coming from other 
places. 
Ankur Sharma: 
And any targets in mind, how much you would want to have exports as an overall sales in fans, 
longer term? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Yes, our export ambitions are big, but currently I would not want to make statements about them. 
Yes, we would want to stay in the range of 10% and grow a little better. But opportunities are 
big and we are working on them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Just wanted to understand the breakup between multiple brands, obviously Orient is the mother 
brand, but excluding that De’ Longhi, Kenwood and Braun these are the key other brands that 
we are having. So, what is the revenue contribution from these brands? That is question one. 
And question two is, now with the Star Rating coming in from July, so, basically, there will be 
lot of inventory mismatch and other inventory good, the grade may not be willing to upload at 
that point of time. And again for the organized just like us, it will be a good opportunity to gain 
significant market share from smaller stores and organized players. So, how is the company 
prepared for that? And can you share what are the plans in a way to gain significant share from 
that event? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
First thing let me tell you about the De’ Longhi, Kenwood and Braun. This is a strategic 
partnership. All these products are very premium products while they are global leaders in their 
segments in India, India still has to gain sufficient momentum and appreciation for such high 
quality products at these price points. So, the market is still small. But both us and the De’ Longhi 
Group are fairly clear that this is the time to enter India and as Indian market matures to these 
kinds of products, we should be having significant presence in this particular segment. 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
The point to remember is globally these products are market leaders, and therefore, as the market 
grows in these categories, we should grow very well. Currently these are fairly small, and for us 
it is more of ensuring that these brands are well represented and present in the country. 
The second point that you talked about is about how the complexity of inventory happens, when 
the changeover happens. It's a very valid point and we are planning very closely on this, you are 
right that the players who will manage it well, will tend to gain better than some other players. 
And during this changeover, it's a high focus, as I said earlier also during the day, that one of the 
focus areas we have for our R&D team is how to reconstruct every fan to match into the newbie 
regime and get into the best possible Star Rating. So, you are right we have to plan on the 
inventory very carefully. Not only ours but also our trade partners. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So, just hypothetically, if you have to -- just divide our own portfolio currently, how will you 
say on the, when the Star based rating system comes so where do we stand on that? So, whether 
some of our portfolio will get affected, or largely our portfolio will require no change as such? 
Rakesh Khanna: 
A fairly large part of the portfolio of all the fans will require a little change, but the change is 
not very large, okay. It's about managing the specifications of the fan a little better, so that they 
qualify for the Star Rating. And that's what we are working on, all the fans are undergoing minor 
adjustments in their specifications to match the Star Rating. So, most of our portfolio will be 
compliant with the Star Rating. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
First question is, you talked about rural and urban market. So, if you can just touch upon the 
distribution side in terms of our expansion in the rural, at what pace we are adding touch points 
in the rural and what are the mix right now of rural versus urban for us. 
Second question on the distribution side is in terms of e-commerce versus general trade, what is 
the mix there and how we are seeing, we are seeing earlier some divergent trends in distribution 
on general trade versus e-commerce. So, if we can touch upon the sales trends on e-commerce 
versus general trade. So, those are the two questions from my side. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Let me first answer your e-commerce versus general trade. E-commerce versus general trade are 
for different categories is anywhere between 10% to 20% depending on different categories that 
we are talking. Some of the categories is very small to tell you, for example, in our Lighting, it's 
very small, it's kind of more or less negligible. One of the reasons is that we have cautiously 
taken the call as of now, given the kind of product and the challenges that we have that we would 
rather focus on the trade and we are gaining very quick traction. So, given the limitations we are 
focusing there. But when it comes to ECD, we are anywhere close to 10% to 20%, depending 
on different kind of product categories. And also, it depends on different months, there are 

 
 
Orient Electric Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
festive months when suddenly the e-commerce goes up, and some months when the e-commerce 
percentage is less and the trade percentage is high. But by and large we are in that range. 
When you ask about the expansion in terms of the rural expansion, we have our numbers. But 
as I said, we are not really talking about the expansion in the rural areas. Our expansion is a little 
differently defined. Our expansion is defined on the quality of expansion that we are doing. We 
are cutting down at a lot of places and we are expanding at a lot of places. You see, what we are 
doing is to what extent are we connected with the retailers now, that's a bigger question rather 
than how many retailers have our materials. To tell you how many retailers have our materials 
is 125,000 retailers. We don't even have that kind of a target to be at 125,000 retailers because 
there is no way to measure that. However, our direct reach and direct influence to the retailers 
has to significantly go up. And those are some of the internal targets that we are not sharing in 
the public domain for reason of competitive advantage. I can only share with you that there is 
DMS, SFA and Orient Connect are our three platforms. A combination of them is helping us to 
improve our direct reach, visibility and influence with the retailer at a very high pace. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Management, request, if any closing comments to the call. 
Rakesh Khanna: 
Thank you all the participants. I once again wish all of you, be safe. And I am sorry, we have 
not been able to take all your questions, but we will be very happy to answer your questions, 
you can be sending us the questions. You can write to Saibal directly and we will ensure that all 
your questions are well answered. Thank you so much once again for your continuous interest. 
And thank you PhillipCapital Team, especially you Deepak for organizing this call. Thank you. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks, Management and thanks everyone for joining. And thanks Management for giving us 
opportunity to host this call. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Pvt. Ltd. we conclude today's 
conference. Thank you all for joining, you may now disconnect your lines. 
