                              
       
 
 January 26, 2022 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 
 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Re: Transcripts - Tejas Networks Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call held on 
January 19, 2022. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.tejasnetworks.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
 Yours sincerely  
 For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer  
 & Company Secretary 

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 19, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. BHUPENDRA TIWARY – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY NAYAK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. ARNOB ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER & WHOLE 
TIME DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESH GADIYAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
DR. KUMAR N. SIVARAJAN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Tejas Networks Limited Q3 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhupendra Tiwary from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you and over to you Mr. Tiwary! 
Bhupendra Tiwary: 
Good evening everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we thank the management of Tejas 
Networks for giving us this opportunity for Q3 FY2022 results conference call. From the 
management, we have Mr. Sanjay Nayak who is CEO and MD, Mr. Arnob Roy who is COO and 
Whole Time Director, Mr. Venkatesh Gadiyar who is CFO and Dr. Kumar N. Sivarajan who is 
CTO, so without much ado, I will give it to the management post which we will take the question 
and answers. Over to you Sanjay! 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you and welcome everybody to Tejas Network’s call. I hope everybody is safe. We had 
furnished our results and also put the presentation on our website, so I hope you had a chance to 
download it or can take a look at it right now. We will be walking through the presentation. 
 
I am on slide number one, which are the key updates. In terms of the Q3 financials our net 
revenues for the Q3 was Rs.107 Crores, which was a year on year decrease of 17% and because 
of the low revenues, we had a PAT loss of Rs.24.3 Crores versus a PAT of Rs.9.2 Crores in Q3 
FY2021 for the corresponding period and our cash and cash equivalent are at Rs.1175 Crores and 
we have no debt. Just wanted to make sure that I clarify that our topline was lower and we will 
go into the reasons for that. We have not lost any revenues and we have not lost any customer or 
business and whatever revenue mix we had in Q3, we expect that it will be shipped out to our 
customers in the correspondingly upcoming quarters including Q4. 
In terms of the sales updates, we have one of the best booking in terms of new business win and 
our momentum of wins is very, very strong so we won business worth Rs.311 Crores and as a 
result our order book has increased to Rs.986 Crores, which is an all time high. So in that sense 
the business momentum is very, very strong. We are also happy to announce that we have been 
approved as a trusted sourced for telecom products by the Government of India and on an overall 
basis, we do see that the government has a very strong intent to promote domestic manufacturing 
and we clearly would be looking at all the different polices and the mechanics that we are setting 
up to take advantage of this situation. 
I am sure, you have been reading in the papers and we talked about it in our earlier call as well 
that for our 4G equipment, the radioactive networks base stations as we usually call it is 
undergoing proof of concept for BSNL’s 4G network via our system integration partner. That 
trial has been going on for a few months and it is progressing well. We do expect over the next 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
few weeks this trial should be closed subsequent to which the commercial conversation would 
start, but so far I think all the different requirements in terms of high watt radios and so many 
other things which are required in software, we have been able to deliver and demonstrate in the 
field to BSNL and the rest of the ecosystem. 
On the supply chain side, Q3 revenue shortfall was primarily because we had customer orders. 
We had lots of customers intact and we could not shift the complete systems due to specific 
component shortages. There were few critical suppliers which were planning to pull in their 
inventory, but we could not pull in that inventory and we ended up in a very tricky situation 
where we built up the rest of the system, but because of the few cards, which had all these 
components, which were required did not come in. It was akin to like we built the whole card, 
but some of the tiles were missing so we could not shift the entire car, so I think this is a problem 
that we faced and we hope that going forward at least we will have more pull ins but on an 
overall basis from whatever we have heard in the industry sources till the end of this calendar 
year, there will be supply chain constraints, which could have some volatility into the revenues. 
Of course, we have been taking advance purchase orders, we have been taking inventory actions, 
but at the same time even the suppliers sometimes had decommits or they are not able to pull into 
the time, which is basically causing some of the shortages of revenues that we had. 
In terms of one other event that we approved in our board meeting today we have confirmed the 
appointment of two nominee directors from Panatone Investments, which is a subsidiary of Tata 
Sons. Both of them are industry luminaries and we are very, very happy and delighted to have 
them on our board. The first person who will be joining the board is Mr. N Ganapathy 
Subramaniam who is the COO and Board Member of Tata Consultancy Services and the second 
one is Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan who is the CEO and Managing Director of Tata 
Communications Limited. Both of these gentlemen really bring top quality operational and 
firsthand experience of taking smaller companies, which are of our size and to bring into 
multibillion dollar enterprises around the world. They not only have domain knowledge in 
telecom, but they have a lot of strategic as well as hands on operational experience and we are 
very confident that with them joining our board, we will also accelerate the synergies with other 
Tata Group Companies and realize the larger vision that we have set out as a part of the 
partnership that we have with Tata Sons now. 
The next few slides, I will ask CFO, Venkatesh Gadiyar to go over it after which again I will 
come back on the sales and the overall business again. 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
Thank you Sanjay. We are on Q3 and nine months financials slide. Net revenue for the Q3 was 
Rs.107.1 Crores saw a decline of around 17.1% and the EBIT loss of Rs.48.5 Crores for the 
quarter and the PBT loss of Rs.32.9 Crores and PAT loss of Rs.24.3 Crores for the quarter and 
also EPS loss of Rs.2.13 and similarly for the nine months revenues were Rs.424.1 Crores, we 
saw a year on year revenue  growth by 35.4% and the EBIT loss of Rs.47.2 Crores and the PBT 
loss of Rs.21.2 Crores and PAT loss of Rs.13.1 Crores and EPS of negative Rs.1.29. 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Let me talk about the revenue  has declined because of some of the revenues have been deferred. 
As Sanjay explained about the component shortages and all and we have not lost any customers 
or any of the customers on that front and secondly on the gross margin front, the gross margins 
came down because of the blend of the India and international. International was lower 
percentage of the total revenue when compared to the Q2 and secondly the gross margin were 
under pressure because of the higher component cost also and these margins will be under 
pressure in the near term because we need to execute some of the existing contract and wherever 
we take the new orders, we are trying to adjust those prices wherever it is possible in the future 
contracts. Third, on the opex front more or less we have maintained our cost tight and we have 
been started increasing our investment in the R&D especially spending for new programmes and 
finally the profitability has been impacted because we had provided ECL of around Rs.13 Crores 
during this quarter provisioned higher due to some of the PSUs payments have got delayed in this 
quarter. 
The next side, the key financial indicators, there is a cash used of Rs.4 Crores in Q3 and the net 
worth was down because of the loss that we had in the current quarter. Inventory has gone up 
from Rs.226 Crores to Rs.271 Crores and basically it has increased since we could not ship the 
complete, ship it on time or complete the balance system to fulfill the customer’s orders due to 
the critical component shortages. The trade receivable in absolute terms has been reduced to 
Rs.358 Crores from Rs.414 Crores and we collected about Rs.182 Crores in Q3 and on the 
update on the BSNL the payment, collection from BSNL continue to come, but it is in slow pace. 
On the networking capital, it reduced by Rs.7 Crores, somehow improved cash flow from 
operations, which have resulted in reduction in the working capital. From the cash position, 
which was down by Rs.20 Crores in this quarter, the cash position as of December 31, 2021 was 
reduced to Rs.1175 Crores. We continue to be a debt free company and of course we have a very 
strong balance sheet of having such a strong cash in our wallet, which will help us in terms of 
executing the plans to invest in the long term growth strategy. 
With this Sanjay, I think I will hand it over to you. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you/ I am on the next slide, which is the nine month FY2022 sales update. As we have 
been reporting in the past, we look at our integrated view rather than a quarter by quarter view. If 
I look on the left hand side the pie chart is the total revenues of last financial year, broken across 
the three categories, which is India Government, India Private and International and on the right 
hand side the chart is the corresponding numbers of revenues for the same three segments for the 
current financial year. 
So out of the Rs.424 Crores of revenues for the nine months, Rs.181 Crores is coming from India 
Private, Rs.179 Crores is coming from International and Rs.64 Crores is coming from the India 
Government business out of which 9% is critical infrastructure and 6% is from the BSNL and 
BBNL and if you see the run rate business, which is India Private plus International contributed 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
to around 85% of the total for the nine months of the current financial year, which for the nine 
months of last financial year represents around 33% year on year growth. 
Within the three categories on the revenue side, India Government as I said was 22% of Q3 
revenues and on year on year basis if you take a nine month aggregate it is around 52.8% growth. 
During this quarter, we won a lot of orders in the critical infrastructure segment and we have now 
built a very healthy backlog as well as there is a lot more orders which we expect to come during 
the current quarter as well in terms of new business that we will win from this segment. 
 
On the India Private, this has been the fastest growing at least as far as we are concerned in terms 
of the backlog this year in terms of new order wins so India Private was 47% of our Q3 revenues 
representing a year on year growth of 18.2% for the nine months, but from a backlog perspective 
as I said we have a very strong order inflow from our telco customers in India and this again had 
one of the highest backlog order wins for this quarter. 
On the International side, revenue is at 31% for Q3 and year on year growth of 51.5% for the 
nine months. We again won five new customers, although smaller customers in different 
geographies. If I look at it from a total angle, the backlog as I said is around Rs.986 Crores and 
from the backlog that we have when we started this quarter, we believe around 50% of that can 
potentially be revenued in the current as well as the next quarter provided we are able to secure 
the inventories for which of course we have taken inventory action in the past, but we still need 
to make sure that all the components do arrive in time and we are able to ship them out so in that 
sense I would say the business health is good. Of course, Q3 was not so good in terms of 
revenue, but we do expect that in the coming next quarter we should be able to make up for the 
backlog that we have and the loss of revenues that we have seen so far. 
Going to the next slide, which is just a recap of the product slide. I just wanted to kind of again 
highlight that now we have a product portfolio, which is of significant size or can be of 
significant size. Majority of our current revenues of course come from wireline products, which 
is optical transmission, which is the backbone product whether it is high capacity Metro WDM or 
backhaul or long haul or even in the access network in the cities. And we also have a strong 
portfolio of broadband access product, which is fiber to the home or GPON as we call it. And, in 
addition, we have secure Ethernet switches, which go into the networks of video surveillance, 
safe city, smart cities as well as now some of the contracts we have recently won is for 
networking in the banking sector for example. 
Banks when they build networks again require a lot of Ethernet switches and in the last quarter 
we have also won some large networks of this kind as well. On the wireless product side earlier 
on we had fixed wireless for which we had a few customers internationally and we have been 
working on full mobility, which is a full-fledged gate station like you have today for any 4G 
network and we have been doing trials of that as I mentioned earlier in the BSNL network. This 
required us to build our own radios of different wattages, different bands, and different kind of 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
networking protocols, which we have successfully done. It also required us to interoperate with 
the core and interoperate with the existing equipment, which is a large quantity of equipment 
deployed as part of the entire end to end solution, which again is being proven as a part of the 
BSNL 4G POC, which has been going on. So we feel confident that with the investments that we 
have made both wireline and wireless portfolio can potentially result into a good business success 
in the times to come and we are really lining up our investments in line for that. So currently we 
have a 4G wireless, naturally with the next progression at some point in time soon we will also to 
accelerate our journey towards 5G in line with what the networks around the world are evolving 
to although 4G will still have a lot of deployments and lot of business for many years to come. 
So overall, I would say in the technology side, the investments are on. We are continuing to stay 
invested and actually increase the investments as Venkatesh and in the coming times as you will 
see we will be further accelerating our investments so that we can complete our product portfolio 
and can get larger pieces of the customers networks spend. 
Going to the last slide and I will summarize so that we can leave more time for question and 
answers. So if you really see the Q3 revenues was weak because we could not fulfill customer 
orders because of component shortages and I said we didn’t lose customers and will be making 
up in the subsequent quarters starting from Q4. And the way our business is setup is that we 
really need a minimum threshold of revenues to stay profitable because our expenses are mostly 
manpower, which is almost fixed so as our revenues will pickup, which we expect them to, our 
profitability should return as well and from a business momentum, new customer wins both in 
India and internationally we have been doing quite well and as a result as I mentioned our order 
book has increased quite significantly. 
We continue to take action to address the semiconductor shortages, but despite our best efforts, 
we did have some not so positive surprises last quarter when some of the components which we 
were planning to pull in did not come in time so we do see that volatility may stay for some time, 
but from our side we are taking everything that we can to secure more component in time to be 
able to have more consistent revenue predictability. 
In terms of our board after the investment of Tata Sons appointment of N G Subramaniam from 
TCS and Amur Lakshminarayanan from TCL has been a fantastic thing for us and we really look 
forward to their guidance as well as their coordination and synergies across the Tata Group 
company as we take the company from where we are to where we would like it to be and from a 
cash position perspective we have a fairly strong balance sheet and we are working on plans to 
invest for long-term growth both organically and inorganically and as we make more progress on 
those initiatives we would be sharing those ideas with you, but overall we are definitely not so 
excited about what has happened in Q3, but it was a thing that was not so much in our control, 
but at the same time the business momentum is good and from a team and the board and 
everybody in the company we are very confident that the way things are panning out we should 
be able to regain our revenue and the business momentum not just for the near term, but also for 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
the long term. This is really where I would pause and I would then open it up for questions 
between myself, Venkatesh, Arnob and Kumar, we will be happy to answer any questions that 
people have. So open the floor for questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is 
from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Just wanted to understand the discussions, which we had last quarter in Q2 the commentary was 
that you have taken inventory actions, which should help kind of tide over the shortage for Q3 
and Q4? What is disrupting the flow for you despite the orders already in play and what was the 
revenue impact, which you had because of this inventory shortage and finally now that you are 
part of Tata Group do you think there can be some support, which you can kind of lean on to 
kind of move yourself up from a supplier self context suite? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thanks Mukal. First of all good question that we had orders in hand and to be honest we 
ourselves expecting a lot more revenues for the quarter, but the way it worked out for us and just 
to put things in perspective in any of our products we are more than 1000 components of 
different kinds that go in and even if I were to take classic components, it will be around 150 or 
so. What happens is even if we are able to secure 95% or 98% of those components if there is 
even two or three suppliers who decommit or are not able to provide the quantity that they are 
committed to provide earlier, it can have a cascading affect in almost all the shipments or 
significantly large amounts of shipments that we had so really when we gave the Q2 commentary 
we had placed orders. We had assurances I will not say it is commitment because right now the 
way the global supply chain works is everybody is saying okay, I will try my best to make it 
happen, but in that sense we had assurances and since we had placed orders well in time, we were 
confident that we should be able to pull in. But a few critical supplies, I will not say that we were 
able to pull in a lot of material and that is why actually our inventory went up, but unfortunately 
since the balancing inventory could not be completed, we basically had a shortfall in revenues 
and that is why when I said that it could not happen at the quarter boundary, but as we progressed 
in this quarter we should be able to see better pull in of the material. That is what really 
happened. The second part which you mentioned is actually right. As a Tata Group, there are a 
lot more of semiconductor buying that happens across Tata Motors and many other group 
companies and in fact one of the things, which is mentioned about synergies is that the buying 
power that we have now available to us collectively is much more than what Tejas was able to do 
on its own. And one of things we realized in Q3 is that when push comes to shove some of the 
suppliers possibly did not prioritize us as high as they prioritized some of their larger customers 
so as a result of that we came at the wrong end of the stick, but we do believe that with the 
synergies of the group, which we absolutely have started to explore and we will continue to do 
much more aggressively in the next few weeks. We should hopefully get a better outcome, but 
that is something that as I said we will be working on and even having the two directors from the 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Tata side on our board also allows us to work much more closely and be able to achieve exactly 
the kind of things that you mentioned. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sure and another probably a correlated question to this is you mentioned that there is definite 
right now lack of visibility for the rest of 2022 do you think we have any options to do some 
work around or some other equipments, which exclude these critical equipment to tide in over the 
near term shortage given that right the rest of the supply and inventory is there, which you can 
utilize while this thing gets sorted? Anything right now, which you can kind of do for the near 
term? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
First of all let me also clarify that when I said that the supply chain constraints will continue 
during the rest of 2022, it does not mean that we are not able to get suppliers or there will be a lot 
of decommit. I just felt that given the demand supply gap there could be sometimes negative 
surprises if I were to put it more specifically so what we are doing is, I must say in a way 
overcompensating in terms of the planning so because that is the only way we can be assured. As 
far as the second point which you mentioned is if there are some critical suppliers where we have 
a very high degree of risk for instance as you said is there a way to work around that. The way to 
think of and it goes on with the conversation that I just had a few minutes back, which is the class 
A components, which are let us say higher cost and higher complexity components, which are 
very difficult to design out and replace in a board or in a card over a short period of time. 
However class B and C components definitely there is an opportunity to have like to like 
replacements instead of components from vendor A to  vendor B, which is exactly what we 
already do, but we can do that much more aggressively in terms of planning and one of the things 
by the way I did not specifically mention that even class B and C components some of these 
things which are generic components have also started to have a lead time increase as we saw in 
Q3 and may even continue in this year. So I would just say that the whole situation on the 
component side is volatile it just means that 100% predictability if you just plan for that is not 
going to be there. So either we over plan or we have alternative plan in terms of class B and C 
components or if there is a class A component, which we really see a serious risk or the supplier 
does not give us a very good amount of confidence we may have to take aggressive actions to do 
some R&D in a short period of time and find some alternate. But those are all things, which we 
are looking at. The last part I also want to mention is that we also have inventory, which is in our 
hands so in that sense as long as we can balance the remaining inventory the problem in that 
sense is limited to the level that we have shortages for those things. So all in all I would say that 
this is a situation that we just have to carefully navigate and probably one specific thing, which 
could help is using a larger muscle to work with the component suppliers. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sure, but one clarification? Your order book continues to increase quite healthily do you think 
there are any clauses in any of these either in a public sector or private orders, which can lead to 
some liability in case of non delivery due to component shortage? 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So far nothing and I would not take the risk to say that we will not have that for the next six 
months to one year. As of now nothing has happened.  No orders have been cancelled, but again 
from our point of view the good news is that most customers understand the current situation so it 
is not just us but that it is probably across the industry. But there is a much larger appreciation of 
the problem; however, as you rightly said if there is a PSU customer or a customer where there is 
a hard constraint in terms of timeline and deliveries, we definitely look at that as a priority and 
make sure that liquidated damages or cancellation risk does not come up on us. So far we have 
been able to manage it fine. We track all of such situations very closely and as I said it is 
something that we did not have a very good situation in Q3, but a lot of stuff should come back 
as we go forward and we should be able to manage the situation effectively. So I would say at the 
macro level I do not see that as any significant risk at the current point in time based on what 
orders we have. One other thing is the larger order book was also a function because customers 
are also now realizing that placing last minute order does not serve them any benefits so we have 
been motivating them to give us more visibility, which has to be better planning, gets them better 
visibility so all in all I think there is a deeper working relationship as we saw in the case of India 
Private where we saw significant uptick in orders because the customers are appreciating the fact 
that we have to work in a partnership mode to really secure the inventory and it is not just a Tejas 
only problem but a larger industry problem. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood. Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Kshatriya from Edelweiss Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is regarding the investments what we talked about 
in R&D. If I look at the gross employee cost of the company, it is around Rs.60 Crores to Rs.63 
Crores will be per quarter, which is around Rs.210 odd Crores for the year, which is not very 
different what we saw last year which was around Rs.183 odd Crores so can you quantify how 
much higher investment is actually going in this and if you can give some color on number of 
employees added to the R&D or something like that that will be useful and in that context unit if 
you can also highlight what are the areas in which would you be investing more optical products? 
Of course Tejas is very strong but any specific products with respect to the wireless where you 
see more opportunities? That is my question. Thank you. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Sure. I would say the numbers part, I will ask Venkatesh to exactly highlight how much more we 
are doing, but we have to think about that we really just had one quarter, which is October, 
November, and December in terms of uptick and in terms of increasing the PAT on the R&D 
investments. So on an annualized basis and when we look further that will increase and many of 
our R&D expenses also some of it goes into capital work-in-progress. Some of it gets capitalized 
so in that sense the kitty for R&D, which we look and the R&D expenses in this case is just not 
the manpower, but a lot of prototypes. Just to give you an example if you look at the POC that we 
are doing for BSNL right now, it is actually a full-fledged network of 4G in two cities in Punjab, 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
which is a lot of base stations. We have actually invested into a lot of prototypes and inventories 
as well which again I would say counts into the R&D investments so in that sense I would say the 
R&D investments are definitely increasing. We have had had net advances I do not have the 
exact number offhand, but the second thing I wanted to mentioned, so that is one part that the rate 
of investment has picked up in Q3 and it will continue to happen in Q4 and the whole game plan 
is that part of the relationship that we have with Tata’s was that we have to take a step back to 
run 10 steps forward so one of the first things we have to do is we have to create really a very 
strong portfolio of products, which is expanding from just wireline to wireless and even within 
both wireline to wireless we really have to come to what I would call state-of-the-art in terms of 
everything that we do because that is what we have to compete against so that is step one. The 
step two was also to build a global channel because once we are able to build this product of 
course we got to find a way to sell not just in India but also internationally. And as you can see in 
India some of the very large projects are now becoming accessible to us because of larger 
partnerships, which otherwise were not. That is the second part. Now the third part is which area 
we will be investing. So first in optical and wireline I would say the investments will be 
incremental because we have invested in these areas over so many years. On the wireless side is 
where I would say we would see a significantly larger jump in investments for two reasons. One 
is for the 4G solution itself. We are really I would say trying to step up and and build a 4G 
system, which is as good as anybody else in the world has produced and to be able to do that it 
requires a lot of resources both in hardware and software, which we have started to step up. And 
the proof of concept that we are doing with BSNL is a good example in that in a very short period 
of time we have been able to step up to the plate and deliver. Coming back to the areas where we 
will be investing so clearly in terms of larger scale investments, wireless will be one area both in 
4G as well as in 5G because if you are going to be in wireless you just have to not do what is 
current or start-of-the-art, which is 4G, but a lot of networks inside are getting built out. And this 
not a one year billing cycle but a five year billing cycle. It will probably go for on the next five 
years. So in the next 12 to 18 months if we are able to catch all the actions in terms of the big 
markets and big opportunities that we have and there are many different application used cases of 
5G so we do believe that in the wireless side both for 4G and 5G we would be stepping up the 
investments in the times to come and part of what I mentioned as a last bullet in my summary 
slide was that we are working on some very active plans, lot of things are in works and as soon as 
we start putting them into concrete shape we will definitely be sharing with all the investors as 
well. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Sanjay a small followup on that if I look at the employee cost which is R&D all said and done a 
lot of investment at least the combination will happen and hence the employee cost will increase? 
How should we see this for let us say FY2023 or FY2024 considering that that will go up 
significantly and I guess because we see as telecom tend to be a long cycle sales and that is why 
it is typical what we have seen historically is the revenue coming up it takes time so would it be 
fair to say that revenue for this would be like two years out compared to the investment what you 
are going to make? 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Not really, I will say that because some of the wireless investments that we are making or have 
been making proactively could potentially result into significant revenues as early as next 
financial year and of course going forward as well. So the way we are balancing the investments 
and I would say in terms of the larger investments for the next financial year and the year after I 
would say that we would come out with that plan in terms of sharing the larger investment plan 
and the payback plan I would say sometime later this quarter or sometime this quarter I would 
say. As far as the current outlook is concerned, we are mindful of the fact that there are large 
revenue opportunities which could occur in the next financial year itself, that’s number one. 
Number two the backlog that we have built in for optical and we expect that even in Q4 we see a 
reasonably healthy order inflow so we would be starting next financial year with a pretty good 
order book if I would to say so the combination of what time it will take for us to ramp up the 
R&D investments along with how much revenue potential could be available next fiscal year 
itself because some of the larger projects we are working on could be ready for revenue for a 
material part next financial year itself and then of course you are right that some of the 
investments on 5G that we will make for instance over the next 12 to 18 months they will result 
in our revenues may be next financial year or two years after. So we are kind of timing all our 
investments accordingly. Naturally there is a little bit of visibility that will get more clear as this 
quarter progresses, but hopefully by the end of this quarter when we look at the order book as 
well as the investment profile we should have a much better clarity and we are trying to make 
sure that both short and long term objectives are reasonably balanced based on the situation that 
we have today. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Sure Sanjay. Thank you so much for the detailed answers and wish you all the very best for your 
future Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Dhanuka from Development 
Consultants Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Dhanuka: 
Last concall Mr Sanjay you had talked about sharing some long term plans after open offer got 
over so that never materialized? Can you throw some light as to when that will happen? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Good question. I was hoping someone would ask because that was something we had planned to 
do. I would say that lot of work-in-progress. A lot of progress we have made. We are not yet at a 
point where everything is put together that we can share, but as I said some time during this 
quarter we do expect to do that. A part of two directors from Tata joining us both today was also 
to make sure that all of those plans should kind of get crystallized at the board level so between 
the board, the management and the entire company we are all aligned so as we have taken the 
first steps today in terms of inducting our two board members from the Tata side we have been 
working and we will continue to accelerate all the work we have been doing so that the long term 
strategic plan could be shared with the larger group as and when we are able to complete it. So I 
would say yes it was something that we had planned to do last quarter for a variety of reasons it 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
could not be completed and we do hope that in this quarter we should be able to complete that 
and share with you. 
Kaushik Dhanuka: 
Can you throw some light on the PLI scheme as to how you are intending to go about it? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Our PLI scheme application was approved. We had a specific commitment which we had made 
for capital investments for the current financial year. We believe we are on track that we will 
cross that threshold and once we cross that threshold the incremental revenues that we will get for 
this financial year based on the base year revenues  of FY2019–FY2020. I think we should be 
able to get 6% of that as the PLI incentives so we do believe that we should be able to avail the 
PLI incentive in this year because we will meet the criteria of the minimum capital investment 
and the incremental revenues as well so yes based on how strong the Q4 is, the quantum of PLI 
potentially would be determined, but that is around 6% for the first year and covers all our 
products by the way. 
Kaushik Dhanuka: 
Sanjay if I remember correctly last concall you had mentioned that your business model is such 
that with very minimal investments you can have a turnover of thousands of Crores of rupees as 
far as this PLI is concerned so is my understanding correct? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
That is correct because what PLI requires is capital investments and our business model is asset 
light model so to our capital investments will always be not in proportion to the revenues because 
as a product company we outsource all our manufacturing to say EMS companies. We of course 
have our own factory for what we do the portion of the manufacturing that we do in house. The 
PLI also covers capital investment in the form of prototypes or some of the other capital items 
that we incur on our books. So why I mentioned that is asset light model as long as we meet the 
capital investment threshold that we have committed on the PLI scheme even if our revenues 
were significantly higher we should be able to get the PLI incentives out of it so that was exactly 
the reason. If we are able to get for example a largish revenue next financial year based on some 
of the things that we are working on, there is a good degree of possibility that we should be able 
to claim the incentive on all the incremental sales there because of the low base that we had in 
FY2019 – FY2020. 
Kaushik Dhanuka: 
I believe the addressable market for your product is somewhere around $150 billion is that 
correct? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Let me clarify it so that I do not want to paint a very big number but the way to think of the entire 
telecom equipment industry, which is the carrier equipment industry, it is close to about $100 
billion, but if you take that about 30% of that will be China which we do not address at all then 
there would be a lot of markets where incumbents which are not really open to us because A) we 
will not be in those markets and B) in those markets there could be customers who have long 
term contracts with some of the suppliers to the RFP cycle in which we can potentially participate 
would be different. So as a result although the addressable market with wireline, wireless and on 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
some of the other stuff is doing very, very large. From our point of view the real addressable 
market is probably lower may be around 15% to 20% of the total. That I am assuming with the 
Tata’s coming on board and we getting access to larger customers in different geographies and 
with our product expansion that I mentioned in the form of wireless products both for 4G and 
going forward in 5G. We will have a much larger addressable portfolio so to me it is a question 
for us is that the market opportunity is very large. Other than China there is a need for an 
“independent stake of trusted telecom products,” which we believe we should be able to step up 
and sell like we are doing in India and potentially in other markets. It will take a little bit of time 
may be a year or two for us to get our acts together in terms of getting the products right, getting 
the market access right and that is where we are going to be investing and if we are able to get 
that done then really would start to see the benefits of the large addressable market that is 
available for our kind of companies and that is really the direction in which we would like the 
company to take. Of course, we will have near term challenges. We will always have a short term 
quarterly issue sometimes, which will not to be to our liking, but we are definitely not weaning 
away from our long term vision and this is why what we did with Tata’s and their own interest in 
this whole business extends from. 
Kaushik Dhanuka: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samir Rachh from Nippon India Asset 
Management Company Limited. Please go ahead. 
Samir Rachh: 
Good evening Sir. Two questions. One would you book any PLI revenue in the next quarter and 
if yes what could be the quantum? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Can you please repeat? 
Samir Rachh: 
I just wanted to understand what kind of PLI incentives you would be booking in the current 
financial year that is in the next two quarters that is question number one? Secondly just wanted 
to understand what is the order pipeline and like this quarter you got orders of around Rs.258 
Crores? Is the future order pipeline significantly large enough and can this order booking be 
scaled meaningfully in the next quarter? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
The first question how much PLI incentive we expect to get in Q4. We do a little bit of a 
conservative accounting in our company that any government incentive we only record it in our 
books after we physically receive the cash so depending on after we close Q4 we will of course 
get to apply to the government for the payout of PLI. They have a mechanism that they can pay 
85% of the PLI incentive on unaudited financial basis subject to approvals so by the April board 
meeting or April results announcement we are able to physically get the cash then we will 
account it into our Q4 results. But as I said it will be for the first year it is 6% of the incremental 
revenue and I think our base year revenue was Rs.380 Crores so for any revenue on north of 
Rs.380 Crores that we do in this financial year would qualify for around 6% on the PLI incentive 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
so that is part one. Your second question was the order book. As I said the order book for Q3 was 
Rs.311 Crores and the best performing in terms of new order inflow for this quarter was India 
Private followed by International and then India Government. For Q4, we do feel that there are a 
lot of tenders, which we have either won or are in the process of winning, which tenders from the 
critical infrastructure segment like power and rail and others and they will contribute reasonably 
healthy assuming those orders come into execution state. So they will become a good pipeline for 
next financial year and as I mentioned earlier that out of the order book that we have Rs.986 
Crores today if we are able to secure inventory around 50% which is orders in hand we should be 
able to revenue between Q4 and Q1 so in that sense we have good visibility of execution. We 
have a reasonably decent visibility of new order inflow. Clearly the only challenge we are facing, 
we have placed the orders on component supplies and we just need to make sure that we are able 
to pull in the inventory in time and send it out for revenues because in fact I must tell you that we 
are also in a situation that if we can complete some of these orders quickly there is potential 
repeat business, which is waiting from the customers that we have run rate contract with. So in 
that sense we have as much a motivation to pull in more inventory and do the revenues faster, but 
I mean we are where we are because of some of the challenges in the overall supply situation of 
components. 
Samir Rachh: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naveen Bothra from Subh Labh Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Naveen Bothra: 
Good evening Sir. Thank you very much for the opportunity and congratulations for the new 
boarding practice, new managers as you said from the Tata Group and also congratulations for 
the all time high order book, which we think should bode well in the coming periods. Sir my first 
question is regarding the PLI scheme taken from the last question? In Tejas Network we have 
committed for Rs.111 Crores investment under PLI scheme in the next four years and in 
Akashastha, which is 100% subsidiary of Panatone Finvest in US has committed for Rs.593 
Crores investment in the PLI scheme and they have also been approved so I would like you to 
kindly throw more light on the synergies and all these things? How do you see the relationship 
with Akashastha being a new company created just before the Tata’s association with Tejas so if 
you can throw more light on this, it will be quite useful for all the investors Sir? Thank you. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Of course, I cannot speak for Akashastha because it is a separate company and you should really 
talk to the Akashastha and Tata people about it. As far as Tejas is concerned you are absolutely 
right Rs.111 Crores is the commitment we had made over four years so the first year commitment 
comes to around Rs.23 Crores or something that we said and that is why I had mentioned that is 
the threshold we expect to cross this year. In line with the question that I had answered earlier for 
I think two questions back the good news for us is that as long as we meet the threshold 
commitment this year even if our revenues are much higher we can take full advantage of the PLI 
so to me the way to look at PLI from our side even purely from a Tejas side so as long as we are 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
able to make the annual capital commitment it really boils down to how much more revenues can 
we generate. If we are able to generate a good business and good revenues, which is what I think 
partly for example our current order book is showing and we hope that by the end of this quarter 
if some of the larger projects that we are working on do fructify to the next stage, we should be 
having a much better revenue visibility for the next year, but nonetheless even without that we do 
see that if we are able to get our handle on the supply chain situation, we do see a good business 
pipeline scaling up. I also talked about the synergies with the Tata Group companies. One 
particular example is in India where TCS is front ending the large BSNL project, but our 
endeavour and efforts are on to leverage other geographies internationally where our wireline as 
well with products which are ready today and our shipping could be potentially sold as a part of 
larger solutions so some of those things are work in progress. We do not have anything concrete 
to report at this stage, but definitely that is a direction in which we are moving so that we find a 
way to sell a lot more of the current products in different geographies and at the same time 
continue to invest into new products, which expands the market available to us. India is a large 
market to begin with and then kind of expand the same thing into other international territories as 
we would have done for the optical so I would say just the broad strategy. And from a PLI angle 
we seemed to be good on our own in terms of our self sufficiency. One other thing I would like to 
highlight also that the PLI scheme for telecom that the government had announced a Rs.11000 
Crores outlay out of which the approvals have been done only for Rs.7000 Crores so there is still 
about Rs.4000 Crores of PLI incentives, which is “yet unclaimed” as of now based on the 
investment proposals that people have given so we do believe that if we are able to over the next 
two to three years get the business momentum and acceleration that we expect to get we should 
be able to benefit from that scheme in a more substantial way than currently in the size. 
Naveen Bothra: 
We look for more clarity about Akashastha all these things because that is five times more than 
our investment commitment so as you said that during this quarter it might be possible to have a 
special concall for the vision and all the future plans so we look forward to Akashastha issue and 
all these things in that call and thank you and the second question is regarding the semiconductor 
PLI scheme. Are we planning or are we thinking about those areas along with the Tata or we will 
be if any discussion is there with the Tata’s that we will be going for rewarding this carrier as the 
Tejas Network? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I would say it is a bit early to specifically comment on that because a lot of the details of that 
scheme in terms of operationalizing are yet to be out, but one thing is there that the broader and 
which is related to the comment I mentioned earlier that we do believe that the Government of 
India’s intent and support for domestic manufacturing is continuing to grow. So if you really see 
the PLI scheme for the semiconductor components, it has two elements. The semiconductor 
component and there is a design element as well for tablet or system design so we basically do a 
lot of design. So the broader intent of the government is that not only do they want manufacturing 
within the country for electronics and telecom, but they also want high value addition 
domestically, which is lot more design content and we do address that part of the equation quite 
well because really we have high value engineering for all the designs are done in the country 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
and all the IPR is created by us, so that is the direction in which we are going. Again as I said 
over a period of time, there will be more synergies that would be derived with other group 
companies and the clarity on which we do not have at this stage, but it is something that we 
would definitely would like to explore going forward so in that sense once the details of the 
semiconductors and the design related scheme come in, we would definitely be trying to see if 
there is a merit for us to look into those as well. 
Naveen Bothra: 
Thank you Sir. I look forward to the special concall, which you plan to hold during this quarter or 
may be next quarter. Thank you very much. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Sheth from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Tejas Sheth: 
On this execution of the order side is there also any loss of the orders, which would have come 
because of the slow execution, which you are doing? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
No. We have not lost any orders in that sense and in fact even if you see our financials there are 
no liquidated damages or anything of that kind either. In one sense yes as I mentioned right at the 
upfront that whatever business we could not execute in Q3, we expect to execute in this quarter 
and going forward. The other point is on the positive side. If we are able to execute the orders in 
hand at a much faster rate because we have runrate contracts with many of our customers and 
they need a lot of equipment of the kind that we have, we can potentially get more business. It is 
more like a positive incentive we have if we are able to close out different orders quickly, which 
is what we would love to do, but our constraint from the supply side. 
Tejas Sheth: 
No. What I mean would our order book be more than let us say Rs.1500 Crores, it would have 
been more than Rs.1500 Crores if we had executed it in the past two quarters? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I would say that is a difficult one to predict because it is a hypothetical situation, but all I can say 
is that the order book continues to be good and we need to execute well because if we do not 
execute well of course customers are going to be unhappy with us. First port of call is to make 
sure that the orders that we have in hand gets executed quickly. We will keep a close 
communication with our customers to make sure that if we are missing something they 
understand why and what we are doing. We try to by the way manage the situation so that typical 
requirement in each of the customers are satisfied, but this is exactly what is happening across the 
chain. Our suppliers are also having a limited number of components and they try to round robin 
in between us and others and many more and sometimes we get what we need and sometimes we 
are not getting what we need. I hope again as I said that as the year progresses the supply 
situation should ease because there has been an announcement that up to 30% increase in 
semiconductor capacity is being planned in the current fiscal and the custom investments were 
committed last year by chip manufactures. They will take some time. There was a lot of double 
booking and double ordering that people had done for components because of the shortage, 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
which should again hopefully play out, but all said and done, I would say we are taking a very 
cautious approach because our Q3 was a bit of a surprise for us. We had expected much better, 
but the things did not happen, it is negative. I would say we are keeping a close watch on the 
customers making sure that the order book continues to stay healthy and we do not lose 
customers because of lack of supplies. 
Tejas Sheth: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anup Lal from Dalmia Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Anup Lal: 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity. My first question relates to the stress in gross margins so 
could we spot and do you think that the stress will continue and the second question is there is a 
sudden steep price in providence for credit loss so could you explain on it? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Let me explain the first one and then the second one the ECL thing Venkatesh can explain. On 
the first one by the way while we had a drop in gross margin in this quarter part of it is because 
usually we have a much healthier blend of international shipments compared to domestic where 
the margins are better so that would have naturally popped the margins up. Secondly in this 
particular quarter, we did have to take spot action for buying and some of the suppliers also 
increased the prices and these were contracts of the past so we cannot go and dishonor the price 
that we had committed so it was like a double whammy that hit us. There will be margin 
pressure. Some of it as Venkatesh mentioned earlier we are passing it to our customers in the 
form of whenever we are bidding into new contracts or renewing a new rate contract and many of 
the cases we have successfully been able to increase the prices, but that will take effect in future 
so when I say margins pressure will be there because it is an interplay between India and 
international revenue mix. It is interplay between older contracts, which we have to honor at the 
old price and the newer contracts that we are signing and the fact that suppliers have increased 
costs. That is an industry wise phenomenon if you see any company they are unfortunately being 
forced to pass those price increases to the customers, so how all of these three interplays over the 
next one or two quarters is a little bit dynamic. Of course things will always be better than what 
we saw in Q3 but precisely to say that we will return to the profitable gross margin levels of what 
is a steady state of around 39% to 40% I think will take a couple of quarters so it’s a wait and 
watch. The second question about provision higher for the estimated credit loss ECL may be 
Venkatesh can just throw a little bit of light on that. 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
On the ECL front as I mentioned on the collection front I said we did very well in terms of the 
collection. We collected about Rs.182 Crores and I mentioned about some of the collections had 
continue to come, but it was coming at a very low pace and what happens is every quarter the 
receivables get pushed out to the next bucket  of aging based upon that we had to make the 
provision. That is the reason we had to take this hit of about Rs.13 Crores of higher ECL right in 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
this quarter. That is particularly due to some of the PSU payments, which has got pretty delayed, 
which particularly significant portion of the thing is on account of the BSNL  receivable. 
Anup Lal: 
Thanks Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Thanks for taking my question. Basically I would like to understand what is scope of the BSNL 
solely tenders basically in terms of if this order is to materialize what is the revenue opportunity 
for us and what is the timeline we should look for this order? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
First of all, let me outline the steps on that. Number one is that the proof of concept, which is 
going on has to complete. At this point in time, there is only one indigenous stack, which is 
completing the proof of concept. None of the other stacks came up to the level that we have 
today. That activity should get completed over the next few weeks. It has been going on for about 
four months plus, but lot of testing and lot of things have happened, but formally it has to close 
and that is part one. After that commercial process will start. The intent of BSNL is to rollout this 
network in the next financial year and may be it may spill over materially to the following 
financial year as well. In terms of the price of the thing, I would not want to point out a number, 
but anywhere between 57000 sites to 100,000 sites is what they want to cover. And that if we are 
able to find, there is a lot of ifs before that of course, but if all of that happens it could mean a 
few thousand Crores of revenue for us. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Right and basically there was some new articles about November it is mentioned that TCS had 
violated some of the services so has that issues all been sorted out or basically what is the stage 
on that? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I would say that as far as we are concerned that the whole thing because there is a lot of stuff that 
comes out in the newspapers and it is not fair for us to comment on that. We have been working 
with the customer. We have been following the process to the T, whatever hardware, whatever 
capacity of equipment, radios, watts, different bands, different kinds of software features, 
capacity capabilities, whatever has been asked by the customer we have been patiently 
demonstrating and delivering and completing the test checklist. So that process is on. It would 
not be fair for me to comment on the exact status of it because it is really a prerogative of the 
customer, but all I can say is that we believe that we have the technological strength and 
capabilities to deliver. We have done it in the past and never let any customer down so we feel 
that as the process goes on further things should fall in place but again there are a lot of things 
which have to be concluded by the customer and as the customer is very prerogative to finally 
take the call but from our side, we have been able to step up to the plate and deliver on many 
other things which sometimes get what should I say of forward it for whatever reasons let me put 
it this way. 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Sunny Gosar: 
If I could just squeeze in one last question basically we saw almost 10% points drop in gross 
margins in Q3 versus Q2 so one of the reason highlighted is obviously the lower mix of export 
business but if you can basically give some color in terms assuming the business mix formulizes 
over the next few quarters do we get back to this 45% to 50% gross margins raise or there is a 
pressure of input cost still continue to weigh on our gross margins for the few coming quarters? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
As I said there are two reasons. One is the International India mix and of course there is also a 
subset within that product mix and then the third thing there is a cost increase by the suppliers as 
I mentioned earlier, which also has put some pressure. The question is how much of that we are 
able to pass to our customers. In the new contract, we are able to pass it. In the older contract we 
have to honor what we have so I would still say that next couple of quarters if were to be cautious 
there will be certain amount of margin pressure. If we do better than that we will see, but it is just 
the situation because our leverage with the suppliers at this stage in terms of cost reduction and 
all that, which we normally get is a little bit less because right now the focus is more on 
deliveries. They have options to supply to people who are willing to pay premium and who are 
willing to pay expedite fees, and who are willing to pay whatever other charges beyond the 
normal pricing so for us it is first to secure the order, keep the customers happy, if we have to 
sacrifice a small amount of margin in the interim so be it. But this as I said all of these things are 
likely to settle down in a couple of quarters and then if we are able to hold the prices with the 
customers then we should be okay to stabilize on the margins. I do not see any fundamental 
reason that over the medium term we will not get back to the margins that we had in the past, but 
in the next couple of quarters it is a little bit difficult to predict. So it will be safer to say that 
there will be margin pressure but how much we are able to manage is something that we will 
actually see. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Great. Thanks for the detailed answers and good luck for the coming quarters. Look forward to 
hearing from you on the long term strategy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thanks everybody. I really appreciate the questions, which pretty much touched on all the aspects 
of our business. In summary, I would say that the business momentum is good, order inflow is 
good, Q3 definitely was not something that we expected in terms of revenues and margins, but as 
things go by we should be able to recover and build up the momentum. That is more on the 
current business side. The strategic investments from Tata’s and the board of directors that we 
have now got from Tata side will help us synergize better and help us think much bigger, help us 
execute much bigger because these are guys who have built really global scale businesses and 
working closely with them would be very exciting for us and we are really doing all of this to 
make sure that in the medium to long term we create a sustainable engine for a very high growth 
and that is something that we are really working on closely and we are confident that with the 
cash in hand and with the business momentum we should be able to tide the short term challenges 
of supply chain and so on. But at the same time be able to expand our product portfolio, build a 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
better sales engine and build partnerships in a strategic way work within the group and outside to 
be able to really realize the vision of accelerating and creating a top tier global telecom 
equipment company on an end to end basis from India. That is something we are excited about 
and we will all be working as best as we can to manage the situation, some of it is not in our 
control, but as time goes by hopefully things will start getting more predictable from the point of 
view of revenues and profitability. So thank you again and stay safe and we will again talk to you 
during the quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
