GHCL Limited 
January 31, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Sandra - Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Code: GHCL 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
J:JTer- ~~-~ft 
(; 
• • 
.:> 
' 
fcisltt:r ~ 
~ ol9t 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Code: 500171 
Subject: Filing of Transcript regarding Investors' conference held on January 
27, 2022 
In continuation to our earlier communication dated January 24, 2022 and January 27, 
2022 regarding Investors' conference on January 27, 2022 and pursuant to 
requirement of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are pleased to attach copy of the transcript 
regarding said Investors' conference held with the management on January 27, 2022 
for your reference and record. 
Please note that copy of this intimation is also available on the website of SSE Limited 
(www. bseindia.com/comorates), 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Limited 
(www.nseindia. com/corporates) and website of the Company (www.ghcl.co.in ). 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking you 
Yours truly 
For GHCL Limited 
t~-
Bhuwneshwar Mishra 
Sr. GM-Sustainability & Company Secretary 
B- 38, GHCL House, Institutional Area, Sector- 1, Noida, (U.P.) - 201301, India. Ph. : +91-120-2535335, 4939900, Fax : +91-120-2535209 
CIN : L24100GJ1983 PLC006513, E-mail : ghclinfo@ghcl.co.in ,Website: www.ghcl.co.in 
Regd. Office : GHCL House, Opp. Punjabi Hall, Near Navrangpura Bus Stand, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 380009, India 

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“GHCL Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ROHIT NAGRAJ – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. R S JALAN - MANAGING DIRECTOR – GHCL 
LIMITED  
MR. RAMAN CHOPRA, CFO AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR - FINANCE – GHCL LIMITED 
MR. MANU JAIN - FINANCE – GHCL LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK CHATURVEDI - FINANCE – 
GHCL LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GHCL Limited Q3 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
at the end of today’s presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rohit 
Nagraj from Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks. Good evening everyone and I hope everyone is in good health. I would like to 
welcome the management team of GHCL and thank them for this opportunity. We have with 
us today, the Senior Management Team of GHCL represented by Mr. R S Jalan, Managing 
Director and Mr. Raman Chopra, CFO and Executive Director - Finance along with the 
finance team. I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. 
Over to you, Sir! 
R S Jalan: 
Thank you everyone and warm welcome to the GHCL earnings call for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2021. Our CFO, Raman along with Manu and Abhishek from the finance team 
accompany me today. Our results and analyst presentation has been uploaded on the stock 
exchange and company's website. Concerns related to COVID-19 pandemic are not yet over 
and we would keep our guard up; however, the massive vaccination program in India has 
been effective against the pandemic and the impact of Omicron virus is expected to be lower 
than the previous virus. Economy has revived and we expect this positive development to 
continue going forward. Globally, soda ash trend is strong, demand has bounced back 
strongly and prices are firm. Supply has been constrained due to increase in the input cost 
and supply chain challenges. 
 
China has now become a net importer of soda ash. In the Indian market, overall demand 
scenario has improved. Demand for flat glass, container glass and solar glass is strong. 
Detergent segment was slightly sluggish, which is now recovering. Supply was impacted as 
import into India has reduced drastically. As a result of this demand supply situation and the 
higher input cost, soda ash prices have gone up. We have been able to achieve higher 
realization and better margins. We expect the positive trend to continue through 2022. In the 
spinning business, demand for yarn remains strong, supported particularly by the garment 
segment. As a result, spinning mills are able to pass the highest cotton prices with healthy 
yarn spread. We have also benefited by our focus on customers product market expansion 
and value added products. 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
On December 6, 2021, we have announced the sale of home textile business on a slump sale 
basis. This process is on track and we expect the transaction to complete on or before April 
1, 2022. Post completion, we will be able to reallocate this capital to our core business with 
higher return profile. Our earlier scheme of the de-merger has been withdrawn with the 
decision of the sale of homes textile business. We have filed fresh scheme of demerger for 
chemical and spinning business. We expect this new scheme to be completed by around 
September 2022. We are committed to sustainable growth for our core businesses, chemical 
and textiles. In the chemical business, key drivers will be Greenfield expansion of soda ash 
capacity by 0.5 million tonne, a new bulk chemical at our Greenfield location. In specialty 
chemical to double, the sodium bicarbonate capacity to 120000 metric tonnes by September 
2022 and debottlenecking through plant balancing, we are also focused on augmenting 
backward capabilities and digital journeys through AI and ROT. The spinning business, we 
are adding 40000 new spindle by June 2022, which will increase the volume by 20%. We 
plan to further add another 20% volume growth in the near future. We are also adding solar 
energy of 10 megawatts now and another 12 megawatts in the near future. With our existing 
wind energy of 25 megawatts, our total green energy footprint will hence enhance to 47 
megawatts. This will lead to the cost competitiveness and better margin. Overall, we are well 
poised to capitalize various emerging opportunities across our businesses. I would now 
request Raman to share the quarterly financial performance. 
Raman Chopra: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Good evening everyone and a very warm welcome to all of you 
in our Q3 earning call for FY2022. I will share the financial highlights and segmental 
performance for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. The results of the home textile 
business have been disclosed as profit from the discontinuing business according to the 
figures for all the prior periods have also been reclassified and disclosed separately. So, 
revenue for the Q3 FY2021 from the continuing business came in at 1006 Crores as compared 
to 709 Crores in the corresponding quarter of last year. This is a growth of 42% on year-on-
year basis. On a sequential basis, the revenue increased by 25% from 805 Crores in Q2 
FY2022. EBITDA for the quarter stood at 251 Crores, which is a significant increase of 38% 
from 183 Crores in Q3 FY2021 and by 47% from 171 Crores in Q2 FY2022. 
 
This represents an EBITDA margin of 24.9% for the current quarter as compared to 25.6% 
in Q3 FY2021 and 21.2% in Q2 FY2022. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at 163 Crores 
inclusive of discontinued business of Rs.10 Crores compared to 111 Crores in Q3 FY2021 
and 109 Crores in Q2 FY2022 and this represents a jump of almost 48% compared to 
corresponding quarter of last year. This demonstrates a very strong performance across all 
the financial parameters due to strong beat in the underlying business. Let me know share the 
segmental perspective. In the inorganic chemical segment, we have reported revenue of 765 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Crores during the quarter, which is up by 45% as compared to 528 Crores in the 
corresponding quarter of last year. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at 182 Crores versus 148 Crores in Q3 FY2021, which 
translates into EBITDA margin of 23.8% for Q3 FY2022 as compared to 28% in Q3 FY2021. 
The reason for this strong performance in soda ash business is due to combination of volume 
growth by 12% and also due to price increases undertaken in the last few months. This led to 
a better margin increase in prices have more than offset the increase in input costs. The 
performance of textile business continues to be robust. As a result, revenue from the current 
quarter stood at 241 Crores as compared to 180 Crores in the corresponding quarter of last 
year and 233 Crores in Q2 FY2022. This translates into a growth of 34% on a year-on-year 
basis and 3% on a sequential basis. EBITDA came in at 69 Crores compared to 34 Crores in 
Q3 FY2021 and 65 Crores in last quarter. 
 
This translates to a record EBITDA margin of 28.4% compared to 18.8% in Q3 FY2021. This 
is also due to strong demand for the yarn and high spreads despite elevated cotton prices. We 
have been able to achieve better realization due to our focus on product basket expansion and 
value added products. For the quarter, we generated 197 Crores in cash profit after tax. Our 
gross debt stands at December end stood at 618 Crores compared to 768 Crores at the end of 
FY2021. This represents a net debt to equity ratio of 0.2 times only. With this I conclude my 
comments and would now request the moderator to open the forum for questions and answers. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Investment Manager. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Thank you and good evening, Sir. First of all congratulations on great set of numbers. I had 
a couple of questions, so first is on the realization of soda ash, on an average versus Q2 to 
Q3, what has been our average increase in the realization of soda ash, if you can give a 
number? 
R S Jalan: 
Approximately around 6000. 
Resham Jain: 
In terms of the realizations increase which we have taken during Q3 because this will be 
average so some of this will be visible in Q4 as well, right? 
R S Jalan: 
Yes, Resham, like I had said in the past also that the full benefit of the price increase, which 
we have taken, will be visible only in Q4 2022. 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Resham Jain: 
Understood, and Sir, just on the capex side FY2022 what will be your cash capex FY2022 
and if you can what will be that amount? 
R S Jalan: 
In capex approximately at around 400 Crores in FY2022. 
Resham Jain: 
And 2023, Sir? 
R S Jalan: 
Approximately around 300 Crores to 400 Crores. 
Resham Jain: 
That is it because your Greenfield will start from FY2023, right? 
R S Jalan: 
No, the process will start in FY2023; however, at least from now onwards it will 3 years, so 
real expenditure on the capex will start only after 2 years. 
Resham Jain: 
In 2025, is it? 
R S Jalan: 
2024 onwards, the capex will be 2024 onwards. 
Resham Jain: 
Does this mean with this kind of capex in the current cash addition on the balance sheet you 
will practically become like net cash because you will reduce your debt to the transaction 
which you have done? 
R S Jalan: 
Yes, Resham, you are right on that. 
Resham Jain: 
Perfect, Sir. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umesh from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Umesh: 
Sir, thanks for taking my question. First of all congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, 
just wanted to understand, now we are seeing a really strong prices of soda ash and we are 
getting benefit from both the demand is really strong as well as the supplies kind of restricted, 
can you give us some sense with regards to what capacity addition pipeline which is there in 
the global front as well as in India? 
R S Jalan: 
See, globally we do not see any major capacity coming in near future at least in 2022 we do 
not see any, in 2023 some marginal expansion will take place in Saudi Arabia we are looking 
at one possibility 300000 tonnes, so broadly if I take all the global scenario 2023 probably 
will be in that range of around 500000 to 700000 tonnes which will be nowhere near to the 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 22 
demand growth so therefore even 2023 also we see a very strong year for soda ash demand 
like situation or the prices.  
Umesh: 
Understood, so this basically 500000 to 700000 tonnes of capacity will start in 2023 and 
probably it will take about 18 to 20 months to operationalize, is that correct understanding? 
R S Jalan: 
No, I am saying that maybe the new production may come in into 2023 may be around 500000 
to 700000 tonnes , however, the total demand even if I say 2% of the demand growth which 
is a major demand growth, it requires 1.2 million tonnes extra production and on the other 
side, in the China there is a plant of 1.3 million has been just stopped, so overall like I said 
the way I look at 2023 is also going to be stronger. 
Umesh: 
Understood and also capacity addition is happening on the India front?  
R S Jalan: 
India front, right now we are not looking at many maybe some of the competitor maybe 
marginal de-bottlenecking may happen, but that will also happen in 2023 onwards only, in 
2022 we are not seeing any new capacity committed. 
Umesh: 
Understood, this is really helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushal Shah from Dhanki Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Kaushal Shah: 
Thank you very much, Sir, for the opportunity. Sir, if you can throw some light on the 
spinning business, we were sharing that because of high cotton prices there was a little 
pressure from the buyers and there was some likely postponement even on the export front 
so even the yarn manufacturers were a little shaky about placing orders for the new cotton 
and we are waiting for possible cut in import duty in the current budget, so any colour on 
that, Sir?  
R S Jalan: 
No, you are right on couple of thing and as we mentioned this in the past also currently, as 
Raman has said the margin of 9 months period in this year, the margin of spinning business 
were 28% and in a longer term perspective if you look at 28% is not a sustainable margin, so 
therefore surely the margin pressure is going to be visible going forward and probably the 
best way could look at around 18% to 20% margin in this business, this is what we are also 
expecting other business going forward, of course there are lot of volatility in the situation 
and we are also very careful about our cotton coverage and our selling of the yarn and 
therefore at this point of the time for me to say that how the cotton scenario will shape up, 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 22 
will be difficult, but my understanding is cotton this year is not likely to be very significantly 
down than the current prices which are happening right now because overall the crop price in 
India is around 7% lower than the last year, demand for the garment segment is significantly 
higher, lot of business from China is getting shifted to India because of that the garments is 
really doing well on that, so therefore the yarn demand is also good, so overall the yarn 
demand is good, cotton prices are very high and even the global cotton prices is also very 
high, so I do not see any reduction in the cotton prices even if the duty of 11%, which has 
been imposed in last budget even if that goes down I do not see any major reduction in the 
cotton prices. I hope I have been able to clarify your point. 
Kaushal Shah: 
Yes, just going forward for the next let us say one year or so, do you expect us to move down 
to that number around 20% or our margins for the next one year or so if not at 28% we sustain 
at around 25% or so? 
R S Jalan: 
I think you are right on that, I should not expect margin more than 20% and achieving 20% 
for the industry also will be a good number. 
Kaushal Shah: 
Right, that was helpful, Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thank you and good evening. Hope all is well with you and your colleagues. Sir, first thing 
is just to understand the demand prospects and demand balance, can you explain the growth 
potential and incremental demand if you are looking at 2% growth, where do you see the 
incremental demand coming from for the global market and do see the demand supply in 
India because we understand that there is some additional capacity coming online in the 
detergent markets, so can give some perspective? 
R S Jalan: 
See, if you look at from Indian perspective capacity hike already been absorbed by the market 
and today there is a tight situation, import had gone down to 50% and we in the near future 
we are not seeing that the import will go back to the normal level because globally there is a 
demand supply mismatch, so capacity has been absorbed, and frankly speaking today there 
is a shortage of supplies. In terms of the global scenario if I can say two things, one the 2% 
demand primarily comes from your glass and is bottle as well as flat glass and second also 
comes from the solar glass and it is a very conservative number if you look at last 15 years 
of the number also we will see that the growth will be more than 2%, technically conservative 
number even if the 2% demand growth is there the total requirement increase will be roughly 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 22 
around 1.2 million to 1.3 million tonnes. Like I said in India I completely clearly seeing the 
2022 is going to be a very robust demand and supply restrictions will be there and prices will 
remain firm, prices can be firmer than what it is today and globally also I see based on our 
understanding that the price will be firm and demand supply situation will be in favor of the 
supply. 
S. Ramesh: 
So, can you just confirm what is the current global production based on whatever information 
you had in terms of the capacity utilization or the actual production, we have done 60 million 
tonnes on a capacity of 71 million tonnes odd? 
R S Jalan: 
Yes, 71 million tonnes is the total capacity, generally it is around 80% to 85% of average 
utilization comes in the global arena, so you can calculate of that basis that number of the 
production. 
S. Ramesh: 
Sir, one last thought in terms of ratio between the textile division and your existing of 
chemical business based on our understanding of the chemical business seems to be a little 
more profitable, what is the rationale for 1:1 swab ratio unless you are expecting the textile 
business to be more profitable in future, what the kind of rationale for that? 
R S Jalan: 
See, what we are doing, we are doing a vertical split and it is  swap ratio for mirror holding, 
it is a every investor or every shareholder will get one share of textile and one share of 
chemical business will remain with them, so it is not a swap ratio per se, it is basically 
vertically split of the company. 
S. Ramesh: 
Take care and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riddhesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir, congratulations on your numbers. Sir, you know with the amount of free cash flow we 
are generating combined with our asset sale for our textile business, we have been hearing 
with regards to the expansion and probably if you could maybe outline the plans for the 
utilization of the cash flow or then is the plan then to return the excess capital to the 
shareholders through dividend and buyback, so we are highly under leveraged in terms of our 
balance sheet? 
R S Jalan: 
Your 100% right, at just point of a time we are highly under leveraged and in 2023 likely we 
will be net cash on the balance sheet, you are right, the allocation of these resources is very 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 22 
important and just in a profitable manner or in a responsible manner for us it is very, very 
important because you would have see our last 10 years, so we want to be very responsible 
in our capital allocation and we want to be very careful of going for any new investments, 
having said that couple of thing which are in our pipeline, one Greenfield project expansion, 
as you remember we very clearly articulated that we will never go more than 1:1 equity ratio, 
one of the largest capacity of planning is the soda ash expansion which is around 3000 Crores 
that is number one, second is sodium bicarbonate expansion we are doing, a continuous 
investment into the spinning business because you would have seen, historically if you look 
at our margins making phenomenally good in the spinning business, in the last say half years 
average is also around 18%, so we will continue to grow our business on the spinning, 
investment is through the green energy, soda ash backward integration, we have a lot of 
discussion going on, on the backward integration of the raw material, you have seen that the 
salt prices had gone up, so we are looking at some investment which is a salt, so that in future 
we secure the salt profit. Over and above two of the world’s experts are engaged on 
identifying some of the biochemical as well chlorine and caustic soda base project, so these 
are the investment, which we are exploring and I can assure all the investors that we are very 
clear in our understanding is that under leveraging matter is the right thing, responsible 
growth is very, very important and you will see going forward the growth will come into the 
business. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: 
Sir, the other question was with regards to you know we have been reading from actually 
press around sodium ion technology which could potentially replace lithium ion, etc., is this 
also another area, which we were looking at all or it not something we are looking at on the 
battery space? 
R S Jalan: 
We are right now, like I said two of the experts we have engaged and they are looking at all 
the possibilities and we are in a very advanced stage of the discussion and once that is 
finalized then only we will be able to comment at which area we are finally going. 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Understood, Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you for taking my question and congratulations for the good set of numbers. So, some 
of my questions were already answered, so like on the power side what you are talking about 
there will be add in solar capacity so obviously our power cost has been increasing 
significantly last few quarters so post completion of the solar capacity, what sort of you can 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 22 
say margin improvement we could be expecting from this and where we are actually looking 
at the power cost to be stabilized for us going forward? 
R S Jalan: 
See, two things, one in both the business we handle separately, in soda ash the major increase 
in the power cost is in the soda ash, which is primarily because of the very high energy prices 
which is the coal prices or the coke prices, so the solar energy investment, which we are now 
talking about is not related to the chemical business and therefore this cost reductions or the 
increase will entirely depends on the energy prices globally, now having said that the 
investment in the solar energy, which we are talking about is only in the spinning business 
where currently we are almost around, I will give you some breakup of the number, overall 
we have almost around 47%, I am talking about spinning 42% of our current energy in the 
spinning it on the renewable energy adjacent to that we are also looking at another 20 
megawatt if that happens it will become 54% that means after this 10 megawatt, which we 
have just recently approved it will become 54%, in adjacent to that we are almost around 
12%, we are also securing wind energy on fixed price from the market on the long-term, our 
plan is we want to have 80% to 85% of the energy on the renewable basis and that will freeze 
our electric cost inflation, I hope I was able to answer your question on this. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Yes, Sir, so that means our soda ash business more or less will remain linked with the global 
coal prices or coke prices? 
R S Jalan: 
Yes, in that only the small investment we are envisaging on the solar energy or the hybrid 
energy, it will not be very significant and therefore that will surely be dependent on the global 
energy cycle. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Fair enough and secondly on this spinning business or the spindle capacity is right now 
around 185000 and 40000 is what we are going to add, so potentially and just to look at the 
numbers after adding this capacity, what sort of peak revenue would be expecting from this 
business? 
R S Jalan: 
See, my understanding like I had said just now if you look at this year in this 12 months 
period of this year likely revenue from spinning business. So 900 Crores in the spinning 
business revenue this year, now we are adding another 20% next year, which will be 
competing by June 2022 so that will add another 20% and in addition to that we are also 
exploring the possibility of another investment into this, to gradually first our plans is that we 
need to go to the level of around 1500 Crores to 2000 Crores in 3 years of time. 
Rohit Sinha: 
And Sir, in terms price pass on in this spinning business, how it works? 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 22 
R S Jalan: 
The spinning business is not that simple if I can say so, because entirely depends on the 
demand supply situation because we have seen that the margins, which in a typical way used 
to be around for us 15% to 18% and now gone to 28%, that is we have been to pass more of 
that increase in the cost, similarly it can also go down so that is what I would not say there 
will be linking between passing of the cost to the consumer in this business, but yes, one thing 
also looks to me the spinning business for the next few quarters or at least one or two years I 
see a strong demand and strong performance could be seen from the spinning business, but 
not to that kind of 28%, I said 20% to 22% kind of a margin should be expected out of this. 
Rohit Sinha: 
That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anish Jobalia from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Sir, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. In terms of the installed capacity of the 
total spindles in the industry, what is our GHCL’s market share position, how would that be, 
how should we look at that? 
R S Jalan: 
I do not think any percentage we can calculate easily because there are a large number of 
investments are there across India, but yes, I can say that if you look at 100 spinning mills, 
we will be one among the 25 top mills in India, we will be in the first 15, 16 the spinning 
mills our capacity will be captured there, but yes, larger player is 12 lakhs spindle also and 
we are only 2 lakhs spindles. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Sir, what is the percentage of revenues in the spinning between quarter on quarter on synthetic 
yarn? 
R S Jalan: 
That number I do not have right now, offline we can give it to you because we have the 
product basket, which are multiple of this, so at this point of time I do not have the number. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Sir, moving to the chemical side, we had a fantastic performance in terms of EBITDA per 
tonne, so just wanted to understand it terms of the spot prices of the soda ash, you mentioned 
that what was average that we realized in the last quarter back of the calculation showed that 
it was close to 26000 to 28000 and also if you could comment on if the cost per tonne increase 
that we were seeing until the last quarter that has stabilized and given that how do we see the 
EBITDA per tonne panning out in the next quarter? 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 22 
R S Jalan: 
See like I just said in the beginning of the call, the realization is up by around Rs.6000 and 
overall EBITDA also higher, however, going forward this number will be better than this 
number, I can say to that extent because the full benefit of the price increase we have taken 
in the month of November will also be get reflected, there is a lot of annual contract or 
monthly contract, from January the new contracts has been done on a revised price, so you 
will see a good increase in the realization in the next quarter, and largely the EBITDA margin 
will also be better than what we have seen in this quarter. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Sir, really good hear that, but as the cost inflation subsided or that continues what we saw in 
this quarter? 
R S Jalan: 
See, my understanding at this of a point it is very typical to predict if this stabilize because 
energy prices are very volatile, but I do not see too much of impact happening in the third 
quarter as on fourth quarter because those raw materials at the great extend had been secured 
but there is some marginal impact because of the spot prices, but still the margin will be much 
better than this margins we have seen in this quarter. 
Anish Jobalia: 
Sir, fantastic and all the very best for the next quarter followed by. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly thank you to the investor team for giving us a very revamp presentation at this 
time. The first point is about this debottlenecking exercise that we are going through and there 
would be an addition of I thing 50000 tonnes of soda ash, so that will happen in this quarter 
itself, the benefit will start flowing into our volumes or will it happen in the next year? 
R S Jalan: 
No, it will happen in this quarter, Mr. Saket, in the fourth quarter and some benefit has already 
accrued in the third quarter also, just to share with the investors community that in the month 
of December we had the highest production of 100000 tonnes in the plant which were the 
highest in the history of the GHCL and I am sure that going forward also we will be able to 
demonstrate those kind of performance, so overall the benefits of the debottlenecking some 
had already come into the third quarter and full benefit will be coming in the fourth quarter. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, Sir, you have spoken about the higher energy costs and then the impact from China, 
so barring these factors what are the factors that are supporting these prices and what 
according to you are the sector that will keep supporting them and key risk to them? 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 22 
R S Jalan: 
In terms of the support primarily the demand supply gap globally that is number one, second 
the supply chain cost of moving the material from one geography to another geography, these 
are the two factors which is supporting this demand supply or better realization at the better 
price, like I had said at this of a time in 2022 or 2023, we do not see too much of disruption 
happening in this. In terms of energy prices like I said that has already been passed on to the 
customer and hopefully in the future also we will be in a position to pass on this cost if there 
is any increase to the customers, hopefully, my understanding is 2022 is going to be stronger.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, Sir and another point was that when we envisage this Greenfield project at that time 
the return ratios and soda ash realization and today's realization there is a change in terms of 
the factors was also supporting them with the solar panels demand coming up, which fuel gas 
demand also going to nurture out going forward, so how does the return ratio change today 
for a new Greenfield project, I mean to say new players moving into the sector going forward 
and are we taking too long for this project to happen or is that this generally happens for these 
large projects? 
R S Jalan: 
It is, like I said it the pass also sometimes, it is not easy for a new entrant to come into this 
business because there is a lot of complexity in this business, raw material security, one 
project takes 5 to 7 years and the new competition, which are coming in the RSPL they took 
7 years to complete the project, it is a long gestation period, in the beginning it takes lot of 
time to stabilize the plant, all those things are happening, it is not very easy for new players 
to come in very quickly into this business that is number one, second in terms of the timeline, 
since this kind of a project requires a lot of land, lot of approvals, long delivery period for the 
equipment, so generally these kind of a project take 5 years of time like you see in our case 
almost one-and-a-half to 2 years we have already spent on acquisitions of the land itself 
because we require 1000 acres of the land, still some portion of the land is still pending, some 
of the lands are still to be transferred in our name, and lot of approvals required from the 
government, keeping that into mind I think we are on a perfect timeline on implementation 
of this. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, if come to page #26 of your presentation, wherein for soda ash market outlook under the 
China it is mentioned that the price is significantly moderated due to higher inventory, no 
impact on global prices as logistic cost are very high, so what has been the price trends in 
China and if you could give the comparison between the Chinese prices and today’s the 
landed prices for us? 
R S Jalan: 
Two things, Saket, on one side Chinese scenarios have changed in few weeks and again it has 
changed again, latest information today is that it has gone down again, the prices was 2 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 22 
months back prices were much above than the prices which we have been selling into the 
Indian market, they were all almost around $500 plus, moderately it has gone down to the 
level of where we are selling, so in terms of landed costs of Chinese product, we are at least 
for the time I do not see the feasibility happening at all, like I said China is less importer at 
this point of a time, so I do not see any possibility of a Chinese business coming into India, 
the logistic cost on China to India is more than $100 to $110 so Chinese product is absolutely 
not feasible to come to India. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, Sir and when you have spoken about this to capitalize on emerging opportunities across 
our businesses so for the soda ash we are looking for this flue gas and the solar panels, are 
these the only two big opportunities that we should be able to hold onto or are there any other 
segment also when we have used the phrase emerging opportunities? 
R S Jalan: 
See, sodium bicarbonate is being used in the flue gas statement, and that opportunity probably 
is gradually going to be exploded if I can say so, but it will take sometime recently NTPC has 
started the trial because the COVID that was stopped, they have started the trial and gradually 
this will start happening, we are also looking at creating a separate team for making the 
sodium bicarbonate at this facility chemical and the solution based supply to the customers, 
like I said these are the emerging opportunity, it will take time, it will not happen in one day. 
In terms of the solar glass, solar glass demand has already expanded in India, a lot of new 
capacity is coming into the solar glass and that will have a direct benefit to the soda ash, so 
there it is the demands scenario of the soda ash will change and that will help a better 
realization, better demand, and better margin. We have said that one is the soda ash 
expansion, sodium bicarbonate we are doubling the capacity, we are also looking at caustic 
soda and chlorine based solution, some bulk chemicals there are a lot opportunities we are 
looking at, but like again I am repeating we want to do the things in a more mature manner, 
more responsible manner and we will not look at one or two year scenario, we will be looking 
at a longer term scenario because the investment will be large and we have to look at in the 
longer term, which will make sense for the GHCL and we will remain within our core 
competency of chemical and spinning. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, on ESG front lot of work I think had been done and you have also spoken in your 
presentation, annual report also, so are we looking for any ESG rating because now they are 
dedicated front that are technically bound to invest in high scoring ESG company, so where 
do GHCL stand on the same and on your vision part also, correct me earlier we have also 
came up with this idea of something like market cap vision also for 2023-2024, so are we 
sticking to any point on that front because I think this could be the best period for the soda 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 22 
ash players to achieve whatever vision we would have thought earlier, if you could throw 
some light and then my last one was in page #36? 
R S Jalan: 
See, on the two points, which you said on ESG, yes, our focus is there on compliance, we 
have done a complete scanning by some of the experts on our various parameters of the ESG 
as well as on the compliance, we have also hired expert on our climate change and like I said, 
ESG also we are focus on that, when this was get listed on that, that is the only way we will 
be seeing what we have any particular stage of listing, but yes, journey is there, because we 
are very clear and very focused on that for the success of the business for a longer term 
perspective, it is very important that we should be on the ESG side or on the compliance side 
which would be far above the normal law requirement, so that was one thing, second your 
question was on, what was the second question, Saket? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Market cap vision for 2023-2024, earlier we have envisaged something? 
R S Jalan: 
Saket, when we talk about the market capitalization, the two things which are required in the 
business and if you do that rightly automatically the shareholders like you will be rewarded 
by the company in terms the market capitalization, so market capitalization is the output of 
what we do and there are two thing, which are important and we are working on that and you 
have seen in over a period of last few years, 4, 5 years, we have delivered what we have 
promised, we have delivered performance more than what you people have expected that is 
one, second is growth, like I said we are focused on the growth in a very, very dedicated 
manner, the third, the overall creating and trust and respect for the organization and the 
compliance and the high standard of government, so this is that one area you have seen, there 
also we have scored over a period of time and our journey continues on that so we will deliver 
on compliance, we will deliver on the performance, on the growth and surely you people will 
see the vision of the company of creating a benchmark of market capitalization. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for answering all the points, last one point was also the raw materials security, 
how are we planning by, what percentage should be captive going forward in terms of both 
salt, limestones and other variables and the impact of the power and fuel on margins, which 
will be in a way going forward with the price hike and any price hikes we have taken for this 
month? 
R S Jalan: 
Two things, at this part of a time, in the month of January, we have not taken any price hike, 
on terms of the energy like I said energy very volatile, it is very difficult at this point of a 
time to say that how this will pan out, however, like I said this all cost increase has been 
passed on and our margins are better, in terms of backward integration of security to the raw 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 22 
material we are working on that, at this point of a time we have certain discussion which are 
happening, but nothing is concrete which we can share with you, but yes, focus is on that 
area. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, all the best and also for the Greenfield projects, we hope to hear something more about 
it, more concrete about it in the near future and many people in the state of Gujarat are also 
moving into the ethanol story, so going forward how do our management team look our 
diversification for that, if not part of the story also. Moderator: 
Thank 
you. 
The 
next question is from the line of Andharey Purushutam from Cogito Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Andharey Purushutam: Mr. Jalan and Mr. Raman first of all congratulations for a great set of performance which you 
have been putting in, you have our investors appreciation. 
R S Jalan: 
Thank you. 
Andharey Purushutam: Sir, I missed out a few minutes because I got disconnected from the call, but this is a bit of a 
follow up question on the global supply demand scenario, and I wanted you to comment 
specifically on whether, A. What is the export opportunity to China, B. What is the situation 
in terms of meeting demand from Southeast Asia and what is the situation in Turkey with 
respect to supply demand if you could give us some additional flavor on this and how it affects 
your business? 
R S Jalan: 
See, in terms of I will go last question first in the Turkey, what has happened because the 
China was one of the big exporter to Southeast Asian market and the Middle East market and 
they have vacated that market and that has just captured by the Turkey people, second in 
Europe also the Turkish people had been able to capture some of the market because the 
demand growth is there, there is no new suppliers coming from the European market as well 
and they have exported some of the quantity to China as well, even US has also exported 
some of the quantity to the China as well, so in terms of the overall if you look at, of course 
some quantity of that will continue to be coming to India, but like I said we do not see any 
volume coming in from China, some of the volume is coming from Russia and Iran also to 
India and some of the volume coming from the US also, but overall which was around a 
million tonnes 2 years back or 900000 tones it is not almost 40% to 50% so because of this 
overall no new capacity coming in and the demand is growing, there is the overall globally 
demand supply situation, lot of exports and imports are not happening, in terms of your 
question about our possibility of export to Southeast Asia, in a smaller volume we are doing 
it, we are doing to Bangladesh also, we are doing to Southeast Asia, also we are doing to 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Nepal also, but our productions are in a way, we have to first service our domestic customers, 
what I say that is the last 2, 3 months we have been able to somehow make sure that the 
customers are being serviced in a manner so that they do not face any difficulty in the 
domestic space so keeping that into mind at this point of a time, I do not see any major exports 
required or should be done by the company to these market because your production will be 
fully consumed by the domestic consumers and that will continue to 2022 and like I said even 
2023 also I see a similar kind of situation in 2023. 
Andharey Purushutam: I was just curious that Turkey is so far logistically from China and Southeast Asia, how they 
still manage to profitably export to them? 
R S Jalan: 
See, first of all let you know that they do not have their own consumption, they are to export, 
not they have to decide, which one is more profitable to them and where they can get a better 
realization, keeping that into mind, as they cannot dump everything in one market, so they 
are distributing something to China, something to Southeast Asia and Europe, and things like 
that. Two years ago they were supplying almost around 150000 tonnes to India as well, so 
depending upon the realization, depending upon the strategic call, they are distributing those 
product to the various market. 
Andharey Purushutam: And just one final question, did you mention in the early part of the call that you are going to 
launch another chemical, which we has been in discussion, is there any flavor you can give 
us on this, the nature of this chemical, by when, etc., or it is too early to ask? 
R S Jalan: 
It is too early to ask honestly because like I said some of the experts are working on that and 
probably in next few months we will be discussing with them and after that we will take a 
call on that and then once we take a call we will let you know. 
Andharee Purushutam: Thank you very much, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thank you once again, Mr. Jalan, if you look at the demand from soda ash, glass, can you 
quantify the consumption and how you see the growth rate in the solar glass panels for the 
soda ash segment? 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 22 
R S Jalan: 
See, like I said I see a very significant demand growth in the solar because a lot of new 
investment into the solar glass is coming in and overall if I can say in the solar panel the 
demand in the next 2 years is going to be more than double. 
S. Ramesh: 
Can we get some number? 
R S Jalan: 
Right now I do not have the numbers, Ramesh, offline I can give you the details, on the glass 
side also, flat glass side also, like I said overall demand is very robust and every glass 
manufacturers are running at their full capacity and new plants of the glass are also coming 
into the market, keeping that into mind, my guess is around 6% to 7% minimum growth in 
the glass segment you can visualize going forward. 
S. Ramesh: 
If you look at sodium bicarbonate, on the flow glass segment some sense in terms of what 
was the growth we can expect here for your sodium bicarbonate business? 
R S Jalan: 
The sodium bicarbonate I said to you, that on one side sodium bicarbonates normal growth 
will be there number one, but flue glass treatment is one of the potential area which will 
explode if I use the right word, but it will take sometime because across the globe the people 
are using the sodium bicarbonate for flue gas treatment, however, India it has just started by 
NTPC and we are also working on the solution based offering to the customers and that yes, 
it will take sometime, but surely that will give a phenomenal growth in the sodium 
bicarbonate and that would become a more like a specialty chemical solution based chemical, 
and we are doubling the capacity which will happen in next 9 months from now. 
S. Ramesh: 
Thank you very much and have a good day, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Chheda from Quest Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, my first question is 
about export, what export that we have done during the quarter and what is the volume? 
R S Jalan: 
Right now I do not have a specific number, but it will not be very significant. 
Chintan Chheda: 
And secondly Sir, what is our total power capacity as of date and post demerger how will this 
power capacity split up between your textile and chemical business? 
R S Jalan: 
See, power capacity of every unit has a separate power capacity, like if you look at in soda 
ash it is a 100% own generation of power in the soda ash plant which is a captive generation 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 22 
and spinning had its own power like I just said we are largely on the green energy where 
approximately our requirements is around 15 Crores unit and out of that like I said after this 
12 megawatt we will be around 54% will be our own generation and textiles has separate 
power these are nothing to do with interdependent of any unit with anyone. 
Chintan Chheda: 
So, for soda ash everything is coal base, right? 
R S Jalan: 
Yes, everything is coal base, coal are ignited. 
Chintan Chheda: 
And how much would be back capacity? 
R S Jalan: 
Raman, can you answer this question? 
Raman Chopra: 
Around 40 megawatt is the current capacity, we will see from debottlenecking some more 
will be added, so all in all probably we will reach around 45 megawatts. 
Chintan Chheda: 
And this is sufficient for 100% utilization of our soda ash plant, Sir? 
R S Jalan: 
Yes, 100%. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Thanks for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arvind an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Arvind: 
Sir, just one question, if the shipping transport normalizes will import also normalize and it 
will go back to the normal imports that we had earlier or there is some change where import 
will always be lower than what it was pre-COVID? 
R S Jalan: 
See, Mr. Arvind, two things I just want to highlight, like I said just now, this overall demand 
growth in the globe and the supply, no new supply is coming in and that will definitely will 
reduce the import to India in spite of that the supply chain cost comes down that is number 
one, second yes, in India also the demand growth will happen so even if some volume growth 
or import increases that also will not impact the overall supplies or better pricing from the 
Indian manufacturers, overall at least like I said we do not know for a longer period of time, 
but at least for 2022-2023, we see a phenomenal growth in soda ash demand and overall 
pricing. 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Arvind: 
Sir, is it possible to indicate various source of imports in India and percentage wise, which is 
the largest source of import? 
R S Jalan: 
Readily I do not have number, but I can give you the country wise, country like I said some 
of the quantity is coming from Iran, some of the quantity is coming from Russia, some of the 
quantity is coming from Turkey, some of the quantity is coming from Europe and some of 
the quantity is coming from the US and approximately our estimation this year the volume 
will be the range of around 400000 to 500000, which is almost around 50% of the normal 
volume. 
Arvind: 
But generally the largest contributor of imports pre-COVID, which country was the biggest 
to India? 
R S Jalan: 
Pre-COVID, it was Turkey and US. 
Arvind: 
And this will be around 50% probably or any ballpark? 
R S Jalan: 
I do not want to guess the number, I can give you offline the number, specific number I do 
not want to guess the number. 
Arvind: 
Great. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take that as the last question. I now hand 
the conference over the management for their closing comments. Over to you! 
R S Jalan: 
Thank you Rohit and overall as I said we are always going to work on 3 pillars, one the 
growth which like I said we are already working on various possibilities, second is 
performance because one thing, which is in our control is basically to improve our cost 
structure, lot of work to be done on the cost efficiency and like I said IOT based technology, 
so our focus is always going to be becoming more competitive be it soda ash, in the spinning 
like I said, two things we are working, one is value added product and the second we are also 
working on volume growth there also and green energy, everywhere our focus is more to 
become more competitive and our growth revenue. Your questions and your support is always 
help us to improve over a period of time and we will continue to do our journey and create 
our trust and your respect will be much valuable to us. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
GHCL Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us. You many now disconnect your 
limes. 
