 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/48 
 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2022/36 dated February 02, 2022; please find             
enclosed herewith the transcripts of earnings Conference call on Q3 & 9M FY 2022 results of the 
Company, held on February 09, 2022. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.renaissanceglobal.com 
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
G. M. Walavalkar                     
VP – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 

 
 
Renaissance Global Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
February 09, 2022 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Renaissance Global 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Anoop Poojari from 
CDR India. Thank you and over to you Mr. Poojari. 
Anoop Poojari:  
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Renaissance 
Global’s Q3 and 9M FY22 earnings conference call. We have with us today, 
Mr. Sumit Shah – Chairman and Global CEO; and Mr. Hitesh Shah – 
Managing Director of the Company.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will have the forum open for an interactive 
question and answer session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in 
today's call maybe forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the result presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Sumit to make his opening remarks. 
Sumit Shah:  
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global, I 
extend a warm welcome and thank you all for joining us on our earnings 
conference call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31st, 2021.  
I will start off the call by taking you through a brief overview of the Company's 
operational and business highlights for the period under review. Post that, 
Hitesh will give you a rundown of the financial performance, following which 
we will open the forum for a question-and-answer session. 
We are glad to report that we have delivered a robust performance during the 
quarter on the back of improving demand environment in our key global 
markets of North America, Europe, and Asia. On the like-to-like basis, our 
total income in Q3 was higher by 26% year over year, and profit after tax 
expanded by 29% year over year. While our nine months like-to-like total 
income growth stood at 34%, and profit after tax improved by 178%. The 
growth was primarily driven by strong contribution from our high-end branded 
jewellery segment, along with a robust growth in our direct-to-consumer 
segment. 
Our global branded jewellery business is the key growth pillar of our business 
model. We have a growing portfolio of high potential licensed brands and 
own brands within this segment. Our association with globally recognized 
brands such as Hallmark, Disney, and Star Wars, has put us on a strong 

 
Page 2 of 9 
 
footing and enabled us to improve our presence across key international 
markets. We have been in advanced discussions to replicate our successful 
licensing model across other well-known brands. In line with this, we are 
pleased to share that we have signed a licensing agreement with one of 
North America's most popular sports league, the National Football League. 
Through this agreement, Renaissance and NFL will collaborate to design 
unique branded jewellery collection using NFL intellectual property. The NFL 
jewellery collection will include distinct pieces representing each of the 32 
teams in the NFL, along with jewellery pieces for a Super Bowl and Pro Bowl 
matches. The collection will be premiered this holiday season at multiple 
retail locations, such as department stores, specialty jewellery stores, league 
stores, mass market retailers, and others across the United States. The 
jewellery collection will also be featured across e-commerce platforms, such 
as the NFL team websites, and other ecommerce retailers. This partnership 
along with our existing strategic licensing agreements augments our branded 
jewellery product portfolio. Over the last three years, we have improved the 
contribution from our branded jewellery segment from just 2% in FY18 to 
23% in 9M FY22. Looking forward, our strategic endeavour is to achieve 50% 
sales from branded jewellery segments over the next three or four years.  
Within the branded jewellery segment, the direct-to-consumer business is 
another important growth lever for us. We have successfully developed and 
launched six online stores within a span of 15 months. We are happy to 
share that the monthly visitors on these websites have recorded almost 10 
times growth since February of 2020 and we continue to register strong 
consumer traffic across these websites. We are constantly witnessing healthy 
business from repeat customers. In this quarter the contribution from repeat 
customers stood at 17% as compared to 15%, in Q2 FY22 and an average of 
6% in FY21. The contribution from repeat customers continues to be on an 
improving trend, showcasing higher consumer stickiness and brand trust. In 
the coming months, we will be broadening our direct-to-consumer portfolio 
with the launch of new websites, and we'll be introducing a number of 
strategic initiatives to strengthen this model. Renaissance will be launching a 
brand new D2C website for NFL in the coming months.  
Overall, we have delivered an encouraging performance during the quarter 
and nine months. While there are ongoing concerns about the pandemic in 
some key global markets, we expect minimal short-term impact. Furthermore, 
we are currently witnessing certain inflationary pressures on our key raw 
material, most importantly diamonds. This may have potential impact on our 
performance in Q4 FY22. We expect this impact to be temporary, as we will 
pass on some of these cost increases to our customers. I would like to 
highlight that Q4 FY21 saw a spike in demand in our key markets, owing to 
the stimulus program by Western governments, and hence would have a 
comparatively higher base.  
On the whole, these challenges are transient in nature, and we remain 
excited about our future growth prospects and opportunities in the medium to 
long term. Our core competencies such as our partnerships with globally 
recognized brands, high expertise in product conceptualization and design, 
advanced industry know how and win-win partnerships with iconic brands 
position us well to leverage on the many growth opportunities in the high 
potential global branded jewellery space. Based on our strong performance 
for the quarter and financial year till date, and in line with our dividend 
distribution policy, the Board has decided to declare an interim dividend of 
INR 5.5 per share. 
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Shah to discuss 
our financial performance during the quarter. Over to you Hitesh. 

 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Hitesh Shah:  
Thank you so much. Good afternoon, everyone.  
We have reported a solid performance during the quarter supported by high 
demand in our branded jewellery segment, as well as strong contribution 
from our direct-to-consumer business. In Q3 FY22, our total income stood at 
to be INR 775 crore compared to INR 741 crore in Q3 FY21, registering a 
growth of 4.5%. While for the nine months ended December 2021 the total 
income grew by 14.3% to INR 1,672 crore compared to INR 1,463 crore in 
nine months ended December 2020. 
Our branded jewellery sales in Q3 grew by 30% year over year, of which our 
B2B segment marked a healthy growth of 20%. Direct-to-consumer business 
posted revenues of INR 49 crore in Q3 of FY22 compared to INR 27 crore in 
Q3 FY21, growing by 78% year over year. In 9M FY22, our branded jewellery 
segment grew by 38% of which B2B by 23% and D2C by 123%. Strong 
uptick in retail consumption and improved demand environment in the key 
markets on the back of a holiday and festive season boosted growth within 
the branded jewellery category, during the period under review. Our D2C 
segment is also fast growing. According to our estimates of nine-month 
revenue contribution to annual sales, the annual revenue run rate for this 
segment now stands at INR 130 crore compared to actual FY21 revenues of 
INR 65 crore, registering a two times growth. 
I would like to highlight that while revenues from our plain gold segment 
dropped by 66% and 60% year over year in Q3 and 9M FY22 respectively; 
the volumes for the same improved by 84% and 172% year over year. This is 
largely because we are now recognizing only making charges as revenue for 
this business. While this will meaningfully reduce the reported revenues of 
the gold division. EBITDA performance remains unaffected. 
In terms of geographic distribution of sales, in Q3 FY22, contribution from 
North America stood at 75%, followed by Middle East at 6%, and other 
geographies at 19%. In 9M FY22 contribution from North America was 74%, 
followed by Middle East at 7% and the balance coming in from other 
geographies.  
In Q3, FY22 & 9MFY22, revenue share of studded jewellery stood at 93%. Of 
the total studded jewellery revenues in Q3, banded jewellery business 
contributed 27% and of which the B2B segment contributed 75% whereas 
D2C contributed 25% of the branded jewellery business. 
On the profitability front, EBITDA stood at INR 68.4 crore in Q3 FY22 and in 
9M FY22 it stood at INR 163.6 crore, translating into EBITDA margins of 
8.8% and 9.8% respectively. Profitability was aided by improved contributions 
from our high margin areas of branded jewellery, and direct-to-consumer 
business. In 9M FY22, branded jewellery businesses reported a 15.5% 
EBITDA margin, recording a year over year growth of 429 bps and the direct-
to-consumer business registered 19.1% EBITDA margins, which was higher 
by 341 bps on a year over year basis. Our direct-to-consumer business is a 
high EBITDA margin business, with margins ranging from 20% to 22%. With 
the growing share of direct-to-consumer revenues to total revenues, we 
believe our consolidated EBITDA margins will be on an increasing trend 
going forward.  
In Q3 FY22, Profit After Tax improved to INR 32.9 crore versus INR 25.4 
crore in the corresponding period last year. While for 9M FY22 Profit After 
Tax came in at INR 85 crore against INR 30.6 crore in the same period of last 
year registering a robust increase of 178%. 

 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Lastly, in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt to equity ratio stands 
healthy at 0.33 in December 2021. Our total net debt stands at INR 305 
crore, and our cash and bank balances and current investment stands 
healthy at INR 286 crore. 
To conclude, we have reported a solid overall performance during the quarter 
and the nine-month period. As one of the leading industry players, we 
operate a strong financial profile, and we remain confident of delivering 
improved performance going forward. 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar:  Yes, good afternoon, sir. Thanks for giving me the opportunity and congrats 
for good set of numbers. My question is on the margin front. So, for this 
quarter, we have seen our EBITDA margin at around 9.8%. And sequentially 
there is a dip because in Q2 we saw it at 11%. So is this mainly because of 
the discount or the change in mix during the quarter? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, so there are essentially two reasons for the dip in the margins in this 
quarter. You know, one is we have seen an inflation in the prices of diamonds 
over the last four or five months, and there has been some element of 
commodity price increases that we've not yet passed on to customers fully. 
And I think during Quarter 3, which is our largest selling season, there is 
usually a little bit of promotional activity, which affects our EBITDA margin. 
So, I would say that it's a combination of these two factors, diamond price 
increases, as well as some element of promotional selling. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar:  So, as you mentioned, that you have already taken a price increase. So, how 
do you look at Quarter 4, whether this trend will improve, or will it take some 
time considering the fact that in Q4, there are a couple of effects, one, 
because of the inflationary pressure and third wave would also have impact.  
Sumit Shah:  
Our expectation would be that margins would continue to be under pressure 
like Q3, in Q4 as well. We've not seen a significant business impact because 
of the third wave. However, the year over year comparisons do become a 
little bit challenging because last year, in Q4, the U.S. government sent out 
stimulus cheques. And so, we expect a little bit of moderation in sales growth, 
specifically in Q4, and some bit of pressure due to all diamond price increase 
is not being passed on to customers. However, we are fairly confident getting 
back on track to our target EBITDA margins by Q1 of the next financial year. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar:  Just wanted to understand on this strategic agreement with NFL. So more 
from the perspective of the operations -- while getting into such agreements 
do you have any targeted revenues in mind that this particular agreement will 
be deriving these revenue streams for the period of time? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, so I think that there isn't a specific revenue target, but I think that we 
would generally sign agreements with brands where we think that the 
opportunity would be to at least create a USD 20 million in revenue brand, 
over a three-to-four-year time frame. So that would be our goal, that if we feel 
that the target market was significant, at least to get to that size, then that 
would be an endeavour sort of worth doing. Obviously, it's possible that it 
could be a lot larger, like Enchanted is – it is almost a USD 50 million 
business for us, but it takes a few years to grow. So, we expect NFL to be 

 
Page 5 of 9 
 
meaningful, but I think it's a three-year process to grow the business, the 
brand, and the distribution. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar:  And just one related question, when you enter into such agreements, initially 
considering the fact that you have to do more on promotions, and a little bit of 
inventory, because the product is under development phase, so initially, that 
impacts your margins? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, you're absolutely right that in year one, there would be some impact on 
margin, because there's an upfront cost associated with developing the 
brand, the content, and the marketing costs, primarily. The inventory costs 
are not so significant, because I think they scale up usually, as revenues go 
up. But there are some upfront investments required in developing the 
marketing and branding content and the website, which would mean that in 
year one, launching a new brand would have an impact on margins. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual 
Investment Advisors.  
Aakash Javeri:  
Congratulations on great numbers. Sir, we had a great Q3, and the industry 
has had a very good Q3. So, for 2022, do you feel that we can see volume 
growth or the growth this year would be more pricing growth? Because U.S. 
job data has been better than expected. So, how is the current demand 
scenario looking and the expectation for the forthcoming year? 
Sumit Shah:  
I would say that our expectation would be for the demand environment to be 
slightly challenging in the next four months, especially when the comparisons 
are on a year over year basis, because of the fact that, there was U.S. 
government stimulus cheques. And I think this year, pricing growth will 
definitely be a key driver of sales growth. So, while the U.S. consumer 
remains in good health, we expect business to be healthy. However, the next 
four months, the comparisons definitely do look challenging because of the 
year over year comparisons from last year. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Shashank Bharuka from Haitong 
International Securities.  
Shashank Bharuka: 
I'm a bit new to the company. So, I would like to get some clearer 
understanding of the business model. So, I see a large chunk of your 
revenue comes from the customer brand segments, and wanted to know 
what the exact functioning of the segment and how is it different from the 
branded jewellery segment? 
Sumit Shah:  
Sure. So essentially, the customer brand segment is a segment where we 
design, manufacture and sell jewellery to large global retailers under their 
brand name. And the branded jewellery segment is a segment where we're 
the licensee or owner of the brand. And the product is sold under a licensed 
brand or our own brand, either direct to consumer or through retail partners. 
Shashank Bharuka:  
Okay understood. And in terms of geographical breakup, in the other section, 
what type of countries are included and what's India’s share in that? 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes. So, it's primarily Europe and Asia countries are the other segments, and 
Europe being a large part of the other segment, India is a very small 
percentage of our revenues, we currently operate three stores in India, and 
predominantly for the current financial year, they've been largely closed due 
to COVID, or relatively operating at lower capacity because we're a newer 
brand. So, India is not a meaningful number in our total revenue. And the 
other segment is primarily Europe with a little bit of revenue coming from 
Asia. 

 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Shashank Bharuka:  
Understood. Also, since you said that you're trying to expand to other 
geographies, in the coming period in order to boost your bandwidth in the 
segment. So, what are your plans on that? 
Sumit Shah:  
We don't expect the geographic mix to shift significantly. We see a large 
opportunity in the market that we're currently operating primarily in the U.S. to 
increase penetration and grow our existing brands and grow our direct-to-
consumer business. So, I would expect that our geographic mix will not 
change dramatically in the years to come. 
Moderator:  
The next question is a follow up from line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan by BNP Paribas.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar:  I just have a follow up as you said that Q4 is a little bit subdued, and it is 
going to be a transition phase. But how do you expect the next holiday 
season to be like? In FY23 and FY24 how would the demand environment be 
considering the overall revival in the global market? Now things are looking to 
be better, mobility is improving; most of the countries are getting out of the 
COVID phase so how do you expect the demand environment? And whether 
you have to gain any shares in some of these markets? 
Sumit Shah:  
I would say that medium to long term, we are extremely optimistic and bullish 
about the demand environment, as you know a lot of stores were shut and 
now the stores are reopening, people are being able to go out again, we still 
have a significant exposure to physical retail. So overall, we are optimistic 
with the number of brands that we own, and the distribution network that we 
have. Medium to long term we are optimistic that we should be able to 
continue to grow the business significantly in the years to come. I think that a 
lot of the challenges that I'm describing are short term in nature and would be 
transient and focused around Q4. I would expect that holiday season for 
FY22 to be relatively healthy and especially for us, given a lot of new brand 
launches, we expect to have strong momentum for next financial year. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar:  So, in that case earlier we had targeted for EBITDA margins of close to 10% 
by FY24. So that target still remains considering the fact that your D2C 
business contribution is improving as well as branded jewellery business 
contribution, which now is about 23% and it is expected to further improve, 
and EBIDTA margin of around 15% to 16%. So, considering these factors 
should we expect margins closer to 10% by FY24? 
Sumit Shah:  
Our goal really is to get our EBITDA margins above 10%. I mean, our goal, 
medium to long term would be for our EBITDA margins to be in the 10% to 
12% range, especially as the contribution from the branded jewellery 
segment increases. So, I would expect the next financial year and going 
forward margins to definitely be higher than 10%. So, nine months of the 
current year, we're at about 9.8%. Our expectation would be definitely to be 
greater than 10% for the next financial year. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Singh from Sarath Capital 
Management.  
Gaurav Singh:  
You did mention a couple of concalls back that you're working on the 
customized orders kind of business as well. So, what percentage of business 
is coming from that right now in the quarter gone by? 
Sumit Shah:  
We did launch personalization on our Star Wars fine jewellery website. And 
it's been operational for two months or so. And we are currently seeing about 
4% to 5% contribution coming from the personalized segments. We planned 
during the current year to launch customized bridal on our Enchanted Fine 
Jewellery website, where we will offer the consumer the choice to make a 

 
Page 7 of 9 
 
ring based on their preferences, choose a colour of the metal, size of the 
diamond and various other optionalities. And we also plan to launch 
personalization on the Enchanted Fine Jewellery websites. So, in a way 
although it's small, we're encouraged with the response of the customers to 
the personalization initiatives, and we expect this business to become a 
bigger business during the current calendar year. 
Gaurav Singh:  
So, this would work on advanced payment, upfront payment and then you 
deliver within a specific period? 
Sumit Shah:  
 
That's right. 
Gaurav Singh:  
And what would be the delivery timelines for it, I mean in an order? 
Sumit Shah:  
 
Usually two weeks. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Two weeks. And you're launching new licenses now. So, what impact does 
that have on your working capital considering that you would require many 
more SKUs now you have 32 teams in NFL. So, it would require that many 
number of SKUs. So, does that increase your working capital requirements? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, in general, our branded jewellery segment is less working capital 
intensive as compared to the customer brand segment, and especially D2C is 
significantly less working capital intensive than the other businesses. So, 
while obviously, growth does come with its required set of working capital. I 
would say that the working capital intensity of the business will go down in 
the years to come and the requirement of working capital will be lower as a 
percentage of sales, as the product shifts towards the branded jewellery 
segment. 
Gaurav Singh:  
And what EBITDA margin do we do on our non-branded side of business? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, the non-branded side of the business nine months is 8.3%. And the 
branded jewellery is 15.5%. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Right. So as the branded becomes more like 50%, you get to a level of 
around 12% to 13%, would that be correct? 
Sumit Shah:  
 
That's right. 
Gaurav Singh:  
And then since you said that 50% would be in three to four years, 50% would 
be branded, what percentage of branded do you assume would be D2C at 
that point in time? 
Sumit Shah:  
So, I think within that also, we would target a 50-50 mix between wholesale 
and 
direct-to-consumer 
because 
the 
direct-to-consumer 
is 
growing 
significantly faster than the B2B segment. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Okay. So, in that case, the branded business's margins would in fact, 
increase by 17% or so? 
Sumit Shah:  
 
That’s right. 
Gaurav Singh:  
So, then D2C is 22%? 
Sumit Shah:  
 
That’s right. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Shouldn't your EBITDA margins get pulled to around 14%, then, at that 
timeline? 

 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Sumit Shah:  
So, I think that the direct-to-consumer business there's a bit of push and pull 
within there, as we go along, the margins of the D2C business should go up. 
Given that our customer acquisition costs are a little bit elevated now since 
it's a new business. So, one of the things that will expand the margins of the 
D2C business would be the lowering of customer acquisition costs as the 
number of repeat customers increases. However, we may also get into newer 
categories within the D2C space, which may fundamentally have slightly 
lower gross margins. So, as we get into more bridal and higher AOV 
products, the gross margins maybe a little bit lower. But I think structurally, 
you are right, that depending on the penetration of D2C within the branded 
jewellery space, there is a potential for margins to be higher, higher because 
of the mix shift towards a branded jewellery segment. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Okay. And in a non D2C business, which is through the large retailers, so are 
we only operating through the large retailers or are we also trying to get 
through the MOM-and-POP route as well, which would typically be higher 
margin? Do we have any share in that side of things, in the U.S. at least? 
Sumit Shah:  
We do not have distribution among the small retailers. Generally, our 
customers would be 100 stores and above. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Any plans to get into that segment because we were speaking to one of your 
peers, and they seem to be doing pretty well in that, and their margins are 
also higher in that. 
Sumit Shah:  
No, we don't have any plans to have distribution in the independent through 
the space. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Okay. And since you've spoken about price inflation on the raw material front, 
especially diamonds, any plans to get into something like a lab grown or at 
least for a part of your sourcing, which could help control a lot of your -- 
because you are scaling up your business. So, if you have significant part of 
your raw materials in house, it will help you. 
Sumit Shah:  
Yes, so we currently do sell lab-grown diamonds, it's a small business for us 
and it's definitely a focus area and one which we are trying to grow. 
Gaurav Singh:  
So, what percentage of your diamonds that you include in your jewellery will 
be lab-grown? 
Sumit Shah:  
 
Currently under 5%. 
Gaurav Singh:  
Under 5%. Any target towards that? 
Sumit Shah:  
Nothing specific, I think it's a newer business for us. I think during the course 
of this year, we'll know how that business evolves. I mean, it's definitely a 
very fast-growing area of the market and one which we want to get focused 
on. So, I think that we'll have to see how it plays out during the course of this 
year and we hope to increase percentage share of that business going 
forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I'll now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Sumit Shah:  
Thank you, everyone. I hope we've been able to answer all your questions. 
Should you need any further clarifications about the company, please feel 
free to contact our Investor Relations or the CDR team. We thank you for 
your valuable support and thank you again for joining us. 

 
Page 9 of 9 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy. 
