  
FUELING THE GROWTH 
GMDC/CS/ BSE/NSE/ 588/2022 
February 1, 2022 
  
 
 
  
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
PJ. Towers, Dalal Street 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
Script Code:532181 
Script Code: GMDCLTD 
Dear Sir, 
Subject 
: Transcript of Analysts/ Institutional Investors Meet 
We had vide our letter dated 25th January, 2022 intimated the Stock Exchanges about the schedule of 
Analysts/ Institutional Investors Meet on 28th January, 2022 at 4.00 PM IST through audio Conference Call. 
We send herewith a copy of Transcript of the said meet which took place on 28th 
January, 2022. The said 
transcript along with the audio is also uploaded on the Company's website i.e. www.gmdcitd.com. 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same on your record. 
Thanking you, 
eral Development Corporation Limited 
  
Encl : As above 
  
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Limited 
(A Government of Gujarat Enterprise) 
CIN 
: L14100GJ1963SGC001206 
“Khanij Bhavan’, 132 Ft. Ring Road, Near University Ground, Vastrapur, Anmedabad-52 
Phone 
: 2791 3200 
/ 3501 
Email: cosec@gmdcitd.com Website: www.gmdcitd.com 
 

  
FUELING THE GROWTH 
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
January 28'", 2022 
Management: 
wWPons 
Shri Roopwant Singh, IAS -- Managing Director 
Shri L. Kulshrestha -- Chief General Manager and Chief Financial Officer 
Shri Swagat Ray -- General Manager, Project Planning and Development 
Smt. A.K. lyer -- General Manager, Accounts 
Shri Joel Evans -- Company Secretary 
Page 
1 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
January 28", 2022 
  
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
| am Peter, moderator for this conference. Welcome 
to the Conference Call 
of Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Limited, arranged by 
Concept Investor Relations 
to discuss its Third Quarter and Nine Months-ended December 31, 
2021. We have with 
us today, 
Shri Roopwant 
Singh, 
IAS 
-- Managing 
Director; 
Shri 
L 
Kulshrestha 
-- Chief General Manager and Chief Financial Officer, Snri Swagat Ray -- General 
Manager, Project Planning and Development; Smt. A.K. lyer -- General Manager, Accounts; 
Shri Joel Evans -- Company Secretary. At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode. 
Later, we will conduct 
a question-and-answer session. At this time, 
if you have a question, 
please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your telephone keypad. Please note this conference is recorded. 
| 
would now 
like to hand over the floor to Shri Roopwant Singh 
-- Chairman and Managing 
Director. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Roopwant Singh: 
| would like to begin with highlighting a few brief facts. GMDC is a very old and established 
company which has presence throughout the state of Gujarat though lignite businesses is its 
mainstay. We have had a challenging year last year, but the company has come back and we 
have posted our third quarter results in the current year and the revenue at Rs.764 croresis 
the highest ever quarterly revenue. The profit before tax and after tax also 
I'll share, 
is the 
highest that 
has ever been achieved 
in 
a quarter, stands at 
Rs.220 crores. The market 
capitalization 
with 
your 
interest 
and 
active 
follow 
up 
has zoomed 
from 
approximately 
Rs.1,900 crores last year around the same time to Rs.3,900 crores today. Thank you. We 
welcome you all participants from different sectors of the financial world. We are ready to 
take your questions please. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of 
Amit Dixit with Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
| have three questions. The first one 
is with respect 
to the appointment 
of consultants to 
explore various strategic options that you highlighted in the call last time. So, just wanted to 
understand the progress on that front, specifically what are different options that have been 
identified at this stage including foray into rare earth, lithium mining or whatever 
is doing 
rounds in media. So, that 
is the first question 
if you can 
let us know the progress in this 
regard and any high level plan that has been put on the table for the management? Second 
question 
is essentially on the website you have put in that the advertisement for the post of 
advisor for bauxite sector 
for cement 
sector. 
So, just wanted 
to understand 
the broad 
strategy 
in both these division. Cement, of course, we don't know bauxite, the division 
is 
there, but so far 
it has not picked up, so 
if you can highlight what sort of strategic intent 
is 
Page 2 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Roopwant Singh: 
Anupma K. lyer: 
Amit Dixit: 
there for this like three year plan or five year plan? The third question 
is more operational- 
related. This time we saw the tax rate is quite high and 
it has been lumpy,in first quarter tax 
rate was 16.4%, in the second quarter is 31.8%. So what would be the full year tax rate, how 
do we model it? 
Amit, 
| will begin with the first answer. We are clear GMDC on its journey towards the reform 
path. We have appointed Boston Consulting Group (BOG) as our strategic advisor for GMDC 
Corporation. And this was brought to the notice of the board also 
in the meeting that was 
held yesterday. We have certain concerns where we lose some revenue, that 
is our thermal 
power plant to bring that back on track. And to solve that 
issue, we have appointed AT 
Kearney as our advisor to help us make a better decision on the way forward. As far as the 
third strategic foray 
is concerned, that we are doing in partnership with the Government 
of 
Gujarat. 
We 
have 
requested Government 
of 
Gujarat 
Mineral 
Research 
& 
Development 
Society to help us there where in GMDC in partnership with GMRDS has brought out an RFP 
which 
is in the final stages of being concluded, which 
will 
help 
us steer 
in that journey 
towards developing 
rare earth 
and making Gujarat 
rare earth 
hub. And for the second 
question, you would have seen advertisements for 
a consultant 
for cement and bauxite. 
Bauxite, yes, is one of the sectors that we deal in, but we want to capture appropriate value 
for all the effort that we put in. We have significant amounts of slightly short of million tons 
of unsold inventory plus whatever we generate 
is not readily tradable. So, to improve the 
credibility and desire for that product, we are getting best 
in sector advice. And as far as the 
cement 
is concerned, as far as our existing lignite projects in touch and for the upcoming 
lignite projects, which we had spoken about earlier and you had written in great detail about 
them 
also, there 
is a significant inter-burden or overburden you can say of limestone, we 
want to channelize, capitalize on that opportunity. Those are huge, huge reserves. So to take 
the right step forward, we are building in-house capacities. And for the tax rate operations; | 
would request our General Manager, Accounts, Mrs. Anupma lyer to answer that question. 
Good evening, Mr. Amit. Thisis Anupma lyer. Actually, in the first and second quarter, almost 
is our 50% of the profits from the windmill. So, all business are under ATIA. So we are getting 
tax exemptions from that. 50% of our PBT from renewable energy and all are exempted in the 
income tax act. During the current quarter, profit before tax is Rs.220 crores, only Rs.9 crore 
is from renewable energy. So rest of the amount is the tax payable. That's 
why this tax rate is 
high during the current quarter. 
&, just wanted to understand on the cement side that what 
is the capacity that you are 
contemplating? And similarly, in case of bauxite, when you Say that 
it is not readily tradable, 
is it the problem with the grade or anything else? The second one 
is also the first part that 
you mentioned developing rare earth with GMRDS &, 
if there's some capacity that we have 
thought about, what are the rare earth, is it possible to throw some more light on that? And 
also, if lithium is also in the radar? 
Page 3 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Roopwant Singh: 
As far as bauxite is concerned, answer is very simple, the deposits in Kutch is slightly different 
from what we get 
in the eastern part of the country. The industry 
is more geared towards 
absorbing back. So, we end up with a lot of unsold stock which goes classified as NPG, which 
is certain lower grade 
of alumina. 
So, we want 
to take 
a call 
on that 
how 
it could be 
beneficiated or 
it could be traded to the right people. For the (inaudible) 
and the lithium 
thing, Amit, please hold, we shall be coming back to you once we are able to speak more 
authoritatively on that. 
The second question 
is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers after a gap of four, five years for GMDC. &, 
| 
think there are multiple projects that we are working currently apart from the lignite side. So, 
you talked about 
a bit on the rare earth where you say that you need some time to talk 
authoritatively on that, but the other projects like Fluorspar project and Multi-Metal project, 
if you could throw some light on them will be really helpful that when we can see some ramp 
up in the Huorgpar project and Multi-Metal project and could be visible on our profit & loss 
account that will be helpful. One more question on the lignite pricing side, like off late, we 
have seen the global international prices have gone up to almost let's say $160 that what we 
formally import in our country for 6,000 GCV. So, how is this pricing done? Every 15""day, we 
are increasing 5% for our customers. So, in terms of some sort of understanding that how are 
we pricing our lignite and once we see some sort of fall 
in the international prices, how are 
we going to tackle that situation and what 
is the exit strategy for pricing the lignite to the 
domestic consumers? 
| have gone through your site where you have mentioned that the 
number of customers have gone up from almost 600 customers last quarter to almost close 
to 1,200 customers right now. So, exactly what is happening on that side and why such a sort 
of demand has come up suddenly and whether 
it 
is sustainable both from a volume and the 
pricing perspective; so, if you could guide on that will be really helpful. 
&, 
I'll begin with the first. These two projects, Huorspar and Ambaji Multi-Metal projects 
have been expensive or cost centers for us and they have resulted into just being expense 
centers. They are both very ambitious projects, especially Ambaji Multi-Metal project. We 
shall be able to speak more authoritatively on 
it say in six months from now. We have begun 
work at a very initial stage. So, 
it would not be appropriate to comment there. As far as the 
Flourspar plant 
is concerned, we are going to take the 
call on reviving mining and reviving the 
plant. Thisis also very close to the potential REE deposits. So, you should see more activity on 
the Fuorspar 
in the coming 
six months. 
For Ambaji Multi-Metal projects, please wait 
for 
some time. Lignite pricing, yes,;what has been the achievement of the past four months is a 
greater awareness 
at GMDC of 
three, 
four factors 
-- global 
pricing 
and they're being 
imported, the stocks currently lying there, the rates available for different grades in different 
parts of the state --so, all these things are taken into account and whenever our allocation 
cycle comes, so whatever the price rise happens, you would have noticed 
it 
is not usually a 
Page 4 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
dash Shah: 
Roopwant Singh: 
dash Shah: 
Roopwant Singh: 
floor rise, 
it 
is generally directed towards a certain category or acertain plant project from 
where 
it 
is sourced. Global prices peaked in October, flattened out in December and in early 
January, and now there 
is again 
an 
uptick. 
So, even 
if there’s a correction, we hope that 
there'll be anew normal. And again, we are committed to serving the small and middle sector 
of industries in the Qate of Gujarat, and our prices are still significantly competitive to those, 
while at the same time, not damaging the prospects 
of CMDC. 
The BCG which has been already on board with us, so, 
if you could broadly guide us because 
we have been tracking GM DC, 
| think for alast decade or so. And the last time also, the bigger 
issue was that whatever cash flows that was getting generated from the business, were 
diverted to wind power, where ROEs are pretty sub-optimal and that was the precise reason 
for the very dismal stock performance also, because we were not able to generate the kind of 
ROEs that we should ideally have been, but this time, 
| think you have taken completely 
altogether a different route and the financial consultant 
is on board to guide you where you 
should put the money. What isthe broader strategy and what sort of responsibilities 
this BOG 
will be having and what sort 
of investments which will see the balance sheet 
is close to 
Rs. 1,200 crores kind of cash, which could be utilized for these upcoming projects, so, 
if you 
could guide on both sides will be really appreciated by the analyst community? 
Bajrang, we have on boarded BCG yesterday. So, even the contract 
is yet to be signed. So, 
please give us more time. By the next quarter, we'll be able to say something more on how 
good our choice was and what kind of value they're bringing us. You have made a very well 
founded point as to where the reserves of the company need to be deployed, what kind of 
ROE they generate. We have had a good history of generating better ROEs from our mining, 
initially it was metals, then 
it went to non-metals, now, we want to deepen both, because we 
have our own experience whereby we can generate better ROEs. S, the capital 
will 
be 
deployed towards abetter return. 
The next question is from the line of Jash Shah with Value Quest Investment Advisory. Please 
go ahead. 
We've seen considerable rise in price in lignite in this quarter and we also took aprice hike on 
the 1st of January. Do we see another high in revenue in Q4 as well? 
Obviously. 
So 
| just started tracking the company. So, just one question. We also took a price hike in Q3 
as well, right? 
Yes. 
Page 5 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Moderator: 
Abhinav Khandelwal: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Abhinav Khandelwal: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Riken Gopani: 
Roopwant Singh: 
The next question 
is from Abhinav Khandelwal from Mahindra Manulife Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
When you added this 600 customers in last quarter, these customers would have come asthe 
coal availability from Coal India would have been 
a problem. So, just wanted to have your 
views, let's say 
if the non-FSA Coal India availability improves and how confident we are of 
these customers picking up the volumes, just trying to have a view of your thoughts on this? 
You have a point and these people have gravitated towards us, most 
of these people are 
small and middle level of enterprises. Most of their needs are met principally from GMDC and 
from imported Indonesian and now lately Australian 
coal. And the way their furnaces are 
designed, they use 
a blended mix of them 
to the requirements of the machines and to 
achieve the desired calorific value. Yes, 
if the international coal prices is up, there will be a 
certain reflection on 
it, but not to that extent, because at the moment since we have limited 
supply and more number of consumers, so everybody gets a pro rata cut 
in their quota. S, 
we will be able to do better justice to the customers. And many of these new customers 
which have been added have been our earlier customers also which had gone dormant. 
So, we don't compete on let's say from the Coal India supplies, we are competing with the 
international imported coal? 
No, we don't. 
The next question is from Riken Gopani from Capri Global. Please go ahead. 
First question 
is with regards to the potential capital outlay that you would intend to do 
across the projects that are in the pipeline. While some are more at the drawing board stage 
and with the consultant, they may be detailed out, but let's say projects related to bauxite or 
cement, are there any CAPEX numbers that you could outline on that? The second question is 
with regards to the overall lignite pricing. So, 
if you could give me the average realization the 
exit realization for Q3, and what would be the current realization on an average,that's on the 
realization front? And the third question ison the thermal power plant. 
| understand that the 
PLF in Q3 was about 30% and there was a marginal loss that you reported for the quarter and 
Q4 you are trending towards 60%-plus kind of PLF. So, as you move towards this PLF, how do 
you see the profitability of the thermal power plant shape up, 
if you could sort of give some 
outlook 
on that front? 
| have answered the questions on capital outlay a number of times, but 
I'll still repeat them. 
Though we have reserves, but 
in 
light 
of the projects that we are chasing, they would be 
used. For example, we will be principally concentrating on the six new lignite projects and 
each project would have an initial kickoff outlay of Rs.200 to 250 crores. As far as the Bauxite 
project 
is concerned there we would not be making a 
significant capital investment, they 
Page 6 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Riken Gopani: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Riken Gopani: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Riken Gopani: 
Roopwant Singh: 
A Klyer: 
Riken Gopani: 
Anupma K. lyer: 
Riken Gopani: 
Roopwant Singh: 
would be smaller ones, but they would have a lot 
of effect on the revenue we realize from 
bauxite. Delving into the topic of cement, that is still at a nascent stage and we would like to 
comment on 
it slightly later. Number two on your lignite pricing, you want to know what the 
realizations 
are and how they're going to pan out in the fourth quarter, isthat the question? 
Yeah, the exact realization in Q3 that you've achieved and what isthe current realization? 
From lignite, 
if in percentage terms from 
a year-to-year basis, on the lignite, we are up 72%in 
quantity and 
in sales, we are up 128%. As far as Q3 realizations were concerned, they were 
good, and they are the result of the price revisions that we have been taking from August to 
September, October, November and December. So, now this is anew normal and now you're 
much 
good 
at numbers than 
me, 
so, just 
realize that 
all those corrections and with 
a 
resurgent price of imported coal, how fourth quarter would pan out. 
| cannot comment too 
many on numbers, but 
| have given you the key. 
Just one number there 
if you could sort of highlight, is that what isthe exit realization in Q3 
If 
you can sort of help us with? 
The realization in Q3, revenue from operations is Rs.1,675 crores compared to Rs.773 crores 
of previous year. 
Actually, what 
| meant was exit meaning not the full quarter number, but let's say what you 
would have achieved as a realization 
at the end 
of the quarter 
in the 
last month 
of the 
quarter or so, because the average is what you would have realized in the reported numbers? 
Profit before tax in mining would be Rs.258 crores for the nine months now. 
Revenue from mining is Rs.697 crores and PBT is Rs.204 crores. 
For the quarter. And Ma'am, 
if you could just 
tell me what 
is the 
exit 
realization for the 
mining business 
at the end of Q3? 
Rs.697 crores. 
Maybe if you could just also the address the question on the power plant? 
If you could send us a mail, we will reply to this question. We'll send you a sheet the different 
formulation. As far as thermal power plant is concerned, yes, we were at 30% because one of 
the turbines was not working. That turbine is now back. So, we will be burning less of cash. 
It 
was negative cash tender for us. There was daily cash burn. We hope to reduce 
it. And as 
mentioned earlier to an earlier trend, we have on boarded AT Kearney. So 
in the coming 
three to six months, we hope to resolve this issue also. 
Page 7 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Riken Gopani: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Jayesh Shah: 
If you could sort of articulate some numbers here, so from a loss that you've reported in the 
current quarter, because of 30% PLF and only one boiler being functional, when you reach a 
60%,would you 
be 
at 
least 
a breakeven 
or you would be profitable, what would be the 
directional trend? 
Profitability would require 
us to go slightly higher 
in the range 
of 65% to 70% PLF. 
But 
because of the shutdown and the damages that happened to the plant, we would not like to 
run full steam and we'd like to play it cautiously in this quarter. Pushing machinery to its limit 
may have slight consequences, because you have to put in some capital expenditure there. So 
we will be taking a call on the heavy capital expenditure after our advisor advises us in the 
right direction. 
The next question isfrom Ashish Kejriwal with Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
&, 
| have two questions. One is, obviously you told it’s too early to talk about rare earth, but 
my question 
is, in times to come, how can we see rare earth as apercentage of our revenue 
because besides lignite, whatever we have done so far, whether it’s power, wind power or 
power plant, thermal power, that's very insignificant as compared to overall lignite. So, how 
do we see rare earth as apercentage of overall revenue whenever you take it up? The second 
question is for thermal power plant, we have seen since ages 
| think for last 10 years, despite 
appointing Capco and others, we are unable to turn around. So is it possible to shut the plant 
so that 
at least the cash burns, which we have been doing every now and then that will 
completely go off? 
So 
I'll answer the second question first, Ashish. We are exploring all options right down from 
scrapping the plan to its revival. So, the entire spectrum will be analyzed, but since capital to 
the tune of Rs. 1,600 crores has gone into this plant over a period of time and 
it is a significant 
and a big capitalized asset, we would like to take a better decision. So, we have onboarded 
the sector best firm on this and hopefully by next quarter, we will be able to take an informed 
decision 
in the board. And, there are fundamental reasons why this plant has not been 
working well 
and why 
it 
has been 
a pain 
point. One 
of them 
is the power purchase 
agreement. GMDC is also in the process of engaging with GUVNL to renegotiate some of its 
terms. As far as ROE is concerned, 
| would again like to beg your forgiveness. Please give us 
time to come back on this. But broadly at GMDC, we now have a vision of ensuring that near 
to 50% of our revenues come from non-lignite business so that we are future proof and we 
are more ecologically sustainable also. 
The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah with Ohm Portfolio Equity Research. Please 
go ahead. 
| have two questions. Going back to the previous participant, 
| just want to know what was 
the average 
lignite 
price 
for the entire third quarter and what was the price 
by 31st 
Page 8 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jayesh Shah: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jayesh Shah: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Jayesh Shah: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Roopwant Singh: 
December? And the second question 
is 
| thought that we operated 
at higher PLF in third 
quarter for the thermal plant over the second quarter. But the profitability 
is less. So, am 
| 
missing something? And can you also explain how much have you overall written off in terms 
of impairment for the power plant, which is part of some note to account? 
December end average weight price would be 
in the range of Rs.2,100 and before that 
it 
would be Rs.2,000. 
Would you also tell us the price for September-end? 
We were burning cash at that point of time; it was in the range of Rs.1,500. 
And now on the power plant? 
Yes,it 
is a pain point for us and we are suffering principally on account 
of very harsh PPA 
where very stringent bombs have been pushed down on us and we are trying to correct that 
mistake fundamentally by renegotiating the PPA. That 
is currently being at 
a high 
level of 
discussion with the GUVNL Hopefully, we will some see some light on that day. 
What was the total amount written off till now? There is some note on the impairments. Up 
till now up to 1,600 crores, how much is totally written off? 
Around Rs.394 crores. 
The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna with Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
If you could throw some light on our manganese ore project where we have entered into a V 
with MOIL India. 
So, 
| think there are multiple opportunities that we are looking 
at this 
juncture. And 
if you could throw some light on that will be helpful? And as far as cement 
is 
concerned, just one worrying aspect that we are bringing to your notice is that cement plant 
is completely a different business from the mining business that we are really into 
at this 
point of time and that requires huge investments also and since we are earmarking couple of 
projects on the mining side, the cash that we are having right now will be adjusted there and 
it should not happen that we are bringing debt on our books, which will further strain our 
return ratios profile. So, just a humble request and some concern from our side 
if you could 
take this into consideration and 
if we directly sell this limestone to the cement plants, 
| think 
that will be our core business where we are currently into and will not jeopardize our future 
prospects from the mining side? 
Bajrang, for the joint venture with MOIL we won't be commenting on that because the MoU 
needs to be further structured for us to move forward, we were waiting for the strategic 
advisor to be on boarded and we shall be replying to 
it 
after we have had the round 
of 
consultations with our strategic advisors. Your concerns on the cement are true and well- 
Page 9 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Moderator: 
Ravindranath Naik: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Ravindranath Naik: 
Anupma K. lyer: 
Ravindranath Naik: 
founded. But, 
| must inform you that these are not cement mines, these are lignite mines and 
limestone occurs only as an intermediary layer. So, 
it is overburdened. S, 
it 
is an attempt to 
capitalize on a mineral which would otherwise be wasted. 
We would request you to put out that average realization part because 
| think the number 
that you spoke about are not going exactly with our calculation, because 
last quarter the 
volume was 2.24 million tonnesthat were put out on our portal and... 
What 
| will do is, if you could just send me a mail, 
| would revert with the average weight cost 
which we calculate every fortnight and we'll share with you. 
That will be helpful. 
If you could put up that in the exchanges also, 
| think all the participants 
will be benefited by that. 
I'll frame the question. 
I'll send it to you sir. 
The next question is from Ravindranath Naik from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Three questions. One is that what 
is the volume guidance for F¥22. And you mentioned that 
your average realization 
is Rs.2,100 for lignite. 
If 
| calculate, 
it 
is not matching So, for that 
matter, can you please give the breakup of the sale of different minerals in this quarter so 
that we can calculate properly the lignite realization? And second thing is why the renewable 
generation 
is low 
as compared 
to the previous years? 
So, 
can 
you 
please answer that 
question 
it will be helpful? And, what is the sale of different power projects if you can dwell 
upon that, that 
will 
be helpful? And there 
is a write-back on the inter-segment 
of 15% 
growth. What 
is that pertains to? And lastly, 
if the current realization will continue, then you 
will be ending up in Rs.400 to 500 crores of operating cash flow. So, what is the proper CAPEX 
guidance for this year 
if you can throw some light upon that, 
it will be helpful sir? 
I'll start with your last question first. CAPEX guidance for next year, we have significant and 
ambitious plans in light of operationalizing the new lignite projects and in light of expanding 
the capacities that are available for our Bhavnagar and Tadkeshwar projects, most of the 
capital expenditure would be going in that direction. 
Could you please quantify the CAPEXnumber? 
CAPEX would be around Rs.600 crores, out of that Rs.450 crores will be in the acquired land 
for the new projects 
as well as for the existing project. 
What is the write-back related and other few questions regarding the low generation of the 
renewable energy and what 
is the volume guidance? Different minerals, 
if you can provide, 
that would be helpful? 
Page 10 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Anupma K. lyer: 
Ravindranath Naik: 
Anupma K. lyer: 
Ravindranath Naik: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Ravindranath Naik: 
Anupma K. lyer: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Roopwant Singh: 
If you send us a mail, we will give provide you the mineral wise turnover. Renewables, the 
third quarter is the lowest one, first and second quarters are the highest ones as for the wind 
benefit. 
S, despite the thermal power generation this quarter as compared to previous quarter, S, 
she profitability in this power projects has come down, that isthe reason? 
Yeah, losses have come down because of the increase in PLF. 
No, no, I'm just asking you the power project EBIT. 
It has gone down from Rs.7.2 croresto 3.5 
crores this quarter. So, isthe reason that the renewable energy generation is low? 
Yes. 
What is the write back of Rs.15.6 croresin this segment pertains to? 
It was lignite transfer from our mines to power plant. 
The next question isfrom Ashish Kejriwal with Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
My question 
is on lignite volume. We are investing 
in 
six new projects. S, is it possible to 
guide us the kind of volume trajectory which we are seeing for next three years and 
if any of 
these new projects will come 
into 
it? Another question 
is as of now, whatever existing 
projects 
are, 
is 
it 
safe 
to 
say that 
our 
cost 
has peaked 
out 
over there and whatever 
incremental realization increase will be there, that will be beneficial for us? 
| will answer the first question. Yes, in the coming three years, you should see us handling a 
bigger share of the Gujarat market. Currently, the Gujarat market for this kind of fuel, lignite 
and imported coal 
is in the range of 24 
- 27 million tonnes. We are able to cater to over 
different years.We have catered to 
it 
in the range of 6-9 million tonnes. With our existing 
projects, we have an ambitious target 
of reaching 10 million tonnes. And of course, 
in the 
coming three years, these new projects would significantly add to the capacity. 
I'll not be ina 
position to answer 
it now, but 
| would be in a position to answer 
it more confidently in the 
coming quarters on when, how much capacity would be added because there are many steps 
to be cleared till they become operational. 
S&S, you're talking about the new projects for that. For existing from 8 to 10, where this output 
will come in by F¥25 or 
it can come in..? 
For the 
next 
financial 
year, 
as we 
have 
said 
earlier, 
and principally 
it 
will 
be from 
our 
Bhavnagar and Tadkeshwar projects. 
Page 11 of 12

  
FUELING THE GHOWTH 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
Roopwant Singh: 
Moderator: 
For the existing capacity and the movement we are going from 8 to 10,are we seeing any cost 
escalation 
in 
any 
of 
our mines? Why 
I'm 
asking 
is that because 
of that, whatever price 
increase we take 
in lignite, will that be directly going into the bottom line? 
Only one, the Rajpardi project because we are mining at great depths, the stripping ratio 
is 
high, but then again 
it 
is still viable because it 
is a very good quality product, highest calorific 
value project, but the volumes are very low. So we are able to sustain it. 
Maybe you say cost has peaked out? 
Cost has peaked out. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this ends our question-and-answer session. 
| would now like to hand 
the call back over to Shri. Roopwant Singh for his closing comments. 
Thank you, friends. 
If 
| could recount 
a few names, Amit 
ji, Bajrang ji, Jayesh 
ji, Abhinav ji, 
Riken ji,thank you so much for these questions and they were in fact very insightful and very 
deep questions as if you have a very deep understanding of the company. Certain questions 
we were not able to answer especially in the REE domain and exact capacities when we will 
be adding, because we would like to present a clearer picture to the world. So, 
| begged your 
pardon in that. Rest, 
if this quarter has been good, please look at the next quarter, we should 
do good numbers. And 
next year we have an ambitious target 
to the existing projects. 
Hopefully, we will meet again and we are able to 
live to our commitments. Thank you so 
much. 
Thank you all for being a part of the conference call. 
If you need any further information or 
clarification, please e-mail at gaurav.g@conceptpr.com Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes 
your conference for today. Thank you for using ChorusCall Conferencing Services. You may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a pleasant day. 
Page 12 of 12
