 Nuvoco Vistas Corp. Ltd. 
Registered Office: Equinox Business Park, Tower-3, East Wing, 4th Floor, LBS Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai 400070 
Tel: +91(0) 22 66306511 | Fax: +91 (0)22 66306510 | website: www.nuvoco.com | CIN-L26940MH1999PLC118229 
Ref. No.: Sec/162/2021-22 
February 11, 2022 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543334 
Scrip ID: NUVOCO 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C–1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: NUVOCO 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Investor and Analyst Conference Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2021 
Further to our letters Sec/155/2021-22 dated February 4, 2022 and Sec/160/2021-22 dated February 9, 
2022, attached herewith is the transcript of the Investor and Analyst Conference Call held on February 
10, 2022 pertaining to the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2021.  
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at www.nuvoco.com. 
This is for your information and records, please. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
Shruta Sanghavi 
SVP and Company Secretary  

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited  
Q3 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Gavin Desa:  
Good day everyone, and thank you for joining us on Nuvoco Vistas 
Corporation Limited Q3 and nine months FY22 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today, Ms. Madhumita Basu – the Chief of Strategy & 
Marketing, who will represent the company on this call. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made or 
discussed on the call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed 
in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. The company does 
not undertake to update them. A statement in this regard is available for 
reference in the presentation shared with you earlier. We will now begin the 
call with opening remarks from Ms. Basu who will share perspective of the 
business model and strategy for the company. Post which, we will have the 
forum open for an interactive Q&A session. 
I now invite Ms. Madhumita Basu to share her views, over to you. 
Madhumita Basu:  
Thank you, Gavin. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to 
the Q3 earnings call of Nuvoco Vistas. I sincerely hope that you and your 
family are safe and healthy. Since this is the first time we are meeting in the 
new year, I have to take the opportunity to wish you and your families all 
the best for the year 2022. 
Let me start with the overall cement industry situation in the country. As 
you all know this quarter witnessed a double whammy, where on the one 
side the industry was impacted by weak demand while on the other hand, 
increase in fuel prices with the industry margins. Cement demand during 
quarter three is estimated to have shrunk by 4% on a y-o-y basis. But the 
high demand of cement in East India where we have the major part of our 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
operating territory. Cement demand is east, estimated to have declined by 
16% on y-o-y basis. 
We faced a slew of unthinkable challenges. First there was a transportation 
strike in Chhattisgarh, followed by a delayed withdrawal of monsoon and 
flood conditions in Bengal and Orissa. Finally, we faced a sand mining 
issue in Bihar, which got resolved only as we went into the first couple of 
weeks in the month of December. It was only in late December that we 
started witnessing a pickup in cement demand. 
As we entered the month of October on the pricing front, we saw a visible 
improvement in sentiment and undertook price hikes in October. However, 
with the depressed demand condition continuing these price increases we 
saw rolling back towards the end of November and early December. Due to 
the late recovery in demand in the Q3 quarter, we did not get an 
opportunity to reinstate further price increases. Overall, during Q3 FY22, 
there was an estimated 6% Y-O-Y increase on our pan India basis. Price 
increases in north and east are slightly muted at 3% and 4% respectively. 
Taking a look at the Q4 outlook. Currently, we are witnessing good traction 
in the market in the seasonally strong quarter. And given the pent-up 
demand of Q2 & Q3. We believe overall Q4 should witness strong demand 
recovery compared to last quarter. And with the potential clinker shortage, 
there will be an opportunity to take price correction. We could take price 
hike about Rs. 30 to 50 per bag across markets in East in the month of 
January. Further in February 20 there has been an increase of Rs. 20 
which is currently under stabilization. In North which has witnessed a more 
stable pricing condition, prices have gone up by Rs. 10 per bag in the 
month of January. 
On a more medium-term basis, we are looking positively at the industry. 
The Union budget has set a very positive scope. The 35% increase in 
CapEx for FY23 is heartening and will provide the necessary trust or a 
much-needed infrastructure growth in India. Government's continued focus 
on schemes like PM Gati Shakti, the necessary impetus to national 
highways, gramin sadak yojana, metro rail projects and Awas Yojana hover 
well for the industry demand in the coming quarters. 
On the cost front, as you all know, the increase in fuel prices have kicked 
the industry hard in the last couple of quarters. Average coal price is 
doubled and pet coke 180% y-o-y increase. While coal supply is now 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
improving, we do not see much of a net up in the cost units in the coming 
couple of quarters. Secondly, the high diesel prices and transporters strike 
in Chhattisgarh led to an upside on freight costs. 
Moving on to our key focus areas and our internal lever, I would like to 
recap that we were looking at an EBITDA improvement of Rs. 250 per ton 
by FY23. I would like to mention that despite heavy macro headwind, we 
constantly worked on the levers which were under our control and continue 
to derive value from there. In the nine-month period of FY22, we achieved 
an incremental a beta of Rs. 167 per ton on y-o-y basis, which is already 
ahead of our Rs. 150 target for the year. 
Just to recap, under internal focus areas, we are working on five main 
levers. One is CPP and WHR related possible cost reduction, second price 
acceleration program, third reduction in fixed cost, fourth project sprint, and 
fifth incentive. Just to elaborate on our flagship project sprint, which is 
focused on building synergies between Nuvoco Vistas and NU Vistas 
operations. We have a project under various buckets like clinker rerouting, 
procurement strategies, introducing concreteo and PCC and adopting the 
best practices of both companies. 
I would like to take a pause at this moment and share with you our growth 
plans. I hope this will bring cheer to all of you. We have been regularly 
engaging with our investors and analysts’ community and have received 
pushback to revisit our northern region plan. It gives me pleasure to share 
with you our CapEx program. We are in the process of augmenting our 
cement volume availability by approximately 2.4 million tonnes per annum. 
To achieve this we are already on track on the ongoing debottlenecking 
projects in Risda and Nimbol. In addition to this, we are upgrading our 
blending unit at Bhiwani, Haryana to a grinding unit. 
We see the Haryana Government incentive program valid through till 2026 
as a strong reason to strengthen our base in Haryana. Also, with the 
introduction of our double bull brands successfully in the market of North 
and our existing channels and our dual branch strategy, we are very 
positive about the opportunity to grow in the northern markets. The 
debottlenecking and upgradation projects will collectively involve a CapEx 
of Rs. 400 crore.  

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Demonstrating our commitment was sustainability and reduction in carbon 
footprint. We are also setting up alternate fuel material handling facilities at 
Risda and Nimbol cement plant at an approximate capex of Rs. 50 crore. 
Thirdly, an update on the Gulbarga expansion. We will be putting up a 6000 
TPD clinker capacity in phase one of the project which architecture for 
higher capacity upgrade. Gulbarga plans will help us to cater to the 
Maharashtra market. We already have operational limestone mine to serve 
the requirement of this facility. The ground-breaking for expansion project is 
set for FY23 with an approximate capex of Rs. 1500 crore. 
I will now move on to give you an overview of our RMC and MBM business. 
I am happy to announce that both businesses are regaining growth. RMC 
business has witnessed a healthy volume growth of 34% on y-o-y basis 
during Q3. 
We now have 54 operational plants pan India. We have set up new plants 
in the last quarter - Numaligarh in Assam, Miyapur in Telangana and Vapi 
in Gujarat. I am happy to share that we are actively contributing to India's 
growth by becoming a part of the upcoming high speed railway project. 
Revenues from MBM business has also shown a healthy growth at 36% on 
y-o-y basis. 
Moving on to an overview of the financial performance of the company, in 
Q3 FY22 despite severe headwinds, we were able to improve our trade 
ratio to 75% while premium product share at 32%. While the Q3 FY22 saw 
a decline in volumes y-o-y by 13%, on a nine-month basis cement sales 
volume improved by 6%. 
We continue to remain focused on our price acceleration program, high 
trade share and premiumization enable us to beat the price fluctuations in 
the market. When the market prices in North and East estimated at a 3 to 
4% increase in Q3 compared to last year, our blended NODT per ton 
increased by about 8% y-o-y. Our revenues for the first nine months of FY 
22 improved by 17% y-o-y to Rs. 6,388 crore on the backs of higher 
volume and increased NODT per ton. 
On the cost front, I stated earlier that the industry was severely impacted by 
power and fuel costs. Our power and fuel cost rose up to 1,285 per ton 
increasing by 50% on y-o-y basis, primarily due to inflated coal and 
Petcoke prices, which went up by a factor of two and lower availability of 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
linkage coal in Q3. As you all are aware, we have a unique advantage of up 
to 30% linkage coal in eastern part of the country against which we were 
able to source only 12% of linkage coal in Q3. The positive news is our 
linkage coal has resumed since late December 21, which will have 
moderating our power and fuel cost in the coming quarter. We shall also be 
focused on driving our WHR and CPP capacities which were muted in Q3. 
The freight costs were impacted primarily with high diesel prices, increase 
in freight and rake shortage impacting our clinker moment. Our distribution 
costs did see an impact of 11% y-o-y to Rs. 1,371 per ton. Our 
consolidated EBIDTA for the quarter stood at Rs. 242 crore, despite being 
a difficult macro situation in the last couple of quarters and continuous 
headwinds from inflated cost and weak demand. Our EBIDTA for the first 
nine months improved by 3% y-o-y to Rs. 1,102 crore. 
We remain committed to prioritizing deleveraging by looking at a steady 
growth. Our net debt has fallen by Rs. 1,235 crore in the nine months 
period to Rs. 5,495 crore. We are also working towards improving our cost 
of capital. I am happy to say that our average cost of borrowing has 
substantially reduced by 165 bps from December 20’ to a current running 
rate of 6.68% in January. We are recently refinance loans of about Rs. 850 
crore at a substantially lower interest rates. Our continuous efforts to work 
with providers a benefit in the subsequent quarters. With regard to IPO 
proceeds deployment, we have over Rs. 700 crore of proceeds which is 
intended for debt repayment. These loans will be maturing in March and 
will be paid as such. 
Coming to the sustainability project, which continues to be a key agenda of 
the company. We expect to get the external validation completed on our 
carbon footprint baseline in the current quarter Q4 FY22. And a detailed 
roadmap to reduce carbon emissions is in the process. I would however 
like to reiterate; we are on an accelerated pace on all key levers for carbon 
footprint reduction. Firstly, all of our kilns are equipped with WHR and we 
are one of the best in the industry with around 2:1 power to cement ratio. 
We have given good thrust to the alternate fuel projects and I have already 
mentioned to you our investment plans in this regard. This quarter we 
witnessed a further improvement in AFR from 4% to 6%. I am happy to 
mention that our Chittor cement plant has achieved 20% alternate fuel rate 
during this quarter. On the green footprint, our PCC volumes have 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
increased eight times on q-o-q basis. This has enabled us to improve our C 
by K  ratio to 1.8x. 
With this, I would just like to summarize that we remain focused on factors 
which are under our control. Despite the heavy macro headwinds that the 
industry has been facing, we remain committed to our premiumization 
program. We continue to improve our trade share. We were able to deliver 
Rs. 167 per ton incremental EBITDA of beating our internal levers 
budgeted programs. Our alternate fuel rates improved to 6%, with Chittor 
cement plant achieving 20% AFR. Net debt declined by Rs. 1,235 crore 
since March 21. A substantial reduction in our cost of borrowings with 
refinancing of loans. While the benefit of these initiatives is getting offset by 
some of the cost increases, with the improvement in demand in Q4, we 
remain bullish on the performance. Further in line with our expectations, we 
have announced expansion projects primarily targeting Northern and 
Western markets. We are continuing to invest in sustainability programs 
and committed to reducing our carbon footprint. 
With this, I would like to end the contents from my part and open the floor 
for questions. Wishing you all the best, stay safe. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen. We will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Amit 
Murarka from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Murarka:  
What are the kinds of covenants that you would be having in place for the 
debt? I mean in terms of net debt, EBITDA and those kinds of would there 
be some covenants in place? 
Madhumita Basu:  
Could we take this question one on one with you at a later time? 
Amit Murarka:  
Okay. Sure. And in terms of the synergy benefit, you mentioned that 167 
per ton in the synergy that you have kind of unlocked so far. So, the 
reported EBITDA per ton is close to around 530 - 540. So, like, if you 
exclude the number of actual EBITDA excluding synergy comes to let 360, 
370. So, is there a right way to read that? 
Madhumita Basu:  
So, we would like to focus on the two parts to our EBITDA Improvement 
Program. We had mentioned internal lever through which we were looking 
at it to Rs. 250 per ton improvement by FY22. These internal levers are all 
specifically driven projects. And we have already realized Rs. 167 per ton 
against the target of Rs. 150 per ton for the current year. Part 2 of the 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
EBITDA improvement is the part we have found challenged in Q2 and Q3, 
that is, we have budgeted for a 5% increase y-o-y on cost front. Cost 
increases have been above this factor. Further given the market conditions 
in Q3, we were not able to recover the cost impact from the market. So, 
these are additional levers which we see improvement in some measure 
with the demand improving in Q4 of this year. 
Amit Murarka:  
No, I appreciate that. I understand it was a tough market in Q3. Just looking 
to tally the numbers, you mentioned that 157/t has been to synergy gained 
so far. But if we exclude that when we're actually from the reported 
numbers, and the number comes to over 370 odd in terms of excluding 
synergy EBITDA, so I was just checking, is that the right way to look at it? 
Or am I missing something here from that front? 
Madhumita Basu:  
I think you're making a fundamental mismatch here, Rs. 570 is the Q3, 
EBIDTA per ton. So, if you're netting on 167, you should be netting it off 
from the running EBIDTA per ton of 895. 
Amit Murarka:  
Okay, okay. 167 is the run rate, right, what you mentioned. 
Madhumita Basu:  
Yes, absolutely. 167 is the nine-month cumulative rate. 
Amit Murarka:   
Okay, okay. Fine, thank you. That’s all. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Girish Choudhary from Spark Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Girish Choudhary:  
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. Firstly, on the CapEx, 
what we are seeing that in light of the special in the East Market, pricing 
and profitability and with more capacities slated to come in the region. 
What would be your stance on the Greenfield CapEx? Are you thinking of 
deferring this? Just wanted to understand the risk management on the 
balance sheet side. Does it make sense to pause, de-lever the balance 
sheet and then maybe restart the capex? 
Madhumita Basu:  
In FY23 all CapEx will be advanced, but for Gulbarga which will get 
activated in Q3, Q4, of FY23. 
Girish Choudhary:  
So, what would be the breakup of CapEx let's say in FY23 and FY24? 
Madhumita Basu:  
FY 23 the capex breakout will be roughly Rs. 500 crore for Gulbarga. We 
will be taking this Rs. 400 crore investment in debottlenecking Risda, 
Nimbol and Rs. 50 crore in our AFR project. Apart from this we would be 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
having our regular maintenance CapEx, which would be off the order of Rs. 
300 crore, typically kept about Rs. 1000 crore for maintenance CapEx over 
a four-year period. 
Girish Choudhary:  
So, if I add on this, it's around Rs. 1200 crore for FY23. 
Madhumita Basu:  
Right. 
Offering a clarification with regards to the capex spend: While the 
Gulbarga expansion ground-breaking is planned in FY23, the 
mentioned capital expenditure of Rs.500 crores will start from FY24. 
 
Girish Choudhary:  
So, which is what I was sort of trying to ask, does it make sense to pause 
the Gulbarga CapEx and maybe look at delivering the balance sheet and 
then maybe start or restart the capex? 
Madhumita Basu:  
Actually, our original plan for Gulbarga was Rs. 3,000 crore. We have now 
announced phase one of the project. So, the Gulbarga project is being 
phased out with an extended outlook as of now probably of two more 
years. 
Girish Choudhary:  
Okay. So, what is the timeline for commissioning them for the phase one. 
Madhumita Basu:  
The timelines for commissioning earlier was FY25. We stay committed to 
FY25 commissioning, but only of the IU piece of the operation. 
Girish Choudhary:  
Got it. And what would be the CapEx breakup, let us say to the capex 
budget in FY24? 
Madhumita Basu:  
FY24, we will just align the number but as of now, if I were to take a view 
about Rs. 500 crore is what we are seeing in the year, which would be 
primarily the Gulbarga phase of investment. 
Girish Choudhary:  
So, my second question is - as part of your initial remarks, you did mention 
about some key growth initiatives we plan to augment volumes by 2.4 
million ton. So, what is this about if you can just break up the state of these 
2.4 million tons and also the timeline. 
Madhumita Basu:  
So, 2.4 million tons is the volume of augmentation that we are looking at in 
north and east. This is primarily going to come from the debottlenecking 
improvements in our clinker availability and also an improvement in our C 
by K cement clinker ratio with our thrust on PPC, that’s composite cement. 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Roughly this 2.4 is 1.5 million tons is North, and 0.9 million tons East. 
Some of the projects are already under commissioning, we announced in 
Q2, that we have started the debottlenecking in Risda and we also had a 
ground-breaking in Q3 of Nimbol facility. These facilities will come into 
operation progressively from H2 of FY23, roughly 50% in FY23, 50% In 
FY24. 
Girish Choudhary:  
Got it. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Ravi:  
I have a few questions. First is, on the realization which you mentioned that 
you have seen Rs. 30 realization improvement in East and Rs. 10 in north. 
So, we look at your January average realization how do they stack against 
Q3 average realization like July? 
Madhumita Basu:  
If I were to paraphrase your question, you said that we spoke about Rs. 30 
to 50 realization improvement in East. This is in our context; we have seen 
this Rs 30 to 50 realisation improvement. 
Rajesh Ravi:  
No, no I'm asking from company’s perspective itself your Rs. 30 jump, 
which you have taken in East and Rs. 10 in North, how do on an average 
for your Q3 what is the improvement or is it still below your Q3 average 
realization, in January average prices which you have realized? 
Madhumita Basu:  
We have seen about Rs. 400 per ton realization improvement. 
Rajesh Ravi:   
This is versus Q3 average or versus Q3 exit? 
Madhumita Basu:  
This is versus Q3 average. 
Rajesh Ravi:  
Okay. Coming to the cost item you mentioned that because linkage coal 
was disrupted. So, two questions, first, how was your per kilo Cal costing in 
Q3 and where do they stand now? And second, has this linkage coal 
supply normalized? 
Madhumita Basu:  
As I mentioned linkage coal supply has started improving since the second 
part of December. 
Rajesh Ravi:   
Okay. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Madhumita Basu:  
We have gone down to 12%. We are inching upwards again towards 27, 
30% not fully realized at the end. And with regard to your coal 1.1 going up 
to 2.5. 
Rajesh Ravi:   
Sorry, this is your blended total cost, 1.12 In third quarter? 
Madhumita Basu:  
Yes. 
Rajesh Ravi:   
And this has gone to? 
Madhumita Basu:  
1.12 Q3 FY21, 2.05 Q3 FY22. 
Rajesh Ravi:   
No, no, I am asking for Q3 and Q4 of this financial year? 
Madhumita Basu:  
Q4, on a total power fuel cost, we do not see a substantial improvement 
or change. You may assume that the Q3 power fuel cost will hold for the 
next two quarters. While we will continue to work on our internal lever, but 
it might go to offset the increasing cost.   
Rajesh Ravi:  
Okay. Great. And on the synergy, when you mention this Rs. 167 per ton 
the nine months numbers, which if I multiply with the volume numbers, it 
comes to around Rs. 60 crore savings or Rs. 60 crore additional 
incremental total EBITDA here accumulated in the first nine months, is 
that understanding right?   
Madhumita Basu: 
Yes, it is. Right. Perfect.   
Rajesh Ravi:  
Okay. And so in the fourth quarter, this extra improvement, the current run 
rate which could be to the tune of Rs. 20 crore worth whether that would 
continue.   
Madhumita Basu: 
Yes. We had budgeted Rs.150, Rajesh. The indication as of now is we 
might inch better than that.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
Correct. So, because you have already achieved Rs. 167 crore. So for 
this year, at least this Rs. 20 crore quarterly, run rate should continue 
fourth quarter onwards.  
Madhumita Basu: 
Absolutely we are optimistic about being able to drive higher CPP and 
WHR benefits. CPP is the only line item in which we took a little beating 
because of the non-availability of linkage core and of course the higher 
code prices. Okay. So that should be an initial improvement side.   
Rajesh Ravi: 
Great. And two questions on the CapEx front, first, is on this lending unit 
where you're converting into a grinding unit. What is the CapEx for that 
unit strictly and how much grinding capacity it will lead into?   
Madhumita Basu: 
So rough, it'll be our Rs. 200 crore CapEx. Just to give you the 
perspective on Northern operations. We are working on clinker debottle 
necking with this clinker debottle necking our capability to manufacture 
cement would go up to 6.5 million tons. At the moment we are selling 
roughly 4 million tons in North India. So we are going to make available 
for sales, another 2.5 million tons of cement in North.   
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. So North capacity from current level will increase by 2.5 million ton.   

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Madhumita Basu: 
Yes. From current capacity it will increase by 1.5 million ton, but from 
current sales level, we will make another 2.5 million tons.   
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay.  
Madhumita Basu: 
So this should be a very good volume to meet our aspirations with the 
launch of the Double Bull brand and our growth objectives for the 
Northern market.   
Rajesh Ravi:  
Okay, great. And last question on the leverage mid debt to EBITDA, what 
is your target for March this year?   
Madhumita Basu:  
So December we ended with roughly Rs. 5,495 crore roughly Rs. 5,500 
crore of net debt. We see us holding at this level with 31st of March. We 
will continue to work. As I mentioned before on the financing cost piece, 
which we see going down our recent refinancing has been something at 
the 5.7% level. So they should keep bringing an improvement in our 
financing cost. And as I already shared with you in the coming two years, 
we will be phasing out some of our CapEx plan which we discussed in a 
fair bit of detail prior to this, but in no way impacting our availability or 
volume or appetite to grow.   
Rajesh Ravi:  
Okay. So where I was coming from, because you are close to 3.5 net debt 
to EBITDA ratio in December, and this number remains stable around 3.5, 
3.6. So what is the target on the debt side? Because you also have 
ongoing CapEX which you indicate, so you need meaningful correction on 
this leverage front, net debt to EBITDA numbers?  
Madhumita Basu:  
Rajesh, we are staying on track with our plans to be debt free by early at 
FY ‘25*.   
Rajesh Ravi:  
Okay. And so in the interim, there are no such like these numbers should 
come down to below 2x and FY ‘23.   
Madhumita Basu:  
We have not taken an out outlook for below 2, the guidance for a FY ‘23 
was of that nature.   
Rajesh Ravi:  
Okay, great. Ma'am I'll come back. Thank you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Shalini Vasanta from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.   
Shalini Vasanta:  
So on the CapEx and leveraging front right now the debt is about Rs. 
5,500 crore. So, and with the balance IPO proceed, we expect it to come 
down to Rs. 4,800 crore and with the new CapEx, where do you expect 
this number to peak in the coming years ‘23 and ’24?   
Madhumita Basu:  
Shalini, actually we are scaling down on our CapEx program. The whole 
idea is to stay with our plan to be debt free. So if you are moving to a 
medium to long term, I just confirmed to Rajesh that we are staying on 
track with our plans to be debt free by early FY ‘25*.  
Shalini Vasanta:  
Sure. Thank you. That was my only question.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead.   

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just a couple of questions. One on the 2.4-million-ton capacity growth you 
outlined, you’re increasing clinker, this clinker debottlenecks of 1000 ton 
per day there -- 0.5 million tons due, but still saying 1.5 million ton 
increase in capacity in north, that's largely assuming higher blending. 
What exactly are you thinking, of basically launching new products there, 
and same thing is implied the capacity growth for you. Is it you just 
assuming higher blending. And how do you plan to achieve that higher 
blending in, in both the region?   
Madhumita Basu:  
Satyadeep a very good question. So let me clarify. The first step we are 
taking is debottleneck the whole operation. This will make available 4 
million tons of clinker and at a running capacity of 1.6, from improvement 
in non-trade trade, because we have plans to go -- increase our trade 
volumes. And that is why we have launched the Double Bull brand. We 
see a 1.6, 1.7 blended ratio, which is a fair assumption taking our cement 
capability to 6.5 million tons. And as I mentioned, current capability is 5 
million tons. So that is the gap to 1.5 million tons, just to clarify, when we 
are moving cement for blending, from an IU to Bhiwani it is OPC, but 
when I set up a fresh capacity, I will retain this OPC for PKC blending in 
the parent plant. So we would be setting up grinding capability of about 
1.2 million tons, 0.5 million tons, which we will hold back in the existing 
IUs at PPC would give us 0.3 million tons. So that's 1.2 million plus 0.3 
million tons. Does that explain the numbers in north then I'll move to east.   
Satyadeep Jain: 
I didn't understand fully. So you're saying the current capacity is 5 million 
and in north, the GU will give you another 0.5 million tons. So that takes 
you to 5.5 million and then the blending would mean lower use of clinker, 
you're saying you be able to send more than 5.5 million tons cement in 
north India?   
Madhumita Basu: 
No, Satyadeep let me just clarify. Nimbol is firstly going to be a 
debottlenecking project, which is going to increase my clinker throughput 
to 4 million tons. So 4 million tons of clinker at current C/K would give 
cement capability of 6.4 million tons. I currently have 5 million tons 
capability, and that is where the additional 1.4 million, 1.5 million tons is 
coming. The 0.5 million you are adding for Bhiwani is openly transfer 
currently from IU to Bhiwani. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay.   
Madhumita Basu: 
So that capacity, when I convert to PPC it is grinding capability, which I 
currently have in my existing unit, but because I'm transferring the OPC 
upstream to my Bhiwani unit, I am not fully realizing the capability in my 
IUs in Nimbol and Chittor.  
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay.  
Madhumita Basu: 
So what we can do, Satyadeep I still see you have a little doubt of this. 
We can definitely connect may be tomorrow or so. And surely, I'll clarify 
this.   
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. And the second question is on the synergy front. The company has 
already realized Rs. 167 of synergy. The incremental synergies are 
largely from the higher utilization of WHRS, volumes and maybe 
incentives, but have you hit the cap on minimization, in terms of 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
increasing concreto in the overall volume mix or increasing some other 
products, where are the incremental synergy going to come from here on?   
Madhumita Basu: 
So firstly at 32% premiumization in Q3, we are talking about a market 
condition, which was depressed. Our appetite for premiumization in our 
plan is up to 38%. So there is scope for improvement in premiumization, 
what we have done from a synergy point of view, we had earlier taken a 
perspective of manufacturing, Concreto cement, only in the Jujpur plant, 
but we saw an opportunity and have made a very successful entry of 
Concreto to in the Panaghar unit in November, in the middle of a difficult 
quarter and Q3 quarter. So we are going full ramp up of Concreto volume 
in the Q4 and quarters to come. So on premiumization, there is still a lot of 
head room. Our premiumization program is also very bullish in the 
Northern part of the country, where we are currently operating at a 7% to 
8%. And, we see capability of driving this to almost a 12% to 15% level, 
the third area in which we have revised our plans looking at the 
positiveness in the market. We have earlier looked at a 1 million to 1.5 
million tons of PCC, but we have made a successful launch of composite 
cement from Jajpur Panaghar as well as Jojobera plant. In fact, in all 
these three plants, we have practically taken up 100% PPC to PCC shift. 
So composite cement is going to be a trust area in the coming year. The 
other areas in which we will be delivering further synergy benefits as you 
rightly pointed out - WHR and CPP, CPP particularly was depressed in 
Q3. That is going to be a strong operating lever in the quarters to come. 
As we ramp up our volume in Jojobera, Panaghar, we will see better 
incentive deliverables. We’ll continue to work on the procurement 
synergies, full benefit of procurement synergies has not accrued given the 
highly cost inflationary condition in the market. So this is another area we 
see improve in the quarters to come.   
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Just one last quick question, on the incentive part, are you factoring 
in higher incentives in Jojobera, and I think part of the decision on Bhiwani 
is also predictive on incentives, given what is happening in Panagarh and 
the entire Eastern region on incentives, is incentives only a a small portion 
of your overall decision, maybe Harayana also. And are you fully confident 
of realizing these synergies, both in Harayana and Jharkhand? 
Madhumita Basu: 
Harayana, the primary reason for going to Bhiwani and making it a 
grinding unit is speed to market. You will appreciate that we already have 
facilities in that market. We are already selling with a strong brand equity, 
full volumes from Bhiwani plant. So ramp up in market, go to market will 
gather a lot of momentum. Additionally, the Harayana Government active 
policy on incentives was a good incentive in for us to fast track this 
project. But the primary consideration for going in north comes from a 
successful launch of Double Bull, our appetite for growth in that market, 
better pricing conditions. So a strong reason company capability, as well 
as marketwise.   
Satyadeep Jain: 
Thank you so much.  Thank you.  
Madhumita Basu: 
Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Next question is from Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital Markets. Please 
go ahead.   

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Shravan Shah:  
Ma’am first of all last time we have talked about 20-million-ton volume 
target for this year, we have done 12.23 million ton. So here also humble 
request if you can say the last seven quarter, two decimal cement volume 
numbers, to exchanges would be great. It is very difficult to tally the 
number, because last time, the 3.8-million-ton volume, you mentioned in 
the presentation, and now you are saying this quarter it is 10% declined, 
but it actually comes at 11.1 million. So there is a mismatch and we keep 
on uh mentioning the Emami volume from the 1st April, which is not the 
case. So it's the simple question against the revenue, what's the realized 
or the sold volume for last seven quarters, if you can share on the 
exchanges, it would be great. Or if you can mention the nine-month 
volume number. So this is a suggestion in the fourth quarter, can we see 
20 million definitely will not be able to achieve so how much we can see 
the growth in the fourth quarter on the volume front first. So that's the first 
question. And also if you can share the RMC volume numbers for third 
quarter and nine month both ‘22 and ‘21.   
Madhumita Basu: 
I appreciate the suggestion you have made, any clarification that you can 
require on data one on one, you can always reach out to us. Now coming 
to the question of the outlook for the last quarter. So as I mentioned that 
we are seeing favourable market conditions in Q4, last year we did about 
5.6 million in the last quarter. And we surely see that we will end at this or 
a slightly improve figure.   
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And the in terms of the touching base with IR team, is already done  
post the results but haven't got the proper number. So that's what I 
wanted to say on the investor forum. Secondly, just one second, coming 
back to the normal thing, as you mentioned, Rs. 400 realization average 
increase in this quarter on the cost front are we expecting any further 
increase from the third quarter average? Because the, I can see the 
change in inventory is also supported in terms of the EBITDA this time. 
So, that number is also significantly higher, Rs. 330. So if that effect will 
be nullifying in the fourth quarter, we can again, have a pressure on the 
EBITDA per ton. So just trying to understand on realization, you said but 
on the cost front and ultimately the EBITDA per ton how do we see, 
because last time, what we promised in terms of the power and fuel cost 
we say that Rs. 150 increase we can see in the fourth quarter, but we 
have with a significant Rs. 400 kind of increase in the power and fuel. So 
just trying to understand where we are going wrong in terms of the giving 
the guidance?   
Madhumita Basu: 
Power and fuel cost has gone up for the entire industry. In fact the positive 
manners, to look at it is we at least have some operating lever which as I 
mentioned that we will be focusing on for Q4. On power and fuel costs, I 
did mention that we would, at this point of time look at holding these kind 
of cost levels. Again, to reiterate, action plan being that we see our 
linkage coal supply going up, as well as being able to operate our CPP 
given that linkage coal supplies will continue. So standing where we are, 
we see both in a favour of light. So unless there's a change in these two 
conditions, the rest of it in whatever manner it impact us as a company, 
will impact the industry as a whole.   
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. The data points, just to clarify in terms of the capacity, you tried to 
explain to the previous participant, but once again, I'm just trying to 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
understand, the current capacity of cement is 23.8 million ton where it will 
be by end of FY ‘22, ‘23, ‘24. I'm not asking them our ability to sell the 
cement volume. I'm just asking that cement capacity.   
Madhumita Basu: 
Yes. We will share this with you. You're talking about a build year on 
year?   
Shravan Shah: 
No, no, because you mentioned debottlenecking clinker debottlenecking, 
2.4 MTPA including the Bhiwani you can sell extra. So first, I'm trying to 
understand where our capacity will be by end of this year, next year, ‘23, 
‘24 from current 23.82 million. That’s the first thing second in terms of the 
CapEx, you said this year Rs. 1,251 crore, next year only you have talk 
about the Rs. 500 crore on the Gulberga. So when will we start spending 
on the Gulberga grinding or only we will be spending Rs. 1,500 crore on 
the clinker. So if you can help me on that.   
Madhumita Basu: 
So as now we have made announcement for the Gulberga IU, which 
comprises 6,000 TPD, scalable to 10,000 TPD and as an engineering 
design with the 1.5 million tons cement capability in the IU.   
Moderator: 
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Urmik Chhaya from Asian 
market Securities. Please go ahead.   
Urmik Chhaya: 
Ma'am can I have the cash flow from operations for the period April - 
December?   
Madhumita Basu: 
So I have here the cash from operating activities YTD December ‘21 that 
stands at Rs. 527 crore.  
Urmik Chhaya: 
And Mam, my simple point is you have raised Rs. 1,350 crore through 
IPO and your principle recommend plus interest for the current year 
should be in excess of Rs. 2,200 crore. So you think in the Q4, you will be 
able to generate sufficient cash to our debt repayment.   
Madhumita Basu: 
So Rs. 700 crore is set aside from my IPO funds for paying off debts, 
which are going to mature in the month of March. On a net debt position, I 
gave a guidance that we see ourselves holding it level of roughly Rs. 
5,500 crore. 
Urmik Chhaya: 
Ma'am. I understand that what I'm saying is, as per your annual report, 
current maturity of long-term debt in ‘22, Rs. 1,883 crore, the interest out 
go would be in the range of Rs. 400 crore. So principle plus interest 
repayment would be in the range of Rs. 2,300 crore, against that new of 
IPO was Rs. 1,350 crore and cash of first nine months. You think Q4 
cashflow will be sufficient to meet the entire debt repayment requirement 
from cashflow, or you will need to raise debt to repay debt.   
Madhumita Basu: 
No, we will not have any requirement to raise further debt.   
Urmik Chhaya: 
Okay. Thanks.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Pavas Pethia from Enam AMC. 
Please go ahead.   
Pavas Pethia: 
Hi, ma'am just want to understand your working for FY ‘25* leverage being 
zero. What kind of assumptions you have taken for profitability? And is 
there a component of working capital release in that?   

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Madhumita Basu:  
We will revert to you on this question,   
Pavas Pethia: 
But still Ma’am it is very difficult to understand how you will be debt free 
considering the Rs. 5,400 crore odd debt, in next three years, whatever 
the CapEx you have. Is there a significant profitability increase you are 
building in. Just on a broader label can you guide something?  
Madhumita Basu: 
See you are asking for a perspective on FY ‘25. That is what I said year-
on-year, we will revert to you. We have an outlook on better EBITDA, 
lower interest cost, I have been emphasizing our actions in that direction, 
and I just shared with you a phase CapEX program.   
Pavas Pethia: 
Okay. Thanks for that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. My next question is from the line of Utkarsh Nopany from 
Haitong. Please go ahead.   
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Hi, good evening, Madam. Madam, I just need one data point. What is our 
RMC sales volume in December quarter? And are we on track to reach a 
6 lakh cubic meter RMC volume in the current March quarter period?   
Madhumita Basu: 
The volume Q3 FY ‘22 was 420 cubic meters. Revenue from the 
operation was Rs. 183 crore.   
Utkarsh Nopany: 
And Madam, are we on track to increase the volume to 6 lakh cubic meter 
in Q4?   
Madhumita Basu: 
Yes, we are working towards that program, 200 a month.   
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. Thanks a lot.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and 
Company. Please go ahead.  
Saket Kapoor:  
Yes, ma'am firstly about this interest rate. What is our blended cost of 
funds currently for the working capital as well as for the long term and 
what is our current working capital requirement in absolute terms? if you 
could give the requirement money in rupee term.   
Madhumita Basu: 
So total financing cost is 6.68 period ended December ‘21^. I will request 
my finance team to revert to you on the working capital and fixed cost.   
Saket Kapoor:  
Maam on this 6.68. Are this fixed or the floating rate with a rising interest 
rate scenario going forward? Are we at any risk of revision in interest rate 
or these are fixed and what is the tenure then?  
Madhumita Basu: 
Floating rates#.  
Saket Kapoor:  
Okay. What is our total WHRS capacity and what are we planning going 
forward for say FY ‘23 and ‘24,   
Madhumita Basu: 
WHRS I'd like to confirm, facilities have up in all launch, totalling to 45 
megawatts. New facilities that we will need WHRS. At this capacity we are 
at a two is to one power to cement capacity ratio.   
Saket Kapoor:  
Correct. And what is our trade and non-trade mix for this quarter and as 
well as for the nine months   
Madhumita Basu: 
Q3 we improved our trade share ending the quarter at 75%.   

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
Okay. And what are we eying ma'am? Say one year down the line, how is 
this mix going to change or is it in this within this bracket only?   
Madhumita Basu: 
See outlook on trade share as we shared, we have an appetite to 
increase trade share to about 80% of our business, which will not be a 
one-step activity will be primarily driven by building the Double Bull brand 
and improving our trade volumes in North. In East, as you know, we are 
already a very strong trade here, so it would be a phased program and at 
75% we are on track with our plans in this regard.   
Saket Kapoor:  
And what is our current market here in the Eastern market where we have 
the major capacity? 
Madhumita Basu: 
So as you know, by capacity, we are the market leader, but this market 
also sees the material availability into the market from other spaces. Our 
market share trends around 17% to 17.2%.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is the line of Abul Fateh from Baroda MF. 
Please go ahead.  
Abul Fateh: 
So this is the follow up on an earlier question on the net debt free EBITDA 
FY ’25*. So just needed all assumptions that you would've given volumes 
for FY ‘23 and ‘24 in your numbers. And also the EBITDA percent that 
would've assumed. So these calculations would be based on volume 
exempt and profitability, because you are already falling behind the target 
in FY ’22 versus 20 million tons volume and profitability also taking a hit. 
So all the calculations that have gone haywire in this point in time. So 
what is the assumptions that you are working with if you can share that?   
Madhumita Basu: 
So firstly I would like to bring to the notice of everyone on this call, that 
what we saw in Q3 -- we cannot have a quarter in which there is a 
transporter strike in one state simultaneously, there is a flood issue in two 
states and Bihar which as an industry contributes to 22% of the demand 
sees a sand mining crisis, bringing demand practically to a grinding halt, 
right up to the middle of December. These are markets typically in the 
east revival happens immediately post the festival period. There has been 
no release in the market till practically 20th of December.  So the Q3 
cannot be indicated of where we are going to move ahead in the coming 
quarter. I am not at this moment, additionally, mentioning the cost impact. 
I know gentleman, you all have been asking for the plan up to FY ‘25 as 
an organization, we are in the process of growing up our AOP, you in the 
midst of that exercise currently. I mentioned to you that directionally, we 
will keep to our commitment of being debt free by FY ‘25*, we are working 
on the financing cost. We are working on improving prices and 
profitability, leveraging fully the benefit of our internal lever, and finally 
looking at an improvement in the market condition. You will also need to 
keep in mind that I have shared with you a phased CapEx program by not 
bringing down our growth appetite in the identified up to FY ‘26 period.   
Abul Fateh: 
Okay.   
Madhumita Basu: 
Roughly speaking up to FY ‘26, we had given capability capacity of the 
order of 28 million tons of cement with the restructuring we are doing 
prioritizing on our stronger Northern markets. We are still keeping to that 
number.   

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Abul Fateh: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much.   
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen, that will be our last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. Thank you. And over to you.   
Madhumita Basu: 
Thank you so much for your patience and very important questions. I'd 
like to start by confirming please do reach out to us for any further 
clarifications and we'll be more than happy to connect with you. Since our 
going public, we have been meeting on this call, this is the third call we 
are taking, and I believe the feedback has come from most of you. We 
have also tried to remain available and within easy reach for any further 
data clarification and post call conversations. I just like to, again repeat, 
Q3 platform even If I were to give it a description, we remained focused 
on premiumization, improving our trade share, delivering on our internal 
levers Rs. 167 per ton, ramping up our alternate fuel to 6%, which per 
plants at 20%. We are investing in Nimbol and Risda plant and will be 
exiting year FY ‘23 in these two plants with also an AFR target of 20%. 
Net debt declined by Rs. 1,235 crore since March ‘21 and a substantial 
reduction in our cost of borrowing with refinancing of loans.  I take the 
opportunity again to wish you, your family as safe and happy 2022. Thank 
you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Nuvoco Vistas 
Corporation Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us.  
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription extract and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure high level of accuracy.  
 
Clarifications/Corrections: 
*Debt free by ‘early FY ’25’ should be read as ‘FY’ 26’ 
^Total financing cost is 6.68 period ended December ’21 should be read as Total financing cost is 
6.68 period ended January ’22 
#The total debt of the company includes securities such as debentures and term loans are at both 
fixed (largely) and floating rates. 
