emon 
ree 
February 18, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: LEMONTREE 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Ref: Outcome of Conference Call with Analysts/ Institutional Investors 
Dear Sir 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that in continuation to the disclosure made on 
February 11, 2022 wr.t. the audio recordings of the conference call on unaudited financial 
results for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 
31, 2021 
held 
on 
Friday, 
February 11, 2022 please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call with 
investors/analysts. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
Thanking You 
For Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
\ 
ye 
Nikh Ni 
hi 
Group\Company Secretary & GM Legal 
and Compliance Officer 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
(CIN No. L74899DL1992PLC049022) 
Registered Office: Asset No. 6, Aerocity Hospitality District, New Delhi-110037 
T +91 11 4605 0101 
| 
F +91 11 46050110 
| 
E hi@lemontreehotels.com 
Central Reservation: +91 9911 701 701 
| www.lemontreehotels.com 
 

Page 1 of 16 
  
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 11, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank 
you.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Lemon 
Tree Hotels Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
We have with us today, Mr. Patanjali Keswani – Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Rattan Keswani – Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Kapil Sharma – 
Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vikramjit Singh – President of the Company. 
 
We’ll begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following 
which we’ll have the forum open for an interactive question and answer 
session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
call maybe forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the Results Presentation that was shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now request Mr. Keswani to make his opening remarks. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. I hope you 
all and your family is safe and healthy. I will be covering the quarterly business 
highlights and the financial performance for Q3 FY22, post which, we will open 
the forum for your questions and suggestions. 
 
We are pleased to share that we have delivered a strong performance during 
the quarter, registering topline growth of 110% Y-o-Y and 48% Q-o-Q. During 
this period, we saw growth in occupancy levels and ARR across our hotels 
driven by robust demand in festivities, weddings, long stays and staycations. 
We also saw pick-up in business-related travel and conferences. Overall 
occupancy on full inventory improved from 51% in Q2 FY22 to 58% in Q3 FY22 
and ARR increased 54% Y-o-Y and 29% Q-o-Q to Rs. 3,901. 
 
On the profitability front, due to a structural improvement in our cost control, 
our EBITDA grew 194% Y-o-Y and 83% Q-o-Q, and our EBITDA margins 
expanded by 1,334 bps Y-o-Y and 873 bps Q-o-Q to 45%. We continue to 
emphasize on two key areas. The first focus area is cost rationalization, ie. 
minimize fixed costs and maximize variable costs. Second, our emphasis 
continues to be on operating a healthy balance sheet with strong cash flows. 
Our proactive steps in these two areas will strengthen our business model. 
Further, we have reduced the cost of debt by 10 bps to 8.00%. 

Page 2 of 16 
 
Coming to key developments during the quarter, we expanded our portfolio in 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Situated near the Gandhi Ashram, the hotel will feature 
52 rooms and will be operational by Apr-22. The hotel is in sync with our 
strategy to go asset-light and to leverage our brand. Our current operational 
inventory as of 31st Dec 2021 comprises of 87 hotels and 8489 rooms, out of 
which 5,192 are owned and 3,297 managed rooms. 
 
Looking ahead, while there was a significant rebound in overall demand in Q3, 
the situation now has evolved with the third wave of infections in the country. 
This has had an impact on travel and tourism in Q4 FY22. However, given the 
vaccination drives and improving economic indicators, we anticipate a faster 
recovery in the demand environment and are hopeful that consumption will 
reach normalized Pre-CoVID levels by H1 FY23. 
 
On the whole, we are well-positioned to capitalize on long-term growth 
opportunities and create value for all our stakeholders.  
 
Now, I come to the end of our opening remarks and would like to ask the 
moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Archana Gude: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. Sir, I have 
three questions. Sir firstly, can you throw some more color on the Aurika 
Udaipur operations? How have been the wedding season for us and also some 
insights on the competitive intensity? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
We have two hotels under Aurika brand, The first one was Aurika Udaipur. 
Aurika really opened just pre-COVID. So it did not have the opportunity to 
stabilize. But if you go to slide 15, you will find that in Q3, we increased the 
average rate from Q3 the previous year by about 45% and the occupancy rate 
was 52%. So we did fairly decent occupancy, considering that it was a COVID 
year and fairly decent average rate. 
To give you a flavor, Aurika today does the typical gross operating profit margin 
of about 65% to 70%. When it does an income, for example if I remember right 
in December, we did Rs. 5.5 crore, the expenses were about Rs. 2 crore, and 
we did an operating profit of Rs. 3.5 crore, that's how Aurika is doing currently. 
Going forward, we think that Aurika will probably stabilize at about 65% to 70% 
occupancy at an average rate, in the coming year of about Rs. 18,000 in which 
case it will hit 70% gross operating profit and revenue of about Rs. 80 crore to 
90 crore. So it ends up very well. 
Archana Gude: 
Is there a competition in Udaipur market compared to rest of the other  key 
places in Rajasthan? Because everybody is talking about Udaipur. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes, so Udaipur is very strong historical leisure market and it's a wedding 
market. In fact even companies do large conferences there as offsite . So I'll 
give you an example, in January and February this year, if Omicron had not 
happened, Aurika had confirmed business on the books in February of over 
Rs. 7 crore, which means we would have made  Rs. 5 crore EBITDA on it.  But 
unfortunately, obviously it got dissipated to some extent, not completely but 
about 30%-40% of that disappeared.  
So going forward, Udaipur in my opinion has now become one of the most 
favored leisure destinations in our country for multiple reasons, but weddings 
are a key segment there. So when I compare Aurika, broadly you will find  there 
are 5 or 6 hotels. The top two hotels in Udaipur in terms of average rates and 
occupancies are The Taj Lake place and The Oberoi - Udaivilas, then in rate 
terms it is Leela and us, then after there is Trident and Taj Aravali. So that's 

Page 3 of 16 
roughly where we are in positions, in the middle there, below luxury and at the 
top-end of upscale. 
Archana Gude: 
Sir, I'm keen to understand what are the challenges to add inventory in Aurika 
and Lemon Tree Premier? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
We are now looking very aggressively at growing our managed portfolio. We 
are in about 30 active discussions right now, and we are hopeful of converting 
a very large number of them into management contracts within the next 12 
months. In fact, our business development team has said they will confirm 15 
hotels in H1 itself. But it is true that in current portfolio of expansion it's mostly 
Lemon Tree Hotels and a few Keys Hotels. So it is going to be across the 
board, Aurika definitely up for discussion, because it's a very different brand. 
It's in the upscale space. We are talking and I think we might be signing one 
Aurika in a month or two. Rattan, is the Rishikesh one confirmed? 
Rattan Keswani: 
Rishikesh we will sign, it will probably happen by the end of April.  
Patanjali Keswani: 
Okay, so there is one Aurika we will sign as you heard in April and hopefully 
one or two more in the next six months. But it's a new brand and it may take a 
little longer to build out the managed portfolio. As you know, we are building 
our own Aurika in Mumbai, which is 670 rooms, we got all the approvals. In 
fact, we are out of the basement and on the first to second floor already, which 
will open by Q3 following year. We are quite hopeful that Aurika will expand 
but it will take a little longer than the Lemon Tree brand, which is obviously 
better known and more widely distributed. 
Archana Gude: 
Sure sir. Sir, my last question. Recently there was this view that Hyderabad 
will get its first co-living space, so we were to pour into this segment earlier. 
But you know because of this COVID, I guess we have deferred. Are you keen 
to look into this segment again or there is still time? 
Patanjali Keswani:  
Co-living for the moment we have put on pause. It's an interesting segment, 
but I think right now our focus is on getting back to pre-COVID levels of revenue 
with a massively reduced cost structure, which is what we are focusing on 
achieving in the coming financial year. So after that, we will look at other 
opportunities. But right now, the focus is on Lemon Tree Hotel. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amandeep Singh from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. While the recovery remains healthy in Q3, will it be 
possible to give some sense on how Jan-22 has been in terms of occupancy 
or some trend wise ideas, and if there has been gradual improvement from 
Feb-22 already? Also, if you could touch upon how the bookings would be 
building up now for the upcoming months? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Okay, so let me give you some flavor of how COVID has played out. So, I'm 
going to talk peak-to-peak. So I'm going to give you a set of numbers. The first 
wave which was in Q1 of FY 21, if you look at our revenue, and I think this is 
true for all hotel companies, we were doing for example Lemon Tree was doing 
Rs. 2.4 crore a day in January and February. This crashed to Rs. 1 crore a day 
with the start of COVID and with the first lockdown by April, we were down to 
Rs. 0.4 crore a day. So it was really a drop of 85% in revenue within two 
months.  
Now this revenue, very gradually recovered and it took roughly about 10 
months before it hit its peak of Rs. 1.2 crore a day in Feb-21. So what I'm trying 
to say is, that in first wave of covid it was very L-shaped and the recovery was 
very gradual and it came back to 50% of pre-COVID which was the peak in 
Feb-21 which was our Q4. Then the Delta variant hit and within another two 

Page 4 of 16 
months, our occupancy, our revenue had again crashed to Rs. 0.3 crore a day 
that is 25% of the earlier peak of Rs. 1.2 crore. But surprisingly within another 
three months it came back to Rs. 1.1 crore and then till about Dec-21, we had 
actually achieved about Rs. 1.8 crore a day. So if you look at the second wave, 
the peak-to-peak, of course these peaks were half of the pre-COVID times, the 
recovery was five months. First wave recovery, gradual, L-shaped 12 months. 
Second wave recovery, much faster, more V-shaped 5 months. So we hit Rs. 
1.8 crore a day in December, which was just one and half months ago. Then 
the Omicron hit by the last week of December when we started seeing a 
significant drop off in both bookings and cancellations. 
Jan-22 was a big drop, nowhere near the earlier drops, but I would say broadly 
about a 40%-45% drop from Dec-21. This really started in the first week of Jan-
22 continued till the fourth week of Jan-22. 
What is amazing to us which we've been watching quite closely is the very 
rapid recovery in Feb-22. So to give you some flavor, if we were doing 3000 
rooms a day in Q3, in Jan-22 it dropped to 1650 to 1700 rooms, in Feb-22 it 
rapidly picked up and it started doing 2000 rooms a day. Going forward, it looks 
like we will be moving into the 2500 to 3000 rooms a day in the next two weeks, 
because the pickup is amazing and very quick. In fact, the V-shaped recovery 
in the third wave is less than 5 weeks. So, first recovery was 12 months; second 
recovery was roughly 5 months; the third recovery, V-shape is 5 weeks. The 
top of the recovery is much higher than the previous. Like I told you in the first 
wave we came up to only Rs. 1.1 crore or Rs. 1.2 crore, in the second we hit 
Rs. 1.8 crore. I think it's reasonable to say we will exceed that in the third 
recovery. 
As far as average rates go, we took a conscious call that irrespective of 
demand we would not drop prices. Our ARR in Jan-22 is higher than in Q3. It 
is a little north of Rs. 4000 and I think quarter to date also, including Feb-22 it 
is north of Rs. 4000 and we intend to maintain that. 
Amandeep Singh: 
So just one question in terms of Q3 itself. You also mentioned in your opening 
remarks about recovery also happened in the business travel and conferences. 
So can you just elaborate if this was largely led by SMEs, MSMEs, or you also 
saw even large corporates had started to travel during the previous quarter? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Let me just give you an example. If I look at pre-COVID and exclude Keys, 
because we really acquired Keys in November of 2019. When we look at our 
own portfolio, we were doing about 3200 rooms on a portfolio of about 4,300 
room owned hotels. The retail was 1200 rooms a day. Large corporates and 
medium small enterprises were 1500. Travel trade which is really meetings, 
incentives and conferences were 350 and airlines were 150. 
I know I'm giving you unnecessary breakdown, but in Jan and Feb-20, we did 
3200 rooms, which large corporates were 1500 and medium corporates and 
average rate was Rs. 4500. 
In Q3, the retail went and I'm referring to pre-COVID Jan and Feb-20, retail 
went from 1200 pre-COVID to 1700. Large corporates and medium small 
enterprises dropped from 1500 pre-COVID to 900 and most of them were 
medium, small, and micro enterprises. So large corporates were still less than 
100. The meetings incentive dropped from 350 pre-COVID to 250. Airlines 
dropped marginally from 150 to 120. So, we did about 3000 rooms in Q3 of 
which nearly 60% were retail and only 30% for large corporates. 
Let me put it in synopsis the rate of growth of retail has been more than the 
rate of drop of large corporates. In fact roughly if I look at it, the medium, small, 
micro enterprises have come back more or less. Retail has grown more than 
equal to the rate of growth for corporates. 

Page 5 of 16 
Amandeep Singh: 
Got it. Thanks for the detailed breakup. Just one follow-up on your keys 
portfolio. While you understand that it has been impacted given the mix of 
micro market into Bangalore and Kerala, but where do you see your profitability 
on sustainable basis when the Keys recovers given your cost control in place 
this time? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
See, we look at portfolios and buckets of hotels based on the average rate, the 
occupancy, the cost structure and Keys comes into a bucket which is similar 
to the bucket between Red Fox and Lemon Tree Hotels. On a stable basis, we 
had an expectation that Keys would generate an operating profit of about Rs 
6.5 lakhs to Rs. 7 lakhs a room per year. 
Based on what we are seeing, happening right now, it's still a period of 
transition as I see it, assuming there is no major fourth wave and that this 
moves into an epidemic rather than a pandemic, we reckon that Keys will come 
back to full performance within the next 9 to 15 months. I'm not exactly sure 
when but it should come back. Lemon Tree portfolio will bounce back earlier.  
Keys will take a little longer because those markets were much more affected. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Fair enough. And if lastly if I could squeeze in one more, so with the ECLGS 
scheme now getting extended, so any update on the evaluation of distressed 
opportunities where you would be looking to brand and manage that inventory? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes, we are looking at lot of opportunities, but they are really under an NDA. 
So I can't really comment. But as an overview I can tell you that there is not as 
much distress as one would imagine. ECLGS has unfortunately or fortunately 
helped only the larger players. I don't know the extent of transmission of this 
by banks to the small standalone unbranded hotel. So technically, those should 
be in more distress and therefore should be available for consolidation. But I'm 
not really seeing surprisingly enough signs of that. I can't really comment with 
any certainty what is happening there. But what I am seeing is that irrespective 
of distress, a lot of standalone hotels want to now join chain and get branded 
because they feel that will help them with their revenue side. So that's what we 
are trying to capitalize on. Not distressed as much as simply bringing them into 
a distribution system. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv from DAM Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajiv: 
My question is on slide number 9 on the left chart where you have your monthly 
Rupee number which is going to Rs. 55 crore for the month and your cost is 
basically at Rs. 26 crore. It seems that on a month-on-month basis, the 
incremental revenue has a flow through of 65% from if we take May as a 
denominator for each incremental month. So, I just want to understand is this 
sustainable and is there a large bullet-fixed cost which will come as things 
would tend towards normalcy and the 65% flow through will decline? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Slide 22, will give you an indication of how we are expecting to do in the coming 
financial year. Again, I don't want to say this as forward-looking. I'm just going 
to explain something to you.  
This is a comparison between Q3 pre-COVID and Q3 FY22. If you see our 
revenue in Q3 pre-COVID was Rs 200 crore and in Q3 this year was Rs.  144 
crore. 
Now, let me make three broad observations. Q3 FY20 pre-COVID did not 
reflect the full revenue of Keys because we acquired Keys in the middle of Q3. 
Number two; five key hotels, Aurika, Lemon Tree Bombay, Lemon Tree 
Premier Pune, Lemon Tree Premier Calcutta and Red Fox Dehradun were new 
hotels and not stable. If you add on how they would normally perform this Rs. 
200 crore number would be higher number, maybe INR Rs. 

Page 6 of 16 
crore to Rs, 250 crore. Now, if you look at the third line, it is the expenses. Here 
are our expenses: We had total expenses when we did Rs. 200 crore of Rs. 
118 crore and this occupancy was about 70% to 73%. Now with an occupancy 
a little shy of 60%, our new expense structure is Rs. 80 crore. 
Let me synopsize that. This Rs 120 crore of expenses pre-COVID, about 70%-
75% was fixed, about Rs. 90 crore was fixed; Rs. 30 crore was variable. Today 
our new fixed expenses are about Rs.55-60 crore and Rs. 20 crore is variable. 
So, let's assume we go back to 75% occupancy, then that Rs. 20 crore of 
variable expenses will jump by about Rs. 5 crore. That our total expenses 
under no circumstances will exceed Rs.85- 88 crore a quarter, which means 
that there is a permanent saving in other words in our cost structure of about 
Rs. 30 crore a quarter or Rs.120 crore a year. This will improve the operating 
leverage and I expect that our EBITDA margin should be north of 50% from 
next year onwards. 
Rajiv: 
Sure. It is very helpful and same thing if you can elaborate. You disclosed this 
hotel level EBITDA per room, which used to be in FY19 and I'm looking at year 
end presentation. For example, for Lemon Tree Premier it used to be Rs. 1 
million per room and for Lemon Tree Hotels and Red Fox is Rs. 0.6 million Rs. 
0.5 million. Do you think this materially change and to what term is this 
particular bit? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I think you can do the math yourself. I have said to you quite directly that our 
revenue from operations should come back to pre-COVID levels next year. Our 
expenses will be down by Rs.120 crore. Our interest costs will be down 
somewhat compared to the previous year because our interest rates have 
come down. One can do the Pro Forma P&L quite easily from what I've said. 
When you talk costs, you need to look at an earlier slide which I think was slide 
12, which will tell you what has happened in Lemon Tree from a cost 
perspective and you will see that we were doing 37% net EBITDA pre-COVID 
which has now become 45%, although the revenue has come down by 30% in 
that pre-COVID to post-COVID, I mean during COVID period. So if you just 
expand the revenue back to pre-COVID levels, you can work out the new 
EBITDA margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to ask a question 
on this CAPEX plan I mean, which we are doing for Aurika, MIAL. So, is the 
CAPEX completed or we are planning some more CAPEX on that? Can you 
highlight some things on that? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. Aurika is a 670-room hotel. If you actually look at slide 15, it will show you 
an interesting number. If you look at slide 15, it will show you the occupancy 
that we achieved in Q3 in Mumbai, and you will notice that while the ARR was 
depressed, the occupancy was still 76%. So what I am trying to say is that 
Bombay is perhaps the deepest market in India in terms of demand and least 
affected with any cycle. 
So, we are very bullish on Aurika Bombay. We are expecting that we will be 
able to achieve an average rate of Rs. 11,000- 12000 there 

Page 7 of 16 
on 670 rooms. And we are planning to build it rapidly and open it by Q3 in the 
following year, not this coming financial year but the year after, that is October 
to December of calendar year 2023. 
The total investment required in Aurika is about Rs. 900 to Rs. 950 crore 
depending on interest capitalization. We have already spent about Rs. 400 
crore there. Our expectation is that the next 12 months will require about Rs. 
220 crore  to Rs. 250 crore, the following nine months will require another Rs. 
200-250 crore and then because of pending bills and so on, the following year 
that is calendar 24 we will need to pay the balance Rs. 100-150 crore. We are 
very confident we will be able to fund this through internal accruals, so debt will 
not go up. Basically this Rs. 500 crore will be funded without increase in the 
gross debt. 
Rajiv: 
Sir Rs.11,000-12000 per day you said. You mentioned some amount, right?  
Patanjali Keswani: 
That's our expected ARR. 
Rajiv: 
Okay. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Lemon Tree Premier in Mumbai in January and February pre-COVID once it 
was stabilizing, it was doing Rs. 6,500 - 7000, we are fairly confident that if in 
2020 we could do with a Premier Rs 6,500- 7000 at 75%-80% occupancy, then 
surely Aurika four years later will be able to do Rs.11,000. 
Rajiv: 
Okay, okay. And this answers my question sir. Just one more clarity on this 
from the previous participant. You mentioned that EBITDA will be 14% in FY 
23. That is an expected EBITDA margin, right? If I'm correct on this, if my 
understanding is right. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
No, EBITDA margin what do you mean 14%? I'm talking 50%. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vikas Sharda from NT Asset Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Sharda:  
Yes, hi. Just a quick question on the notes to the account that regarding the 
Social Security Code, that it is not yet implemented, so which is not being taken 
into consideration, but what kind of impact would it have on the financial? 
Kapil Sharma: 
This is being assessed. We are also getting through this. So we'll let you know 
separately about it like how it would impact as such our organization Lemon 
Tree is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Service. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes. Hi. So my question is for post first wave we have seen a significant 
recovery in the budget hotel. But now we are seeing the muted kind of 
occupancy. So can you talk about what is happening currently in budget hotels 
compared to the first wave it was? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Well, what I’ve found is that as I said, if you look at January, it was quite 
affected, not as badly affected as the earlier trough but quite affected by 
Omicron. February seems to have had a very quick bounce back. And my 
expectation is that the rate at which bookings are picking up, we should be 
back to at least Q3 levels in the next week or two at most. So 

Page 8 of 16 
basically the impact of Omicron will be for a period of maybe 5 weeks and then 
it will be back to Q3. I expect stable performance in the hotel sector closer to 
pre-COVID level in H1 in this coming year. Looking at how it's playing out, I 
suspect that we will be at pre-COVID levels by second quarter of this coming 
financial year. 
Sumant Kumar: 
My question is, we have seen a sharp recovery in budget hotels post first wave, 
but from there we are seeing a muted performance in the budget hotel side. 
So what is happening currently in the demand? 
Patanjali Keswani:   
No. Sumant it’s not budget hotels. There are three types; that is economy 
hotels, mid-market hotels, and upscale and luxury hotel. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes. Red Fox and Keys Hotels I am talking. 
Patanjali Keswani:  
During the COVID pandemic, all hotel segments dropped their prices to a 
greater or lesser extent. So there was a cascade downwards. What happened, 
it meant was that if you were normally a Red Fox user, you could now at that 
same rate afford a Lemon Tree. If you were a Lemon Tree user, you could 
have at that same rate afford a Lemon Tree Premier, and a Lemon Tree 
Premier guy could afford an Aurika. So what happened was the prices came 
down. That's why occupancies moved based on price. 
However, what you may see now is that all hotel companies are now firming 
up their prices, which means the traditional segments for each the traditional 
users for each segment will go back to that segment. So my expectation is that 
this waterfall will work again and both Red Fox and Keys occupancies, which 
were actually much lower than Lemon Tree and Lemon Tree Premier in Q3 will 
start coming back from this coming year. Because the pricing is firming up. 
Sumant Kumar:   
What was our deferred tax for this quarter? 
Kapil Sharma:  
So if you see in the result, there is tax liability which is coming at a level of Rs. 
2 Cr, which is due profitability in the standalone subsidiaries. So overall, you 
would see a negative PBT, but there is some tax liability.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So I had a couple of questions. First 
of all, I wanted to understand what sort of structural changes do you see in the 
customers’ behavior going forward, which might be positive or negative for the 
hotel industry in the longer term? If you could please share your thoughts, do 
you see any changes or if they are, what sort of changes do you see? 
Patanjali Keswani:  
One clear change and I'm talking about with a back view, not a forward view 
because I'm not sure it will remain, is an emphasis on hygiene, safety, security, 
and relatively contactless service. 
Now what do I think will happen going forward, I suspect that they will be while 
I think this desire for safety and hygiene will continue. The pandemic recedes 
into an epidemic and then ultimately becomes like a flu, I suspect that humans 
will revert to normal as has happened after multiple epidemics in the world. 

Page 9 of 16 
As far as contactless service goes, Indians and they are the majority of our 
customers, we have 85%-90% Indian customers in normal circumstances, they 
want service. So what we are really evaluating is what part of our services will 
continue to be contact intensive and which parts we can just move towards an 
automated model. So we are very keen to move towards contactless check-in 
and check-out and towards being able to go to your room using your mobile 
phone and using QR codes for ordering food. If we can achieve that and there 
is no pushback from customers, it will lead to a significant saving in our wage 
flow. 
So, I cannot categorically answer what is likely to happen, but I am trying to tell 
you what we would like to see happen. I am pretty confident that some of these 
things will continue, but I am not 100% sure which will and to what extent. 
I hope I'm clear Achal, because it's very difficult for me to guess what will 
continue once things come back to normal. But if you look at previous 
epidemics, the reversion to norm has been very quick. And people forget 
everything wearing masks, so on and so forth. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes. No, actually why I asked this question is that if you see general trend and 
that ties to the previous question also that why they have slow recovery in the 
lower end of the hotels;  now if you see even like of Taj and Chalet hotels and 
everything, so the recovery has been very fast. And in the quarter of 
December, the recovery was sort of very close to pre-COVID levels. So what 
I'm trying to understand is that are customers very happy or wants to pay higher 
or spend higher on the services side, on the leisure side, on the hotel side? If 
that is the change in the trend, that means probably recovery will be faster in 
the higher end of the hotels in your case also. So that is what I wanted to 
understand basically. Do you understand what I'm saying basically? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I understand what you're saying, but I think that reversion to value for money 
will come back. I find at that least personally Indian customers are very value 
for money conscious especially in the mid-market. I feel that and I'm thinking 
aloud because your question is interesting. I feel that there will be a pull-up 
maybe the five-star chains have done, recovered faster, but the mid-market 
has recovered. 
If you actually look at that slide again, which is page 15 you will see that Lemon 
Tree Hotels, Lemon Tree Premier are both the north of 60% in Q3, which is 
actually close to the pre-COVID levels, and it is the lower to the head north . 
And there are reasons for it. Because if you look at a couple of Red Fox hotels, 
they were in locations where there was absolutely no demand. And Keys of 
course, 60% of the inventory was in Whitefield, Hosur Road and Bangalore, 
two IT heavy markets, which were close to zero and Kerala. So this is more a 
locational thing. 
But looking across India, since we are in over 50 cities, I do see that customers 
are very value for money conscious and they will come back to their traditional 
segments, I don't think there will be a move up or a move down. During the 
COVID time they were very bothered about safety and security and perhaps 
they wanted more reassuring kind of stay. But they will all come back to norm. 
That's my broad feel. 

Page 10 of 16 
If you see even, I was reading with some amusement the Economic Times 
article on Airtel when they said that they increased the data charges even a 
little bit, so many customers fell away. And that's true even in our business. 
There is a limit to how much you can increase prices and then customers just 
disappear. I don't think this logic will apply in the coming year that there will be 
a permanent shift. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, but then basically if you see the shift in the customers’ behavior and 
positive move towards the hotels like Aurika and Premier, do you think you 
could change your strategy and grow faster in those brands and taking a step 
back on Red Fox? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes and no. So you see the way we look at growth is slightly different. So I'm 
going to digress for a moment. I'll give you an example. We opened our hotel 
in Calcutta. Before we opened our hotel in Calcutta, where you have to keep 
in mind, we are a new brand. We are only a 17-year-old company and really, 
we got to scale only in the last 5 years. Most of the other Indian chains are 50-
100 years old companies. So there is more familiarity. When we looked at 
Calcutta, before we opened the hotel, let's assume we were getting a certain 
amount of business out of Calcutta to the rest of our hotels across India. The 
minute we opened our hotel in Calcutta or in a new city, within six months the 
business we generate for the rest of our chain or what we call network effect 
is 5x what it was before we opened the hotel at that city. So that means the 
return that we get is not only the return on that individual hotel, but the 
incremental return the rest of the hotels get by the sheer presence from that 
hotel in that city.  
So strategically the way we are going to grow in the next 24 months is very 
simple. We are looking at the top 150 cities in India. We are currently in the 
process of evaluating what is the air traffic out of each of these cities, which 
markets are those air traffic routes going to, where we have hotel, what is our 
current demand from those cities. And if we get to those cities based on our 
simple multiplication of 5x, what will be the growth in demand if we open hotels 
in those cities. So this is a strategic way of expansion and we are executing 
that in the next 24 months. That is why I said earlier that we have identified 15 
hotels we will most likely sign in H1, which will be actually part of this strategic 
growth strategy. 
The separate way to grow is opportunistic, where we get whichever hotel 
comes to us under management as long as it does not cannibalize our existing 
hotels, we take them under management. So it's a joint strategy. One is 
strategic and proactive; one is relatively more reactive and what comes to us 
we take. But what will add value to our network is actually getting into all these 
150 cities because if we look at that, then our occupancies will just be 
unbelievable. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right, fair enough. Sir going back to my original question, which was about the 
potential changes of customer behavior, if I look at, many companies are 
actually going with hybrid model now. Employees have been asked to work 
from home few days a week and from office few days a week. So that is a kind 
of a structural change, which we don't think will revert back in the next few 
years. And that means probably employees will have more flexibility to sort of 
combine the work and the leisure, and then there could be a change. Since 
now the customers are taking more short breaks, looks like 

Page 11 of 16 
staycation is in high demand even in the US or Europe. So those kinds of 
structural changes I was talking about that. Do you see those kinds of 
changes? And if those kind of changes really happens, do you think that would 
be definitely positive for the hotel industry. That's my point actually. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Let me just give you some forward view. If I look at what happened pre-COVID, 
during COVID, and now towards the end of COVID, when a customer comes 
as a retail customer, books through my website or books directly with the hotel 
or through my call center or books through an OTA and comes to a business 
hotel, that person typically is coming for business reasons. It could be a small 
independent entrepreneur, it could be somebody part of the big economy, it 
could be somebody who's just visiting the city and has come and stayed in a 
hotel, that segment which is the highest rate segment has grown enormously. 
So what used to be 1200 rooms a day in the peak pre-COVID which is January 
and February of 2020 is today over 1700 rooms. And even if I conservatively 
estimate it will be north of 1800 rooms next year. So that is an increment of 
600 rooms a day in our system. And we are already doing over 500 of those 
rooms even now in the middle of Omicron. 
As far as large corporates and medium small enterprises go, large corporate 
were about 600 to 700 rooms a day. They today are 100 rooms. Because many 
of them have not started travel and that is what you are referring to. However, 
the medium, small and micro enterprises which were about 800 rooms a day 
are all that. They are traveling. So we are now doing 900. In Q3 we did 900 
rooms a day from these two segments, 90% of which was medium, small and 
micro enterprise. 
What the point I'm trying to make is between these two segments, which are 
our two largest segments, the maximum drop in large corporates could be 300- 
400 rooms assuming that all of them go with work-from-home, hybrid model, 
do not travel much, go with Zoom and so on. But the retail segment growth is 
double of that drop. So on an aggregate basis, what I’m trying to say is that I 
do see an improvement in demand if I aggregate retail and business travel and 
that improvement is in the range of about 300-400 rooms a day, which is about 
6% occupancy for Lemon Tree on the owned portfolio. 
As far as the other segments go, they are more or less going to all come back. 
So they will not have a real demand, any impact on our business. So if I 
summarize this, I say we were doing 3,200 rooms a day pre-COVID with 4,200 
rooms now with 5,000 plus rooms, we should do about 3,600 to 3,800 rooms 
next year. Average rates will definitely come back to the Rs. 4,500 zone. 
Achal Kumar: 
Perfect sir. In the last question if I can squeeze in is that, how do you see the 
overall demand and supply for the hotel industry? Given that of course some 
of the supply has been under financial stress and then some of the supply went 
out of the business also that happened in probably non-branded space, smaller 
space. But overall, I think on the last call you said that now building a hotel or 
constructing a hotel or constructing a room, which will cost anywhere around 
like INR 1 crore is economically not worth it. So looks like probably there may 
not be a huge development or there may not be significant Greenfield projects. 
Overall, how do you see the demand and supply over the next 3-4 years? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
You know, I was joking with somebody that as entrepreneur I am by nature 
optimistic. That's the only way any hotel company could have survived what 

Page 12 of 16 
these three Tsunamis, these three waves hit to us. What I see happening is 
basically, if I go back to pre-COVID time, there was an average rate of growth 
of demand in absolute numbers of rooms in the branded space was about 11% 
to 12% a year for the 10 years pre-COVID from 2009 to 2019. And this was in 
spite of the global financial crisis, demonetization, all that stuff. Still demand 
for branded rooms kept growing in India. And I think you can use airline growth 
as a proxy, because the rate of growth of airline demand roughly can be linked 
to the rate of growth of branded hotels. 
Now, what I understand from what I read from people who study this like hotel 
consulting companies is that supply growth in India is now supposed to slow 
down to 3% to 4%, maybe max 4.5% a year for the next 5 years, so that it takes 
time to build out a hotel. So you can certainly predict the rate of growth of 
supply at least 4 to 5 years out. Keep in mind that supply growth before COVID 
in those 10 years was 15% a year. Now it is going to drop to 3% to 4%. 
I personally don't know exactly how much supply had dried up. My estimate 
based on the Hotel Association of India estimates was roughly 60,000 rooms 
were shut out of 170,000 branded rooms and nearly half of them would come 
back. So maybe 10%-20% of supply will be permanently out of the market. But 
it is difficult to estimate till demand comes back. 
Actually the real knowledge we will get will be when demand comes back to 
pre-COVID levels and supply has been suppressed or shut down, then that will 
be reflected straightaway in the average rates. And I think at some level you 
are seeing that happen with hotel companies. You will notice the average rates 
of any hotel company now have gone up significantly in the last one year. And 
that is an indication to you of how the market is moving. 
So broadly to answer your point, I think there will be a demand supply 
imbalance within the next 6 months. I do accept that large corporate there may 
be some disruption in demand, but it will be more than compensated by retail 
growth. There will be certainly destruction in supply, I cannot estimate. So I'm 
just saying broadly 10% to 20% and therefore I assume that there will be a 
repricing in the hotel sector within 6 months from now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agarwal from VT Capital 
Market. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know, 
could you give a breakup of your revenue from each of your hotel if that’s 
possible with room revenue? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I don't have it here, but you can get it from the presentation in slide 15. 
Nikhil Agarwal:   
Okay sir. What I wanted to understand, I had done the math and it is coming 
up to around Rs. 64 crore and your total revenue is around Rs. 144 crore. So 
like what is driving? Is it your banquet revenue has that really contributing to 
sort of? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Not at all. Look at slide 15. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Sir, you said your margins were improved to 50% post COVID. So what would 
be the per year margin? What would be the year-on margin? 

Page 13 of 16 
Patanjali Keswani: 
So I'm giving it to you. Just go to slide 15 and look at the right first column Q3 
FY22 - The heading is RevPAR, revenue per available room. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Yes. Multiply that by the number of rooms. So Aurika Hotels and Resorts is 
139 rooms x Rs. 8050 rupees a day x 92 days of Q3. Similarly, Lemon Tree 
Premier multiply 1603 rooms by x 287 x 92 and so on. When you add it 
altogether you will get to the room revenue. Room revenue would be about Rs. 
120 to 125 crore. 
Okay, now when you come to margins, just go right to the extreme right and 
the hotel level EBITDA margins are visible in Q3 and you can see it's 68% for 
Aurika, 48% for Lemon Tree Premier, 47% For Lemon Tree Hotel and 44% 
and 29%, and then you can derive the EBITDA. Below EBITDA you only have 
corporate expenses. So it's easy to get net EBITDA, the difference is our net 
EBITDA. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Okay, yes sir. So what I wanted to understand was what would be your margin 
annually. Like this 50% is for quarter three which is a good quarter for the hotel 
industry. So what can you expect your annual EBITDA to be around? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
I do not want to comment on hotel industry, each company has its own 
business model. Let me just say this, that if you look at pre-COVID when we 
were doing, for example in January and February we were doing 3,000 to 3,300 
rooms a day at Rs. 4,500 ARR. Our revenue per day was about Rs. 2.4 crore. 
Our PBT was at, breakeven was at Rs. 2 crore and our cash breakeven was 
at Rs. 1.8 crore. 
Now, I can say quite clearly that we are seeing roughly Rs. 120 crore a year 
on a permanent basis. So our PBT which used to be Rs. 2 crore a day 
breakeven will now be in the zone of Rs.1.7. Our cash breakeven which used 
to be Rs. 1.8 crore will be roughly Rs. 1.45 breakeven. 
Now, next year I don't want to give guidance, but I would expect that we should 
do 3,700 to 3,800 rooms a day at Rs. 4,500 rupees. So revenue should be 
roughly Rs. 2 to 2.5 crore a day and therefore we should be PAT positive 
broadly significantly. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Yes sir. So I wanted to understand like what is your scheme of arrangement in 
Aurika, the MIAL Hotel? It says you own 58%. So is it in partnership with APG? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
It's in partnership with APG. We have a joint venture asset company, which 
owns about 3,000 rooms, out of our own 5,200 rooms. So we 100% own about 
1,600-1,700 rooms and in partnership with APG we own the other 3,500-3,600 
rooms where we have a 59% stake and they have the balance. Aurika MIAL is 
also part of this entity. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Okay. So the Rs. 900 CAPEX is the total CAPEX for the full hotel that you're 
selling. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Right. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Amit Kumar from Determined 
Investments. Please go ahead. 

Page 14 of 16 
Amit Kumar: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Just one question really. You talked 
about the network effect and potential for expansion into top 150 cities in the 
country. What would be the company's footprint now within these 150 cities? 
What is the sort of potential? I mean, you may not be able to cover the entire 
150 over the next 24 months, but where are you now and where do you think 
you will potentially land up over the next two years? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Okay. To answer your point, we are today in 54 cities. And if you really look at 
Pareto, then in 150 cities, there are perhaps 50 cities that account for 80% of 
air traffic, right? We are in all those 50 cities. So anyway we account for -- we 
are in those markets, where 80% of air travel happens. When we go to 150 
cities if and when, because I cannot comment on the timeline, then we will 
capture 100% of at least the visibility in these cities. 
Now with 54 cities, we have 87 hotels. We will be about 105 to 110 hotels within 
the next two years on a confirmed basis. And we will be in about 65 to 67 cities. 
Our intend is that in the next, well, not two years, it will probably take longer, 
but in the next 3 to 4 years, we want to be in as many of those 150 cities as it’s 
possible, and we are going to go after it very aggressively. And we think it will 
have a virtuous cycle effect because every new city you go to, you are able to 
fill that hotel with your presence in the other cities and vice versa. 
So it's no rocket science. It's simply that the larger your network, the more 
visibility you have, the more people you have on the ground, and the greater 
your ability to fill the other hotel. And as I have said, we are very focused with 
domestic Indian market where the demand for branded rooms is growing very 
rapidly. So I think it's a virtuous cycle because the more hotels we bring into 
our network, the more we consolidate a fragmented hotel market and the more 
opportunity we offer to our existing customers. 
Amit Kumar: 
Just one small question in terms of competition among your competitors. 
Which sort of company at the present moment, would probably have the 
largest, would be far advanced in terms of this network effect in terms of their 
presence in these 150 cities are embedded with the network? Are you the 
largest? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
We are paranoid. We think everybody is our competition and also everybody 
is our collaborator. We don't really look at competition on an all-India basis. We 
look at competition regionally and in micro markets. 
So what we really do is, if we go into a certain city, we will say what are the 
five-star chains doing in that city? What are the unbranded standalone hotels 
doing in that city? We will scrape websites. We will look at the average pricing 
of those hotels in the last one year. Of course, last two years is the wrong 
period to look at. But we will look at normal times pricing. We try to estimate 
how we would do there based on our current competitive standing against 
those types of hotels and based on that the location where we are getting that 
hotel to manage. We are able to with a high degree of probability predict the 
kind of performance we do. But that performance which we predict is directly 
linked to the performance of that hotel. It does not take upside into account, 
upside being the business we will get from that city to our other hotel that we 
don't factor which we intend that… 

Page 15 of 16 
Amit Kumar: 
That's more from an operation management perspective. I was more talking 
top down more from a strategy perspective network effect which you expect to 
benefit from over the next 5 years? Are there already chains which are at that 
level of slightly advanced? You have the highest footprint in terms of number 
of cities obviously. 
Patanjali Keswani:  
No, that we have companies like Marriott, InterContinental Hotels, these guys 
have more hotels than us, but obviously under management. Then obviously 
there is Taj which is the Indian giant, which is in I don't know how many cities 
but certainly many more than ours. But these are different markets so, Taj is 
more in the upscale luxury we are more in the mid-scale and going up to 
upscale. So the market demographic, the demand patterns are slightly 
different. There is also a degree of interconnection also. It's difficult for me to 
answer who our competitors are on in India basis. I can tell you in each city, in 
each micro market who we consider a competitor. It is among five chains of 
hotels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Niteen Dharmawat from AUM 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Okay, fantastic. So very detailed presentation, thank you for putting up this 
quarter-on-quarter. What I see is that we are expanding rapidly across the 
geographies and we have been putting up efforts in bringing down the interest 
as I can see. But I see that debt is piling up. So what is our thought process 
with respect to that as we progress and improve the market conditions get 
improved. What is the debt trajectory? If you can give some guidance on that 
for next one year and two-year period. Where do we want to go with respect to 
debt? 
Patanjali Keswani: 
See, we did some internal brainstorming Niteen. We've also got a very actively 
involved board of very smart people. And basically, we want to look at using 
COVID as an opportunity to reinvent ourselves. So Lemon Tree was founded 
by me in September 2002. The first hotel opened in 2004, we had 50 rooms. 
Today 18 years later, we have 170 times the number of rooms. We want to 
move to ideally 25,000 rooms in the next five years, which will give us some 
level of dominance in the domestic mid-market space. In order to do that, we 
ask ourselves what is it that will stop us from getting there. So we've identified 
six to seven key pillars, which will guide us for the next three years on a rolling 
plan basis. 
Number one is that we want to digitally transform our company. And we are as 
I said before, we are working with BCG, they will be hopefully starting their 
assignment in the next 2-3 months, which is enabling us to improve our 
revenue management at a very different level to what most hotel companies 
do. Also our customer contact processes and our backlog. 
The second focus area is talent where we are doing major reviews. We are 
setting up a completely new company, balanced scorecard and KRAs where 
we will heavily drive growth and operational metrics and incentivize in a very 
different way to what we did earlier. 
The third is our ESG focus, we want to be best- in-class in ESG. We’ve given 
our first ESG report last year. We are looking at best-in-class in India definitely 

Page 16 of 16 
metrics in terms of energy, renewable, social initiatives, employing people with 
disability, water management, waste management and so on. 
The fourth is renovation. We are going through a brand architecture exercise 
where we are trying to integrate Keys and each brand is going to have a very 
distinct brand profile and personality. And we intend to renovate backwards all 
our hotels to bring them to those standards. That is also a three-year to five-
year plan. 
Next is, we are looking very closely at our cost structure. We are actually very 
pleased with the fact that we have been able to structurally reduce our costs 
at current levels by Rs. 120 crore a year. And we see that there is still some 
opportunity for another Rs. 20-30 crore which we are evaluating. 
Next is, we want to be debt free within 5 years. So, the first plan is that we will 
try and fund the Aurika Mumbai through internal resources; we will not increase 
our gross debt. And over 5 years we are reasonably confident Lemon Tree at 
most in 5 years, we will be debt free unless we raise some third-party capital 
like we did with APG to reduce debt. 
So those are the options we have on the table, which we are looking at. The 
board is very involved and broadly that's our view. We want to basically 
reinvent ourselves as a new age digitally enabled company and go as asset 
light as possible. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Patanjali Keswani: 
Thank you everybody for listening in, your patience and for your questions.  I 
look forward to talking to you folks again for the next quarter. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
 
