BSL/SEC/22
BSE Limited
Listing Deptt.
Floor 25, P.]. Towers
Dalal Street
MUMBAI - 400 001
Scrip Code: 503722
)\ 13ANSWARA
161h February, 2022
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Listing Department
Exchange Plaza Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), MUMBAI-400 051
Symbol" BANSWRAS"
Subject: Transcript of 03& 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call held on 81h February,
2022.
Dear Sir,
Pursuant
to
Regulation
30
of
the
SEBI
(Listing
Obligations
and
Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Kindly find enclosed a transcript of the Q3 & 9M
FY22 Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, 81h February, 2022. The same is also
available on the website of the Company i.e, www.banswarasyntex.com.
Please take the same on record.
Thanking You,
ni\NSWAIM SYNTEX UMl'lI:;[)
CDnl'mlATI' OFFiCE
5th F~ot}l~ G~)pill Bh~t1,"'i'ilfh HHJ f :Pfjn{~(~:)s StrB(~lf JdllJubdi
;tOO n02
tei +912213G.::BG571·7h ll';ax ~+'H122
~~'20{; ,'Hf!()
ErrmH ; in!()~J!b[lJl5~Nan1fitbrtCt~.,(()m
HE{;I~TEItEI) OFFICE& MIl.l$
IllouM,ml A"'a,, D" i1()(1 Hoad,Hans",,,r,, . 32700! (HajNh;lI1)
Td, +~H :;t~Jf)2
8J; ~S7H7(J ~. HI
Emtll! ~ ~nft)~1Ib(mf;·f\'M\~~·abr.I(:S,({1Jn
\VWW ,ban5Vl~lm\iY'l1tt~J;.corn

~Sc\fLI\NSWARA SYNTEX LIMITED
)
"Banswara Syntex Limited
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call"
February 08, 2022
Disclaimer:
This document is subject to errors and mayor may not contain words which have been
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all
information should be verified with the company by the reader.
"~ BANSWARA
/
MANAGEMENT:
MR.
RAVI
TOSHNIWAL -
MANAGING
DIRECTOR
-
BANSWARA SVNTEX LIMITED
Page J 01'22

',%-\, BANSWAHA
r
Moderator:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Banswara Syntcx Limited <).1 & 9iv1
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking
statements about the company which arc based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations or
the company as on dale of this call. These statements arc not guarantees or future
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that arc difficult to predict. As a reminder,
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "(l" on your touchtonc
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to
Mr. Ravi Toshniwal -- Managing Director or Banswara Syntcx Limited. Thank you and
over to you, Sir.
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome after a long time to our QJ & 9tv1
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call for Banswara Syntex Limited. I wish that each one of
you and your families arc healthy and if you have been through the omicron third wave,
have recovered quickly without any significant health problems.
I am joined on the call by SCiA, our Investor Relations Advisors and I hope everyone has
had a chance to go through our updated investor presentation which we uploaded 011 the
exchange and also on our company website.
For the benefit of the audience who arc joining our earnings call for the first time, I would
like to give you a quick overview of the company followed with a review of the financial
performance during the quarter and the nine months of the current financial year.
Banswnra Syntax is a vertically integrated textile company
which started in 1977
specializing in three focus areas. The production of yarn
M synthetic yarn & poly wool yarn,
fabric and ready-made garments. Our focus has always been on the dress up clothing and on
more value-added suiting. Over the years. we have forayed into many markets in over 50
countries for exports including the US, UK, Canada, Spain, the developed countries in
Europe, Germany, Japan, France, UAE and Turkey. We have always been a product
oriented company with innovation as an important ingredient of our offering.
We have diversified our offerings in textiles looking to the changing choices and the market
conditions. In this respect, we have moved hom dress-up clothing to a little more smart
casual and offerings which arc based on the fact that a lot of people now arc working from
home and require what is called as more comfortable clothing. And in spite of our not being
Page 2 of22

· /~ BANSWAHA
j
Banswara Syntex Lin/lied
February OS, 2022
primarily in the cotton sector, we have been able to achieve within the man-made and poly
wool business a more relevant offering for the present times.
Further we also expanded our technical fabrics. making automotive fabrics and other
technical fabrics, which arc being supplied to the government in defense. Due to a varied
and highly specialized product range, we arc able 10 service a few very good customers in
the domestic and international fashion brands and we arc also integrating automation into
our process as well as SAP software and all latest technologies in our factories to produce
the high quality product and ensure speed and reliability for our customers.
Coming to the financial and operational performance or the company, this year has been
definitely better for us, Vic saw that the third quarter is more or less similar to our second
quarter. We were expecting to be better. but there has been pressure 011 this operating
margin due to a substantial increase in our power and fuel cost. This increased by almost
13.5 Crores over the last quarter.
For the period of nine months ended December 2021. we have been able to increase our
capacity utilization across all of our three key segments - yarn, fabric, and garments. Our
production of fabrics and garments increased by 74% YoY and 121% YoY respectively in
9M FY2022 as compared 109M FY2021.
Our total revenues have increased by 54% year-on-year ill the nine months or FY2022 to
Rs.833.8 Crorcs. Our EBITDA has increased by 66.2% year-on-year to Rs.87.6 Crorcs.
This is primarily due to our higher margins in the garment and fabric business. The current
EBITDA is at about 10.5% of our turnover. The increase in the business or fabric and
garment has helped to partially negate the high impact or our increase in power and fuel
cost, which increased significantly in this quarter.
The PAT for nine months FY2022 stood at Rs.27.3 Crorcs as against a loss 01'2.9 Crorcs in
the nine months of FY2021. For Q3 FY2022, proportion ofthe value added business. which
includes fabric and garments, has increased to 49% of the total sales as compared to 47% in
Q2 FY2022.
At present if you look at the nine months altogether, we arc about 47% of our sales in fabric
and garment and 53% of our sales in yarn. The demand from export market increased
marginally during the current quarter. We were expecting a much higher demand however
the third wave dampened that demand from the export to an extent in Europe and USA.
Page 3 of22

BANSWARA
Banswara Syntex Limited
February OS, 2022
Till': share of exports increased (0 44% ill quarter three FY2022 from :10%1 in quarter two
FY2022: however our EHITDA margins were impacted as mentioned earlier due 10 till"
power and fuel cost, This has been mainly due to the coal prices rising exorbitantly. The
PAT for the quarter stood at Rs 12.2 Crores as against Rs 11.7 Crorcs in the previous
quarter.
Now coming specifically to this increase in the power and fuel cost. We have a peculiar
situation ill that. We arc forced to lise our own thermal power plant and generate up (0
300,000 units internally due 10 the connection that we have from the Rajasthan Stale
Electricity Board being a 33 KYA C01~llcction on a rural feeder and the quality ofpower not
being stable enough
in that connection. This leads to us having to rely 011 our own
generation of a consistent energy through the thermal power, and this wns something that
we have been forced to use and not switch on' our power and revert to the stale electricity
board until we get a line which is better and this work is already 011 and we hope that soon
we will have consistent power available through RSEH: however this will take time as the
line is being worked upon.
In the last quarter how due to the runmvay coal prices we had an increase or Rs D.5 Crorcs
in power cost alone and in fact, alter this increase also we have been able to achieve similar
profits in this quarter, which means that our operating margin was much better.
For your information, traditionally in the past, Banswara has been doing almost 58Ir {) of its
turnover in fabric and garments in FYI 8 & FY19, And so also in FY20, we did 58% of our
turnover in fabric and garments whereas at this moment we arc at 47%. So we still have a
gap of almost 10% to II % from our normal segmental revenue that we get in fabrics and
garments as the fabrics and garments revenue has not increased as much due to our being in
the formal clothing sector primarily.
We believe that the market however continues to be good and increased cost to an extent
are being passed on. We arc hopeful that with some coal prices stabilizing the power and
fuel cost will correct sooner or we will move to the RSEB power as soon as the connection
is stabilized. Going ahead, we arc confident on the industry growth and we believe that
Banswara is best placed to capture a large pie of the opportunity arising when the latent
demand for dress-up clothing is addressed. People arc coming back to social gatherings, the
marriages arc increasing, ceremonial clothing is back in demand, and we sec that the order
book position remains good and the business sentiment and business outlook remains
positive both in the domestic and export markets.
Page 4 of22

0~;l3ANSWAHA
;
Moderator:
Y::Ish Agarwal;
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara .5)/11/0: Limited
February 08. 2022
We have never wavered from our belief in the kind of fabrics and garments thai we produce
and our yarn quality that supports it. The yarn business is experiencing a very, very good
buoyant demand at the moment: however it seems that the fabric and the garment demand is
also coming back with equal vigor.
The order book visibility is high in fabric and garment and we-arc focusing on improving
capacity utilization at these segments. I would like 10 say that many or the cost reductions
we have achieved in this COYlD period in the last 1\\'0 years, will be permanent, and we
have a leaner cost structure. We have reduced significant portion or employees, a higher
productivity per employee has been achieved.
We agree that our recovery is taking a little longer than many others who have been in the
cotton segment. Primarily in the cotton business, there has been 11 boom due to the fact that
the Chinese cotton is not preferred in the USA and in many other countries with the concern
that they have on human rights violations. This did not happen in synthetics, however the
synthetic demand due to the high prices of cotton now stand a great opportunity and we see
thar the demand in synthetics is every day increasing and as soon as this third wave part is
now, which we hope is getting over, we are seeing the pickup already in our order book.
Now, J think that the recovery for us as compared to the casual sector, has been a little bit
slower, but we expect that this will soon catch up. So, I think that is all I have to say for
now and look forward to hear from all of you your questions and I am happy to answer
what J can. Thank you everyone.
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
question is from the line of Yash Agarwal from JM Financial. Please go ahead.
I-Ii! Good afternoon Sir, and congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question was that
if I see quarter-on-quarter, we mentioned that the utilization of fabric and garment went up
from 67% & 51% to 71% & 54%. Then why there is a quarter-on-quarter decline in
revenues, that is something which I wanted to understand.
The decline in revenue from the last quarter is very marginal, J mean, we are talking about
the decline 1'1'0111 Rs 3J2 crore to Rs 307 crorc. That is hardly significant in that sense
because we had a 101 of goods, which arc produced and not lifted in the fabric and garment
business clue to the third wave. We had a lot of postponements on delivery, so we could not
translate it into the actual turnover.
Page 5 of22

,j"~;llANSWAHA
I
Vasil Agarwal:
Ravi ToshniwaJ:
Yash Agarwal:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Vash Agarwal:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Yash Agarwal:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara Syntax Limited
February 08, 2022
And what would be the utilization currently of these fabric and garment units, arc they
further higher or they arc at that level.
So in Q4FY22, the utilization has improved even more, and [hal is why I was mentioning
that our target is to get to 58-60<Yo of our turnover in fabric and garment, which at present is
at 47%. So this call be achieved when fight now our garment utilization is I think close to
85% and our fabric utilization is close to 75%.
And when do you sec that happening, the utilization going tip to that level.
This 75% in fabric utilization at the moment is expected to go up to 85~90% from the next
year onwards. So let us say by FY22~23, we definitely hope to achieve this.
Also given the fact that coal and all costs are moving up substantially even as we speak.
What sort of price increase arc we able to take on the value-added segment and is it
immediate or do you feel there will be a lag in this'?
To some extent we have been able to get
5~7% increases across our garment and fabric
prices and yarn prices have even been more elastic and we have been able to increase yarn
prices quite significantly. So, we arc not sure if the yarn price \~rill continue to be as buoyant
as it has, but definitely now, inflation as a factor in the garment and in the fabric. is being
accepted by most customers and they arc paying higher.
And also, what is the Capex plan for the next 12 to 24 months or we arc just focusing on
reducing our debt even from here.
Yes, the Capcx plan we had earlier communicated as well. Jt is about 80 Crores. and this is
a Capex which is really being used to make our sustainability initiatives, our power
situation, which will be a combination of the solar power as well as making sure that we
have the SEn power available rather than coal. Moving away from coal sustainability of all
our initiatives to ensure that the water and air quality that we use, the carbon footprint is
reduced. So. there is a lot of investment happening in those areas plus there is a
modernization and a little bit of maintenance Capex. So that is all that we arc doing there is
no more Capcx planned. Capacity already exists both in the fabric and garment division to
increase turnover. We have only to make sure that our customers when they come back are
happy to take from us, moving to the China Plus One strategy for a lot of the customers is a
reality now, and the only challenge has been that the demand that they had for our kind of
Page 6 of22

,
""'\
}
BANSWARA
13(/11.1'11'/11'11 Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
product both in garments and fabric was low due 10this third wave. Once this clears out th.u
demand should increase substantially.
Yash Agarwal:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Yash Agarwal:
Moderator:
Bajrang Bafna:
Ravi Toshniwal:
And has there been any impact on the domestic demand for garments and fabrics in the
current month in the omicron month or it has been relatively at the..
The domestic has been slightly down, but not much in I1KI it has been much more robust
than the export demand. And we sec that the domestic sentiment towards whatever they
want to buy from us all our key customers whether it is the Aditya Birla Group and Madura
or Arvind or Raymond's everyone. All the brands in India arc now looking at increasing
their exposure with us.
Sure. Thank you so much for answering all my questions.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafuu from Sunidhi Securities and
Finance. Please go ahead.
Congratulations for a good set of numbers Ravi Sir. Just on the couple of questions, one you
rightly pointed out that power was the major issue during the quarter where we have to lift
the high coal prices and that has impacted our margins and you arc already on course to go
the cost normalization may be in next couple of months. But you have already indicated that
there is some investments which is going on the solar power side. So I just want to
understand from a broader strategy perspective that if we try to compare India to China on
this energy cost side, if we come to the solar power used to a great extent, probably will be
more competitive we live in other parts of the world in terms of energy cost utilization. So
when can we expect this solar to be meaningful for our company and will be getting major
chunk of our power requirements of the through solar, if you could highlight that and what
sort ofsavings that you arc looking at. it will be really helpful.
I think you raised a very important point about the competitiveness of India to China and
particularly in the power pari because power is a major cost of our textile business. So we
are seeing that now we had fortunately ordered all our solar power for about 4.5 megawatts
just before many of the increases happened in the solar panel cost. Solar panel costs have
gone up, so actually one now wants to put up solar power it is a little bit more expensive
than what it was maybe a year ago. However, even now the return on this is significantly
good and maybe about 3-3.5 years for all the money that you put into solar you get a return
back at the current pmver prices. We have put in about 18 Crorcs currently which we will
be spending up to March 2023 in which we will be getting around 4.5 megawatts of solar
Page 70f22

< "\ BANSWARA
i
Bajrang Bafna:
Ravi Tcshniwal:
Bajrang Bafna:
Ravl Toshniwal:
Bajrang Bafna:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
power and we will continue 10 invest to basically sec to it that we usc a solar PO\\'CI' in the
day and in the evening and once the sun is down, we arc able \0 buy cheaper rate electricity
from the state electricity board. So, the good part about solar is that it is available during the
day when the energy costs arc higher and when it is not available, you can take a lower
power cost of the grid. And this is exactly the economy we wish to achieve and move away
from coal. So, most others have been better than us in moving away from coal faster. This
has been a weakness which we acknowledge and we arc now on the job to make sure that
this weakness is removed mainly because it is much cheaper now and to buy from the SEn
and it is not our business to really produce power, our business is to remain sustainable and
be able to give customers the kind of product we have without an impact on the
environment. So we have already made a big initiative in using recycled polyester where
Banswara is ahead of most others in this curve and our customers arc appreciating that we
are able to give a high quality product even with recycled fiber and we have solved many of
the challenges that arc associated with using recycled fiber to produce high quality
products, So I think that sustainability means the solar initiative as welt as having a clean
footprint on your water and other carbon footprint is important and for this we need to stop
coal.
So Sir, this 4.5 megawatt I hope it will come by the end of this financial year. Arc we going
to further invest in the solar side maybe in FY2023 or in FY2024 to get our requirement
marc from solar,
Yes we will, we will continue to invest in that. And as and when panel costs may stabilize
and whenever we see the opportunity we will continue to invest we have enough land
available on our rooftops itself. We have enough within a hundred acre complex that we
have in Banswara to be able to theoretically install a capacity of close to 24~25 megawatts
that exists and if we do that then more or less during the day at eight hours, one could
literally run on solar power.
You said 25 to 30 megawatts will be sufficient for us to meet the complete requirement for
us,
Absolutely but the point is that it only gets used for eight hours a day,
Yes, That I got in the evening you can get that SE13 power to..
Correct. So that is a good balance which most mills have done in fact much more ahead of
us, we have been slow Oil this curve.
Page 8 of22

'''" .13ANSWAHA
).
Bajraug Barna:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Bajrang Bafnn:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
So after this 4.5 mcgawau what will be the total solar that we will be having Of this is the
first one that we arc doing.
This is the first major one \VC arc doing, we have done only about 350 kilowatts so Ill!"just
as an experiment before.
And my second question pertains to again 011 the China side as you also commented Oil your
opening remarks that on the cotton side that is a complete ban from US beenliseor the those
human rights issues,' but the similar thing is not applicable to synthetics yet but in the
current season there arc two things which I want to understand from yOll. One is thaI, when
the cotton prices have gone significantly higher right now, my understanding is that the
mixing of synthetic to the cotton is going to be higher to minimize the cost impact that 1110St
of the garment manufacturers arc racing at this point of time both on the domestic as well as
on the global side. My second question is that \VIHlt exactly do you sec from a broader
strategy perspective for India that we become more and more competitive vis-a-vis China
when we will talk about synthetics especially.
Even in synthetics the largest field of course is 100% polyester filament India and in 100%)
polyester filament, India has become significantly competitive also with large capacities
existing. We have one of the largest polyester fiber capacities also for spun polyester yarn
and spun poly viscose blended yarn. Also we have Grasim which supplies the viscose
which is the largest producer of viscose in the world. So as far as raw materials arc
concerned whether it is filament yarn, polyester fiber or viscose fiber, we arc very strong,
and this is an advantage for us using, I mean, there are a few key players in India, Banswara
Syntex being one ofthe largest units, that is doing fiber dyed yams and fabrics made from
fiber dyed yarns whose main applications arc in the suiting business and uniform business
where we have an advantage over piece-dyed goods that China does, when you do piece-
dyed you get color continuity challenges and color fastness Issues. Our product is inherently
superior to the Chinese product in fiber dyed and this is the reason we arc trying to usc this
as a lever to be able to go to the customers. Traditionally we used to be more expensive than
the Chinese when we have now examined out' costs after the COVID and we have reduced
our cost structures become leaner, we find that we are able to match the Chinese prices and
still get an EBlTDA margin which is good for fabric and for garment. So we lind now that
we do not need to do more than offer the same prices china is offering, offer the lead time
that they arc being able to do and the customer will come to us, They are giving us the
opportunity of course they would not givc us a better price than China and of course they
would not give us any advantage ill lead time, they will want both from us. And I think we
are able to lind a way to reduce and we have reduced our lead times from 60 days to 45
Page 9 of22

BANSWAHA
Bajrang Bafnn:
Moderator:
Pritesh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
clays for the fabric. We arc able to as a vertical mil! offer a packaged garment from our
Sural and Daman unit and deliver into the Bombay pO]'1 very quickly within another 30
days. So in 75 days we arc able to get a garment onto
11 ship and moving for our western
markets and even Japan and Korea. So we arc able to really compete with China effectively
with a good planning and with material and raw material 'available. I do not sec why, we
will no! be a significant competitor to China ill the synthetic business.
Thank you.
Thank you. The next question is n'0111 the line of Pritcsh Chhcda from Lucky Securities.
Please go ahead.
Sir, in one of the previous calls in December, we mentioned that we wen: running at about
140 Crorcs of revenue per month run rate. I am just wondering when the quarter numbers
were there.
140 Crorcs you said.
Yes.
I do not think we gave 140 Crorcs anytime during this year you arc talking about pre-
COYID.
No, communication was about a slightly higher revenue run rate in the past quarters
communication. So I am just wondering is there any challenges that we arc facing in terms
of the revenue ramp up and second this asset that we have of yarn is any case 90% plus
utilized, but combined asset of yarn plus fabric plus garment, what kind of revenue potential
do you see here, ifyou could help us understand. When would you achieve that revenue.
Yes, I mean, Rs 140 Crorcs revenue per month we can probably get in the next quarter but
that will be more 11)1' FY2023, Right now we arc thinking of closing at about a revenue of
Rs 1150 crorc and we have in this financial year 2022 and we arc right now at Rs 822 crorc.
So, 822 to JJ50 is what we will achieve in the next quarter. So I think that run rate is
already a little bit better than what run rate we have been achieving so far or Rs 330 crorc
for the quarter as compared to let us say Rs 310 crorc or Rs 307 crorc, that we have got in
the last two quarters that is about Rs l l0 crcrcs. From Rs 110 crcrc to get to Rs 140 crore
like I said right now our fabric division is at 7Y% utilization and the garment is at 80-85%.
This will ramp lip and we will have our garment utilization have increasing both in the
Page 10 of22

, ?\ BANSWARA
I
Pritcsh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritcsh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Prttcsh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chhcda:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
number of jackets we make and value added product we make, Even our worsted sales and
type of product we have in fabric is improving. So, the challenge bas been that the more
expensive fabrics have been selling less, since we have been selling less suits. Now \VC arc
seeing the {rend reverse and we arc getting more orders for woo] and for poly wool and for
more expensive fabrics that are coming into suits. So, we can sec that the revenue ramp up
will improve from the next quarter onwards.
And what happens to the margin because some years back we were doing 12%, 13'%
margin.
Right so. I mean, we expect to get back to 13% again for the next year for sure and then
eventually our target is to get to 15% in two, three years Ih111l now, This is this is where we
remain and continue to be focused on our strength ill poly viscose and poly wool and
synthetics. The cotton business is growing a lot, but this is not our field. our field remains
with this.
My last question is, with maintenance Capex only outlined by us and Jew Capex is like a
solar power. What happens to the debt number over the next three years.
So the debt will continue to drop and we are expecting that we will be debt free to some
extent, I mean, with a minor amount to be given because we arc doing some modernization
will be always borrowing. But overall our cost of interest as well as our cost for whatever
finance ""C usc will continue to drop.
So your Capcx will be less depreciation you have a Rs 50-55 Crores depreciation number.
Yes, so Capex is going to be this year a little bit more Rs 80 Crorcs because we are doing
significant amount of power in the solar and whatever cost we have to improve the
infrastructure. But our credit rating already improved and we have now moved to A- and
that has already improved our interest costs that we are paying and I think that more or less
they will be on par the depreciation and alii' investment.
Rs 80 Crorcs is for FY22?
FY23 not FY22.
FY22 & FY23 both years put together or FY22 80 Crorcs and 2023.
Page 11 of22

BANSWAHA
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chhcda:
Ravl Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chhcda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chhcda:
R:wi Toshnlwal:
Pritesh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chheda:
Ravi Toshnlwal:
Pritcsh Chheda:
Ibvi Toshniwal:
Prttcsh Chhedn:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chhcda:
Banswara Syntcx Limited
February 08, 2022
FY2023.
FY2023 is 80 Crorcs.
Correct and the initiation will be maybe around 50, 50, 60 something like that it is a little bit
more.
And Sir, debt number at year end then your opinion should be what.
About the same level as we arc now so it is about Rs 200~250 Crorcs or so.
Just one clarification. this power cost impact will continue furtherright.
It wi[I continue tor at leas! a couple of quarters maybe if the coal price docs not go down.
And then it should with a better utilization ofthe asset you should sec..
It is a double benefit. One will be the reduction in the power cost which will equalize us to
the state electricity board cost and we will be where everyone is. Right now, we arc getting
a better operating margin but our cost of power being more expensive we arc having [0 give
away that. So this will take about six months to neutralize or if the coal cost goes down we
will be lucky.
So this solar power assets will come when next year.
Solar power will also not take care of the full thing what we have to do is move to the state
electricity board power away Jl'OI11 OLlr 33 KYA to the 132 KVA connection. That is in
work and it takes a little bit time with RSEI3 to do that.
And what is your total consumption of power at the Banswara complex.
\Ve consume around roughly more or less 450,000 units a day.
Ifyou have to convert into megawatt usage per annum.
The megawatt consumption will be roughly around 25 or 27 MWsomething like that.
Out of that you are putting the first 4.5 megawatt.
Page 12 of22

13ANSWARA
Ravi Toshniwal:
Prttesh Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Pritesh Chheda:
Moderator:
Jainis Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Jainis Chhcda:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February OR, 2022
Correct. So it is just maybe about 20%.
And this solar power will come in the year end right or next year.
No solar power should start in April. April, May it will be beginning the 4.5 megawatts.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, The next question is from the line of Jainis Chhcda front Spark Capital. Please
go ahead.
Good afternoon Sir. I just wanted to get an understanding from the industrial perspective
that China Ptus One story which is happening right now in the textiles. is it only for the
cotton yarns or is it benefiting companies like you who arc into synthetic or blended yarns
as well.
It is showing a benefit to us as well in terms of the demand Irom both the US (Inti European
and customers allover the world. The difference is that there is no particular ball, so Chinn
continues to be a competitor in the synthetic part of the business. However the supply
chains arc moving more towards Bangladesh and Sri Lanka and India to supply the
garments. So this is why we arc in a better position to provide if we can match the price of
the Chinese, the goods hom the region of the world. And I think this is going to be a
significant game changer where we can sec that over this period of time as the treaties are
playing out if we can have a FTA coming in with UK or if we can have something
happening with Australia. So just like already we have an FTA with Japan and with Korea
and \VC arc seeing significant business increasing there because of the FTA already being
operated for so many years and the interest moving away from China now. So, I think that
there is it is only a question of maybe a year or two and you can see that the Chinese have
moved out of many of the woolen worsted businesses because their O\VI1 consumption
domestically has increased and the capacities arc not increasing significantly. The Chinese
arc not taking as much of an interest in the overall textile segment as they arc in many other
businesses. And I think there is no reason to assume that now synthetics is something where
we will not experience the China Plus One working equally.
If it is possible to give a Humber, what is the size of the market that is shifting out from
China and how much of'that is coming to India.
Page 13 of22

'''''' BANSWARA
,
Ravi Teshniwal:
Jainis Chheda:
Ravi Toshniwal:
.Ialnis Chhcdn:
Moderator:
Niraj Mansingka:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Niraj Mansingka:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Niraj Mnnsingka:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
Well all we need is maybe 2% or J% of the shill to happen globally and because China
controls I think around 36% to 37% of the globaltrade and we have maybe less than 51hl.
And in terms of value what would it be.
In terms of value, ! do not know, but it is significant amount or billions or dollars. So there
is really no, I mean, if we got a 1%) shift away from China WI,': would be really floating in
orders.
Okay, thank yon so much.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka front While Pine
Investment Management. Please go ahead.
Hi! Thank you Sir for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the demand of the yam
which is picked up as well as the fabric and garment. Do you think it is more on related to
pent up or do you think it is more to do with the regular intake of demand.
I would think that see the yarn business has a very good demand and even more so than our
fabric and garment business. Primarily because a lot of end users for yarn now have got
significantly higher demand than before. Like say, for home furnishing, mattresses and
various other applications whcn people in the pandemic have increased consumption in
those areas. The apparel business has overall gone down, but yet we are experiencing, so
we have not come back to our original apparel demand pre-pandemic. We have not yet
experienced the pent-up demand. This isjust a filling which is happening of the amount of
stores which are now going empty and they are just wanting to till back the goods into the
stores the pent-up demand is yet to come in my view.
So then what has changed that the utilization is sustained at 90% because prc-COvll) the
margins was not as high as it right now. So wanted to understand ..
So in yarn, this is primarily because a lot of the yarn capacity that is globally there with
China is not working anymore for whatever reason that capacity has been shut. A lot of the
people never went back to work after COVID into the yarn business at all in China.
You are talking about PV yarn on that you are making right.
Page 14 of22

,,~; HANSWARA
)
Ravi Toshniwal:
Niraj Mausingka:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Niraj Mansingka:
Ravl Toshniwal:
Niraj Mansingka:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Niraj Mansingka:
Ibvi Tcshniwal:
Banswara 5)IJ1/ex Limited
February 08, 2022
PY, cotton, most or the yarns, even synthetic and poly wool yarns. The yarn capacity
globally there is a shift ill the yarn capacity utilization from China towards other countries.
So then it would imply a very high growth rate in the export orders in the yarn side. Is it a
right statement'?
It is true.
But India docs not have so much capacity. Then how do companies like you. how do you
envisage going forward on that.
So our capacity is almost we are producing 3000 tons ofyarn per month in poly viscose and
we produce about 150 tons in poly wool and all of it is specialty yarns which arc dyed. So
this is a significant capacity on any global level. So I do not sec'why
\V~~ should increase
further capacities right now even though the government is offering the PLl and all that. At
some point some of the capacities globally that are not being used at the moment will
revive when the pent-up demand and when all of demand revive. So. we arc being cautious
in making sure that we improve the overall margin and type of product and type or
customers we want to service. If we can do both those things there is without much risk in
further investment, we will be able to improve our profitability and utilization.
If you have to put a number like say utilizing optimally most of the yarn and the fabric and
garment what can be the revenue number on today's revenues. on today's realization.
We are talking about Rs 1600 Crores is possible and that Rs 1600 Crorcs two years from
now, we could have an EBITDA margin of' maybe 15% and be at around Rs 240-260
EBlTDA.
Can you just share some understanding of the prices of the yarn in the market how has it
moved since end of quarter December and now just ifyou cnn give some color on that.
So, J think that the prices of yarn have been moving even higher than the raw material price
increases and this is because the demand has been significantly high <Inc! there is a shortage
like you said the export demand also is there and domestic demand is also there. So there is
due to the supply chain restrictions and material availability being low, people arc willing to
pay higher prices and J think this higher prices has been almost 10 the extent of J0%
increase maybe about RsJO to Rs.35 a kilo has been increases which have happened ill the
last two three months.
Page 15 of 22

BANSWAHA
Niraj Manstngka:
Havi Tushniwal:
Niraj Mansingka:
Ravi Tushniwal:
Niraj Mansingka:
Rnvi Toshniwal:
Niraj Mnnsingkn:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Niraj Mnnslugka:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
And how much would that flow. is the full impact already there in the <)3 numbers right
now it will come in the Q4 effectively.
A lot of the impact will come in the Q4 because we did 1101 manage 10 clear a Jot of the
stock of goods in finished products ill fabric and garment where the lining turned slow. So,
all of that when it gets and we get OUl' stock position down to a normal level, \VC will sec
that improvement in Q4FY22.
So then the margins can be a reasonable improvement in the fourth quarter right because or
the current scenario.
Yes, because we more or less the same margin. J do not see the big change between Q4 and
Q3 in margin, but there will be better turnover overall and therefore the figures for Q4
should be slightly better than what we have had for Q3 for sure. Always we have been best
in the last quarter.
So last question, you do not emphasize yourself adding capacity in any or these products
like fabric or garments say three years or four years down the line.
We arc adding capacity in knitting. And we arc doing value-added knits in poly viscose and
poly wool blends and this is where we arc making some investments but it is not huge. It
will be maybe Rs.8 or Rs.IO Crorcs in this kind ofknitting and our finishing should be able
to take care of it. So some additions in finishing equipment, some additions ill knitting that
is about what we arc talking about. Once, we have achieved the Rs 1600 Crores turnover
then we can think of a new Greenfield investment and we are expanding some capacity in
our garment division. So the garment division we have restructured and we have added
some more capacities because we see that the garment business will be important. And at
that point we are also thinking now of making a foray into direct to consumer brands and
we arc looking at some brands that we may wish to acquire.
But was it envisage our larger investment and a huge timclinc for that or just your thought
on that.
So, at this point we are not looking at making an aggressive investment with the PL! we arc
looking more at consolidating our EB1TDA margin and making sure that whatever funds
we have are deployed towards making infrastructure very robust.
Got it Sir. Thank you very much.
Page J6 of22

"7-,-\ r~A:NSWA:RA
II
Moderator:
Sumesh GuJeria:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sumesh Guleria:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sumcsh Guleria:
Ravi ToshniwaJ:
Sumesh Culerla:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumesh Gulcria from Green Portfolio.
Please go ahead.
I-j i! Sir, my question is on thejoint venture side. So last year we sold some I()!% slake 10 the
Korean company, the automotive engineer company. and suddenly after that my revenue
went lip from Rs 29 crorc to Rs 63 Crorcs on the ,IV. So what exactly is happening in that
.JV and why exactly did we sell the 10% stake.
Yes, so the 10% stake selling to colon was strategic because il allows us access to the
Korean Chat BaJJ and all ofthe Korean makers. So it allowed us access to Hyundai and Kia
and all ofthe molars that are being made by the Korean companies. So this is typically how
the automotive industry works wherein they tend to HIVor certain companies to work with.
So J think that is one or the reasons why the turnover we saw was increasing. So now we
have access to some European as well as the Korean and some of the US makers on the
cars. So, I think that the automotive industry the only constraint has been the supply of
chips otherwise our automotive business would have grown even more and within this joint
venture, we have also opened another unit now in Chcnnai. So I think there will be some
growth happening but for the next 3~4 months, there arc headwinds due to chip supply.
Historically this .IV has not performed that well; I mean, it was most of the years for 7~8
years, it was loss making and last year it made a PAT of around 1.53 Crores. So what
exactly can we expect in two, three years will it be contributing significantly to my
significant amount of revenue or PAT.
Not really that significantly. We do see that it helps our capacity utilization and that is why
it is important for us in a period where in this whole last two years we were struggling to
usc capacity in the formal sector. This particular amount of fabric which we were producing
for the automotive business at leastkept us going and it nils that capacity hole.
So it is a more of an internal consumption so we arc catering it to the lV.
Absolutely.
My next question is on the Daman garment division plan. So. last time I read somewhere
that you arc planning J{Jr some larger campus in Daman. So to bring the entire garment
under aile roof. So what will happen to the Surat plant and what kind of Capcx outflow we
can expect over here and what is the current status of that outflow.
Page 17 of22

BANSWAHA
Banswara Syntex Limited
February OS, 2022
Ravl Toshniwal:
Sumesh Guleria:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sumesh Guleria:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sumesh Gulcria:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sumesh Guler!a:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sec the reason is thai, now we are consolktaung our garment business for all of tile
compliances and having a factory which is compliant with all regulations when we have to
service customers like UniqJo and Zara. This was the reason to shill a lot or it to the unit in
Daman, And Sural will continue to be an SEZ and as fill' as the SEZ rules arc concerned if
they change, it will help us if we arc able to also sell from Sural into the domestic market
because sometimes the domestic demand is higher and sometimes export demand is higher
and we never know which one. So, if we can have the flexibility if the SEZ rules change
that will be a bonus otherwise we continue to use till' SCZ for the purposes of only export
and domain as a flexible linit for both exports and domestic supply.
So any, I mean, significant amount of Capex we arc doing there for the expansion. So can
we quantify that the number and what is the current status or that.
It is only about 10 to 15 Crores of money that has been spent in Daman and Surat, no more
than that. So that is going to just allow us to get to a level where maybe we can get to 350
Crores of turnover in our garment business.
So for next year financial year 2023 right.
I do not know exactly if it will be achieved in 2023 or maybe it will take a little another
more six months or so to be able to get the better run rate.
So capacity per se if I may ask like how much capacity will be improved my total capacity
under garmentdivision because of this.
So what we are doing is, we will have maybe about 400,000 pants per month and we will
have up to about 70,000 jackets per month. And right now our ratio ofjackets has fallen and
the pants part is better in utilization so as soon as the value-addedjackets part becomes back
to that 60000-70000 figures, we will sec that the EBITDA margin will significantly
improve in the coming months.
No Sir, actually my question was like so this 4000 and 70000. So this is my capacity so
once I do that 10, 15 Crorcs Capcx in Daman so then what will be the additional capacity
that I mightbe using.
Not much. It wit! just increase my jacket capacity front maybe 60000 to 90000.
Page 18 of22

< "\ BANSWAHA
!
Sumesh GUICriH:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sumesh Gulcrta:
Ravi Toshnlwal:
Sumesh Guleria:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Sumesh Gulcria:
Moderator:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
I have another last question if J may ask. So l.lniqlo, lara and l-l&M, you usc the word
strategic partnership especially on the Uniqlo side. So what exactly docs that strategic mean
and likecan you give some insight on that.
What we mean is that when you are talking about these large customers \\'110 arc a billions
of dollars or companies, that there Uniqlo for example has got a significant presence in
India also which they have planned. We arc wanting to be adopted as their mother mill for
certain products in poly wool and poly viscose. And if thai happens, we will be a global
supplier to them for this product across all of the demand they may have anywhere in the
world. So we are working towards that with them and trying 10 replace the Chinese products
with what can come out of India.
And are we doing that with Zara and j--J&M as of now because the same terminology was
used for Zara and H&M also.
No at this moment Uniqlo is stronger and Zara and H&M have quit in the pandemic. So we
arc trying to revive the relationship after the pandemic they moved back to turkey in a way
and tried to stay more closer to Europe. So, they have not yet been engaging in a active
dialogue yet. We arc hoping that they will come back post this whole settling down of the
third wave.
And last question, any further JVs because there was talk like you will be entering into
some strategic JVs with some companies in the pipeline. So any anything happening on
that.
No there is no plan for JVs in fact we arc quite confident now that having learnt what we
have from both the French as well as the Portuguese partnerships that we have had. We
understand what is required be delivering European quality and to be able to make the kind
of product that the customers want and there is no significant add-on by having a .IV with a
European customer we will only be giving away margin. So, we are going to continue on
our own and address the customers directly and we do not see the need for the name to be
European or adding another cost on that front.
Okay Sir, thank you. Thanks a 101.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rikcn Gopaul from Capri Global. Please
go ahead.
Page 19 of22

<,~iBANSWJ\HJ\
)
Ril{cn Gopaul:
Ravi Toshuiwal:
Rikeu Gopani:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Riken Gopani:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara Syntex Limited
February 08, 2022
Hi! Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Firstly
J wanted to understand if J look at the
segment-wise revenues historically. Still your revenues in fabric and ferment would be at
least 30~40% lower than what you have achieved uh at the peak in the past. Now given
China Plus story as well as now that the unlock has sort or achieved and the order books
that you have, what visibility you have in achieving let us say fabric I think has achieved
600 Crorcs peak revenue in the past and 300 Crorcs for garment. What time frame do you
think you would be able to achieve these peak numbers and surpass them going forward.
We would say at the outset it will begin to happen in FY23 and by
FY2,~ we should
definitely surpass it.
Okay. So apart from the fact that you mentioned that it is more to do with also our presence
more being in the formal segment are there any other factors which have also impacted our
ability to reach there, faster there and what other colton players would have SC0J1.
No real other reason at all. It is just that our customers have been mainly the best of the suit
people and the one who arc more in the dress up clothing and this has always been
challenging in the last two years.
While you did mention that you are sort of moving into the categories like casuals where
there is a higher demand today. What would be the proportion today and could it be
possible for you to expand that to a meaningfulnumber in the medium-term.
We arc moving into more fabrics for pants with stretch and that stretch fabrics for pants and
which go into chinos or into five pocket jeans. So that part is the segment which we have
expanded considerably and maybe it is right /lOW around 25~30% of out' overall fabric
production which used to be only maybe about 5-10% before. So this has helped us to move
into a smart casual category. And I think it could go up to maybe 30-40%, but we do not
intend to get out ofthe suit business we think that the suit business will come back it is just
a question of time and people will be back to dressing up and getting back to work all over
the world the way they used to. This is just a period which has been very unusual for the
last two years in terms of the trends. Then there will be a nostalgia to going back to the suit
I am sure.
And for you, this segment mix within a fabric or let us say going between suits or the smart
casuals, docs it change the realization or the margins in any way or is it sort of similar.
Page 20 of22

Ravi Toshniwal:
Riken Copuui:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Riken Gopani:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Banswara Syntex Limited
Fe/Jr//OI)J OS, 2022
The margins will not change signiflcnnrly when you arc talking about very casual clothing
like knits or Tcshirts or shorts and stuff like that, there the margins arc lower. HUI as we arc
talking about smart casual to dress up and suits there is not significant difference for us.
Understood. I have one question on the export segment that is about LJ4<% or the revenue in
the quarter. Now this also in the past has trended at 46-47% in historical data points so with
the current scenario what is it that sort or could drive this number higher are you seeing any
reasons for this to look at 50~50 in the next one or two years ifbecause in the past you have
commented that turkey's devaluation does impact demand in some form is that causing any
impact to market share or is exports a segment where you me looking forward 10 grow
significantly. What is your outlook on that segment.
Yes, I think the key 10 this lies in what happens in terms or the FTA's and preferential
treatment that India gets all over the world as a supplier and it does not depend only on the
treaties that happen, but also on the fact that strategically what Europe and what USA and
what Japan and Korea want to do in terms of giving a portion of their business away from
China into India as a package. Now we stand uniquely in a position where we can deliver
the whole value chain right from libel' to garment in the value-added product from one
company and this is there arc not many companies like us at all who are able 10 do this and
all this within the geography starting From where the raw materia! is produced like say
viscose is at Nagda which is like about J00 kilometers away from us. Gujarat where most of
the Reliance Fiber from polyester is available and we are able to manage within II
geography of400~500 kilometers, the entire supply chain and managed to reach the port. So
if anybody can achieve speed and economies of scale on these kind of formal products we
can and this is a significant area where India has not yet been able to grab a significant
share of the world trade. \Ve see that this will happen for liS and we continue tn try and
make that happen and I think the opportunity has never been better.
Understood and one last question on the pricing you did mention that given that customers
do appreciate the inflation you have been able to take a 5% to 7% price hike in garments
and fabric. Will that sort of take care of the inflation that you continue to sec in coal and on
the power and fuel cost or will this sort of help you to sort of get on to the margin trajectory
that you had expected earlier.
It will certainly help but not as much because at the end of the day people will pay what is
nuu'ket price and not more. And if our cost of power is higher than others then it is not
going to help our margin 10 that extent. We have to reduce our cost of power, we have to
move away and there is no other choice on that.
Page 21 of22

''",\ BANSWARA
i
RiI{cn Gopani:
Ravi Toshniwal:
Riken Gopani:
Moderator:
Ravi Tushniwal:
Moderator:
Banswara Svntex Limited
February 08, 2022
Understood. So this switching from the internal consumption 10 SEB consumption will he
sort of complex you did mention that it docs take time but by one do you sort or on 11 base
case basis expect that 10 be tully executed.
I am not sure because there arc certain challenges in this location and there is the concerns
of the SEB have to be addressed in terms ofthe manpower availability right 110\\' due to the
pandemic and all. BUI I can give you an update again in the next meeting or I can send an
update lip in the website as to what would be the situation but I think it is going to take ut
least a year.
Understood okay. Thank you so much. Sir.
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we will take that as a last question.
I would now like to hand (he conference over to Mr. Ravi Toshniwal for closing comments.
Thank you and over to you, Sir.
Thank you everyone. It was very interesting for me to be back again with you after
whatever hiatus we had in our time when we were able to talk more regularly and I hope to
be meeting with you all on the earnings call every quarter and give you the updates
required. We nrc continued as a company to be improving our core competencies which arc
around the kind of fabrics that in poly viscose and poly wool that provide value to
customers who are looking for solutions in these areas. And this is somewhere where we
will achieve 11 leadership and we have always had the highest export in these two areas from
India and when somebody cernes looking to India for any of these products they will come
to us and we will find them a solution which works. And while doing this we hope to be
able to achieve the margin that we can get on these businesses with given the strengths
India has on the raw materials and all of the cost reductions we have been able to achieve.
The last two years have been really a good learning we have been able to permanently
reduce certain costs and structures which has been very, very good. The pandemic has been
a blessing in disguise in many ways and we look forward to the fact that it has given us the
opportunity to consolidate and refocus ourselves towards future where India will have a
larger role to play and we will be part of that big role for the segment that we have
identified to be in. Thank you everyone.
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Banswara Syntex Limited that concludes
this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 22 of22
