 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd Office: A 18, First Floor, FIEE Complex, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase II, New Delhi - 110020 (India).  T +91 11 41610660 F+91 11 41610659 
GE T&D India Limited
L31102DL1957PLC193993 
 
T-5 & T-6 , Plot I-14, Axis House,  
Jaypee Wishtown, sector-128,  
Noida-201304, Uttar Pradesh 
 
T +91 120 5021500 
F +91 120 5021501 
 
https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited 
 
February 10, 2022 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI 400 001 
The Manager 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East) 
MUMBAI  400 051
Code No. 522275 
Symbol: GET&D 
 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript - GE T&D India Limited Earnings Call for Investors held on February 4, 2022 
 
Please find enclosed a copy of the Transcript of earnings conference call with analysts/ institutional 
investors held on February 4, 2022 in respect of financial results for the third quarter and nine months 
ended on December 31, 2021. 
 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GE T&D India Limited 
 
 
 
Manoj Prasad Singh 
Company Secretary  
MANOJ 
PRASAD 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ PRASAD 
SINGH 
Date: 2022.02.10 
17:45:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“GE T&D India Limited Q3 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PITAMBER SHIVNANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GE T&D INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
CFO, GE T&D INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. SANDEEP ZANZARIA – COMMERCIAL LEADER, GE 
T&D INDIA LIMITED 
MR. MARIASUNDARAM ANTONY – PROJECTS BUSINESS 
LEADER, GE T&D INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. DEEPAK PANDEY, BUSINESS LEADER DIGITAL 
GRID, GE T&D INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. ANSHUL MADAAN – COMMUNICATIONS LEADER, 
GE T&D INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. SUNEEL MISHRA – HEAD -INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
GE T&D INDIA LIMITED 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GE T&D India Limited Third Quarter ended 
31st December 2021 for FY2021-22. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and 
then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Suneel Mishra, Head of Investor Relations, GE T&D India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Suneel Mishra: 
Thank you, Inba. Good day to all of you. Hope you are safe and healthy. So welcome to today’s 
conference call with the GE T&D India Limited management team here. As we know this 
conference call has been organized to present and discuss financial results for the third quarter 
of the financial year ended on 31st March 2022.  
Now, let me first introduce my management team available on this call. We have with us Mr. 
Pitamber Shivnani, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; further we have Mr. Sushil 
Kumar who is the CFO and Whole-Time Director. We have Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria who is our 
Commercial Leader. We have with us Mr. Mariasundaram Antony, who is our Project Business 
Leader and we have Mr. Deepak Pandey today who is the Business Leader responsible for 
Digital Grid. We have also with us Mr. Anshul Madaan who is our Communications Leader. 
Please note that this conference call is scheduled up to 5:00pm. I hope you would have received 
the investor analyst presentation. And the same has been uploaded on our website. I hope you 
will also read with the disclaimer on slide number #2. I would now request Mr. Pitamber 
Shivnani to begin this call highlighting key events of the quarter. Then Mr. Maria updating us 
on operations. Thereafter, Mr. Deepak Pandey will give us some update on digital grid business 
scenario and the related opportunities. Further Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria will take you to overall 
grid market. Lastly, Mr. Sushil Kumar will give us his insights on financials. I now invite Mr. 
Shivnani to begin the conference with his opening remarks. Over to Mr. Shivnani.  
Pitamber Shivnani:  
Thank you, Suneel. Ladies and gentlemen good evening. Thanks for joining the call. We hope 
you and your families are healthy and safe. I would like to start this call by giving you a brief 
overview about the last quarter, and then would request other speakers present in the call to go 
through the details. During the third quarter of financial year 2021-22 we successfully navigated 
a dynamic environment delivering a solid free cash flow. However, the top line results were 
pressurized due to challenges around the operating environment, including continued supply 
chain disruptions, commodity inflation, and market pressure continue to remain tough. We 
remain focused on our portfolio, significantly reduced debt in the third quarter and strengthen 
our operating performance through lean and decentralization.  
Orders were pressured due to market dynamics and commercial selectivity. However, we are 
fully aware about the importance of growing orders. And we are working on innovative ways to 
address the market challenges more effectively. Sandeep will talk about the orders in detail. As 
mentioned earlier, Q3 has been a challenging quarter as everyone was put to test by the 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
commodity inflation and continuing supply chain disruption and hence the same has impacted 
our financials as well. Sushil will cover the financials in detail shortly.  
India is home to one of the world’s largest renewable energy programs with a target of 175 
gigawatts of installed renewable capacity by 2022. And a vision to increase renewable capacity 
by 500 gigawatts by 2030. Government commitment is clearly reflecting in the increased budget 
allocation in financial year 2023 to renewable energy development agency and Solar Energy 
Corporation of India, which has been increased collectively by 143% as announced yesterday, I 
firmly believe that grid will play a critical role in solving the trilemma of affordable, reliable and 
sustainable energy to meet increasing energy demand and support the country with our 
customers in achieving their net zero ambition. We are confident about where we stand today 
and where we are headed with. With respect to the order book, our current market backlog stands 
at around 38 billion. With that, I request Maria to provide further insight on operations during 
the quarter. Over to you Maria, Thank you. 
Mariasundaram Antony: 
Thank you Pitamber. Good evening to everybody in the call. I would like to give a brief update 
on our operations covering the key commissioning, which we did during the last quarter. And 
we actually continue to play an important role in terms of creating the grid of the future for the 
country and the region. And some of the key commissioning, which we did during the quarter 
which was majority of them significant part of them were air insulated, air substations. And if 
you really see we commissioned our substation, AIS substation to 20 kV substation in DVC, 
Purulia in West Bengal. We also commissioned important substation in Avaada, for Avaada in 
Bikaner, in Rajasthan, which will involve commissioning of 400 kV AIS substation along with 
150 MVA transformers. In the same region, in Rajasthan in Q3, we actually commissioned 760 
kV AIS is substation for Adani BKTL. And then we also down South we actually for our refinery 
customer HPCL Vizag, we commissioned their AIS bay which is an extension bay which is part 
of the APTRANSCO’s Kalpakkam substation, and then on the Eastern side of the country, in 
Jharkhand, for JUSNL in Meral, we actually commissioned 132 kV and 33 kV AIS substations 
along with the PMB transformers. So, definitely, we continue to play an important role in 
commissioning the substations, which play an important role for the evacuation infrastructure 
for the country.  
2021 overall, we completed 40 substations throughout the year, in a time when we had the 
COVID second wave also we continue to support in terms of improving the evacuation 
infrastructure in the country. With that, I would hand over to Deepak Pandey to give an update 
on digital grid.  
Deepak Pandey: 
Thanks Maria. Please refer to slide #5 which speaks about digital initiatives of decarbonisation 
and digitalization by GE T&D India Limited. We would like to highlight that more than 50% of 
India power flow is on GEs digital technology. Currently, we have around +100 control center 
and data center across India monitoring and controlling various parameters and stability of grid 
and improving the reliability of the power systems. We are present in both transmission as well 
as in distribution landscape. In transmission, GE T&D is managing power grids, transmission 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
effects wide MTAMC project, the picture of which is present the second picture on the left hand 
side of the presentation. GE is also managing the national road dispatch center of neighboring 
countries of Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. GEs wide area monitoring system technology is working 
at a national level to prevent future blackouts. The blackout which happened in 2012. This 
technology was developed by GE and it is one of the mature and the largest implementation 
across the world to stabilize the grid.  
GE is also working on managing renewable challenges because renewable power has its own 
challenges due to fluctuations of solar and wind. Currently, we have implemented our 
technology in the state of Rajasthan, which is reaching around 40% of renewable component 
based on the total installed capacity. So, this technology is already implemented as an and is in 
final commissioning stages. On the distribution landscape, we are present in both private as well 
as the government distribution utility, where our digital technology for distribution management 
has been implemented in Tata Power Delhi, which is improving reliability and serviceability of 
customers. There are a couple of prestigious projects which are underway, right from Jammu 
and Kashmir to Casco in Kanpur and Tata Power Orissa. The three Discoms which have been 
privatized, as well as in Nepal.  
GE digital business is geared up for the new RDFS scheme, which was announced by the 
honorable Finance Minister last year. And the rollout has started this year, in which the 
modernization component is worth around 17,000 crores with an outlay of five years. So, we 
look forward for good opportunity in distribution landscape with this scale. So, I now hand over 
to Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria for the next slides on order intake. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thank you Deepak. And good afternoon, everyone. So, I would say that in terms of order intake 
it was comparatively a muted quarter. Primarily because of course there is a lot of action which 
is happening on the renewable front, but still the projects are getting identified and TBCB 
bidding is going on, I would say slightly delayed for the decision making towards the equipment 
manufacturers or the ETC players. So, if we really look in the last quarter, it was primarily only 
three, four projects in TBCB space, which got decided, which was primarily Nangalbibra, Kopal 
and Osmanabad for the developers. And of course out of that, we have already won the project 
of Kopal in the last quarter through renew power. So, I would say that, going forward the pipeline 
looks to be much better than what we have seen in the last nine months. We see there are a lot 
of reverse auctions now, for the projects which were envisaged by the government earlier, the 
reverse auctions are now happening for example, Narela, Khavda and of course with there is a 
big pipeline of projects, which have now been identified about 20 gigawatt for evacuation of 
renewable. So, this is going to create a very good sustainable pipeline, at least for next two 
quarters, the quarter in which we are and next quarter, at least two quarters we will have a good 
sustainable pipeline for decision making. We are seeing a tremendous pressure because of the 
reverse auction happening on the developer side, which is again coming on the EPC and the 
product side as well. But still the good part is that the market has picked up that is one thing. 
States we are seeing that still not too much of attraction on the state side, very limited 
opportunities coming in the state sector. But another positive thing which is happening is that, 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
even the industrial CAPEX is now picking up. So we are seeing that in the metal side large 
producers of metal, they have now started talking and coming up with projects which also 
requires enhancement of the grid capabilities. Of course we really look we are about 4% down 
since last year for the nine months what we did in terms of order intake. And the main successes 
is again Kopal, SJVNL of course we had got some retrofit of our own installed base of 400 kV 
GIS and then we have done some restoration and some work for Parbati NHPC. And then there 
were multiple orders of export as well. So, I now handover to Sushil. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Thanks Sandeep. Good afternoon, everyone. Moving to page #7 on the financial performance. 
During the quarter revenue was 9.1 billion compared to 10.3 billion in the same quarter last year. 
So this is 11.6% lower than the last year. On a nine-month basis our revenues were 24 billion 
compared to 25.4 billion on a nine month basis in the last financial year, so we had a 5.7% lower 
revenue in the current period. As Pitamber mentioned due to continued impact of commodity 
prices, input costs, and the supply chain disruptions our profitability for the quarter was muted. 
EBITDA level we posted 292 million of EBITDA compared to 575 million EBITDA in the last 
financial year, quarter three. On a nine month basis, we had an EBITDA of 505 million, 
compared to 1006 million EBITDA for a nine month period.  
Entire reduction in the EBITDA can be directly said to be the result of the increase in commodity 
price, resulting into the increase in input cost for the company. Which again had an impact on 
the profit before tax. So we had almost a breakeven profitability during the quarter compared to 
754 million of profit before tax in the same quarter last year. Out of 754 million in the last year, 
quarter three we had exceptional gain of 259 million on account of sale of one of the property. 
So, excluding that the profitability was in the range of 450 million in the last year. So the entire 
thing of around 450 million on operational performance in the quarter is predominantly as I said 
linked to the commodity price impact and increasing the input cost. During the quarter and on 
nine months basis we had strong improvement in the cash flow, we generated about 136 crore 
or 1360 million of cash flow during the nine-month period, which helped us in reduction of debt 
from 161 crore net debt end of March 2021 to around 224 crore at the end of December. So good 
performance of cash by making a strong improvement in the working capital.  
Moving to the page #8, we have shared the information about the split of orders, revenue and 
the backlog. Talking about order booking, we have 5.1 billion of order during quarter three of 
which 4 billion was strong domestic market and about a billion INR orders from the export 
market. On a nine month basis, out of total 16.1 billion of orders 10 billion was from domestic 
market and about 5.7 billion from export markets. On the revenue side out of 9.1 billion of 
revenue 6.5 comes from the domestic projects and about 2.6 from the export projects which 
represents about 29% of the total revenue for the quarter. And on a nine month basis out of total 
24 billion of revenues, 17 or approximately 18 billion or 75% of the total revenue is from the 
domestic project and rest is from the export projects. As Pitamber mentioned in the beginning 
we have INR 38 billion of backlog, 63% of the backlog is from the private customer, 20% of the 
backlog from the state utility and rest is from the central utility.  

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Moving to page #9. As an update on the GOD business. The company had made a disclosure of 
the revised valuation in the stock auction and subsequently on 12th of January we had a call with 
the investor on the update related to the GOD business. Subsequent to that, the company’s Board 
of Director on 24th of January approved the sale of GOD business to GE India industrial Private 
Limited with corresponding assets, manpower and liabilities on a slump sale basis. This is 
subject to the shareholders approval. The total consideration is 1406 million subject to the 
adjustments on the completion date as per the terms of the business transfer agreement. 
The business transfer agreement has been signed on 31st of January, a postal ballot notice has 
been issued and the investors can look into the documents of valuation as per the transfers 
agreement. If they want to get into the details of the valuation before deciding on the voting for 
this particular slump sale. So, the postal ballot notice was announced on beginning of February, 
and it will be open till fifth of March and we request all the investors to go through this and vote 
accordingly for making a rightful decision for this business. So with that update, we will now 
move to the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
My first question is on the gross margin side which is clearly seeing a significant pressures. So 
can you help us understand that while in the quarter as we see, sequentially there has been growth 
in export revenues, this gap up in terms of gross margins is it on the recently secured export 
orders or these will be large the domestic fixed price projects where we have been sitting with 
gaps and under recoveries due to commodity inflation and what percentage of the backlog is still 
sitting with these kind of low margin orders, or do we think most of the commodity retail hits 
are already done in this quarter and thereafter for the next two quarters should we at least expect 
the gross margins to come back to normalize or they could continue to remain under pressure. 
That’s the first question.  
Sushil Kumar: 
So, last financially year we had a gross margin of approximately in the range of 26% to 27% and 
that’s the margin that company generally expects at the time of order booking and as we said, or 
have been communicating last couple of quarters and we all are aware of the volatile situation 
and in terms of the commodity prices or an increase supply chain disruptions. This quarter 
specifically, we had to take an impact of all that in few projects, which are of course in the nature 
of firm prices versus the customer and supply side cost have gone up because of change in the 
commodity prices plus the demand and supply situation. Having said that, you’re right most of 
the impact is on the domestic side of the business, not to that extent on the export side of the 
business. As a process, we continue to make efforts to finalize the rate or the input prices to the 
best interest of the company, but as and when the rates or negotiations complete, we take the 
impact in the quarter. So as of now everything that we have been able to finalize and are able to 
conclude have been considered, but as Pitamber mentioned, the situation dynamic, the supply 
chain disruptions will continue to impact there has been a sudden change in the demand and 
supply situation of certain commodities, leading to the increase in the cost price. So, if any 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
further inflation happens, that may have an impact on the further quarters as of now, whatever 
the company could finalize or anticipated it has been provided.  
Renu Baid: 
So, broadly if the commodity price even if they remain stable at the current level for the next 
two quarters while we will be completing some of the previously secured fixed price projects, 
domestic projects, should we expect the gross margins to come back to that 20, 24 whatever 
those levels or they would be closer to what we have seen in the last quarter close to the 18%, 
20% odd levels. So, basically should we expect the next two quarters improvement in gross 
margins in the current commodity price scenario or probably the headwinds will continue in the 
near term? 
Sushil Kumar: 
As I said that, we work on the long-term project and the way the long term projects are let’s say 
the costing’s are done, we take the cost to complete for the entire project as a method of 
accounting, and as a result, any foreseen loss in the future is embedded into the profitability of 
the project and equalent accounting impacts are taken in the quarter. So with your question with 
regard to the stabilization of commodity prices, if that happen then of course we will not see 
further impact in the quarter. But if the demand and supply situation continue or we have further 
increase in the commodity prices, then it may impact to the subsequent quarters.  
Renu Baid: 
So basically, can you help us understand what was the quantum of cost to complete provisions 
that we have booked in the current quarter probably under the RL head, which has depressor 
gross margins, or it would be or whatever? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Broadly, let’s say if we compare the 18% gross margin in the quarter and the 26%, 27% in the 
past, so there’s a delta of 8% and more or less entire 8% can be attributable to the commodity 
and the input price impact. There will be some other factors which will all square off or net off. 
But this was one significant impact, which is getting charged to the P&L in the current quarter.  
Renu Baid: 
Got it. The second question is on inflows. Pretty good to see the inflow or break up the way you 
have shared in the presentation. But if you see domestic inflows in this particular quarter was 
barely 100 crores. So coming to the domestic environment have we seen a competitive intensity 
from some of the other domestic peers who are now back in the market with aggression are they 
distorting the price levels and making the commercials less viable for GE or how do we look at 
the order inflow pipeline improving given the fact that Sandeep had mentioned that inflow 
pipeline is looking to improve. So, should we now start to look inflow momentum to improve 
or cost competitive pressures in the domestic market could continue to put us on the sidelines? 
Sushil Kumar: 
I will request Sandeep to answer but just a small clarification, out of 5 billion orders, 80% of the 
orders from domestic market and 20% from the export market. So, 1 billion was from export.  
Renu Baid: 
Okay, probably my bad. 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thanks Sushil. So basically, really one thing is there that because of the muted market for last 
about nine months, especially in the substation space, there is a lot of capacity which is available 
in the market. And not only on the product manufacturing, but also in terms of EPC, which is 
there. So, the price pressure will continue, there is no doubt about that and as I said that, in fact 
now in TBCB projects we are seeing for example in Rajgarh, there are 10 developers who have 
started and the way the developers are now putting the pressure in terms of winning those bids, 
the pressure of price is now getting transmitted from those developers to the EPC player, and 
accordingly to the product manufacturer. So the price pressure will definitely remain, but the 
good thing will be that at least when you have a bad market and then price pressure compared 
to that if you have a better market and price pressure, So, I will always choose the second option. 
And probably going forward, you will see the second option which will be coming into play 
where we will have a better market, the price pressures will continue to remain.  
Renu Baid: 
Got it. So, that should improve growth prospect. And lastly, if you can help us understand 
Pitamber did mention the company is looking at innovative ways to face the current market 
challenges. So if you can help us understand what are these innovative ways, either on the 
commercial side or the order flow side in terms of opportunities, when we’re looking to ramp 
up the business portfolio size and scale. Thank you. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
By innovative ways what Pitamber meant was, that of course how to address into the market, so 
maybe a different commercial strategy. So that could be one thing, which we are looking forward 
to. And second, for example, Deepak explained that there is a lot of digital play, which is 
expected to happen in terms of government coming up with a lot of automation investment in 
the distribution side. So that is also going to create a good amount of market for the company to 
play in that space.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Just continuing on the previous participants question on the gross margins. In the previous 
earnings call second quarter, it was highlighted that 28% to 30% is a sustainable gross margins 
that one can expect do you see that in the next quarter or two, or that now looks like slightly 
difficult given the underlying situation on the competitive side is playing off? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Bhavin if the question is on the order side, we will answer in two pieces, one on the commercial 
side which Sandeep will answer. Second is on the execution side with the margins that we have 
or the backlog we have in hand. So, on the backlog we have in hand, wherever the commodity 
prices, impact are known, have been booked in the P&L. Generally, in the last call we said 
average 26%, 27% but as an NBFC player what we do that after booking the order at those level 
we try to expand the margins by a couple of percentage points, but given us significant and 
sudden change in the market dynamics, that increase of course is not feasible, but on the other 
side, we have a significant hit of the commodity prices because of the order backlog, a significant 
part of the order backlog being on the firm prices. Where we have tried, we have approached to 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
the customer to ask for the compensation for the significant change in the market dynamics 
however, we have not been successful. So, as discussed in the earlier question, if the commodity 
prices stay at the current level or the input prices do not change further, because of the demand 
and supply situation, we should gradually grow back to the level of 24%, 26% in the next couple 
of quarters. And then our endeavor will be to first sustain this level of 26%, 27% and try if we 
can improve further. I will request Sandeep to also answer the dynamics on the order booking 
side. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, Bhavin on the order side or on the commercial side, as I explained it to Renu. For certain 
products, we will see some pressure which will be coming and for some products we will see 
the bid on a much better prices for example, when I take the examples of transformer reactors, 
today the demand is quite high and the installed capacities probably would be just equal or 
slightly lower than the expected demand. And today with renewable projects the expectation of 
commissioning is also much faster so delivery cycles are also much faster. So, in both cases, we 
will definitely have a better price realization that is there. But of course in such high capital 
intensive transformer reactors, you don’t get such high level of gross margins as well. With 
Chinese going out of the market, due to the Make in India restrictions that has also helped in 
GIS and grid automation. But on that side what we had seen was that the market was muted, but 
now once the market will pick up and we will see some large projects now coming up in 
renewable evacuations in Khavda, et cetera or the other places in Rajasthan and Gujarat. In those 
sides also there should be a better price realization which will come but after EPC side and for 
the air insulated breaker side the pressure on the margins will continue to remain. I hope I have 
been able to answer your question. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Yes, that helps. The other question is on the beginning of the financial year, you’re taking special 
approval for the related party where you were expecting the HVDC projects any update on that 
will be useful. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So Bhavin the update on HVDC project is that, the Adani’s have actually are moving ahead, but 
we have seen that there is some news which has come that Tata Power has challenged in the 
court. So that is still ongoing and we expect that the decision on that project to come probably 
in the next quarter.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Okay. And any update on the other HVDC projects now that power grid has been given the Leh-
Ladakh on a? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
The Leh-Ladakh project has been awarded to power grid on the RTM basis. And power grid has 
just started the initial discussions with the participants but probably looking into Leh-Ladakh, 
The size of the project, the complexity of the project that will take, my assessment is minimum 
three quarters for it to get decided.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Any color on how large could be the addressable opportunity for GE T&D in that 27,000 crore 
project, because there is some amount of storage also? 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, I will only put it that way that, my assessment on the overall project would be close to about 
more than a billion dollars. But then it will also depend that how we decided to approach the 
market to consortium,  then we will have to see and then there will be certain offshore scope 
which will also be required in terms of supply of valves, control et cetera. So, the overall 
opportunity will be more than a billion dollar, but how much will it be actually coming for GE 
T&D it is too early to be forecasted.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. And just last question from my side, could you just talk about the export opportunity, 
because we are seeing some amount of export green shoots, but they are small and largely from 
the SAARC, so on a slightly longer-term basis, maybe a year or two, how do you see the exports 
panning out because in the previous earnings call it was highlighted there are a few products 
where there could be sole source these from India? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I will not put it as sole source from India. But, we have got certain further allocations of country 
from there. And also not only the allocation, but of course, it also requires the acceptability of 
the end customers also from when they are ready to buy from the Indian factories. So that’s a 
constant exercise, I would put it as Bhavin that looking into the cost structure of India, the 
globally that exercise that the local people were based there, they keep on trying to push for the 
acceptability of Indian factories. And whenever we get it we will use the local factories from the 
Indian factory.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. So, not just putting a percentage of sales, but can we expect that maybe the exports would 
be to the tune of a couple of $100 million in a couple of years. Given the effort that you’re taking, 
would that be like an outlandish number or probably an achievable number according to you? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, I would not put a number as of today Bhavin. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
If you can also highlight that is why we have highlighted some of our digital capabilities and 
offerings on grid automation side, how are we seeing the project prospect list in the domestic 
market and the neighboring countries with higher grid integration coming into the picture over 
the next two years. So, how should we look at the order opportunities and prospects for the next 
two years for this segment of the market? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So, Renu we have a infrastructure today in the country out of that there is a certain part of the 
infrastructure which is quite, I would say quite aged as well. So, of course then in some areas, 
we have seen that now the customers are really working towards improving that or going for the 
refurbishment of those aged infrastructure which is there but when we really look at the overall 
for example the overall portfolio level, what’s happening actually is that in the transmission side 
whatever new projects are coming, the grid automation is coming with that, but we expect a 
major investment to come as Deepak explained on the distribution side, but till the time he 
doesn’t come up. Because once we have to lay that ADMS systems and things like that, even 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
the field equipment needs to become smarter so that these signals, et cetera get captured at the 
dispatch centers or the ADMS centers, et cetera. So what’s happening till the time those 
investment don’t come in, we will not see an explosion in the opportunities of grid automation, 
it will remain as a consistent market.  
Renu Baid: 
Right. Because if you look the state level grid is significantly under invested on the technology 
side. And now with distribution reforms around the corner state signing up, to invest to reduce 
losses and improve efficiencies that should actually technically be a significantly large 
opportunity for us over the next two to four years? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So, that’s what I said Renu, till the time that investment it doesn’t come, we will not see an 
explosion in the opportunity of grid automation, the market will remain consistent. But once we 
see that type of CAPEX coming into the grid automation side or putting the ADLS into various 
for example, cities and circles, et cetera then yes, the grid automation market will expect a 
phenomenal growth. 
Renu Baid: 
And just one small question, while the market outlook is now improving in terms of prospects, 
et cetera. Overall inflows have still been soft for us YTD. So, any thoughts from the group as 
well as from the company or ways to look to reduce the overall cost structure of the business 
and make it slightly more lean to adjust for these kind of cyclicality’s in terms of the business 
opportunities and the size of the group. So anything that we’re doing to further cut down the 
fixed cost or you think the opportunities could be limited on that side?  
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes, we are taking actions to reduce the fixed cost. And as well as, as we have talked in the 
earlier presentations, there are actions for taking lean manufacturing actions to improve the 
product cost as well.  
Renu Baid: 
Okay. Any particular initiatives which you would like to highlight? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Not at present till the time they are decided, but all opportunities are being explored to reduce 
the cost.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dilip Jain from Ayush Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dilip Jain: 
My first question, for the Adani, Mumbai HVDC project which you just discussed, I believe the 
total project is about 7000 to 8000 crores. So, how much of this opportunity will GE, will our 
company address. And when we have predicted for that, do we have a raw material escalation 
clause in our bidding. My second question sir is, there was a reversal of 59 crores access 
provisioning, that has significantly lowered other expenses in the results just announced. Any 
more room to further lower other expenses going forward in this head or in other heads in terms 
of going leaner like we discussed. And sir my last question is, we have discussed a lot about the 
gross margin problem that we are facing, what percentage of our current order book is without 
raw material escalation clause at present. Thank you sir, I look forward to the answers.  

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, first I will answer for the Adani part and then probably Sushil will take over. Out of 7000 
crores, because we are actively discussing it with Adani it will be very difficult for us in an open 
call to explain on the commercial strategy and the numbers, et cetera. So, probably we will not 
be able to answer that question in the call. But what will be the scope for GE T&D and what will 
be the value and whether it is protected by the escalation of material, et cetera because that’s 
part of the discussion which is sensitive in nature. So, I hope you understand that. So, Suhil for 
balance things.  
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes. So, on the other expenses on an average on a full year basis we have about 400 crore of 
other expenses, which means average 100 crores per quarter and that’s the trend we have been 
communicating in last couple of quarter call as well. Yes, there are actions which we are seeing 
to reduce the overall structure cost and also at present, we are taking actions as you see on the 
reduction of debt. Debt reduction happens that also helps us in bringing down the financing 
costs. In addition, the major component and the problem that we saw in the quarter is related to 
gross margin. So, lean manufacturing and cost out of the product is one of the significant action 
that the company is planning to take. On the third question, I do not have immediately the 
breakup of the fixed price and variable price contracts, probably we can share that in the next 
update. 
Dilip Jain: 
Okay. Going back to my first question sir, of the 8000 crore project, like how much can GE 
address, I’m not asking the details of the cost that you have put in, but how much of that like if 
half the project addressable by GE or like one fourth or the entire that’s what I wanted to know.  
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Okay, I understand your question. So, basically, when the project cost is considered, when that 
considers even the cost of land, the cost of substation transmission line, cable, financing cost, 
other overhead expenses. So, our scope for that will be less than 50% of the overall contract 
price.  
Dilip Jain: 
Okay. And in the second question sir, for the other expenses. Is there a quantum that you could 
put going forward, because this is excellent what you have done you have reversed a 60 crores 
of excess provisioning it took care of a lot of the hit that we got on the gross margin side, is there 
any quantum like any ballpark quantum that you could put to how much more we could go leaner 
on the other expenses? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, like I said at present it is difficult because those actions are in progress. So, giving a direction 
without action being finalized will not be the right communication. So, give us some time we 
are taking actions to reduce the cost consistency and we will probably get more update as and 
when things firm up in nature. 
Dilip Jain: 
Okay. We could definitely expect positive surprises going forward? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
But on one piece, I can say yes you can see the cash in that position, last couple of years we 
started communication on the improvement and focus on the cash generation. At that point of 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
time the debt was in the range of 500 crore, stocked out being debt free, in this quarter we are 
say around 24 crore net debt, which has helped us to bring down the cost to the extent of 25 to 
30 crore if I’m remembering all the numbers correctly in a financial year. So, we had about 75 
to 80 crore of financing cost two years ago which has now come down to less than 50 crore or 
in that range. So, that is a continuous effort that we are making. Having said that, yes this is a 
long cycle project, they will be couple of quarters where the working capital will increase 
depending on the projects need and so on. And we’ll try to bring it down further so, directionally 
we are taking action, which is helping us in reducing cost of financing and becoming or moving 
towards debt free. There have been actions in the last few years on the other expense, where we 
have communicated that we saved a significant part of the other expenses, which is already 
baked in the numbers. Give us some time for rest of them improvements being made. 
Dilip Jain: 
Sure. And for the last part of the question sir, the future orders that we will be taking, do we 
have the pricing power to take orders which are ultimately going to be more comfortable than 
the current situation, my whole idea of asking you was that. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
See, that is the endeavor that selectivity and trying to ensure that we take the orders with better 
terms and conditions and better margin.  
Dilip Jain: 
Okay. So, do we see the order book moving towards the private entities more so I believe 
currently 53% is private entities do we see that moving to say 80% over the next two years? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, today the TBCB what we are seeing that most of the bids are being won by the private entities 
only for example, the Sterlite’s and Adani’s of the world. So, automatically the whole market is 
shifting towards the private sector. And now that government also coming up that states also 
they are encouraging the local governments to go for TBCB, even the state market to a great 
extent will shift towards the private sector or in case if power grid will then power grid. So, this 
is the reason that the ratio of private would be more in the coming times.  
Dilip Jain: 
Okay. So, should this help us going forward to maintain our gross margins, this very shift of 
trend that you’ve been talking about from government to private to us, should that help us get 
back to 26%, 28% in the next, say three or four quarters on gross margin levels? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
That will also depend upon the competitive pressures, et cetera. So, it’s something which is very 
difficult to predict at this point of time.  
Dilip Jain: 
Okay. So, I believe with the kind of work we do, we just have Hitachi as one of our biggest 
rivals or do you feel the field is getting more competitive as we proceed day by day? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No, we have multiple competition scenario that for example, Hitachi is there, then we Siemens 
also is competition, we have Toshiba also as competition. So we have other manufacturers also 
who are there as competition for example, in few space like transformers we have other players 
also on the EPC side, then we have L&T, KEC, Kalpataru Techno also as competition.  

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Dilip Jain: 
Okay. So anyways, in which we differentiate us from the rivals, because I’ve heard that GEs 
technology is probably the best in the world.  
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
So, I would say that, the only place where we differentiate is that we have practically the 
complete bouquet of products available with us, that is the different impact of what we have, but 
otherwise technology wise the acceptability of technology which is there is that everybody is 
manufacturing today in India, the technology is acceptable.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
In the budget speech and there was a mention about excluding the exemption specifically there 
was a mention about high voltage power transmission and a few products, probably could you 
help us with this, would it help us in terms of our competitive forms something imports  that we 
would have like from Chinese, et cetera? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I’m not able to capture your question, Bhavin. Ultimately what we see is that, because of the 
various regulations of the government which have come in, already the finished products which 
were directly coming from the neighboring country, or the land sharing border country are 
already not acceptable into the grid. So we don’t see any change at least happening on that area.  
Moderator:  
We will take our next question that’s from the line of Laksh Jain, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Laksh Jain: 
Our current order book is of 3800 crore approximately and our yearly revenue in the worst of 
times of FY, taking FY21 it is 3500 crore. In the media report it says that 3800 crore of order 
book provides a revenue which is between 18 to 24 months. Why has there been so much 
increase in the duration from within this order book? 
Sushil Kumar: 
So, generally there are orders which are booked during the year and also executed during the 
year, specifically also on the export side. So that is the reason where this 38 billion order provides 
a base level for a couple of years and then we win more order and execute for the couple of 
years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the floor 
back to Mr. Suneel Mishra for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Suneel Mishra: 
Thank you Inba. And thank you everyone for your participation. We conclude today’s 
conference call of GE T&D India Limited. In case if you have any other questions then please 
feel free to contact me or Mr. Anshul Madaan on the email ID. So thanks once again. With this 
we close. 

 
GE T&D India Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator:  
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of GE T&D India 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
