  
 
5paisa Capital Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
Corporate Office / Regd. Office: 5paisa Capital Limited, Sun Infotech Park, Road No. 16V, 
Plot No. B-23, Wagle Estate, Thane Industrial Area, Thane – 400604. Tel:+91 22 41035000                 
E-mail: csteam@5paisa.com • Website: www.5paisa.com 
 January 17, 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: - Earnings Conference Call  
 
Please find attached herewith transcript of the earnings call held on Tuesday, January 11, 2022. 
The same is made available on the website of the Company i.e. www.5paisa.com.   
 
Kindly take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Tel No.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/22723121/22722037/  
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400 051 
Tel No.: 2659 8235 Fax No.: 26598237 
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 

 
1 
 
 
Transcript 
 
                 5Paisa Capital Limited Q3FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time 
: 11th January 2022, 14:00 Hrs IST 
Event Duration 
: 47 min 00 sec 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
   Mr. Prakarsh Gagdani,  
Whole-Time Director and Chief Executive Officer  
 
  Mr. Gourav Munjal,  
Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Moderator   
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 5Paisa Capital Limited Q3FY22 earnings 
conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on 
your touch tone telephone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the 
conference to the management. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
A very good afternoon, everyone. Myself, Prakarsh Gagdani, CEO and Director of 5Paisa along 
with my colleague, Gourav Munjal. We welcome you all for this conference call. On behalf of the 
entire team of 5Paisa, I wish you all a very very happy and prosperous New Year. In last few 
days, we are seeing the third wave of Corona hitting our country, especially Mumbai, and I'm 
sure that most of us are ourselves down with COVID or some of our loved ones are. I hope and 
pray for your family. Hope all of them are safe and healthy and I also pray that we all come out 
of this fast and very soon.  
 
Friends, 2021 has been a milestone year for us in many ways. One, we crossed 2 million 
customer mark in the month of October. We took almost five years to cross the first 1 million 
customers, but just one year to double that number to reach 2 million mark. I'm confident that 

 
2 
 
will reduce our doubling period even further going ahead. Second, our mobile app which is our 
main product which attracts maximum turnover and revenue, crossed a milestone of 10 million 
downloads with the improved rating of 4.24. We also concluded a fundraise in the first quarter of 
this financial year, by raising 250 Crore from marquee investors and this capital raise was for 
our future growth.  
 
With such a strong year gone by, we enter 2022 with high optimism. Talking about numbers, 
after our fundraise in my previous calls, I clearly said that our focus will be on acquiring new 
customers, more and more customers, and this has to be followed up with revenue growth. I'm 
happy to say that consistently for five quarters, our quarterly run rate of customer acquisition is 
consistently improving. Even in this quarter, we acquired 4.05 lakh customers, which was 18% 
higher than previous quarter. Even on the revenue front, our growth has been in tandem with 
our acquisition growth. This quarter we are reporting a 17% sequential growth in our top line 
and 62% sequential growth year on year. Our margin funding book has also grown in line with 
our broking activity, by showing a 24% rise and hitting an all-time high of Rs. 360 crore of 
funding book. Friends, our consistent growth for previous quarters gives me a confident that 
2022 will also be a much better year for us. I would now like to take questions from you. Thank 
you. 
 
Moderator   
 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. So our first question from Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
  
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
Thank you. Very good afternoon Sir. Sir my first question is, if you could just provide a breakup 
of the allied broking revenues? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Sure.  Sir, allied broking revenue was around Rs.30.9 crore and the maximum revenue is 
coming from margin funding interest income. Gourav, can you give the exact numbers? So, 
before that, let me just give you that typically it consists of margin funding income, it consists of 
DP transaction income and DP AMC income. There are three income put together is our allied 
broking income. Gourav, can you give numbers  
 
Gourav Munjal   
 

 
3 
 
Yes. So, our client funding book has gone up from Rs. 293 crore to Rs.361 crore. So, in the 
allied broking income, out of Rs.30 crore approximately Rs.20 crore income is related to the 
client funding book. There is approximately Rs.4 crore related to the DP charges and Rs.4 crore 
another is the DP AMC, and rest is others, Rs.2 to 3 crores. So, this is the major bifurcation of 
Rs.30 crores.  
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
Okay, that was helpful. And sir, my second question is, what if revenues can be done in the 
cross sales in FY23.  
  
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Okay. Okay. So, see cross-sales consists of all the products that we sell. A subscription is the 
largest contributor to the revenue, and we are seeing a very good growth in our subscription 
product and that product is picking up. But it is difficult to put in terms of numbers that you know, 
so for example, for current quarter it is almost, our cross-sales income is Rs. 4.9 crore. But for 
the full year of FY 23, it is difficult to put down the numbers but I can tell you that subscription, 
followed by mutual funds and gold, these are the few products that will be our main core product 
that we will be selling. And these are the products that will be contributing to our revenue.  
 
Rishikesh Oza   
 
Okay, okay. No problems. That is all. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Our next question from Bhuvnesh Garg from SBI Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Bhuvnesh Garg   
 
Yeah. Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. This is Bhuvnesh from Investec Capital. So, actually 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly sir, I would like to know what would be our customer 
acquisition costs? And what would be our payback period? And what is the quantum of 
customer demat assets. These are my questions.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
  

 
4 
 
Sir customer acquisition, we've acquired around 4.05 lakh customers this year, and our broad 
customer acquisition cost is around 769 rupees for this quarter. The payback time is consistent 
between 8 to 10 months 
 
and the Demat assets, we would be around Rs. 4,500 crores. 
 
Bhuvnesh Garg   
 
Ok. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. So our next question from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Yeah, hi, this is Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Just wanted to check on a couple of things. 
Firstly, the customers that we have acquired are, first time possibly has seen some kind of a 
market correction, in the month of November and December, wherein too in the end of the 
November, the volatility increased and December there was some correction in the market. So, 
what are the key important trends that you would have witnessed in the customer behavior 
changes with regard to the trading mechanism in this period? And my second question is on the 
margin funding book, which you have increased on a sequential basis. Whereas, if I understand 
correctly, the cash volumes in the industry were quite weak. So, do we mean that the cash 
volume for us have also, have increased against the trend of the market and we have been able 
to support that NPA book, support the volumes for NPA book?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So, I think I can give both the answers together. In last few months, if you see, after the peak 
margin reporting got implemented, the overall cash market volume has been consistent, and it 
went down. So broadly today, a majority of the cash market volume, as compared to what it was 
earlier, now it is majority is delivery driven. So, though the markets were down for last one or 
one two months and it was sideways and because most of the customers that we are acquiring, 
they're new and then they are coming for the first time, so they are entering the market and 
buying deliveries.  
 
So that has not impacted much in terms of the people buying deliveries. What has impacted is 
the people who are trading intraday, in cash segment. So that has impacted, but that has been 

 
5 
 
compensated by the growth in the derivative turnover. So, despite market being sideways or 
down, the derivatives turnover has compensated for that. So, if you see our turnover from last 
quarter, which was at around Rs,80,000 crore ADTO, we're now at an average of Rs.98,000 
crore ADTO. So, consistently that turnover and the participation, both from customer 
perspective and the number of trades, the customers are putting in derivatives segment, that 
has gone up. So, a combination of these two has not impacted the revenue for this quarter.  
 
Now, on the second part, because most of the people today are trading in delivery on the cash 
segment, there is definitely a need for margin funding. And that's why our margin funding book 
is also has gone up. Now, obviously, margin funding book is also very directly correlated to the 
market activity. So, if there are sudden spurts or sudden spike in terms of our market, or if 
there's a downturn in the market, then it may have an impact on the book. But what it looks like 
that consistently if we are increasing the customer base, and the customer base broadly trades 
in delivery, then the funding book will also increase in line with that and will not have much 
impact.  
 
Prayesh Jain  
  
And any behavioral aspects of the traders, the intraday traders that you would have witnessed 
in the, in a downturn or the range bound market, which would be possibly different from what 
would have been the trend say two months before.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
See, in such a short span of time, it is difficult to see a trend and so if you ask me in terms of 
last two, three months, if there's a trend change, I won't say any trend change, but broadly, if 
you see that in last, you know four or five quarters what has happened or maybe eight quarters, 
consistently the trading activity which was whatever, if you may call it a speculative activity, 
intraday trading or short term trading has moved completely towards derivative and completely 
towards options and there are large section of customers who are now trading in options.  
 
So that is a change, which has happened over a period of time. When the markets are 
sideways, the activity increases why because then obviously in derivatives, you can take a 
sideways view or you can take a bullish or bearish view, any kind of view you can take and you 
can trade even in weekly options. So, because of weekly options and more knowledge about 
options, and more customers coming towards derivatives, so that volume has shifted. But this is 
happening and is only increasing quarter by quarter. So, there is no change in last two months 
except for the fact that more number of customers are now coming into derivatives and trading.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 

 
6 
 
Okay, okay. That's helpful. Thank you, if I have more questions, I'll come back. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. The next question from Jeetu Punjabi from EM Capital Advisors, please go-
ahead Sir. 
 
Jeetu Panjabi   
 
Yeah, thank you so much, and Happy New Year to the team. So, one question is we've seen 
you focus on customer acquisition and wrapping up the customer book over the last 3-4 
quarters. The question is, is the next 4 quarters, whether over the next year, year and a half, is 
that trend going to continue? Is that focus going to continue? And how and do you have a 
number in terms of the number of customers you hope to acquire over the next 12 months?  
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So,  Jeetu, obviously, I've said in my previous calls also, and I'm reiterating again, that as an 
organization, our focus is only on two things that one we acquire customers and we improve our 
run rate on acquisition of customer, we acquire good quality customers, not just for the sake of 
acquiring it, and then in the end the measurement of good quality is the translation of the 
acquisition growth in the revenue growth. So, we are not deviating from that focus and that will 
continue, we will keep investing money in branding activity in customer acquisition in our 
product and technology.  
 
So, that is sacrosanct, that will remain, and that will continue for the foreseeable future and the 
result of that should be the growth in terms of our customer acquisition and growth in terms of 
revenue. Having said that, I have not put down a number, because any number can be a 
conservative number, and can also be a very optimistic number. If tomorrow market looks 
suddenly falls 20- 30%. So, but in a normal business as usual, I see that the trend will continue 
for next 4 quarters at least.  
 
Jeetu Panjabi   
 
Okay, second linked question is from a product suite perspective, are there new products you 
plan to add to the portfolio over the next three four-quarters? And what do you think of the 
missing products in your portfolio, which are very obvious that we should be having, as the 
management thinks about it?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  

 
7 
 
  
So, if you see our product suite, we already have a wide range of product suite. I think even 
now, in all the comparative competitive brokers, we have the widest product offering from 
mutual funds to derivative products to US stocks, gold, loans, everything. So, I don't see a new 
product addition. By the way, we just launched one product some time back. I don't know 
whether I've taken that in my previous call or no, but we launched a product called as 5Piasa 
Wealth. That was I think September end or October first week is what where we launched that. 
So, what we also, what we realized is when markets peak, a lot of people would now be 
needing advice, or a professional advice, where they can park the money and the decisions are 
taken by experts and a portfolio is managed.  
  
We've started a product called as 5Paisa Wealth, it's a discretionary portfolio management 
service, a Portfolio Advisory Service where we have tied up with Renaissance, which is run by 
Pankaj Murarka and Abacus, which is run by Sunil Singhania and obviously, they don't need 
any introduction. So they run the portfolio. It is in the first quarter, so we are seeing a good 
traction, though the ticket size is two and a half lakh for an investment, minimum investment. 
So, it's a niche product, but we are seeing a good uptick.  
 
So that's something that we felt was not there, we had small cases, which is basically on a lower 
side of entry ticket wherein you can enter as low as 1000, 2000, 5000 rupees, but we did not 
have a product in somewhere in the mid-segment. So we launched that. But apart from that 
right now, we don't see new product addition, but we are working on improving the 
concentration of revenues that we are getting, that we are having from our existing products.  
 
Jeetu Panjabi   
 
Okay, and one final question, you know, Nitin Kamath from Zerodha was very public about 
saying that investor reaction and a lot of other stuff can go pretty awry and market volumes can 
go pretty awry if there's a correction. Do you kind of, one, agree with him and two, think that you 
could grow the business enough to go through that dip and come up, bigger and larger even on 
a 12 to 18 month horizon? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
See, there is, this is an obvious fact that stock markets are cyclical. We have had a consistent 
bull run for last two years and obviously, it's not something which will be perpetual or it will be 
always here to stay, there will be sideways market, there will be downturns in the market, and 
because it's cyclical business and suddenly you can see a 20, 30, 40% kind of a revenue drop 
or a drop in the customer activity and it is not just the first time it is going to happen, it has 
happened in past as well. Obviously that is something that no one knows and it's a hypothetical 
situation, so it is, I can't plan for that. Or the way we do it, is that we keep our costs in control. 
We always work on reducing our acquisition cost.  

 
8 
 
 
We don't, we see to it that we don't have a large fixed cost, which in case of downturn comes 
back to bite us. So there are a few things that we do. Second way of insulating yourself to a 
certain extent, is obviously cross sales and getting more products, which is, which gives you 
annuity revenue. So we are focusing on you know, stock SIP, we're focusing on mutual fund 
SIP, which are typically low revenue businesses, but they are at least consistent annuity 
business. So these are some things that we do. But yeah, obviously there will always be a 
possibility of markets going down and revenues shrinking and the customer activity also 
shrinking.  
 
Jeetu Panjabi   
 
Thank you very much. Good wishes.  
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Our next question from Deepak Podar from Sapphire Capital, please go ahead, sir. 
 
Deepak Poddar  
  
Thank you very much, sir, for the opportunity. Sir just wanted to understand, like out of 2.37 
million customer mark, how many of them would be active? And similarly, for the newly acquired 
customer of 4 lakhs in the last quarter?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, so typically, from the 2.37 million customers, almost 1.4 -1.45 million customers are 
active. So that's broadly 55-60% kind of a number. So typically that is the number that we get in 
the first, not in the first 30 days, but with 45 to 90 days, typically, 60-65% of our customers 
become active and they continue to trade with us. That number is in live.  
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
So 4 lakhs, and so about 2.4 lakh might be the active customer out of that 4 lakh acquired.  
 

 
9 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah.  
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Okay. And in the past as well, we have been talking about maybe a 20% kind of a sequential 
growth in our customer base, whereas the revenue is likely to follow the customer acquisition 
trend. So is that what you expect likely to continue for maybe next first four to six quarters?  
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yes, I have, you know, I've always said that our acquisition and revenue. I mean, there is no 
point in having an acquisition which does not complement revenue. So, you know, our revenues 
and our acquisition will always be in tandem. And we know that's something that will definitely 
continue, in foreseeable future. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
In foreseeable future. Okay, fair enough, that's it from my side. Thanks.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. The next question from Karthikeyan VK from Suyash Advisors, please go 
ahead. 
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
Sir, good afternoon. Congratulations on the strong customer acquisition. A couple of things. 
One, I missed the breakup of revenue. So the other operating income comprises what exactly?  
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
Other operating income is mainly related to interest on FD.  

 
10 
 
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
That's ok. The second thing is I'm assuming that the fixed cost income ratio that you have 
shown of 50%, that is a excluding customer acquisition cost. So can you explain why that has 
gone up? You know?  
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
So, it is not, has gone up much, it is a 59 to 60% Basically, that we are spending on Tech 
development. and some IT costis kind of fixed. So that has gone up a little bit.  
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
It's gone up from 46% in the first quarter to 60, you know, on a rising income base, therefore, I 
was asking this question.  
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
Yeah, so sir, in the last quarter of presentation, Prakarsh sir told to the investors that there will 
be increase in IT costs for one or two quarters. So, it has increased for one or two quarters and 
then it  be stable. So 46 to 59% is a reflection of that.  
 
Karthikeyan VK   
 
Fair. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you Sir. The next question from Prateek Saini from Myriad Asset Management. Please 
go ahead sir. 
 
Pratik Saini   
 
Hello. Hi Sir. So the cost to income which is currently around 60%, what's your target say for the 
next 3 years? 
 
 
Gourav Munjal   
 

 
11 
 
So, definitely we should, we are trying to reduce it. So, our target, I can't tell the exact 
percentage, but yes, over the period of time, we can expect approximately 50% in coming 
quarters.  
 
 
 
 
Pratik Saini   
 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. Next question from Vijay Karpe from Bryanston Investments, Please, go ahead, 
Sir. 
 
Vijay Karpe   
 
Thank you for the opportunity, and happy new year to the entire team of 5Paisa. I have 2 
questions. So, the first question is how is the wealth product that we have recently launched 
different from a PMS product and what are the legalities over there, because for PMS, we 
require a minimum 50 lakh investment and here I think so, we require 2.5 for one of the product 
and 5 lakhs for the other product.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, so this product that we have, it's a discretionary portfolio, so basically, it's not a PMS 
where the fund manager, we know, he's been given the money and he is managing it, here it is 
more of an advisory. So, there's an advisory portfolio which is there for a customer and the 
decision to invest is depending on the customer. So that's the difference. And hence, we follow 
all the investment recognition rules, where we don't manage the funds as I said it is managed by 
professional, you know, fund managers. I said there are two with whom we have tied up. One is 
Abacus and second is Renaissance, they are the ones who manage this fund, but the decision 
of investing, rebalancing and you know selling, lies with the customer and it happens with the 
consent of the customer.  
 
Vijay Karpe   
 
Okay, okay. And also, we talked about the MPS income for us being 20 crores. So, I was just 
doing my back of the envelope calculation. So, if I take the average of the two quarters of the 

 
12 
 
MPS book and use a 15% interest rate, it works out to 11 Crores, so, your number is 20 crores 
mine number is 11 crores. So, what am I missing?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
What is the interest rate that you have taken? 
 
Vijay Karpe   
 
15%. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
No. So, at the customer level we charge interest .06% per day. So on an annualized basis, it 
comes to around 21.9%. 
 
Vijay Karpe   
 
21.9%, okay. 
 
Gourav Munjal  
  
Also, while taking the average weight, we give the monthly average, but if we go at a ground 
level and if we calculate for every day, the average may be a slightly different. So, there is a 
small variation can be due to that otherwise, it is more or less same. 
 
Vijay Karpe   
 
Okay. And also I missed the payback period, how much was it, for the new customers?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Eight to 10 months. 
 
Vijay Karpe   
 
Eight to 10 months. Okay, I got it. thank you so much.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   

 
13 
 
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. The next question from Jenish Karia from Elara Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Jenish Karia   
 
Oh yeah, thank you for the opportunity. I just had one question. Can you just help me with the 
cash market ADTOs for this quarter and last quarter? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Cash market ADTO is consistently in the range of Rs.1000-1200 crores for both the last quarter 
as well as this quarter.  
 
Jenish Karia   
 
Okay, fine. That helps.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. We have a follow up question from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead sir. 
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Hi, thank you for the follow up again. Firstly, just on the previous question, you said Rs.1000- 
1200 crore of cash ADTO. How much of that would be delivery?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Almost today, 40 to 50% of the turnover is delivery, anywhere within ranges in the market. But 
yeah, that's the broad range.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
40 to 50%. Okay. Got it. And secondly, the point acquisition, you mentioned about activation 
rate of around 55-60% right? 

 
14 
 
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, around 60%. 
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
So my question is, why would the other 40% actually come on the app or download the app? Or 
am I missing something? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
That's a good question. I mean, that's something that even, you know, a lot of us also figure out 
that people open Demat account and one of the reasons can be that we don't charge for 
opening an account. So sometimes people open account and they do not trade for a while. 
Some people then they come out after maybe three months, six months later. But there is no 
definite answer that why people will open account and don't trade. But typically we have seen 
historically, that you know, there is always some percentage of customers who do not end up 
trading.  
 
One can be, one of the, we can also be that people might open one more extra account in just 
case of, you know, having a redundancy because today opening a Demat account is very easy, 
it's app based, just downloading an app and opening and it takes no more than 5-10 minutes. 
So maybe as a redundancy plan, people might be opening two Demat accounts and keeping 
one in standby. But that's just an hypothesis. We do a lot of activities to nudge customers to 
trade, but then you still get some customers who do not.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Okay, thanks for that. Also, is there any analysis that you would have on your, on the trades that 
the customer place? How much of the trades are based on the recommendation provided by 
5Paisa?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
See, we are not much into the recommendation, we don't provide that. As a part of our 
subscription, we give long term advisory calls, but broadly, we don't, we are not a research 
house in first place. We don't give intraday calls and derivative calls. So, largely customers do 
on their own.  

 
15 
 
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Okay, do you plan to add anything in terms of the research side?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
No, not in the near future, at least.  
 
Prayesh Jain  
  
Alright, thank you so much.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. The next question from Ms. Kajal Gandhi from ICICI Direct. Please go ahead, 
ma'am.  
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Hello hi, good afternoon Sir. Most of the questions were answered. I just wanted to know what is 
the impact of these margin and various regulations, which have now kicked off fully, and also 
that in-the-money options are also now delivery, there also retail investors are getting stuck. Is 
there any runaway we are seeing, any impact on volumes we're seeing?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
See, one, the first part is definitely there is an impact on the cash market turnover after we know 
this peak margin reporting has been there. So, if you keep our last, you know, for last four, five 
quarters, the cash market turnover, retail I'm talking about retail, has broadly been the same. 
Somewhere in the range of Rs.30 Crore, Rs 33 Crore to Rs 40,000 on a best month, you get a 
Rs.40,000 Crore turnover, and on the worst month you get around Rs 25-28,000 crore turnover, 
but that's something which is consistent. So, there is despite being the you know, the bull 
market sustaining for two years, the volumes have not gone. So, typically the impact of the peak 
margin reporting has definitely come on the cash segment. The impact of that, as I said earlier 
also, that it is now it is more delivery driven.  

 
16 
 
 
Second, the trading has shifted to derivatives and hence, you see the derivative volumes going 
off the roof. So, there is an impact, but on the revenue side, the impact has been insulated by 
the rise in derivative, but on the cash there is definitely impact. Now, the second point is very 
interesting, because it has happened, we know in the previous expiry and we have also 
returned to exchanges, seeking clarification because that is something which is extremely 
dangerous. Now, as a broker, earlier we used to, you know, also square off the positions in the, 
especially in the stock option. We used to square off the position a week before, we used to 
communicate to customers saying that, just one week left for the expiry. So, we'll square off. 
Now customers resisted a lot and there were a lot of complaints we got, that how can you 
square off a week before. So, we came to not squaring off and let people do it. But then 
Hindalco happened.  
 
So, we have written to, you know, exchanges seeking clarification that you know, in the last few 
minutes, if there are things changes and the options go from out of the money to in the money, 
and the funniest part is none of the, none of the customers understand this. So, I might pay just 
2000-3000 rupees to buy a lot, in any stock option, but if it comes to a delivery, it might, you 
know, be lakh and then unnecessary and most of the people do short, so, they might end up in 
auction.  
 
So right now, there is no solution, but yes, it is not a good trend. Typically, you know, there 
should be an option given to customer whether they want compulsory delivery or no. But as a 
broker, we have now taken option where we are just releasing a product version, where we are 
giving, asking customers to choose whether they want to take delivery or no. And if they choose 
not to, then we will square up a bit in time and not wait till the last minute. But yeah, this is an 
unfortunate incident which happened  
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Okay. What are the views on the margin funding books? In case, the book expands further, 
what are your borrowing costs and what is the margin that you make?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So, typically, you know, we raise anywhere around 9.5%, 10.5% from all the external parties, 
wherever you know we get funds from financial institutions, banks, but broadly 10% to 10.5% 
would be our cost and we charge as I said 0.06% per day. So annualised it comes to around 
21.9% So, difference is our earning, but typically our outstandings are not for full year. So 
customers keep a debit for 30 days-45 days, not much.  
 
Kajal Gandhi   

 
17 
 
 
Okay. And last question is about the acquisition. So, what are the, whether we have seen 
change in acquisition pattern or acquisition sources over a period, because now we are seeing 
a lot of competition across?  
 
Vijay Karpe   
 
Yeah, that’s a very good question, because in this competition, everything when you go out and 
do you know, marketing and paid marketing, everything becomes too costly, because 
everything is competitive. So, we changed, you know, our strategy sometime way back at Q3 of 
last year, where we said that, there is no point in going out and spending money just to acquire 
a customer. Right, left and center, you spend money, without revenue insight.  
 
So, we changed our strategy, we consolidated our avenues from where we were acquiring 
customers, we started focusing internally. And if you see today, almost 65 to 70% of our 
acquisition, either is happening through organically, or through referrals. So I think, if more 
people use it and spread a word, I think that is the best acquisition that we can get. Obviously, 
that may have some limitation in terms of, you know, the number, but then at least you are rest 
assured of the quality of customer. So that's the strategy that we follow. And we continue to do 
so.  
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Thank you, sir. Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir.  We have a follow up question from Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead, Sir.  
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Thank you very much sir. So just a quick clarification. You said the cost we can target about 
50% in coming quarter. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Oh, no, I don't think so. Gourav mentioned in the coming quarter, but over two to three quarters, 
we'll get down that cost. You're talking about fixed income cost, right?  
 

 
18 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Yeah, so yeah, fixed income.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah. So not in the next quarter. But yeah, in two or three quarters, that percentage we'll bring 
down to around 50%. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
50%. So, this includes your marketing and employee costs as well.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
So, this doesn't include the cost associated with acquisition. 
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Yeah, variable cost is not included.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, variable costs is not included.  
 
Deepak Poddar   
 
Thank you.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. Sir, we have a follow up question from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go-ahead Sir. 
 
Prayesh Jain   

 
19 
 
 
Yeah, hi. Just wanted to understand this. So, from a cost angle, you are saying that we will 
move to something like 50%. So does that mean your customer acquisition costs will be 
trending down further from the current level that you've achieved?  
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
No. So see, this doesn't include customer acquisition costs. The whole idea is  we want to 
achieve thatwe should be having a some fixed percentage of fixed cost, and in coming quarter, 
the income is expecting on a higher side. So definitely our fixed costs percentage should be on 
a reducing side. So, our first target is to get the 50% in coming quarters and then later, we can 
think about a much better ratio, but the whole idea is to maintain a cost with a fixed percentage. 
So the overall costing rise only if the client acquisition rises, otherwise it should be on the same 
level.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Okay, so if I understand correctly, it is you're mentioning that X of customer acquisition costs, 
whatever the cost we are, you will get 50%.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yes, that is for near future but typically in our kind of a digital business, your fixed cost to 
income ratio keeps going down over a period of time, because then, you know, it's more of an 
auto mode business that people trade on their own, and you don't incur recurring costs. But for, 
because we wanted to, you know, invest in technology and right now, after the fund raise, that 
the cost the percentage has gone up, it will come down, but this number is something that will 
keep floating downwards for some time.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
And under customer acquisition costs, we've seen a consistent reduction there. And if I recollect 
correctly, you mentioned in the previous call, that we're very close to reaching the bottom of the 
customer acquisition cost. So, do you stick to that view? Or do you think that there is a 
possibility for an even increase given that the competition is increasing?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
No, I still see there is there is definitely a room for 10 to 15% reduction in the customer 
acquisition cost, that I still believe that we can still go further down. But in broking, as and when 
you scale your numbers, this is a number which will always be fluctuating. And rather should 

 
20 
 
come down, why because if the brand becomes bigger, and the more customers are being 
acquired organically, then obviously, even if you get revenues, the cost of acquisition will be 
down. So, rather than numbers, it might sometimes for a quarter, it can be a blip, that it might 
come up, because we keep experimenting, in terms of if there is new branding exercise or if 
there's a new channel that we are looking at acquiring, but broadly I feel that this is on a 
reducing trend.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Okay, okay. And another question was your customer costs includes only marketing or does it 
include advertising costs as well? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
  
So, it excludes the branding expenses, advertising expenses, that is not included in this 
because those are ad hoc one-time activities. So that is something that we don't include here. 
But everything else is there. 
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Okay. And last question from my side is on your cross-sell ratio. How many customers, or any 
colour that you can provide on what is the number of customers having multiple products or any 
statistic that is employed?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Right now, it is very less. Our current penetration would be not more than 1.1 product per 
customer. So, we are working towards improving that. But right now it is very less, around 1.1.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Okay, so when you say that your breakeven is at around like 8 to 10 months, and your CAC is 
around 750 rupees. So, you're talking about a ARPU of somewhere around two thirds of that, so 
around 1200 rupees kind of ARPU. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah, not 1000. But yes. 
 
Prayesh Jain   

 
21 
 
 
That would be the primarily broking ARPU more than any major coming in from the. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah.  
 
Prayesh Jain   
 
Okay, thank you so much.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. We have a follow up question from Ms. Kajal Gandhi from ICICI Direct.  Please 
go ahead, ma'am.  
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
One small thing sir, whether we have utilized all the funds from the fundraising that was done 
and also as you're mentioning that you have spent off late on technology, what will be the 
technology costs for the quarter or as a trend?  
 
Gourav Munjal   
 
Hello.  So out of Rs.30 crore, our software technology cost is approximately 35 to 40% of Other 
cost which is coming around Rs.12 crore for this quarter . 
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Okay.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   
 
Yeah. And answer to the first part, so obviously the entire fund is not utilized because, I mean, it 
is used as part of our working capital. But, you know, we had, we had a plan for investing that 
money into acquisition and technology and the new product line. So that is work in progress. But 

 
22 
 
for now that capital is deployed for improving, for increasing our margin funding book, and also 
working capital.  
 
Kajal Gandhi   
 
Thank you. Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator   
 
So our question comes from Ray Pohanda from BCP Securities. Please go ahead, sir.  
 
 
 
Ray Pohanda   
 
Hi, thank you. Well, this is my first time dialing in and I just have a very brief question. Is it 
possible, if I missed certain parts of the call. Is this, is it prerecorded? Like can I hear it later?  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Yeah, this entire call is recorded. You can, you can read it later from our website, both the 
transcript and the recording.  
 
Ray Pohanda   
 
Thank you.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
  
Thank you.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on 
your telephone keypad. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the 
floor to the management for closing comments.  
 
Prakarsh Gagdani   

 
23 
 
 
Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone for joining the call. You can reach out to us at 
ir@5paisa in case you have further queries, we will be more than happy to answer. Thank you 
very much and have a good day.  
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, with this we conclude our conference call for today. 
Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may 
all disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good evening, everyone. 
______________________________________________________________________ 
      Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
