 
 
 
 
February 14, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Institutional Investors and Analysts Conference Call 
Scrip Code: 502219                            Symbol: BORORENEW 
 
          Series: EQ 
 
We enclose transcript of conference call with Institutional Investors and Analysts which was 
held on February 09, 2022. 
Audio recording of call is available on: 
http://borosilrenewables.com/Investor.html?q=AnalystMeet 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Renewables Limited  
 
 
    
 
 
Kishor Talreja 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. FCS 7064 
 
Encl: As above 
 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Borosil Renewables Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST:  
MR. KEVYN KADAKIA – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. P. K. KHERUKA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN - 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK JAIN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR - BOROSIL 
RENEWABLES LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL ROONGTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED 
MR. SWAPNIL WALUNJ– HEAD OF MARKETING - 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Borosil Renewables Limited Q3 
FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then ‘0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Kevyn Kadakia from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you and over to your sir! 
Kevyn Kadakia: 
Thank you Janis good afternoon, everyone, I am Kevyn Kadakia and  a resource for the 
Industrial Infrastructure and Logistic Sectors at Axis Capital. On behalf of Axis, I am 
pleased to welcome you all for the Borosil Renewables Q3 FY 2022 Earnings Conference 
Call. We have with us the management team of Borosil Renewables which is represented 
by Mr. P. K. Kheruka – Executive Chairman, Mr. Ashok Jain – Whole time Director, Mr. 
Sunil Roongta – CFO and Mr. Swapnil Walunj– Head of Marketing. We will begin with the 
opening remarks from Mr. Kheruka followed by interactive Q&A session. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
P K Kheruka: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the Borosil Renewables Q3 FY2022 Investor 
Call. It is a pleasure to be interacting with you once again. The Board of Borosil 
Renewables approved the company’s financial results for Q3 FY2022 on 8th February. Our 
results and an updated presentation have been sent to the stock exchanges and have also 
been uploaded on the company’s website. 
 
During the quarter the company recorded net sales of Rs.168.5 Crores, an increase of 20% 
over the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The average ex-factory prices of 
tempered solar glass during the quarter were about Rs.141.5 per square metre, per 
millimeter as compared to Rs.112.9 per square meter, per millimeter during the 
corresponding quarter in the previous year. Exports during Q3 FY2022 including to 
customers in SEZ were Rs.44.6 Crores comprising 26.5% of the turnover. The company 
recorded net sales of Rs.465.2 Crores during the nine months ended December 2021, an 
increase of 51% over the same period in the previous year of which exports including to 
customers in SEZ recorded an increase of 84% to Rs.131.9 Crores from Rs.71.6 Crores for 
the previous corresponding period. 
 
From the second quarter of the current financial year, we saw inflation in prices of natural 
gas. Prices of electricity, packing materials have also been escalating along with the sharp 
rise in export freight costs. Fortunately high realizations have more than covered for these 
cost increases. EBITDA during the quarter including the subsidy of Indian Rs.5.3 Crores 
from the government of Gujarat was Rs.75.5Crores corresponding to an EBIDTA margin of 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
44.8% as compared to a margin of 38.3% in Q3 FY2021 and 36.7% in the previous quarter. 
Higher EBITDA led to an increase in the Profit after Tax and the company has recorded 
Profit after Tax of Rs.45.7 Crores in the quarter. I am happy to say that the total EBITDA of 
Rs.202 Crores earned in the previous year has been matched within the first nine months of 
the current financial year. 
 
While the operations of both our furnaces have been optimal with good output, we are 
continuing to see strong demand for our products. Increase in installed capacity of 
Renewable Energy is a high  priority of government of India which continues to provide 
strong thrust  to the installation of solar power projects. The government has announced 
three major steps underlining its commitment to the establishment of a strong domestic 
solar manufacturing eco-system. The first is the announcement of an additional allocation of 
Rs.19500 Crores under the PLI scheme for solar cells and modules raising the total 
allocation to a very impressive Rs.24000 Crores. The second is the formal announcement of 
basic customs duty on solar panels at 40% and on solar cells at 25% effective from 1st April 
2022. The third is the scheme of Approved list of Models and Manufacturers introduced 
some months ago whereby effectively only Indian manufacturers of solar modules are able 
to supply to many types of government tenders which have now been extended to open 
access and net metering projects as well. 
 
As a result, we are expecting that large incremental capacities already announced will now 
be implemented. Even  though 14 Gigawatts of solar module manufacturing capacity exists 
in India, actual production was about 5.5 Gigawatts during the financial year 2021. We  see 
installed capacity rising to 50 Gigawatts of solar panels within the next three years. This 
will give a great boost to domestic production of solar equipment in India causing a major 
shift away from imports from China to sourcing from domestic manufacturers. 
Consequently, we expect increased demand for solar glass in India. We are in advanced 
discussion with many of these manufacturers who are all looking to have a local source of 
supply for solar glass.  
 
Solar power is undergoing a phase of intense expansion; European Union has launched a 
solar accelerator program to promote production of solar modules in Europe. Solar 
components are likely to enjoy a sweet spot for the next many years.  It is heartening to note 
that the solar installations in the country have picked up momentum in the current year. The 
installations in the first nine months of FY2022 have been 9.2 Gigawatts, which has 
matched the earlier best for a full year. This trend is expected to gain further ground and the 
level of annual installations is expected to accelerate to significantly higher levels. There is 
a growing demand from export customers looking at the expected significant rise in local 
production of solar modules in major markets i.e. to say Europe and USA. We see an 
attractive future growth in the company’s exports.  

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
There have been structural shifts in the demand for solar glass on the back of technological 
changes in solar cells and modules. The module sizes are becoming larger and there is 
growing preference of bifacial modules, using two glasses in each module as against one in 
the case a conventional module. As a result, there is a shift in favor of thinner glass of 2mm 
globally. Borosil is equipped to meet this to a great extent and is also building significant 
capacities for such products looking at future growth. The entire global solar PV value 
chain has been going through a certain amount of volatility in terms of demand-supply and 
prices. We as a country are also impacted. On one hand the prices of inputs have risen and 
on the other hand the solar glass export prices from China have declined in the last few 
months. This is likely to cause a moderation in the margins for the company and also for the 
competition. However, the demand for solar glass for the company remains high in both 
domestic and export markets. Moreover, the company is active in examining and re-
examining avenues for cost cutting and making operations more viable at all times.  
 
As many of you are aware Borosil Renewables is currently undertaking a Brownfield 
capacity expansion, a third solar line with a capacity of 550 metric tons to meet the growing 
demand. This will enhance our capacity from 450 tons per day to 1000 tons per day. 
Commercial production from SG-3 is expected to commence in the second quarter of 
FY2023. Further, the company’s board has already approved further expansion of capacity 
through Solar Glass 4 & 5 in order to raise the capacity from 1000 tons to 2000 tons per 
day. Work on the SG-4 project is expected to commence during the second quarter of 
CY2022. Given the lead times required for capacity expansion this additional capacity can 
come on stream in the third quarter of CY2023. With that I would like to open the floor to 
questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Avnish Khara from VT Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Avnish Khara: 
Good afternoon, sir. My first question is regarding the soda ash as I understand we had 
fixed term contract that ended in December. So, going forward how we are going to be 
acquiring soda ash and do we expect margins to be affected despite higher solar glass 
prices? 
Ashok Jain: 
Soda ash contract which we had has spilled over to the current quarter which is January to 
March as certain quantities remained to be fulfilled out of the earlier contract. Also, we had 
negotiated additional volumes at a slightly lower price compared to the current prices. So, 
the impact in the quarter January to March is going to be minimal in that respect, but going 
forward from April onwards the impact will be felt fully. The prices of soda ash have run up 
by almost 60% in the last couple of months and that is true for all the buyers of soda ash 
including our competitors. So, to that extent it will impact the costing for all the solar glass 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
manufacturers and that would certainly lead to compression in the margins in case the 
selling prices do not expand. 
Avnish Khara: 
Right Sir, my second question is regarding the scenario in India, I think domestic 
production is not going to be ramping up pretty quickly as it is just 5.5 Gigawatts, so do you 
expect transitionary slow down in the solar demand in India as production tries to catch up 
with the supply? 
P K Kheruka: 
I do not think there is going to be let up in the demand for solar modules. The question is 
from where it will be met? Secondly, we do have a manufacturing capacity of 14 Gigawatts 
in the country which is existing; I do not see that there is any possibility of any reduction in 
the demand for solar modules or the supply of solar modules in India.  
Ashok Jain: 
In fact, just to add, lot of tenders have already been awarded and lot of pipeline is already 
existing for the solar installations. I am told almost 75 Gigawatt of pipeline exists in the 
country in order to make the installations in next couple of years. So, contrary to your 
statement, we see a significant rise in installations. In the case of module manufacturing 
capacity also all the large players who have announced their plan are quickly adding 
capacities and we expect  a considerable volume of capacity  to be added in next one-year 
time. So, there should be a significant increase in the activity of manufacturing and 
installation both.  
Avnish Khara: 
Right sir, if I may just squeeze in one last question, do you really feel solar glass prices in 
next couple of quarters will taper off from Rs.141 or do you see some kind of rise from here 
as well? 
P K Kheruka: 
This is a very difficult question to answer. I simply cannot have any guess on this matter. 
Our prices are dependent on the international prices and what turn they will take is 
something which is truly speculative. So, I would not like to have any guess on this. 
Avnish Khara: 
Okay, sure. Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh from DS Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Devesh: 
Good afternoon. Congratulations for good results. Quick questions on the next leg of 
growth side. Our capacity expansion plan of SG-4 and SG-5. Could you help us understand 
in terms of the financing or how would these be financed? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
P K Kheruka: 
SG-4 we had planned to finance by way of equity and debt mix and the right mix will be 
known in couple of months. In terms of the equity raise we do have plans to raise equity for 
SG-4 and the exact amount will have known in few months maybe after April. In terms of 
SG-5 it is still away, so we will see whether the internal accruals would be sufficient, and 
we do not have to raise further equity for SG-5. 
Devesh: 
Okay, and in terms of export there is a pattern of healthy mix of export going in each 
quarter right now closer to 26%. Can you throw some light in terms of medium-term as to 
how do you see this percentage panning out from here on? 
P K Kheruka: 
We are confident to maintain this trend of about 28% including the SEZ exports of solar 
glass. We could potentially increase the exports even beyond this, but we have to balance 
out within the domestic requirement as well as the export market. Just for the information of 
the participants, export markets are growing significantly particularly in Europe, Turkey 
and also USA. So, there is buoyancy in those markets in terms of requirement for the glass 
as the module manufacturing activity is significantly rising in those geographies. So, we do 
have good amount of growth prospect in those markets. 
Devesh: 
Just connected question, in the last call you alluded that export margins are slightly 
increased to what we get in India, is that still the trend or do you see that improving given 
the demand is exploding outside India as well? 
P K Kheruka: 
The margins are slightly lower, but they are not very abnormally placed in terms of the 
comparison. We expect a similar trend to continue for some time. 
Devesh: 
Okay, thank you. That is all from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jimesh Sanghvi from Jimesh Sanghvi and 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Jimesh Sanghvi: 
Sir, couple of things if you can share the volume numbers this quarter because if I look at 
the sequential trend, we have seen the revenue growth of around 5% wherein the 
realizations have grown by around 20%, so has there been a dip in terms of volumes this 
quarter or is there some slow down in terms of demand that has been seen in this quarter, if 
you can throw some light on that? 
Ashok Jain: 
Practically there is no dip in the volume which is significant. In terms of the IND AS 
requirement we have to actually exclude a certain amount of sale which has not reached the 
customers. So, there has been reversal of the sales to the tune of about Rs.5 Crores or so on 
a cost basis. That has led to this kind of situation. But on the volume front we are  flat out 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
running full capacity and selling full capacity. As of 31st December 2021 actually if you 
look at the finished goods stock in the factory it was virtually zero. So, there is no problem 
from the demand side and we continue to believe that the entire production can be sold 
without any difficulties. We actually have only about 35% market share in India which also 
means that lot of demand is available for us to service. We only have a constraint on the 
production side which will be addressed after we expand the capacities to some extent. 
Jimesh Sanghvi: 
Okay, basically this Rs.5 Crores’ reversal on the cost side would kind of get accounted in 
the Q4 numbers, is that right? 
Ashok Jain: 
Practically yes, provided there is no similar carry forward at the end of March which 
generally we would like to avoid, but it all depends on the situation. 
Jimesh Sanghvi: 
Yes, and couple of other things, one if you can share the current realizations of the solar 
glass prices which is there and on the new capacity how fast can the new capacity ramp up 
post coming commissioning? 
Ashok Jain: 
We already mentioned about the new capacity coming up in Q2 of FY2023 which is July to 
September 2022. So, that quarter we will see the production from the current expansion 
coming up. In terms of the prices, we have already said that there has been certain 
correction in the prices. What extent exactly it will pan out for the entire quarter we cannot 
commit right now but there is a small decline in the prices. 
Jimesh Sanghvi: 
Okay, on the ramp up just wanted to understand can it be ramped up to 70%-80% 
immediately or it would take around five months to six months to ramp up and stabilize the 
capacity? 
Ashok Jain: 
In terms of the production generally we like to operate the furnace at full capacity more or 
less, but one can imagine that for the initial couple of months the capacity utilization could 
be little lower at 85% or thereabouts. But in a couple of months, one can come to higher 
capacity utilization. We have already demonstrated this in expansion of SG-2 where we 
could come up to higher capacity in two months, or three months. So, we like to operate it 
at optimum capacity. 
Jimesh Sanghvi: 
Thanks sir, that was helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Mohit: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very, very good set of numbers. Sir, my 
question is when you say that you are tying; you are in talks with the new developers or 
new solar manufacturing capacities coming up. Are you looking at some kind volume tie up 
and will there be any price certainty also, that is my first question? 
Ashok Jain: 
In terms of how the prices work in the solar glass market  it is on month-to- month contract. 
It is not annual prices.  But generally speaking, the customers also expect the landed cost as 
the benchmark. That is how it operates. Our prices have to be in the same ballpark.  But 
there are some large buyers who are also willing at tying up at some fixed price or some 
formula which is different from market prices. So, it will all depend on negotiations with 
each of these buyers. Based on that we will arrive at the pricing mechanism for each of 
them. It may not be a uniform mechanism whether it is cost plus basis or whether it is some 
standard price or in most of the cases it will be market related price. 
Mohit: 
My second question is that, given that the PLI scheme has been enlarged and the number 
which we are talking about maybe 25 Gigawatt – 30 Gigawatt, is there any plan to ramp up 
the capacity more than 12.5 Gigawatt which is in the sales at this point of time? 
P K Kheruka: 
At this point of time, I think we are thinking of just 12.5 Gigawatts and no more, because 
there are other capacities which have been announced by different players in the country 
and we would like to see what happens with them. So, for the time being I think this is it. 
Mohit: 
Thirdly, what is the status of anti-dumping duty on the Chinese solar glass?, 
P K Kheruka: 
Yes, it is coming to an end in July. We have already applied for an extension of the same 
because there is no change in the circumstance. They continue to dump, and we are 
awaiting the result of our application. 
Mohit: 
One more question, given that our gas requirement will go up, can you let me know what is 
the demand requirement that 2100 TPD, what is the gas requirement and are we procuring 
gas at spot markets, is there any plan to tie up with slightly longer-term given that gas 
would be a significant cost item for us? 
Ashok Jain: 
We are not buying any significant amount of gas in the spot market. We hardly buy any 
quantity. We have long-term contracts or medium-term contracts with the GAIL Limited 
and we are again negotiating with them for the expansion i.e., SG-3, and we should 
conclude the contract with them in the next couple of months. For SG-4 and SG-5 also we 
will similarly require the gas which we would like to cover under certain contracts which 
would be medium-term, but we restrict our buying in the spot market. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Mohit: 
Will the pricing for gas be volatile and is that the right assumption? 
Ashok Jain: 
There are different baskets, different benchmark contracts are available. Generally there is 
some linkage to crude, but there are different indexes available like JKM or Oil related or 
Henry Hub. So, different contracts are available and we have a mix of these so that we 
reduce the volatility. 
Mohit: 
What is the full requirement at 2100 TPD, if I may know? 
Ashok Jain: 
It could be close to 3 lakhs cubic meter per day. 
Mohit: 
Understood, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshan Manik from Lark Consultancy. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshan Manik: 
Congratulations on good set of number. Can you just brief about the EBITDA margins 
every quarter there is huge fluctuation in our margins, what is the specific reason for this? 
Ashok Jain: 
EBITDA margins are fluctuating largely because of the selling prices. If you really look at 
the prices in the first quarter of this financial year, we had good prices, good set of numbers 
and in the second quarter the prices declined because international prices dropped, so we 
had to align the prices to that level and third quarter again which is what we are discussing 
again the prices have moved up which is closer to the first quarter. So, there have been 
significant ups and downs in these prices which has impacted the EBITDA levels and 
because this is a volume business, and the selling prices are very important in terms of the 
EBITDA numbers which is impacted to a great extent. 
Darshan Manik: 
Agreed, but there would be some range with which we would be working because our cost 
and everything is passed on. So, beyond a point we would not be looking to expand the 
margins, I mean certain range is fine but even considering that the selling prices fixed for a 
month or so overall in a year our margins would fixed somewhere in the range because at 
times your selling price would be increased at times your selling price would be increasing 
in another quarter, the cost would be increasing in another quarter, so quarterly margins can 
be here and there, but overall in a year the margin should not be very much here and there if 
my understanding is right? 
Ashok Jain: 
Actually, we do not have control on this kind of situation because the prices are depending 
on the landing price of imports and our buyers look at those prices. So, when the prices are 
low and even though our costs are rising, it is not that the price that we can charge could be 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
higher. Hope you understand what I say, and when the prices are rising internationally there 
is no reason for us to charge lower prices because similar thing has not happened when the 
prices were low, and the costs were higher. So, it all depends on how the prices are 
behaving in the international market and in international market also if you see currently the 
costs are rising for all the solar glass manufacturers even though the prices are moderating. 
So, it is not having any direct relationship so to say and it is more to do with the demand-
supply, the inventories and all those factors which are also largely connected to the Chinese 
manufacturers so to say. You are right that there will be some ballpark number but there is 
no control over that number from our side. 
Darshan Manik: 
On the higher side what would be the margin, I mean it would not be that we would be 
charging any XYZ amount. So, on the higher side what can be the margin expected and on 
the lower side what will be the margin which we will be protecting at any cost? 
Ashok Jain: 
I think this question cannot be replied to your satisfaction probably because, prices have 
moved by 70% up also and prices have moved 70% down also. So, you really cannot have 
any ballpark number for what could be the band within which the higher margin or lower 
margin will work. 
Darshan Manik: 
We would not be selling our products at a loss, there would be something cost plus 
percentage which at least we would be expecting when we are selling? 
Ashok Jain: 
I was about to say that the overseas manufacturers also are listed companies and they also 
report their numbers on quarterly basis, and they also have certain cost based on which they 
decide on price. So, obviously they would not like to sell below cost, similarly we will also 
not like to sell below cost. 
Darshan Manik: 
Okay, thank you. That is, it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sharan an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sharan: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just would like to know already there is a discussion or a news 
around solar glass recycle, from that perspective do you have any plan for that in future, any 
opportunities for Borosil? 
P K Kheruka: 
At the moment there is no established way for recycling of solar glass in any significant 
volume. It is very time consuming and tedious process to be followed, because all the 
plastic parts have to separate which are stuck to the glass. So, far we are not aware of any 
proper recycling. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Ashok Jain: 
Also, the volumes in the country are very low. The installations in the country have picked 
up only in the last four-five years. So, when the significant volume is there, and the life 
cycle of the modules is over after 25 years or so the recycling will start at that point in time. 
So, it is still some time away, maybe 15 years away or 10years away from now when the 
recycling will happen in a meaningful way and by that time, we can expect some 
technology with right economics will come into play which will be of interest. At that time, 
we will think about it. 
Swapnil Walunj : 
Having said that, we are keeping our eyes and ears open and there are certain technologies 
that we are looking at with interest. 
Sharan: 
Okay, thanks and SG-3 and 4 that will be planned in the existing line those are brown fields 
and considering there is a huge plan of government by 2070, now they are talking about 
everything in renewable energy. So, do you have already anything planned for buying more 
land for additional capacity or beyond SG-5 also still you have place for additional capacity 
in the existing land, what is the? 
P K Kheruka: 
I think the SG-5 would take up the existing land, but we might be able to acquire still more 
land, but that is really going so far into the future that any speculation on that is not really 
meaningful. 
Ashok Jain: 
And also, we continue to evaluate whether to continuously expand in the same location or 
whether we should also explore any other location in India or else were in terms of de-
risking our sales from the single location point of view. We will keep evaluating all those 
aspects and take an appropriate call. 
Sharan: 
One last question, apart from glass in the solar panels any other components or any other 
technology or product you are planning to come up with in future. 
P K Kheruka: 
In Borosil Renewables Limited, at this moment there is nothing other than solar glass.  
Sharan: 
Okay, sure and sorry for asking one more question, just would like to know after the Borosil 
Limited and Borosil Renewable restructuring and merger de-merger process, would like to 
clarify one thing is, is there directly or indirectly anything still with Borosil Limited or it is 
completely a separate and there is no shareholding between both? 
Ashok Jain: 
There is no relation between the two companies except the promoters are same and they 
continue to hold majority and the promoters are there on the Boards. The total management 
and everything is different and shareholding wise there is no close relationship, there are no 
meaningful related party transactions. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Sharan: 
Thank you very much, Sir and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samir Gandhi from Greenergy 
Sustainable. Please go ahead. 
Samir Gandhi: 
Sir, who will be our top three competitors for the manufacturing of the solar glass in India. 
Second thing, who are the top five customers by turnover? 
P K Kheruka: 
The answer to the first question is not possible for us to give, because so far nobody has 
come up. So, first of all the person has to come up, he has to be established and become a 
first in the market and then we can say, so that is one thing, and the second thing is 
confidential information, I am sorry we cannot pass that on to you. 
Samir Gandhi: 
Okay, in manufacturing of these glasses how much percentage of the raw material is 
imported, and have you faced any difficulties in procuring that looking at the logistic 
problems which you have faced in last six months? 
P K Kheruka: 
Bulk of the material is all being sourced domestically, just some things which are trace 
chemicals are sometimes imported, but more than 99.5% of materials are available 
domestically. 
Samir Gandhi: 
Next question is that panel manufacturers generally give 10 years of warranty for glass or 
any mechanical part of the solar panels, whether same warranty is extended by Borosil to 
the OEMs and if so, then how much percentage of that warranty claims are there for the last 
quarter or last year? 
P K Kheruka: 
I do not believe we have received any claims so far, sometimes we do but it is not a 
question of a delayed claim. If there is problem we deal with it on the spot.  
Ashok Jain: 
Just to explain to you that the warranty is actually given by the module manufacturer to the 
developer or the buyer because he is getting the module certified and he is certifying that so 
much of output will be there. Glass is only one of the components which is fitted in the 
module, and to that extent the fluctuation in the power output from the module can be 
associated with many products which are other than glass. So, in terms of our product 
supply, we only supply the glass to the specification which is agreed with the buyer and 
there are no further guarantees. If there is a breakage or if there is a quality claim, we of 
course settle the quality claim or breakage in the glass to the satisfaction of the buyer but 
there is no warrantee for 10 years or 25 years from the perspective of glass supply. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Samir Gandhi: 
One more thing that if set back duties are not continued beyond the deadlines then what will 
be the kind of margin you are expecting? 
Ashok Jain: 
You mean the anti-dumping duty on glass? 
Samir Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Ashok Jain: 
In a meaningful way the imports are now coming from Malaysia and Vietnam, less are from 
China and to certain extent of course the import comes China, but if the duty is not 
extended the imports from China may rise and that can of course affect our ability to 
command certain price. To what extent it will happen and whether it will happen or not is 
hypothetical as of now because we believe that we have a good chance to get the anti-
dumping duty extended for second term. But should it not happen for some reason then 
there will definitely be some amount of setback in the prices. 
Samir Gandhi: 
Suppose in such a scenario do you feel that completely depending on only one product like 
solar panel glass is slightly difficult for company to plan for the long future? 
Ashok Jain: 
We believe that this is a good product where the government is completely focused on solar 
renewables and solar energy where the demand is going to rise significantly. We have been 
trying to achieve economies of the scale by expanding our capacities in order to become 
more and more competitive. So, in terms of innovations, in terms of raw material cost or 
energy cost we have been trying to economize on all fronts so that the costs are under our 
control. Despite all these uncertainties what you have mentioned about the discontinuance 
of duty and all, we believe the margin which we can achieve from this business is quite 
satisfactory and that is the reason we continue to remain invested, and continue to be 
investing more money into this business. 
Samir Gandhi: 
In DCR panels, place and manufacturing is supposed to be in India and mostly DCR panels 
are made compulsory as you said, so whether in DCR panel’s glass is also made 
compulsory to be manufactured in India? 
Ashok Jain: 
Glass unfortunately has never been the part of DCR. DCR is only on the module and solar 
cell. Similarly, the BCD which has come is also on solar module and solar cells only. Glass 
like any other component of solar module is left out to be decided whether it is to be 
sourced locally or imported but, we produce a competitive product and have priced it 
competitively. We believe that once the expansion of the demand takes place by way of 
increase in the module manufacturing activity, the scale will rise for us and other 
component manufacturers also and the demand itself will actually ensure that we earn good 
margins. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Samir Gandhi: 
Okay, thank you and last question you yourself using some solar power for your factories? 
Ashok Jain: 
We do have wind power which we had installed some years back and now we are going to 
set up solar and wind hybrid project which will be commissioned in the coming financial 
year. So, we will probably shift to close to 25 to 30% of power from our own renewable 
sources in the foreseeable future maybe after October 2022 or so. That is the maximum 
allowed as per the policy though we wish that we can consume more power from 
renewables but there are policy restrictions due to which we will have to be satisfied with 
that. 
Samir Gandhi: 
Best of luck for future and thanks for giving me an opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiral from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhiral: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. As you mentioned in your opening 
commentary that currently the glass prices have come down globally, particularly in China, 
so assuming the price remained same for the quarter and with the current prices of raw 
material which is there right now. How much impact we can see on the margins? 
Ashok Jain: 
The impact of raw material prices as I had mentioned earlier in the quarter January to 
March it will not be significant because our earlier contracts of soda ash are still to be 
fulfilled completely. The increase will be marginal in that sense. So, from the perspective of 
any meaningful or significant contraction in the margins we do not foresee significant drop 
but there will be some impact and on the selling price also there will be certain amount of 
impact which I have already mentioned that prices are fluctuating almost every ten days. 
So, we cannot be certain and see what the realization will be by the end of March.. 
Dhiral: 
What is the reason for such volatility in the prices as these are fluctuating every ten days? 
Ashok Jain: 
Basically what we believe is that the Chinese manufacturers or the Chinese owned 
companies which are set up in other geographies like Malaysia and Vietnam operate based 
on certain comfort of keeping inventories and certain level of infrastructure which they have 
to keep the inventory. In case the inventories rise beyond control, they try to liquidate the 
stocks at lesser price which creates a ripple in the market in terms of the price fluctuation 
and of course the expansion plans for those companies or the demand-supply situation could 
be additional features why the prices fluctuate like this. This demand-supply scenario in 
nutshell is the reason why the prices fluctuate so much. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Dhiral: 
Lastly what could be the peak debt that you are comfortable with by the time our SG-5 
commence? 
Ashok Jain: 
As an internal policy of the company and the management we would like to restrict our debt 
to two times of EBITDA. 
Dhiral: 
Okay, and lastly what is the contribution of the thinner glass or bifacial glass from the 
overall revenue? 
Ashok Jain: 
When you say thinner glass, we call thinner glass as 2mm, 2.5mm and 2.8mm which 
comprise nearly 30% of our portfolio. Whether it goes in the conventional or bifacial 
module we do not control. Our thinner glass portfolio is at 30%. The share of 2mm is 
expected to exceed  30% going forward because the thinner glass demand is going up. 
Dhiral: 
So, it commands the higher prices also or the prices remain same? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, it is better on a per mm per square metre basis because the output is also slightly 
impacted in terms of the yield and the cost with that becomes little higher, but still the 
margins are relatively better in the thinner glass. 
Dhiral: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh from DS Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Devesh: 
Thank you for the followup. Just wanted to get some sense on cost part right, because once 
we have SG-3 coming up which is more than doubling the capacity. Could you help us 
understand in terms of operational efficiency or any internal metrics like cost per ton or 
something, how do you see that improving and if you were to sort of take it little longer-
term and all the duties and all exist do you have sense that we are getting to a steadier state 
level playing scene against Chinese or those players, just qualitative, quantitative any 
thoughts would be helpful? 
Ashok Jain: 
In terms of the expansions, we will certainly accrue certain economies of scale because the 
overheads and the wage costs will be spread over the larger production which will definitely 
help us to expand our EBITDA margins. Whether it will be 2% or 3% or 4% that we have 
to see but one can say between 2 to 4% accretion in the margins could take place on account 
of scale.  

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tariq Hussain from Gringotts Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Tariq Hussain: 
Thank you for the opportunity, I just have one question. We have seen demand for bifacial 
modules increasing in China and other places, I just wanted to get a sense if you see the 
same demand in India and how is it impacting the demand scenario at your end? 
Ashok Jain: 
In India so far there is not much demand for the bifacial or thinner glass of 2mm, but it is 
now catching up and all the large manufacturers in India maybe 10 of them who are large 
manufacturers, are talking of big size modules which are currently in fashion and also the 
thinner glass. So, we believe that we will soon catch up on bifacial module trend.  To what 
extent it will penetrate, we have to see in next one or two years but the demand for the 
thinner glass and larger size and for bifacial module is going to grow significantly 
worldwide and India will also see a similar trend. 
Tariq Hussain: 
Okay, thank you. That is, it from me. All the best for the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Upadhya from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Upadhya: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sorry Sir, I joined a bit late, probably you would have answered 
this question but still I want to have a clarification. Could you just mention what kind of 
premium does 2mm glass have compared to the other thicker glass module? You also 
mentioned that the margin across the 2mm glass is much better, if you can just give a 
ballpark figure the premium which is has over the conventional one? 
Ashok Jain: 
In the Indian context the 2mm glass demand is virtually not there as of now. It has just 
started and how it will be priced, we will see as we go along. But in terms of the 
international market the prices are higher by close to 25 to 30% compared to their normal 
3.2mm glass on 1mm, 1 square metre basis and that the cost is also higher compared to 
manufacturing 3.2mm. So, margins are better. What exactly is the number I cannot really 
talk to you on this line but the profitability in making thinner glass is definitely better. 
Anuj Upadhya: 
Okay, fine but do we export 2mm as on date? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, we do export 2mm. 
Anuj Upadhya: 
Okay, and you mentioned that probably it could be in the range of 20 to 25% of our total 
portfolio? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Ashok Jain: 
That also includes 2.5mm and 2.8 mm, a significant amount of this thinner glass portfolio 
what we have is 2.8mm and all of it is going in domestic market. So, from the perspective 
of what is the share of 2mm and what is the export,  that is not very high, it may be a couple 
of percentage 3 to 4%. 
Anuj Upadhya: 
Fair enough Sir, and you mentioned this could go closer to 30% going ahead considering 
the international and domestic demand? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, that is what the projections by various agency shows that bifacial modules will cross 
30% of the overall installation, it has already happened in China, and it is also catching up 
in India and other geographies including USA and Europe. 
Anuj Upadhya: 
Got it and lastly just a follow up on the PLI scheme, now we have seen that many local 
manufacturers are now planning to expand their existing capacity and also many new 
players who planned up a huge capacity in the solar manufacturing. Can you just throw 
some highlights whether they would be manufacturing the glasses as well or it is only a 
particular equipment that is the cells and modules is what these guys are targeting? 
Ashok Jain: 
It is entirely at the discretion of each of the manufacturer to set up and backward integration 
to the extent they would like to but generally speaking in the Chinese market or other 
international markets the glass production has been with different set of people and module 
and cell manufacturing has been with the different set. But in India some people have taken 
that kind of call to produce solar glass also internally more particularly because significant 
capacity is not available in India, the market is not matured to that extent as in China and 
also, they would like ensure that their supply chain is not disrupted because of the 
dependence on the imports and all these geo-political situations. So, they have taken the call 
to install certain capacity for their captive consumption. Now, whether one will do, or 
everybody will do is for every individual company to make that kind of decision. What we 
know is that only two companies have so far discussed this kind of situation rest of the 
people are still looking at glass suppliers for the glass supply. 
Anuj Upadhya: 
Fair enough Sir that is confirmed. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Kashyap an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Good afternoon Kheruka Ji and let me begin by thanking you for the excellent stewardship 
that you provided to the group over the last few years and especially in these tough times 
so, thanks a lot for that. My first question to you Sir, is that just looking at the landscape in 
terms of its opportunities and threats everybody as their grandfather is talking solar and 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
investing in solar and getting into solar, but if I was to flip that around and look at it from 
the threat perception especially as bigger and bigger conglomerate get into the entire chase. 
Would not too many people start of fully integrating putting up their own glass units over a 
period of time because some of these guys would be big they could also start arm twisting 
the government in terms of saying that we need a lot more glass then would manufacturers 
to remove any kind of protection and let us buy from outside which will be harmful to us 
and thirdly also that as we know that while 25 and 40 BCD and all is on the module etc but 
on the glass other than the counter duty of 9% odd from Malaysia and maybe a bit from 
China even from Vietnam we are not protected. So, if they understand is there a cause to 
significant concern in terms of power growth prospect to the glass manufacturer or the solar 
will be booming in the future? 
P K Kheruka: 
The answer is simple on that, until the 9th of March 2021 there was no kind of duty or tariff 
barrier on the entry of solar glass from Malaysia, Malaysia has a large production of solar 
glass, and they could easily service lot of the requirement of the Indian manufacturers as 
and when required and when the goods were entering without any hindrance. We posted our 
most interesting results that were for the quarter ended March 2021 which if you notice we 
did well in that quarter. So, the fact is that while the question of competition is open ended, 
we faced competition, I have personally been in the business for 50 years I had competition 
all the time and I understand how to fight competition and we do it, so I am not really 
worried about it, let us put it that way. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Okay, that is good to know. Second question is more on the expansion, now I think this first 
time we raised money was in December 2020 for SG-3 and we pretty much had most board 
approvals and let us say internal approvals for SG-4 in place starting 2021. My 
understanding is that if we raised money in December 2020 and if we are likely to see SG-3 
come up on stream between July-August-September it is roughly an 18 plus month lead 
time. So, earlier if you saw these chart on progressive expansion of capacity people always 
lean towards Q2 of FY2023 or Q2 of FY2024 now it is more Q3 and given that we have not 
even started the process, let us say if you start in April-May would we not be looking at the 
next one only towards the end of 2023 and the subsequent one towards the end of 2024. So, 
if there is so much of interest in the solar sector and there is an advantage of getting in first 
and sort of building scale so that everybody has to come to us later why is that, that we are 
taking longer than anticipated on SG-4? 
P K Kheruka: 
We have to balance many things and one of the things we have to balance is also our risk 
appetite and there is a set amount of risk that we are prepared to take and beyond that it is 
not safe for the organization and for the investors, for everybody. So, we can only take 
measured steps and I think we are doing well on that. To answer your question about the 
time that we took I would like to say that our second furnace that we did, we had lit the 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
furnace in under 14 months and that was a remarkable achievement, I do not know if 
anybody in India has ever done that. The reason we have taken longer on this furnace was it 
is a completely new furnace; it is much larger than anything that has been done before and 
therefore there is a lot to be done in design aspects of that thing. The other thing which has 
caused a lot of delay in this particular SG-3 is COVID. So, we faced COVID twice, once 
first wave, second wave. The first wave came up only in August-September of 2020, did not 
come up in April or May. So, we faced two waves of COVID within less than nine months 
of each other between the tapering of one and the starting of the next and these things did 
set back procurement and stuff like that for a bit. But we are on track now and the chances 
are that SG-4 should not take as long as SG-3 did. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Would it be safe to say that SG-4 work is happening and fundraise etc should happen soon 
and it should not take 18 to 20 months, so maybe on stream will happen faster. But more 
importantly are we looking for a fundraise sometime in the next one or two or three months 
or it is going to be longer? 
Ashok Jain: 
We cannot say the exact time line for fundraise but fundraise will definitely be done in the 
first half of next financial year which is from April to September, so that much we can 
commit and in terms of the possibility to come faster, the fourth furnace is more or less 
identical to the third furnace. In the third furnace we had done lot of changes in design as it 
was a large furnace and different set of equipment have been used or larger diameter things 
have been used from that perspective but fourth furnace will be, or the equipment will be 
exactly duplicated, so there will not be any time consumed on designing the things and all 
and the orders will be just repetitive. So, it should be done faster. On a conservative basis 
we have put the date, but we would like to do it faster than what we commit actually. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Just to close this point, if you are saying that we do the work starting April to September 
then if we are still putting Q2 of FY2023- 2024 as the timeline which means that even if we 
delay our fundraise or our work start to August – September we still feel confident of 
landing it in 12 months from then on to hold on to Q2 of 2023-2024 hypothetically if there 
are no further draw backs along the way? 
P K Kheruka: 
We like to be conservative that is why we are saying in the event that we do start in April 
2022 we should be in production in 18 months, I mean that is what we would like to say 
there is no joy in over promising. So, I think 18 months is good time for any large factory 
and that is a good one. So, we can always try to advance it and that might happen also but, 
that is speculative frankly.  
Dhruv Kashyap: 
But bottom line is at the fundraise and all activities internally should start in April to 
September to be able to target September of next year kind of on stream? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
P K Kheruka: 
The question of fundraise one can also take in debt, one can take term debt and start the SG-
4, so it is not necessary that we go for a fundraiser, we would like to do it. But as I said 
before that this is a subject of careful consideration, and we have good advisors for 
financing, and we take their advice and so on that is why we are not able to put the finger on 
exactly when and in what way we will do this. Frankly speaking at the moment, we do  
have plans to go to public. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
But principally speaking you are working backwards to say that you are still targeting Q2 of 
FY2023-2024 so hence working backward by when do you have to take a decision. Correct, 
I mean principally speaking that would make sense? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes, you are right. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Pradeep Ji, my last question if I can squeeze one and this is the one I love asking you 
always since you are an absolute expert in this sector. Currently solar and renewable has 
still been used largely for power generation, right or electricity layman’s term. To me the 
application is a lot more for example what role can solar or renewables play in the 
electrification of vehicles, locomotives, I do not know what else we can do, there would be 
B2B applications, and there would be B2C application well beyond just electricity. So, has 
the company looked at these and are we seriously evaluating some prototype stage or in 
some shape of form to sort of action beyond just electricity? 
P K Kheruka: 
To answer your question, the thing is this that our specialization is in glass making and we 
are making glass now. What happens here is that we foresee that there would be an 
opportunity to have small panels for portable solar power, if you have a mobile phone 
maybe you just need a small solar panel the size of your laptop or smaller where you could 
put it out in the sun just allow that to charge your phone or maybe your computer and lot of 
mobile power in the sense of perhaps cooking as a small induction heater or something of 
that sort. Now, we are limited to supplying small size glass. The actual panel and the other 
device somebody has to make because we are not in that and therefore, I cannot say how 
people would take it forward. So, if people want glass of smaller sizes, larger sizes we are 
ready to give it to them and they do what they must with it. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
To understand this well if for example there is way to use solar to power automotive or 
there is a way to solar power cooking or solar power locomotive and if the application or 
the apparatus or the module is being developed by someone, we can at least do the 
prototyping of the glass at our end to be ready to supply to any such usage? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
P K Kheruka: 
Correct, we can work on the glass that somebody would need for a special application, in 
fact people come to us from time to time we express our interest and then they back off. But 
the point is that we are ready to work on that any time. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
For you it is not a very long process, I mean you can just quickly prototype it and get into 
production if required? 
P K Kheruka: 
It depends on what the nature of that, I cannot say really what shape, size he wants etc. 
Dhruv Kashyap: 
Sure, thank you so much Pradeep Ji and thanks once again for the excellent stuff that you 
all are doing for both the company. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time we take that as a last 
question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
their closing comments. 
P K Kheruka: 
I would like to thank my team in Borosil for the wonderful work that they do. We are proud 
of our team, and we are proud of the work they do, and we are proud of our investors for 
their faith in us and we are proud of all stakeholders, our customers who repose their faith 
in us. Together we are taking large steps towards making India Aatmanirbhar and we hope 
to continue to serve you better as time moves by. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited we conclude today’s conference. 
Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
