  
  
SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LTD. 
Creating true values that bind global health 
Date: January 25, 2022 
  
To, 
The Corporate Services Department, 
Manager 
- Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543434 
NSE Symbol: SUPRIYA 
  
  
  
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Q3 of FY 2021-22 for the quarter and nine -months 
ended December 31,2021 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings call held on Friday, January 21, 2022 at 4.00 
P.M. IST to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2021 (Q3 of FY 2021-22). 
This intimation is also being made available on the website of the Company at: 
https://supriyalifescience.com/investor-relation/ 
Kindly take the information on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Supriya Lifescience Limited 
4 
Shweta Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A44973 
  
  
Corporate Office 
: 207/208, Udyog Bhavan, Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063. Maharashtra, India. 
Tel: +91 22 40332727 
/ 66942507 
| Fax : +91 22 26860011 
CIN: U51900MH2008PLC180452 
| E-mail: supriya@supriyalifescience 
com 
| Website: www.supriyalifescience.com 
Factory 
: A-5/2, Lote Parshuram Industrial Area, M.I.D.C., Tal.- Khed, Dist.- Ratnagiri, Pin: 415 722, Maharashtra, India. 
Tel: +91 2356 272299 
| Fax : +91 2356 272178 
| E-Mail: factory@supriyalifescience.com 
GOVT. RECOGNISED EXPORT HOUSE

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Supriya Lifescience Limited's Q3 FY'22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. SATISH WAGH – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
DR. SALONI WAGH – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, 
SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MR. SHIREESH B. AMBHALKAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH R NAYAK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
 
 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Supriya Lifescience Limited's Q3 FY'22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Today, on this call, we have Dr. Satish Wagh – Chairman and Managing Director of Supriya 
Lifescience Limited along with senior management team. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. Actual 
results may differ materially. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict 
 I now hand the conference over to Dr. Satish Wagh from Supriya Lifescience. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I hope that you and your families are safe and healthy and taking due 
precautions from COVID. With me, we have our senior management team, Dr. Saloni Wagh -- 
Whole Time Director; Mr. Shireesh Ambhalkar -- CEO; Mr. Ashish Nayak -- CFO and Orient 
Capital and Investor Relations Advisors. I welcome you all to our first earning call after the 
initial public offering. The Company got listed on the National Stock Exchange and the Bombay 
Stock Exchange on 20th of December 2021. 
Before I speak, of the regular Q3 performance, I would like to thank everyone for supporting the 
IPO of the Company. With the support of the trust, the IPO was oversubscribed by 71.5x. We 
have uploaded our ‘Investor Deck’ and ‘Financial Results’ on the stock exchanges and the 
Company website. I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. 
As this is the first call, there are few people with whom we will be interacting for the first time, 
I would therefore like to briefly give a brief description about the Company before we move on 
to the performance of Q3 financial year '22. Supriya Lifescience Limited got incorporated in the 
year 2008 and became one of the key Indian manufacturers and the supplier of APIs. Supriya 
sells 38 API focused on the diverse therapeutic segments, along with being the largest exporter 
of Chlorphenamine Maleate, Salbutamol Sulphate, Ketamine Hydrochloride and Esketamine 
from India. Supriya Lifescience is a pioneer in segments like antihistamine, analgesic, 
anesthetic, vitamin and anti-asthmetic and anti-allergic. 
Our business model is perfect blend of domestic and the global supporting capabilities, with the 
Company having longstanding relations shift backed by the consistent program quality and the 
global footprint and extends to 86 countries. We have state-of-the-art of the modern 
manufacturing facility at Parshuram Lote, spread across 23,806 square meters with a capacity of 
547 KLPD, which is combined with advanced R&D capabilities. We are always focused more 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
on penetration into regulated markets. Hence, the current site is three times USFDA approved 
and European authority approved, as well as the Health Canada.  
Our focus has always been more on export since beginning.77% of the total revenue is generated 
from the exports and about 23% in the domestic. This 77% is also spread across almost 86-
countries today and the different geographies, like Latin America, Southeast Asia, Europe, 
which is one of the strongest regulated markets, North America and other parts of the world. 
We have a longstanding relationship with our clients, some of the large end users that we are 
catering to our LNK which is US-based, Mankind which is one of the largest end users in India, 
and we have customer base of 1,296 +. 
Supriya has a proven track record of operations and delivering strong financial performance 
year-after-year. This can be visible in its revenue and the key profitability ratios in a dynamic 
and constantly changing industry. 
I'm very happy that my second generation, my two daughters, both Dr. Saloni and Shivani Wagh 
have entered into business and continue the legacy which brings instrumental in driving the 
growth of the Company in the future. Now I request Dr. Saloni Wagh to take us through the 
strengths and the future growth of the strategies. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you, Dr. Satish Wagh and we thank for everyone who's present on the earnings call today 
for Supriya Lifescience Limited. I would like to take this opportunity to highlight the five key 
strengths of the Company. The first key strength is the significant scale of operations that we 
have, and the leadership position in our key products. The top three products that we manufacture 
which is Chlorphenamine Maleate, Ketamine, Hydrochloride, and Salbutamol Sulphate, we 
control a large percentage of exports from India. Chlorphenamine Maleate is about 45% to 50%, 
Ketamine is 50% to 65%, and Salbutamol Sulphate is about 30% to 40%. 
The other key strength of the Company is diversified therapeutic categories that we have. 
Currently if you see in the last four to five years, most of the therapies have shown a good 
growth. 
The goal going forward would be to add more and more therapies with the existing basket so 
that we further derisk this portfolio. Some of the new products that we have launched this year 
are now complementing with the existing therapies like decongestant molecules goes in 
combination with anti-seminal, anti-allergy. 
Shireesh Ambhalkar: 
I am just taking it over from Saloni. Talking about the second strength here that we would like 
to highlight of the Company's backward integration in our business model, the top 12 products 
which we produce contribute 67% of our total revenue. We are fully backward integrated 
Company in these products. We do not buy any advanced intermediates from outside and we 
manufacture all these APIs mostly from the basic stage because we are not relying on external 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
parties. We have not faced till so far any supply chain disruptions and our manufacturing 
continues as per our plan. 
On the third aspect, our revenues are diversified with extensive global presence. The vision of 
the Company for the last five years has always been penetrating into more of European, US 
markets, regulated markets. And that would be the vision for the Company going forward as 
well. If you look at the total percentage contribution of regulated markets to the revenue offered 
by the Company in FY'21, it was 38% for the period April to December FY'22. It has gone up 
to 47%. So more and more focus on penetration into regulated markets where we can get a better 
average selling price of our existing products is something that we are focusing on going 
forward. 
The fourth strength that we as a Company have, which has helped us to get the regulatory 
certifications and penetrating globally is our manufacturing capability and the R&D capability. 
Currently, we have a site where we have four manufacturing blocks in operation with seven 
clean rooms for isolation of the final products. Our total reactor capacity is 547 kilolitres or cubic 
meters. If you look at the capacity utilization, it has grown from 52% in FY'18 to 71% in FY'21. 
That is one of the reasons why we have recently added one more production block in the first 
quarter of FY'22. 
The other thing that we would like to highlight here is all the regulatory authorities that have 
already audited and approved this site, such as USFDA, European authorities, Australia, Korean 
authorities, Chinese authorities, and all the authorities where we have registered our products. 
One additional capability that which we have unique to Supriya and the reason why we are 
dominating in the portfolio that we are offering is our capability in handling complex chemical 
reactions. We handle complex chemistries involving processes such as Grignard Reaction, High 
Pressure Reaction. We have completely backward integrated operations in our narcotics 
portfolio. We have molecules which are photosensitive and which require very careful handling 
under controlled conditions. We handle very temperature sensitive molecules, and the scales at 
which we are operating these molecules is something that requires expertise that we have built 
over the last 30-years. 
The current R&D Lab is DSIR approved. We are on the verge of expanding our R&D so that we 
can produce more new products in our facilities going forward with a significant expansion in 
the R&D that is progressing and it should be going live in Q1 of FY'23. 
Fifth strength is our eminent board of directors. We have very strong board of directors; Dr. 
Satish Wagh is our Chairman and Managing Director, Mrs. Smita Wagh who is the Whole Time 
Director of the Company; Dr. Saloni Wagh, Shivani Wagh, who is also a Whole Time Director 
in the Company and Mr. Balasaheb Sawant, who is the Whole Time Director of the Company 
and responsible for all manufacturing operations at the site. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Other than this, we also have a strong and robust independent board of directors who come from 
different sectors like finance, education, chemicals, pharma, and they add a lot of diversity to 
our board and add their experience to our Company. 
The senior management that we have in place is also strong. In the last five to six years, we 
really focused on building a very strong second line, so that the organization can run in a more 
professional way. So we have onboard now a professional CEO, CFO that we recently hired 
Chief Scientific Officer, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, who're all these professionals were 
working with well-known international companies for the last 15 to 20 years, and they bring in 
a lot of experience into our organization. 
About the future strategy of the Company, I would like to touch upon Supriya Lifescience 
growth going forward. Now Saloni will take over from here, please. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Thanks to our CEO for giving us the information about the strength of the Company. Regarding 
the future Company strategies, I would like to touch upon a couple of things that we're doing, 
because the Company has such strong fundamentals because of the derisk business model and 
because of the global presence that we have. We also have a very good top line as well as good 
profits for the last five years, which is why the Company has great potential going forward as 
well. 
Some of the things we are doing in order to help and facilitate the growth that we are in 
envisaging in the next couple of years is the first and foremost expansion of our manufacturing 
capability, enhancing our capacities for infusion of new products into the basket and scaling up 
of the existing molecules by further penetration into newer geographies, then expanding the 
product portfolio where we are definitely increasing our R&D infrastructure so that we can add 
more and more molecules into the portfolio. 
Our focus on lifecycle management for existing molecules for further backward integration and 
derisking the business, then our increase in the current market presence for existing basket that 
we also have penetrated into newer geographies that currently we are not a part of. 
We are also one of those companies who has an excellent track record when it comes to 
regulatory and statutory compliance. That is why we are one of the right partners for CMO and 
CDMO opportunities, because we have proven our potential on a global scale by supplying for 
34-years with consistent quality to all the multinational companies. I think these are the areas 
that we are really likely to explore and that can bring in a good growth for the Company going 
forward.  
The focus of the Company has always been in adding more and more products in newer therapies 
into the basket and the operational excellence that we have maintained across 34 years. 
Now I would also like to hand over to Mr. Ashish Nayak, our CFO, to take you through the 
financials of the Company. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Thank you, Dr. Saloni and thank you, Dr. Shireesh and Dr. Satish ji. I will now share the 
operational performance for the quarter under review, which is the third quarter FY'22. Starting 
with the therapies, this third quarter was a phenomenal quarter for anesthetic therapies, anti-
asthma and vitamins. These three therapies have done exceedingly well. Just to give an idea, 
anesthetics, which was contributing about Rs.21 crores in Q3 FY'21, it has gone up from Rs.21 
crores in Q3 FY'21 to almost Rs.72 crores. That has been a phenomenal growth and jump so  
also the vitamin as well as the anti-seminal therapies have grown very well. And catering to the 
markets again, as far as the region wise is concerned Q3 FY'22, there has been a phenomenal 
growth in Germany and Latin American sales. So, these have been two very big plus points as 
far as Supriya Lifesicence's third quarter is concerned. 
I will come over to the financials of the Company, Q3 FY'22 versus Q3 FY'21. But before getting 
into that, I also want to say one thing as far as the investors and analysts are concerned over here. 
Historically if you look upon it, the therapies that we cater to, typically, our second quarter and 
our fourth quarter are the most promising quarters and historically it has been so and it will 
continue to be so in the next at least next couple of years, till we have more products in the 
pipeline which are able to cater to different markets which enable us to balance out these 
quarterly ups and downs. But having said that, if you compare Q3 FY’21 with Q3 FY’22, Q3 
FY'21, our top line was Rs.85 crores, Q3 FY’22, it went up to Rs.122 crores, that's a growth of 
44%. Gross profit margins have increased from 61% in Q3 FY'21 to 66% in Q3 FY'22. Our 
EBITDA has improved from 35% to 36%, and has gone up from Rs.30 crores in Q3 FY'21 to 
Rs.43 crores in Q3 FY'22. PAT has gone up from 18% to 32%, that is from Rs.16 crores to Rs.39 
crores, Q3 FY'21 to Q3 FY'22. 
Comparing nine months ending FY'22 versus nine months ending FY'21, for nine months ending 
FY'21 we had a top line of Rs.266 crores, our top line for nine months ending FY22 has grown 
up to Rs. 352 crores, that's a growth of 32%. Our gross profit margins have improved from 63% 
to 65%. Our EBITDA has improved in absolute terms from Rs.113 crores Rs.142 crores, 
although as a percentage, it has marginally dipped from 43% to 40%. That's primarily on account 
of the new products that were launched in this financial year, which we are focusing more on 
the semi-regulated markets, so we were expecting a dip in the margins. But going ahead, we 
expect these margins to balance out. As far as the PAT is concerned for nine months again, it 
has gone up from Rs.75 crores for nine months FY'21 to Rs.105 crores for nine months FY'22. 
As a percentage of sales, it has gone from 28% to 30%. So that's where we are. 
As far as the earnings per share is concerned, it has gone up from 10.26 in nine months FY'21 
to 13.12 for nine months FY'22. I'm through the financials. I would now leave the floor open for 
questions and answers if any. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the Rahul Veera 
from Abakkus. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Veera: 
Just a book-keeping question from my end. So what has happened to the tax rate in this quarter? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Ashish R Nayak: 
The tax rate is remaining the same; it's somewhere in the range of 25% to 27%. But what has 
happened is because of deferred taxes of the earlier years that have been set off. 
Rahul Veera: 
And this will continue even in Q4? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Yes, it should.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Mehta from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Can you please tell me what was the revenue of your top three molecules in this particular quarter 
– CPC, Salbutamol and Ketamine? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
The top three products revenue for this quarter will be somewhere in the range of around 35% 
of the total sales 
Mitul Mehta: 
Is it possible for you to give the absolute number for the three products? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
What we will do is we will share the numbers with Orient Cap and you can get the details from 
them. 
Mitul Mehta: 
What was the volume growth for these three products in this particular quarter vis-à-vis Q3 of 
last year? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
There has been a growth as I said both for anesthesia, anti-asthma as well as vitamins, there has 
been a phenomenal growth as far as the volumes are concerned. What we can do is we will share 
the volume details with the Orient Cap team. You can get the necessary details from them. 
Mitul Mehta: 
But is it not possible for you to share the volume growth? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
I would not be in a position at this point of time. I will share that separately with the Orient Cap. 
Mitul Mehta: 
What was the share of the regulated market in this particular quarter? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Q3 was around 44%. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
April to December for the nine months it is 47%, and for this quarter, particularly it is 44%. We 
have seen a very good growth in regulated markets like Latin America and Europe specially for 
the anesthetic product range, which is why even for this quarter we have maintained that 44% 
for regulated market penetration. 
Mitul Mehta: 
And this regulated market share, can you compare it with last year nine months and Q3? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:: 
Well, we don't have the Q3 comparable number, but if you look at the complete last year, we 
had about 38% coming in from the regulated market as opposed to that for the first nine months 
we are at about 47% coming in from regulated markets. So definitely in line with the Company's 
strategy, the regulated market share is increasing year-on-year. 
Mitul Mehta: 
And is it possible for you to disclose the price growth in this particular quarter? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:: 
Well, I don't think that is something that we are in a position to disclose in this particular call. If 
you want any particular details, I think our IR person Orient Capital would be the right people 
to connect to, and then they can resolve those queries for you. 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
Price remains the same. There is no increase in price. Why should we increase the price? 
Mitul Mehta: 
No, no. Because I think as a Company, we are currently not able to disclose the volume number. 
So I just thought was there any sort of a price increase that we witnessed in this quarter in our 
key products, which is why I wanted to understand the bifurcation of the value growth? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
For us, value remain the same. Our philosophy is different. We never try to increase unless and 
until there is a major change. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Can you also talk a little bit more about your CDMO strategy, and where are we at this point of 
time, and by when do you see that part of the business taking off, and what sort of margins are 
there in that business? 
Shireesh Ambhalkar: 
As regards your question regarding the CDMO business, we just started getting into this space. 
We have about four projects that are at various stages. One, I would say is in the early supply 
for registrations. The second one is where we are in the final stages of development. In the third 
project, we are in early lab development. And the fourth one we have to initiate development in 
the lab. So this activity we started just a few months ago. The activity is picking up and CDMO 
business is such that there is typically a slow start. And it takes about two to three years to realize 
some significant, I would say, commercial benefits. So it will start impacting perhaps in about 
two to three years' time, but four active projects, two more significant ones, discussions are 
initiated in a new space I would say which is not in our therapeutic basket at the moment. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Sir, for the full year, do you still believe that we can comfortably close the year at 40% margins, 
and how confident are you on this number over the next 12 to 15 months in terms of margins? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, if you look at our historical numbers for the last couple of years, we have maintained the 
40% EBITDA margins, and we've maintained a revenue growth of about 18% to 20%. And we 
are very confident that with the Q4 of this year and towards the end of this year, we'll be able to 
maintain the margins that historically we have been maintaining. 
Shireesh Ambhalkar: 
And for that matter, I look upon it even for the nine months ending, EBITDA as a percentage of 
total income in any case was maintained at 40%. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Ashish R Nayak: 
I want to clarify one thing over here. See, when you look at other income over there, the one 
question which I get, is people looking upon it as sort of an interest income or dividend income. 
No, in our case, a major part of this other income is actually an operating or the operating income. 
You understand? See, what happens is when we are exporting, there are incentives which are 
given by the government like the product focus incentive which was there earlier, the MEIS that 
we used to get earlier and duty drawbacks. So this is primarily the revenue which is related to 
the business of the Company. So, I would look upon not only operating revenue, but also 
operating revenue plus the other income, which is a part of the business I would consider. So 
that's how I would look upon it.  
Mitul Mehta: 
So let's say your total other income of about 5.4 crores which we have reported, how much of 
that would be duty drawback, export incentive? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Almost 95% of that will be duty drawback and export incentives. 
Mitul Mehta: 
So about Rs.1, 1.5 crores, right? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
More than that, 95%. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Can you please give us an absolute number for that particular other income, how much of that 
is pertaining to export incentive and duty drawbacks? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Roughly in the range of Rs.4.5 crores. 
Mitul Mehta: 
So balance is other income, Rs.2.5 crores is the business income. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Yes. So what I'm saying is almost 95% of the operating revenue, which is like duty drawback or 
product focus incentives which the Company was getting from the government as an incentive 
to export. The balance amount is on account of either some dividend income or some interest 
income. That's it. Nothing else. 
Mitul Mehta: 
So that dividend income and interest income is the other income, so that we cannot include as 
the business…? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Absolutely. 
Mitul Mehta: 
So Rs.2, 2.5 crores is what we should be accounting for, right? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
95%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Angel One. Please go ahead. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Yash Gupta: 
Sir first question is on a region wise contribution. Our European business contribution has 
increased from 22% in Q3 FY'21 to 53% in Q3 FY'22. So what is the reason behind it and how 
we are looking forward for the next couple of years? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Well, the main reason for the increase of sales in the European region is because some 
therapeutic categories like anesthetic, vitamins have shown some good growth in Q3 FY'22. So 
mainly it is driven by that. Like I mentioned before the Company strategy is to penetrate into 
more and more regulated markets. And the European region is a focused region for the Company. 
Even today, other than the top products, there is a group of about 10 to 12 products that we have 
already applied for CPs, and we are expecting to receive the CPs in the next six to nine months. 
So that is one of the main reasons for growth in the European region. 
Yash Gupta: 
Is there any one-off in the European region or is there anything that one-off that we have received 
or one of the order that we have received in this particular quarter? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No, there is nothing one-off. It's an effort of multiple years and the CPs sort of coming in, in the 
last couple of months, wherein the sales for certain products in the European region has 
increased, by getting better penetration and acquiring new customers. So it's not a one off. This 
is a trend that we expect that would continue in the next couple of years as well. 
Yash Gupta: 
What's the capacity utilization by the end of this Q3? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
As on today, if you talk about the reactor capacity, which we measure in kilo litres or cubic 
meters, we are at approximately 550 cubic meters. And one of the major activities that we are 
undertaking or already have started work on is modernization of our infrastructure. What this 
means is some of the old manufacturing blocks we'll be replacing with new ones. So in the near-
term, out of this 550 cubic meters, we'll replace 150 cubic meters with a new block, which will 
have overall 300 cubic meters of reactor capacity, meaning 150 cubic meters incremental. So we 
will go to 700 cubic meters with this first phase from 550 cubic meters. And in the next phase, 
we plan to replace another 150 cubic meters with 600 cubic meters. So in the next three to four 
years, from today's capacity of 550 cubic meters, we will go to approximately 1,100 cubic 
meters, almost doubling in the next three to four years. 
Yash Gupta: 
So what will be the CAPEX requirement for the first phase in FY'23? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
For the first phase, in FY'23, for the one production block that Mr. Ambhalkar just mentioned, 
we are looking at a CAPEX of about Rs.55 crores. This would add about 350KL for the capacity 
to 547KL that we have. 
Yash Gupta: 
And then the recent one that block you have added it was a replacement or the new block that 
you've added? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
The one that we have added recently, which we call our ‘D’ block that has actually gone into 
production in June of this financial year, and it's a new production block. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Susmit Patodia from Motilal Oswal AMC. Please go ahead. 
Susmit Patodia: 
My first question is your estimates fail this time in this quarter, was zero as per your presentation. 
So, if you could help us understand that? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Well, historically also if you look at our sales, Q1 and Q3 are usually lower. Because 
antihistamine, anti-allergic kind of products have a certain seasonality attached to them. So, Q2 
and Q4 are usually the stronger months for this category of products, especially for the regions 
like China where we are supplying usually Q4 is the time when there is a lot of seasonality 
change and there is a surge in the demand for these products during this particular quarter. So, 
whatever minor dip that you see in the Q3 for antihistamine range, will be back on track in Q4, 
we expect the demand to go back to where it was in Q2. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Dr. if I look at your presentation slide #6, anti-histamine sales were  19% in Q3 FY'21 and 0% 
in Q3 FY'22. 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
What has additionally happened also is that because post 15th December, there were a lot of 
lockdowns imposed in certain parts of China, specifically which is our larger market for our key 
antihistamine products. One container that we were supposed to ship in the month of December, 
the delivery has now moved on to January. So that is the only impact if you are comparing it 
with the Q3 of FY'21. 
Susmit Patodia: 
In terms of the sales momentum in Q4 and with the expanded block of three to four years, so is 
it fair to say that the capacity utilization can be maintained, can top line move at the same pace 
as capacity addition? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, historically also the revenue has grown at about 18% to 20%. We expect the revenue to 
grow almost in the similar range to what we have seen historically, and the capacity utilization 
also to remain in the same line. See, because we are in a very large growing phase and with new 
products being infused into the portfolio, with new CMO opportunities coming our way, like 
our CEO mentioned, there would always be a need for additional capacity. So the capacity 
utilization would be more or less what we are seeing today. 
Susmit Patodia: 
Last question was on bookkeeping on tax rate this quarter was almost zero. So, what is the 
sustainable tax rate for the Company; 22% or 25%? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
25%, it would remain that way. But that's primarily on account of the deferred taxes, which has 
been set up against the tax expense. That's the reason why it appears to be lower, but for the full 
year it would be somewhere in the range of around 25%. 
Moderator: 
Next question from line of Kenil Mehta from Omkara. Please go ahead. 
Kenil Mehta: 
So I want to know, if the share of a regulated business market increase, then why our gross profit 
margin is decreasing? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Ashish R Nayak: 
In fact, if you look at my gross profit margins, gross profit margins have improved from 61% to 
66% for Q3 and for the full financial year, if you look upon it, it has improved from 63% to 65%. 
Kenil Mehta: 
No, if I see the nine month margin have decreased from 67% to 63%. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Again, I reiterate. What I think you're doing is you're not considering other income as a part of 
the total income, whereas what I've clarified earlier as well is the other income 90% of that 
component is primarily towards business operating income, which is business other operating 
income, which is towards the duty drawbacks and incentives that we get from the government 
for making the exports. So I consider it as other operating income and not just as other income. 
I consider that when I arrive at that. That's what I said. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Any new product we have commercialized like Allopurinol and Ketamine? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, from the new production block, which is the ‘D’ block like I mentioned, that has gone into 
commercial production in June of this year. We are scaling up Dextromethorphan, 
Hydrobromide, Allopurinol, Esketamine also, and Pentoxifylline is also another product that we 
are scaling up. So these four are the ones that would be coming from the new block. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Have the customers approved the product or still in approval stage? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:’ 
The customers have approved the products, in the sense that the sampling and all we have 
completed because we didn't have the capacity, we were producing them at a very small scale, 
with the new block and the larger capacity, we are just scaling up the product. So the quality 
approvals and all are done. We are now in the phase of registering these products, specifically 
in the US market, in China market, in Japan and in the European market. So the CPs and the US 
DMF we have already applied for. Usually it takes about nine to 12 months to get all these 
approvals. So that's where all the four products are currently. 
Kenil Mehta: 
What was the overall capacity utilization in this quarter, including the block ‘D’? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:: 
Well, if we consider the existing 332KL capacity leaving the block ‘D’ we were at almost 71% 
utilization. I would say with the ‘D’ block we are at about 35% capacity utilization. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of the Siddharth Purohit from Invesco Invest Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Sir, just two clarifications. When I look at the quarterly numbers, I see some sort of variations 
or volatility in terms of revenue and margin. So margins you clarified a bit. But on the top line 
front also like in Q1, like if I extrapolate based on the nine months number that you have given, 
so, there was a sharp jump from Q1 to Q2, and there is a decline in Q2. Same thing happened in 
last year Q3 to Q4. So, is there any seasonality, like it's going to continue or how should we look 
at on a quarter-on-quarter basis, obviously, on a YoY basis, you have done good numbers for 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
nine months, but that volatility, what is the reason behind that? On the employee cost front there 
is a sharp jump in employee cost. So is there any one-off item on that also? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Well, I will take the first part of the question, which is the quarter-on-quarter volatility. Like we 
have mentioned before, if you look at the historical numbers also, Q2 and Q4 are very strong for 
the Company. Yes, there is a little bit of seasonality attached to the products because the key 
product portfolio that we have is antihistamine, anti-allergic kind of products. Basically, they 
are related to seasonal changes. So due to this reason for the key markets, where we are selling 
these products, usually also sales for Q2 and Q4 are stronger. The same kind of trend you would 
be seeing for this financial year, and also for the coming few financial years. Like Ashish has 
already mentioned that if you look at the nine months, we have still maintained the margins that 
we have promised, which is about 40%. And we are very confident that going forward also in 
spite of the quarter-on-quarter volatility, we would be able to maintain those kind of margins. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Having said that, for the full financial year, whatever projections that we have made earlier, 
we're very confident of achieving that with a good Q4 in the pipeline. Having said that, to answer 
your second question with regard to the jump in the employee benefit expenses, yes, there has 
been a jump. Some part of it is one-off, some part of it is recurring. The recurring part is primarily 
what has happened is with the ‘D’ block, which is the fourth manufacturing block having got 
operational, there has been an increase in the manpower. Let us understand as Dr. Saloni said 
that particular plant is currently operating around 35% to 40% capacity utilization. But we are 
almost fully stretched in terms of the manpower recruitment for that particular plant. As that 
plant matures and as it is able to reach higher capacity utilization of this year, the percentage of 
the total, in absolute terms it may not be much of the change, but as a percentage of total, the 
margin could definitely go up. That's point one.  And the second part, in the last quarter there 
has been a significant increase in the recruitment for the senior management positions both at 
the plant as well as at the corporate office. So that's the second reason why it has marginally 
fallen. But as I said, some of these expenses are one-off expenses like bonuses or incentives, 
which were given on achieving targets to the team and those are one-off expenses which are not 
repetitive in nature. Some part of it is one-off, some part of it will be repetitive. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Just could you clarify that Q1 margins that we saw is short. So was there any one off expenses 
also because I don't see major expenses being incurred in that quarter? So it was only because 
of the lower top line that we booked during that quarter. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Q1 and Q3 are typically months in which both the top line and because the margins are not at 
their peak. We did very good both in terms of top line EBITDA as well as PAT in Q2, and we 
expect it to be better in Q4 in fact. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Thakkar from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Sir, as you said, fourth quarter is starkly different from the third quarter and even if I try to do 
some rough backward calculation, I see that last year Q3 of FY' 21 obviously, we did 16 crores, 
but fourth quarter of FY'21 works out to around Rs.48 crores, so almost three times QoQ jump 
in the profits. So, now given that we have done almost around Rs.40 crores in Q3 of FY'22, 
would you say that Q4 does give you that kind of material jump into profits, is the variance so 
large? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Yes, it is so large because… 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:: 
Because what happens is that, like if you look at the Q3, it is mainly driven by anesthetic, 
antiasthmatic and vitamin therapy. In Q4, you will see a strong performance by antihistamine, 
anti-allergic, which is also our key therapeutic areas of operation. So they will also largely 
contribute. So Q4 historically also has been the largest quarter for us, would be the same this 
year and the trend would be even similar going forward. 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Ma'am, you said 35% capacity utilization on a blended basis. So in the next two years, where do 
you foresee this capacity utilization falling in? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
No, 35% is basically the new block, which we have started. The existing capacity that we had, 
which was 332KL, that is almost at 72% utilization, which I would say is optimum utilization 
because it's a multi-product facility, and we have to consider the change over time. So D block, 
the only new block that I mentioned is at around 35%. And as the four products that I mentioned, 
which is Dextromethorphan, Allopurinol, Pentoxifylline Esketamine as they scale up in that 
block, the capacity utilization of that block also would increase, which is why we have already 
initiated the work for the new block, like our CEO mentioned the E block, which would further 
add about 350KL capacity. 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Any specific you would like to share on Dextro given that we are probably one of the few players 
who might have got this product on our size? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
For Dextromethorphan, we are fairly backward integrated for this product. The one key 
advantage that Supriya has and one of the key strategies of taking this product into our portfolio 
was that it goes in combination with our key product, which is Chlorpheniramine Maleate and 
we are the market leaders for that product. So the global presence that we have in the customer 
base, across 1,300 customers that we have currently, the strategy would be to leverage this 
customer base because whoever is currently buying Chlorpheniramine Maleate is also buying in 
combination, Dextromethorphan. And they have already audited Supriya's facility, they have 
approved the quality, they have seen our consistency in quality for last 30 years, so the approval 
is much faster as compared to any other supplier. So that's the basic strategy for taking this 
product in our portfolio. 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Lust one last question for Mr. Ashish. Sir, I think in your opening remarks, you did say 
antihistamine from 21 crores to 72 crores.  Was it for a QoQ comparison, because, as the earlier 
participant said, antihistamine is 0% contribution, so did I miss something? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Yes, what I said was anesthetic, not antihistamine. Anesthetic, there have been a phenomenal 
growth in the third quarter. 
Ashish Thakkar: 
And the reasoning you gave there was some shipment got delayed and that will spill over to 
fourth quarter? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
There is a little bit of deferred sale that would happen in the month of January, because of 
lockdown post 15th December in many ports. A large percentage of our revenue is generated 
from exports, which is almost 77%. What happens is post 15th of December, the entire European 
region, Latin American region, North American region, usually they get shut for holidays. So 
we are unable to ship any kind of material after 15th December. So there is a little bit of deferred 
sales that will happen in January. This is a consistent thing. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
We did a higher sale as far as fourth quarter was concerned. And that will continue in this 
financial year as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of the Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
I'd like to highlight one point that before IPO, we had confidently predicted margin in the range 
of 40-plus percentage, and the 30-plus percentage margin which has come as a dampener for 
many of the investors who sort of said that, before IPO, the projections are rosy and subsequently 
the numbers are. So this is basically a one-off, but over the full year we can be able to draw back 
to 40% margin? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
One correction. What I'm sure you're doing is you're considering other income and not 
considering that as a part of the EBITDA, whereas what I have stated earlier in this discussion 
as well is a major part of that other income is basically other operating revenue which is primarily 
towards incentives, like duty drawback and product focus incentives, which are a part of my 
operating income. But what happens is since it is reflected as other income, I'm sure you're not 
considering that. If you consider that aspect as a part of the total income, my EBITDA as a 
percentage of total revenue comes to around 36% for Q3 FY'22, which has gone up from 35% 
and for the nine months ending FY'22, it is continuing at 40%. Second part is with the improved 
performance in the fourth quarter, for the full year, we are very confident of delivering the results 
that we had promised in the investor presentation. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
So, just to summarize what Ashish has said, we have done a top line for the nine months if you 
look at it top line of 352 crores with 142 crores EBITDA which is still 40% and a PAT of 105 
crores which is still at 30% So, whatever we have promised even during the road shows, the 
performance for nine months if you look at it is consistent with what we have promised and 
would only get better in the Q4. 
Vivek Gautam: 
What about the CAPEX plan especially for the Ambernath unit also you mentioned that some 
one more unit is coming up and single location get reduced and molecule which you are going 
to launch? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:: 
Yes, along with the new block that we are introducing in our current site for which we are 
anticipating 55 crores CAPEX, the Ambernath plant would also come into production in the next 
nine to 12 months. We have already decided a therapeutic category of products for this particular 
site, mainly high value, low volume kind of products coming from anti-anxiety kind of category. 
Also that is already in the pipeline, the R&D work is completed And now we are just waiting to 
install the machineries and everything at Ambernath plant. The civil structure is already ready. 
This would add about 100KL further to the capacity that we currently have. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
The environmental clearance for this particular plant as well as the CETPis already in place. 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
We are just waiting for the environmental clearance changes for the discharge which just got it 
last quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So, a couple of points. On the CDMO side, Shireesh ji mentioned that we already have four 
projects in hand. If you can just help detail out a little bit more, whether we are already booking 
any revenue from CDMO CRAMS in the business today or by when do we start to see some 
revenues accruing? As well as this number of projects for what kind of number of projects do 
you expect we can move towards over the next 15 to 18 months? What kind of contribution 
could CDMO as a business have on the overall business say in three years’ time from today? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
As I said earlier, there are four projects that are at various stages. Regarding your question on 
when the revenue would start coming in, we expect revenues would start in the first quarter of 
next year. And since these projects have some gestation period to reach level of maturity, it takes 
two to three years. So as I said in the first project, we are doing supplies for registration, 
thereafter registration and approval, the first commercial quantities will start, that is one year 
away for the first project which is the most advanced. The second project is for an intermediate 
for a global Company. We are in the advanced stages in the lab and the samples will be submitted 
sometime next month. After they approve, it will take about a year's time to give them the 
material for qualification. That's on the second project. Third project is in a very niche area for 
the international Company. They want advanced starting material for a specialty molecule. The 
first samples are ready in the lab. So this would be a small volume and very high value, but it 
will be kilogram quantities globally. And the fourth project is something that the customer has 
asked us to start work on. We will begin the work on that as we move to the new R&D expanded 
facility, which goes live in June this first quarter of next financial year. 
Tushar Bohra: 
These molecules that we're referring to not the intermediates, but let's say the end product. These 
are pure CDMO projects or the CMO projects, meaning is this…? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
There is one CMO, the others are CDMO. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Just continuing on the same theme, if you can just help us understand what is the criteria for 
picking up conversation at your end, because you've mentioned earlier in the call that you are 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
working with a number of complex chemistries and processes and you have obviously built up 
specialties in terms of manufacturing process, so, what is the criteria for picking up 
conversations, with potential CDMO partners, is it an extension of existing therapeutics only or 
is it specific chemistry skills or reactions…? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
The CDMO space is typically driven by our capabilities. With the capabilities that we have, 
which is corrosive chemistry, high pressure chemistry, if these products fall into that category, 
we take those processes. And typically those that involve some level of backward integration, 
for example, one customer has asked us to do it from a specific route. While we will do it with 
that route, we will go ahead with backward integration of that if the project becomes a success. 
Tushar Bohra: 
On CDMO, it would be fair to assume the number is just a starting point for us and hopefully, 
over the next 15, 18 months, we should see a number of more such developments happening for 
Supriya? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
Yes, for sure, there will be a more development. At the moment, because of restricted travel, we 
are not able to go and talk to potential customers. But hopefully, with the scenario improving in 
the next few months, for example, there is a convention called the DCAT Convention in the US 
in March. If that happens, that gives us an opportunity to showcase our capabilities and talk to 
potential customers. So, obviously, as we interact more with our customers face-to-face basis, 
more of these projects will come in the future, 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Also, just to add to that, Tushar, with the new larger R&D lab going in operation in June, we 
would definitely have built in a very strong infrastructure for taking more and more such 
projects. The new R&D labs would be having about 28 hume hood and 60 scientists would be 
working in this particular lab. So that will enable us to take on more such innovative projects. 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
Even in Ambernath also, we are doing similar, partially will be R&D lab with something about 
eight to 10 fume hood and the next area will be all expensive kilo labs. 
Tushar Bohra: 
In the regulated markets, currently three of our key products, Ketamine, CPM and Salbutamol 
are contributing greater degree of profits because of regulated market presence. If you can help 
us which amongst the pipeline are the new opportunities where we can see a replication of this 
over the next couple of years, which are the specific other products where we think regulated 
market entry is now even intense, where we can see a large contribution to profits going ahead 
from the pipeline? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:: 
There is a group of about eight to 10 products, specifically products like Diphenhydramine or 
Tramadol, Hydrochloride, Dextromethorphan, Allopurinol, Bisoprolol Fumarate, Riboflavin, 
Diphosphate Sodium. So, these products we are already registering as we speak in regulated 
markets like Europe, US, China, Latin America, Japan. So we will definitely be seeing more and 
more contributions coming from these products in the next few years. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Tushar Bohra: 
Ma'am, is it fair to assume then therefore two things would happen, say in the next couple of 
years, our product concentration would reduce significantly from top-10 and top-five products, 
and also that we would have not just these top three but maybe a basket of eight to 10 products, 
where we are looking at a significant regulated market presence? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh:: 
Yes, the goal is to derisk the current portfolio. The top three products itself Ketamine and 
Salbutamol would continue to grow in terms of volumes in regulated market, these eight, nine 
products that I mentioned, they will also be adding significantly. So, it will be a group of about 
10, 12 products, where we will be having that leadership position what we currently have for the 
existing top three products. 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
As you all are aware that many of the companies are moving out from China by 2024 as far as 
US and Europe are concerned. So, some of the customers we are talking that they are moving 
from China, they are discussing with us for the higher volumes and higher amount of business 
also, exclusively to be done for them only. And those volumes and the amounts are really large. 
Tushar Bohra: 
That opportunity is over and above what we are currently guiding for over the next couple of 
years, is that correct sir? 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
Absolutely, right. Here, the technology transfer is also coming from them only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Maheshwari from Reliance General Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
A couple of questions. One thing is that are there any some sort of one-offs in the expenditure 
side because other expenditure has moved up a little bit on a higher side. So, is that got something 
to do with our logistics cost increment because of the increase in the logistics because I think we 
have seen the freight, is the freight one large component of other expenditure? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
The other expenditure has primarily gone up with the addition of the fourth manufacturing block 
in this financial year. So, as a result of that expenses have gone up primarily on account of that. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
So, this would be a recurring number? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Yes, this should be a recurring number. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Similar is the explanation for the employee cost also because of the new block which has got 
added? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Employee cost will be in two parts, there are some one-off expenses in the employee and some 
part is primarily on account of we see the D block getting operational, which is the fourth 
manufacturing block and also, since we have added senior managerial personnel in the team in 
this financial year, so that's another reason, but obviously be benefiting in the long run. 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
As you have mentioned in the call that some consignment which was not shipped, because it is 
reflected in changes in the inventory. So, it is fair to assume that the run rate what we have 
achieved in the second quarter should be similar one could be achieved in Q4 also, right? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
In the initial roadshow presentation, we had given an indication of the targets that we are looking 
at. We are very confident of reaching those targets. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Because I can see this inventory which has been there, some 30-odd crores change in inventory 
versus some Rs.3-odd crores in Q2. So probably that is a reflection of what you have mentioned 
that some export got deferred sort of thing, so that must have now got exported, right? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
It is in the process of getting exported.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Monica Joshi from Hornbill Capital. Please go ahead. 
Monica Joshi: 
I just had a couple of questions. One is if you could quantify that one-off part of your employee 
expenses? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
It would be somewhere in the range of around Rs.2.5-3 crores. That will be primarily on account 
of incentives given to the management team. The rest of it is primarily on account of increase in 
the manufacturing block, that's one, and increase in the senior management team in the 
Company. 
Monica Joshi: 
Now the question is, for anybody who chooses to answer this, I see that you have a capacity 
utilization, which is fairly low on your new block, and there is the own line of assets, which is 
coming up in Ambernath and various other blocks. Now I understand that this is an area where 
you need regulatory approvals both from your clients and from various regulatory bodies. But I 
don't see why you should be growing at 18% to 20% when you have this whole set of products 
coming out, and assuming that you clear all the regulatory hurdles. Is there something that is 
stopping you from upping your growth guidance to say… I'm just putting out a number, please 
correct me if I'm wrong, say 25% or 30%, so what is it that to take you to grow at that number? 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Monica, fair question, but you have to understand that when we say that we are infusing new 
products into the portfolio, we are coming up with all these new blocks. There is a certain time 
period that requires for turning these blocks and starting the commercial production, which we 
have to anticipate. Also, when you're registering a product in regulated markets, again, there is 
a certain timeline depending on which country you are registering. It takes anywhere from 12 to 
24 months. So considering all these factors and the cooling period sort of involved in registering 
the product in regulated markets, or getting all these production block up with the civil work and 
all those areas, then getting the necessary licenses, environmental clearances, and all the 
approvals for the facility, that's the reason why we anticipate 18 to 20% growth. It's all linked to 
that timeline of how the turnaround of these products would happen. 
Monica Joshi: 
You've grown 35% in the first nine months, correct? 

 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Yes. 
Monica Joshi: 
And that is payoff of what you have done in the previous few years. And I suppose you would 
have continued to do that. You've been at it for a very long time. So with your assets coming up, 
will that run rate maybe a slightly lower run rate, will that not continue, Saloni, that is the 
question? 
Ashish R Nayak: 
At the end of it, we always believe that it is better to under-declare and over-achieve. Our target 
is much higher, that's our internal target, but as far as these orals are concerned, that's what we 
stick to. But obviously, internally, we have got much higher targets. I'm not at liberty to disclose 
those targets at this point of time, but please rest assure that we definitely strive for much higher 
targets as compared to what we have declared in this forum. 
Monica Joshi: 
Ashish, just one suggestion that if you have this kind of other operating income and your other 
income, that it is best that you declare it as another operating income, that would help us in 
putting that as a part of your revenue. That's a suggestion I would request you to take it. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
I have already taken note of that. You will immediately see this same from the coming quarter 
onwards. 
Moderator: 
In the interest of time, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Dr. Satish Wagh for closing comments. 
Dr. Satish Wagh: 
To sum up, we believe our ability to adapt, reinvest, and innovation that has kept it at the 
forefront of the industry. This uniquely business philosophy on top of promising economic 
trends, we can get very well positioned to seize the next phase of the growth opportunities. We 
believe that Supriya Lifescience offers a huge growth potential to investors, who would be on 
holding with journey with us. Thank you once again to attend the call and for your patient 
listening and we look forward to taking with you again next quarter. For any further information, 
we request to get in touch with Orient Capital, our investor relations advisors, and they will be 
happy to help you. Jai Hind. 
Dr. Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you, everyone, for giving us the opportunity. 
Ashish R Nayak: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Supriya Lifescience Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
