 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72200DL1992PLC049074 
Regd. Office: A-6, Satsang Vihar Marg, Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi - 110 067, INDIA 
Email: corpmktg@newgensoft.com  URL: https://newgensoft.com  
Tel.: (+91)-11-4077 0100, (+91)-11-2696 3571, 2696 4733, Fax: (+91)-11-2685 6936 
 
 
  Date: 27th January 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
 
Sub.: Outcome Transcript - Earnings Call – Q3 FY’22 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated 13th January 2022 regarding the Earnings Call of the Company, 
which was held on Tuesday, 18th January 2022 at 4:00 P.M. (IST), please find enclosed herewith a copy 
of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts. 
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available at the website of the Company under the URL 
https://newgensoft.com.  
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
Aman Mourya 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: a/a 

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited Q3 FY’22 Financial 
Results Conference Call” 
 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DIWAKAR NIGAM, CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. VIRENDER JEET, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ARUN KUMAR GUPTA, CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH, HEAD - INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Newgen 
Software Technologies Limited Q3 FY ‘22 Financial Results 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh 
from Newgen Software Technologies. Thank you and over to 
you Ms. Chugh. 
 
Deepti Mehra Chugh:  
Good day, everyone. I’m Deepti Mehra Chugh, Investor 
Relations, Newgen Software Technology Limited. And I 
welcome you all to the Q3 FY ‘22 results of the company. 
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year and I hope everyone on 
the call is keeping safe. 
 
Joining with me today on our call is our management, Mr. 
Diwakar Nigam, Chairman and Managing Director in Newgen; 
Mr. Virender Jeet, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Arun 
Kumar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we move on to the discussion, let me highlight that this 
call may contain certain forward-looking statements concerning 
Newgen’s future business prospects and profitability, which are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and the actual 
results could materially vary from the forward-looking 
statements. Past performance may not be indicative of the future 
performance. The company does not undertake to make any 
announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements 
become materially incorrect in future or update any of these 
forward-looking statements made from time-to-time by and on 
behalf of the company. For any further details, you may please 
refer to the investor relations section of our website. 
 
I would now hand over to Mr. Nigam for presentation of the 
results, which will be followed by a Q&A. Thank you. 
 
Diwakar Nigam:  
Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. 
First of all, let me wish all of you a happy and a healthy New 
Year. I hope all of you are keeping safe amidst another COVID 
wave. For Newgen, Q3 has been a quarter on the path of 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
continuous 
progression 
amidst 
the 
ongoing 
uncertain 
environment. 
 
Our revenues were at INR 203 crores with a growth of 9% YoY. 
We witnessed acceleration in business from existing customers 
and healthy operating margins. Our subscription revenue 
continues to be the strongest component witnessing a growth of 
20% YoY. Several of our subscription orders have long 
gestation, leading to deferment of revenues. 
 
As we had mentioned earlier, moving forward we are pushing 
for changes towards subscription-based pricing model only. 
Annuity revenues were INR 112 crores during the quarter, 
witnessing a growth of 11% YoY. SaaS revenue were INR 14.2 
crores. SaaS growth was muted during the quarter due to the 
impact of period adjustment of one of our project, one of our 
clients. 
 
The product license business witnessed a growth of 37% during 
the quarter. In terms of markets, EMEA and APAC continue to 
outshine. During the quarter we witnessed several expansion 
deals with existing customers following our land and expand 
strategy. Unfortunately, travel has not resumed at the same pace 
as we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. 
 
In the U.S., revenues have been stable, revenue last year included 
revenue related to PPP logos, which are not there anymore. 
Overall, we added 17 new logos, some of these logos are still in 
the process of being rebuilt currently. We continue to help our 
existing and new customer in creating digital capabilities across 
the modern-day business needs. 
 
Our key orders from new and existing customers during the 
quarter include cloud order for a captive premium financing arm 
of a leading global automobile manufacturer. Project for a 
diversified financial services company in the U.S. providing a 
full range of commercial banking, consumer banking and wealth 
management solutions. Cloud order for a leading specialty 
finance provider in the U.K., and Ireland for Newgen’s 
automation platform to enhance its premium finance process for 
business insurance customers. Customer mining for additional 
license business from one of the world’s largest investment 
management companies. Order from an existing customer in 
Singapore, which is part of a leading international banking 
company. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
Moving to update on our offering and opportunities. During the 
quarter we launched an upgraded version of our industry 
recognized Low Code process automation platform, iBPS. The 
latest version enhances personalization option of end users and 
provides an upgraded rule engine for improved decision making. 
 
Further that platform offers improved data handling, enhanced 
capabilities with robotics, process automation, deployment, 
containerized deployments, upgraded mobile app capabilities 
and more.  
 
Reinforcing our strong position in the industry we continue to 
receive additional analyst recognition during the quarter. 
 
We are positioned as a Visionary in the 2021 Gartner’s Magic 
Quadrant for Content Services Platform for our ability to execute 
and completeness of vision. We were positioned as a strong 
performer in the Forrester Wave for Digital Process Automation 
Software Q4 2021. These recognitions further validate our 
commitment to drive product innovation to facilitate end-to-end 
digital transformation. 
 
We now have 22 patent grants in place. We were granted a patent 
for invention, entitled, Centralized Control Printing and 
Administration. We were also granted a patent for an invention 
entitled, Integrated Capture and Analysis of Documents. This 
patent protects the invention to automatically capture the best 
quality document imaging using mobile or tablet devices with 
the help of real time collaboration of various parameters. 
 
As further step to tap the growing enterprise IT budgets in the 
space of artificial intelligence and machine learning, we are 
happy to announce that Newgen is acquiring India based 
Number Theory and AI/ML data sciences platform company 
subject to completion of conditions as stated in the accrued share 
purchase agreement. This acquisition is expected to further 
strengthen Newgen’s low code digital transformation platform 
with AI/ML modeling and data analytics capability. We look 
forward to accelerating our journey in Data Science and AI/ML 
domain with this acquisition. 
 
On the operational front, last quarter Newgen’s senior 
management and other teams were back in office. It was good to 
have face-to-face meetings, the team had participated in person 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
events. However, we have again been forced to move to work 
from home for the time being till the situation stabilizes. 
Collective safety and productive working are paramount for us. 
We shall review the situation and make changes as warranted 
from time-to-time. As the situation improves, we would move 
back to the hybrid work model ensuring productivity, cultural 
assimilation and offering flexibility at the same time. We 
continue to remain focused on long-term talent development and 
incentivization. During the quarter, we have also come out with 
an RSU scheme for employees. 
 
On the sales and marketing front, we are continuously working 
on building our focused alliance with GSI. We are driving direct 
sales and marketing activities and campaigns as well as joint 
solution development with our partners. We are working on our 
GSI pipeline. However, as mentioned last time, the contracting 
period of some of these projects are elongated. 
 
On the profitability side despite the escalation, we have delivered 
another quarter of healthy margin. Our EBITDA was INR 58 
crores and profit after tax was up 35% YoY at INR 48 crores. 
EBITDA decreased on account of normalization of cost base 
compared to last year as well as increased remuneration to 
manage attrition. We continue to invest heavily in our global 
expansion, our product and in our people. 
 
During the quarter R&D expenses comprised about 10% of sales 
and sales and marketing expenses comprised 20% as usual. Our 
balance sheet is strengthening with every quarter. Our cash and 
bank balance and investments put together amount to INR 479 
crores and the net cash generated from operating activities was 
at INR 147 crore, for the first nine months of the year. 
 
Our debtor days continued to show improvements. Our net trade 
receivables were INR 184 crores at the end of December, which 
resulted in net DSO of just 90 days on back of sales and 
collection improvement. For the nine month period of this year, 
revenue from operations were INR 548 crores, up 16% YoY. 
Annuity revenues were at INR 331 crores, witnessing a growth 
of 16% YoY. Our subscription revenue witnessed the growth of 
19%. EBITDA was INR 127 crores and profit after tax up 45% 
YoY at INR 107 crores. 
 
Looking forward, the demand environment continues to be 
robust. The GSI engagements are positive, we look forward to 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
the integration of Number Theory with our platform to give our 
customer a match. 
 
With this, I end my commentary on the results and wish you a 
safe and happy year ahead. We now are open to question-and-
answer. Thank you. 
 
Question and Answer 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press 
‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. 
Participants are requested to use handset while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. Participants you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ 
to ask a question. The first question is from the line of Research 
Team of Carnelian Asset Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Research Team: 
            Hello. 
 
Virender Jeet:  
 
Hello. Please go ahead. 
 
Research Team:  
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. I had few questions 
pertaining to the growth aspect. So, while I look at geographical 
breakup of our revenues, while I see the India revenues, so we 
have been in the range of INR 59 crores to INR 60 of crores here 
and there for quite a few quarters now. So, if you could help 
understand that? And also in the U.S., you did mention that there 
was some one-offs, if I understood correctly, which was in FY 
‘21 but again, when I look at USA region as well our revenue 
seems to be quite stagnant for the last few quarters. So, if you 
could help understand how our revenues are moving in line with 
the traction that we have from global system integrators that 
would be pretty helpful. 
 
Virender Jeet:  
Yes, thank you, thank you for that question. So, I think there are 
two parts of your question, one is about the segmentation of 
revenue. As you’ve seen, I think the growth predominantly has 
been driven this quarter from, India and Middle East and you’re 
right on the India trend both the COVID year and in the last six 
quarters, have been quite muted on the site of new logo 
acquisition. There are two reasons for that, one is predominantly 
on the overall economic sector, there has been a slowdown in the 
first six, seven months. The other government which was a 
substantial part of our India business has completely stopped or 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
come to a halt. So, the government and the new logo acquisition 
have been slower last five, six quarters in India. 
On the other hand, I think we have seen a substantial 
improvement of sales in existing accounts in India. Most of our 
large banks, most of large insurance companies are expanding 
their digital initiatives. And that’s why in spite of the dip in the 
new sales part of it, we are able to maintain India revenues and 
grow them slightly incrementally. 
 
On the U.S., if you look at the COVID year for U.S., last year 
was extremely good. In fact, some of the quarters we were 
between 20% to 40% growth. And as we had mentioned that, 
that growth was on account of our supporting the PPP initiative 
in U.S., for a series of banks. Since that was a onetime initiative 
that revenue does not come as a cumulative year-after-year. So, 
whatever subsequent growth is happening in U.S. is 
compensating for that revenue. So, the market is pretty wide out 
there, we continue to win logos. So, that component does not 
reflect in the overall growth of the territory. 
 
On the account of GSIs and other initiatives, see what’s 
happening, the two things one is some part of the U.S. revenue 
is getting compensated for the loss of PPP. But the other bigger 
part is that most of the new logo acquisitions, like even in this 
quarter, we had a substantial number of new logo acquisitions. 
The things we are shifting deliberately from one-time jerky 
perpetual license revenue to subscription licenses or cloud, the 
realization of revenue comes at least two or three quarters later, 
and it comes slightly and are more graded rather than upfront 
jerky revenue. 
 
Looking at all these three factors that’s the reason about, looking 
at flatter revenue, numbers in U.S., and while as in other 
territories still, there is a licensed business being pursued and 
there are still some accounts which are delivering license 
business that’s why we are having growth out there. 
 
On the other hand, Middle East and APAC both have been 
growing for us. And last year/ COVID year, Middle East was 
slow. But this year it has predominantly delivered for all three 
quarters. And APAC has delivered in both the quarters. I hope 
that answers your question. 
 
Research Team: 
Just a few follow up questions. So, on the USA part what was -- 
if you could help understand the amount of the one-time work 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
that we did? What was the amount out there, which was there in 
the last quarter? 
 
Virender Jeet:  
I think for the year it was somewhere between INR 20 crores to 
INR 30 crores. 
 
Research Team: 
Sorry, sir. I missed out. What was the amount? 
 
Virender Jeet:  
So, for the year it was somewhere around INR 20 crores to INR 
30 crores. But Deepti can provide you more details and numbers 
in that. 
 
Deepti Mehra Chugh:  
Few crores for the quarter, I’ll get back to you with the exact 
amount. 
 
Research Team: 
Sure. And as far as India goes, you said that, basically, we’re not 
seeing any traction from the government part of the business. So, 
what is the outlook out there going forward now since things 
have started to resume and economic activity has also kind of 
started to pick up? So, how is the traction on that front? 
 
Virender Jeet:  
See, I don’t think any substantial change has happened over the 
last two, three quarters on the ground itself, though the activities, 
they keep on starting and they keep on stopping. But we don’t 
see lot of government initiatives coming in the typical spaces we 
are operating, even when there are RFPs, we are sitting on those 
RFPs for a very, very long period of time. Unless we are really 
behind this COVID for at least couple of quarters, then only it 
will be more accurate to predict how the India market will 
behave. 
 
But if you leave out government, the other segments are surely 
showing lot of interest both in the new financial services as well 
as our existing accounts. We do see a better momentum building 
over next quarter on that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I request all the participants, please 
restrict to two questions per participants. If time permits, please 
come back in the question queue for a follow up question. The 
next question is from the line of Karan Doshi from Edelweiss 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my question is 
that last quarter, we’ve seen good deal wins and healthy logo 
additions, but some of these deals have slightly longer gestation 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
periods, leading to deferment of revenues. Given that one of our 
key strategies is expansion in mature markets, my question is 
what is sort of the proportion of new deals and new logos from 
let's say, North America, Europe? And can we see a spur in 
business in mature markets over the next one or two quarters 
once this gestation period for new deals end? And can they start 
contributing incrementally in the next three or six months? 
Thank you. 
 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Karan, thank you for your question. You’re absolutely right. 
Logo acquisition has improved over the last quarter as well. And 
you’re right that since most of these logos, they don’t contribute 
to revenue of that quarter or subsequent quarter. But you’re 
absolutely right in two to three quarters you will see that building 
up and adding to the numbers. 
 
On the number of new logos coming from mature market, I don’t 
have the exact number, but we did have wins out there, we had 
wins in U.S., we had wins in Europe, we had wins in Australia 
this quarter, at least four, five. And I think some of them at least 
three were through the GSI channel. So, there’s a momentum 
picking up there. And once the base is established and the run 
rate is established in few quarters, you’ll see that starts reflecting 
it also on the top line and the numbers. Regarding exactly the 
number of logos, we have won in mature markets, Deepti can 
send you the data. 
 
Karan Doshi: 
Okay, okay. I think that’s it for me. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Akshay Satija, from 
Alpha Invesco Research. Please go ahead. 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if you could help us how 
do these contracts with GSI actually work so we understand we 
are mainly into product and GSI provide the services, but what 
could be the quantum of the implementation of these services 
and the other services or when it comes to cloud, what sort -- is 
it revenue distribution? What is the model out there for cloud-
based platforms? 
 
Virender Jeet:  
So, thank you, Akshay. So, Akshay, you are right. So, what 
happens in GSI contracts predominantly, we are looking at 
revenue streams, which are more license/ subscription based, 
they could be cloud or they could be in premise, but it is 
predominantly on the license side we charge. So, the revenue 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
share depends on the contract size. But on the long-term, the 
long-term view of the customer is definitely the accounts are 
very large, the implementational service revenues around these 
clients are multiple times than the license revenue. 
 
But the deals could vary, the deals could be the -- initial deals 
could be from $500,000, to all the way up to $3 million, $4 
million. But the lifetime value for our product is typically 
multiplication of that license value or the upsell we do on the 
license, while on the service side it could be very wide, because 
they could do global rollouts, they could do additional services 
around that product. So, generally it becomes -- it can be 
anywhere 3 times to 10, 20 times than the license value. Does 
that answer your question? 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. So, is it that when -- so earlier we used do all these 
services. So is it that now GSIs would be taking away all these 
services revenue, or there would be some portion that flows to 
us, is there some revenue distribution kind of a thing there? 
 
Virender Jeet: 
So, that’s one way of looking at it. So, you’re right, since we are 
not executing these projects, the GSI does this revenue and we 
don’t do this revenue. But the other way of looking at is that 
these are the accounts generally which we were not being 
pursuing. So, this is in market which is getting opened and 
extended. And through the GSIs implementation, we are able to 
scale it as a channel, so it’s not an order. So, you have to look at 
GSI as a channel by which they can give you multiple orders 
where they are able to service. 
 
And in either way, we as a company sre at a smaller level at $100 
million company we will not be able to service all the global 
customers across all. So GSI or a partner based is a strategy 
which all product companies. So, the -- Yes, so it’s a scale based 
model for us. 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. Sir, if you could also help us so how many SaaS customers 
do we have versus what we did in last year? 
 
Virender Jeet: 
I have -- sorry, I don’t have a number. But overall, we are 
roughly around 45 customers in SaaS right now on cloud, but on 
subscription license, we’ll have many more. Deepti, can send 
you more data on that. 
 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay, okay. Also sir, one last thing, sir, what would be our sales 
team in U.S.? So, I believe we have roughly 300 employees in 
sales and marketing. What would be -- what portion of it would 
be in the U.S.? 
 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Around 60 people, overall in the U.S., I think we have around 60 
people. 
 
Virender Jeet: 
60 people are not all in sales and marketing because some of 
them are also front ending the service element of that. But the 
direct -- we have roughly around 10, 12 people which in direct 
sales and then if you include the enablement and other thing, 
another 20 people around that. So around 20-25 people in the 
sales and sales enablement role. 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay, sir. Okay, got it. Sir, one more thing we have been talking 
about that the key difference between us and the competitors like 
Appian and Pega would be the value proposition that we provide. 
Sir, if you could help us understand is there a cost differentiation 
between them? And us and if it is, so what could be the quantum 
of the difference? 
 
Virender Jeet: 
So Akshay, this is a very long question and a long answer. See 
predominantly, the value proposition is around the complete 
offering, which we have. We have a philosophy/approach of 
being low code – that has been very integral to what our products 
we have developed. And our NewgenONE positioning if you go 
to our website, you can see our ability to provide content 
services, 
business 
process 
management 
and 
customer 
communication as a single platform reduces lot of cost of 
ownership for the customers. And the ability for us to execute 
this project in much compressed time cycle make many projects 
viable. 
 
So broadly, that is the core value prop. And beyond that  -- 
whether it’s 2 times or 5 times it depends on the complexity of 
the deal, and what you’re trying to do in which geography. But 
we do provide a substantial value when it comes to competing. 
And I said that every company becomes expert in certain 
domains and in our core domains, especially in financial 
services, and any content centric business processes. We are very 
difficult to compete with, in fact, we end up winning most of 
those deals. 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. Okay. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
And, Akshay just to add overall on the cloud, I think, 
cumulatively we have about 45 plus logos. 
 
Akshay Satija:  
Okay, on the cloud front. Okay. Sir, one last question, are we 
looking forward to launch any new platforms along with the 
current existing three platforms, customer management or 
anything on that front? 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Broadly, these three platforms are very, very large. And the 
potential of these platforms are not realized fully, we are just 
partially realizing that in certain verticals, in certain areas. As a 
company, we continue to strengthen these platforms and expand, 
but within these platforms there is a huge space to expand, 
getting into more verticals, getting into more solution areas. 
 
And with our investments in analytics, and with the new 
approach of getting Number Theory, which we’ve even talked 
about, we are further strengthening our whole ML and AI 
capabilities in the platform and then expand in further use cases 
for the customer. 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay, got it. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. I request to all the participants please restrict to two 
questions per participant. The next question is from the line of 
Heenal Gada from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Heenal Gada: 
Hi, thank you for giving me this opportunity. So, just in for 
margins, if I see your employee costs as a percentage of revenue, 
they’ve actually dropped sequentially. So, if you could give 
some color on that? And also just for understanding, please 
correct me if I’m wrong, do we give wage hikes during quarter 
three itself or is it some other quarter? 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, Heenal, thank you for the question. So, one part of the 
employee costs will drop as we scale out, because a lot of our 
revenue streams have no direct costs associated with that, 
especially the license, the subscription ATSs. So, it’s a natural 
phenomenon of the business. But having said that, I think there’s 
a huge cost pressure in the whole industry about people and last 
year, this cost was not the realistic cost because the costs were 
less. This year, the costs have slightly rationalized back and we 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
are looking at increasing the cost of manpower. So, the salary 
wage hike, generally the cycle hits us in the July month. So, it 
was part of Q2 as well as will be part of the Q3. 
 
But then that’s not the end of it, I think we’ll be further looking 
at improvement of compensations to manage our attrition and 
manager our people and talent. So, there may be further some 
increase in the cost in this quarter. And that would increase the 
base cost for the next year. 
 
Heenal Gada: 
Okay, okay. And if I see your nine months EBITDA margins, 
they come to almost the lower end of our guided range for 23% 
to 25% that we want to achieve. So, given that we’re already at 
the lower band, and we still expect some of -- I mean, as you said 
employee cost to increase. And once the situation completely 
normalizes we’d expect further cost as office travel resume. So, 
can we say that the 23%, 25% aspiration band that you have 
might take a bit longer, for us to see that? 
 
Virender Jeet: 
No, I don’t think so. I think you know, as you are rightly pointing 
out, we are already in near what we had already anticipated for 
the whole year. But what happens is typically, since our revenue 
is lopsided, the margin expansions happened more in Q3 and Q4. 
So in spite of taking higher costs we should be able to deliver 
further small amount of expansion on the margin for Q4. Next 
year, generally, again, in Q1, Q2 you will not see the numbers as 
at the same level, but on Q3, Q4, again, they will expand. So, I 
don't think we need to revise our guidance on the net margin and 
the EBITDA margin. We should be able to meet around 19%-
20% on Net Margin and roughly around somewhere between 
23.5% to 25% on the EBITDA for the year. 
Heenal Gada:  
So, would this expansion in my understanding, is it just based on 
the fact that we will have better deals going forward? Or is it 
some operational levers that will also improve if you could give 
some colour on that as well? 
Virender Jeet:  
So, the one of the simple fact is generally our Q3 and Q4 are 
larger quarters, compared to other quarters. So, if you look at 
independently the Q3 margin, EBITDA and net margins are at 
28% and 22%. For, Q4 would have similar, even if we takes some 
amount of cost, it will still deliver higher margin. So as the 
overall for the whole year, the margins will be in the range which 
we have projected.  

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Heenal Gada:  
Right. No, no. Like I'll put it in the other way. So, I understand 
that your Q3, Q4 is always strongest in terms of margins but 
going forward, as travel costs and all will come back, are we 
depending solely on the fact that Q3 / Q4 will have better 
revenues which is why the additional costs will be absorbed or 
are there any other operational levers in terms of reduction in 
some other costs that we see might help us?  
Virender Jeet:  
So, 2-3 things, I think, one you are right, I think the cost basis 
will increase and normalize. So, travel cost will normalize, but it 
will never come to that percentage which was before because 
some part of the travel, some part of the operational efficiency 
which has come is going to be retained irrespective whether the 
market opens or not. The second part is what you see in our 
business model, you will see that the higher margin revenues 
which are typically around annuity, which are around 
subscription, keep on growing always at a much higher speed 
than the overall company speed because they have a cumulative 
effect of that. So, year-on-year, irrespective of the growth rates 
in terms of -- if we have the same growth rate we will still keep 
on expanding margins because that's the nature of the business 
unless we deploy more in the sales and marketing and our R&D. 
So, the business on a normal growth rate keeps on expanding 
margins because more than 55% of the revenue does not have any 
direct costs associated with it, and that keeps on compounding. 
So, the way we are projected right now, I think next few years as 
we grow, we will keep on investing more aggressively in sales 
and marketing. And then only we can maintain the margins and 
EBITDA margins and PAT margins around 23-25% and 19-20% 
respectively. I hope that answers it.  
Heenal Gada:  
Yes, thanks a lot.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants you may press the press star and one to 
ask the question. The next question is from the line of Sushil 
Sharma from Edelweiss Wealth Group. Please go ahead.  
Sushil Sharma:  
Good evening, sir. I had just one question around SaaS revenue. 
This quarter SaaS revenue is INR 14 Crores, 7% Y-on-Y growth 
Moderator:  
I am just worry to interrupt. Your voice is coming muffled.  
Sushil Sharma:  
Yes, can you hear me now?  
Moderator:  
Much clear. Thank you.  

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Virender Jeet:  
Yes, much better.  
Sushil Sharma:  
Yes, sir my question is around SaaS revenue. This quarter INR 
14 Crore revenue, 7% Y-on-Y growth, 15% Q-on-Q decline. 
What I understand is that SaaS revenues built, I mean, the new 
SaaS revenue is built on the existing SaaS revenue. So, what I'm 
missing here? Why on a post-pandemic start of – post-pandemic 
4Q FY ’20 first time we are seeing this Q-on-Q decline. So, is 
there something in delaying or we have seen some cancellation 
in this quarter?  
Virender Jeet:  
Yes, I think it was a term readjustment of one of the large 
contracts. So, if you look at nine months, our SaaS has grown at 
around 23%. So, we had to readjust a term by which we have to 
readjust revenues for a particular client which is a larger client. 
See what happens, even at INR 14 Crores - INR 15 Crores if you 
have to do an INR 2 Crores adjustment, it makes a huge impact 
on the quarter, but if you look at the nine month period, we've 
still managed to grow around 24%. And this quarter change 
which will only be adjusted, I don't see that happening from next 
quarter onwards.  
Sushil Sharma:  
Sure, Sir. Thank you. That's very helpful. That's it from my side.  
Virender Jeet:  
Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Jethani 
from BOI AXA Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Nilesh Jethani:  
Hi, sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question was on the 
GSI business. So, I'll break it down into few parts. So, currently 
wanted to understand what portion we do from GSI. Currently, 
when I say, in nine-month period, what we have done? And also, 
when we do ex GSI, my understanding is whenever we enter a 
client, our minimum revenue what we get from them is around 
USD 2 million to USD 4 million. But in case of GSI, what's the 
typical initial revenue we get from those GSI partners? So, I 
wanted to understand the business model on that site first. Thank 
you.  
Virender Jeet:  
Yes. Thank you Nilesh. So, see, GSI itself is new, I think last year 
we started it, and right now, as an overall percentage, though our 
overall partner based revenue (including local partners) is 
roughly around 18-20% and it changes between 23%, 25%, 18% 
depending on what quarter we are, but GSI as a percentage will 
be very, very small right now. On the number of deals which we 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
have won through GSI, I think last year, we had around 8 deals, 
if I'm right, and this year, so far, if I'm not going, we will have 5-
6 deals so far, but Deepti can get you better data on that. Our deal 
sizes with GSI will matter, it could be as low as initially around 
USD 400,000 to USD 500,000 and as high as couple of million 
dollars. But we don't enter into $2 million to $4 million as our 
regular business. Our regular businesses also are even at smaller 
range than this. So broadly, if you look at most of the GSI funnel 
which we have right now, is around 60 cases to 70 cases which 
we are pursuing in the market, which are typically in U.S., 
Europe and Australia. That's what we're focusing. And we do 
expect that over the coming years, this becoming a substantial 
part of the funnel, so, this overall in next 4 years to 5 years 
contributing roughly around 40%- 50% overall of business from 
these large customers. But right now, it's a beginning and we are 
working on it.  
Nilesh Jethani:   
So broadly today, there is not much difference in the initial 
business we get either from our own sales team or either GSI 
business? And it ranges from USD 300,000 to say USD 500,000, 
USD 600,000. 
Virender Jeet:  
Yes, initial deal sizes can vary but that depends on the kind of 
customer [Technical Issue] with GSI, our objective is to go to 
Fortune 2000 customers. So, the potential of getting a USD 1 
million, USD 2 million of annuity from that is very high 
compared to a mid-tier bank or a smaller account in other 
geographies. So, when we enter that account, the entry can be at 
USD 1 million or it can be at a USD 500,000 or USD 400,000 
but the potential of those accounts are much better. So that will 
be realized over two three years after you enter  
Nilesh Jethani:  
Got it. And sir, would there be any difference in the margin 
profile via GSI? And what is the difference number? 
Virender Jeet:  
So the margin profile is based on the revenue stream. So, since 
it's a subscription or a license, these are generally at high gross 
margins, roughly around 80% to 95% gross margin, but it does 
not have to do with the GSI or non-GSI team, since most of the 
revenue from GSI would be coming as licenses or subscription, 
so, it will just add only higher gross margin business to the 
company.  
Nilesh Jethani:  
Got it. Got it. Sir second question was on the segment wide 
revenue. So, we have been off-late focusing on the banking and 
the insurance space, trying to enter into small banks or insurance 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
company or wealth business or lower USC revenue terms. Just 
wanted to understand on a YoY basis, the net compare because 
our business is more comparable on a YoY basis growth doesn't 
seem to excite us. Is there a lot of churn happening of clients at 
lower levels, or what is happening exactly? Just wanted to 
understand that on the banking and insurance space. 
Virender Jeet:  
I think last year we had a flattish year and so there was no growth. 
But I think our banking insurance are the fastest growing 
segments, even for this year for first nine months, the revenue 
growth in banking is more than 26%, whereas government and 
other ones have squeezed. So banking has still continued to give 
us momentum. So, I don't see the reason that there's a concern on 
the segments and they are doing very well for us in fact they're 
doing very well for the whole industry right now. We do expect 
that in coming years, this becoming even stronger, as we are 
getting more strongly positioned in banking both on our solution 
or vertical side as well as horizontally carrying our platforms to 
larger customers, we will see that growth momentum continue 
into that. The challenge probably, I may be speculating, that you 
are thinking about the net logo acquisition. In net logo 
acquisition, a lot of logo churn happens in small partner accounts. 
And that is where I think you don't see net addition of logos. But 
on the revenue side in financial services we have always a very 
healthy revenue addition. If you want, we can send you the 
banking, banking financial services even this year, while the 
company has registered around 16% growth. Banking has grown 
by 26%.  
Nilesh Jethani:  
 
Got it. And so, on this -- am I audible? 
Virender Jeet:  
 
Yes, sure. 
Nilesh Jethani:  
So, on this banking piece only, I remember in the earlier 
discussions we had, there were some opportunity which was laid 
down where there are around 900 banks out there in this revenue 
category of $2 billion to $50 billion of the asset size. So, wanted 
to understand how well are we penetrated, what number of 
clients we have? I remember last time, we discussed we had 
around 30-40 clients in this segment. So, wanted to understand 
how has been the growth on client addition side, or the number 
remains same?  
Virender Jeet:  
The amount of clients we expected to do around was 20 to 25 
clients a year. But so far, we may have done only 4, 5, 6 clients 
in a year, we may add another 4 to 5 in this quarter. So, there is a 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
drop in the overall addition rate in U.S. So, on that segment you're 
addressing which is typically around 900 accounts of asset size, 
$2 billion to $50 billion assets size. So you are penetrating that 
market but overall what is happening, while  there is a huge boom 
in the overall IT industry but the market, which is typically in 
these small banks in U.S don't respond the same. Most of these 
accounts have been either working on the lending/ paycheck 
protection program for last year and this year, they've been 
struggling with COVID. They don't have the same traction and 
same kind of a momentum. But I'm very sure as the market 
stabilize and the market opens I think they will all restore and 
come back to that healthy growth rates.  
Nilesh Jethani:  
Got it, got it, sir. And the last on the clarification I wanted our 
EBITDA margin guidance remains at 23% to 25%. Am I right?  
Virender Jeet:  
Yes. 
Nilesh Jethani:  
And any guidance on growth? 
Virender Jeet:  
See growth, -- this year was to come back close to our historical 
levels around 20%. I think Q1, Q2, we did meet around that 
number and Q3 was slightly larger quarter and also, we had some 
issues in some Geos. So, we're still trying to push back the last 
year, previous year’s growth. And let's hope where we are, right 
now we are around 16%. Let's see where the year closes. Maybe 
difficult to predict right now.  
Nilesh Jethani:  
Okay, got it.  
Deepti Chugh:  
So, I think travel also hasn’t started to the extent that you would 
have otherwise planned.  
Nilesh Jethani:  
Yes, makes sense. Makes sense. Thanks, Sir. Those were my 
questions and thank you so much for patiently replying to each 
one of them. Thank you so much.  
Virender Jeet: 
 Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. I request all the participants please restrict 
to two questions per participant. The next question is from the 
line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital Markets. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Jain:  
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I have a question which is 
related to spin up, we've been hearing this demand traction for 
SaaS based/ low code offering in many companies, especially on 
the Indian IT services side as these are very strong tailwind from 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
the implementation opportunity perspective. And as a result, we 
have already seen the growth rate for this companies have 
significantly increased versus what they've been doing in the 
past. So, with that background, do we see that thing to be visible 
for us, where we can say that our growth for the next couple of 
years can exceed the growth rate that we might have delivered in 
the pre-pandemic period.  
Virender Jeet:  
Rahul, I’m sorry, you're not very clear towards the last part of the 
question, but if it's about the growth, overall growth rates of the 
low code SaaS based companies, then I can take up, is that what 
you're asking?  
Rahul Jain:  
Yes. 
Deepti Chugh:  
Can you repeat the question once please. 
Virender Jeet:  
Could you just repeat the question once because I lost your voice? 
Rahul Jain:  
Yes, is it any better now?  
Virender Jeet:  
Yes, thank you.  
Rahul Jain:  
Yes. So essentially, if I have to rephrase it, basically I'm asking, 
do you see any reason to think that our growth rate can be 
substantially better than what we used to do pre-pandemic as the 
same thing we are observing for the IT services players who are 
basically more on the implementation side of the business and 
leveraging adoption of SaaS/ low code kind of event. While we 
being the product side of it, it is not reflecting that growth now. 
But is there a reason why it can happen in any time future, where 
our growth rate of past could be exceeded in next couple of years? 
Virender Jeet:   
So I think it's a very fair question. And you're right, there's a huge 
traction on the low code play. And low code is not only on SaaS, 
but across all business lines, customers are expecting that to solve 
their digital journeys or to solve their digital problem, low code 
is always deployed as an initiative. And Newgen being one of the 
top four or five companies in the world to play in this low code 
area and it's a market getting stronger. The second phase is -- 
should we expect growth coming out of it, I think, surely, and I 
think one of the most important things which we keep on 
repeating that, for us, since we are a smaller company, and our 
coverages and accounts is limited to our product portfolio for us 
new logo wins, or acquisition of new clients is very, very 
important. And that is not easy to do completely remote, since 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
most of our sales strategy was India based or India supported 
sales strategy. So, we'll have to go and win new logos, and I'm 
very sure, as soon as the momentum in the travel starts back, I 
think the acceleration of our use cases, because of low code or 
because of our own vertical in financial services, and other 
verticals where we are strong, we should be able to push back the 
growth momentum, and it should translate into demand for our 
kind of products. But I think we are more hopeful than the low 
code SaaS, we are more hopeful about the overall GSI initiatives 
and the partner based sales which is picking up and that should 
push us to a higher growth momentum than what we used to 
traditionally record before COVID.  
Rahul Jain:  
Okay, just an extension to the same question and I have a follow 
up. As you said, low travel and I can understand the constraints. 
So, can you say that this advantage or disadvantage does not exist 
for people who are serving the same market, let's say for us U.S 
or European company, being more local is still taking advantage 
of adoption of low code solution, since there is a limited travel 
constraint to them being a local or is it different natures where 
the kind of customer that we are chasing are now -- in a non-
decision mode given that they are working remotely that is a 
bigger concern. And if the concern is point number one, then is 
not since it's almost like two years, we are in pandemic, have you 
identified ways to address this, assuming this situation remain 
like this for let's say, another couple of years. So, do we continue 
to see this as a challenge or we have rectified the ways to solve 
that issue?  
Virender Jeet:  
I think surely companies which are competing very close to the 
mature markets and have a substantial presence do find an 
advantage. And that advantage comes not only from the presence 
or way to operate, but it also comes from their existing customer 
base around those areas. Because in this period, most of the 
growth has come around accounts which people already have and 
those accounts are demanding more work and more resources and 
more software solutions. But if you have to acquire and start a 
new initiative, it's been all challenging whether you're close to 
the market or remotely. Having said that, we have also shifted a 
lot of our sales -- in fact, this year, so far, we have done around 
37 new logo acquisitions. Now, this is almost two years down in 
the pandemic. So, all these accounts have been operated, 
acquired through a very different model than the traditional 
model of face time. So, we're also picking up the game out there, 
but I think there's two points to it. One is the advantages more 
surely they're able to capture the market who are already the 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
customer base, especially, the larger customers in mature 
markets. And second is surely your direct presence, your ability 
to be close to the customer, have a relationship with the customer, 
so the customer trusts you for placing new orders, those things to 
help. So, I think both play a part.  
Rahul Jain:  
Okay, okay. That's helpful and just lastly, if you -- you mentioned 
somewhere that you have a funnel of 60-70 cases in this three 
market U.S, Europe, Australia just wanted to understand because 
is this more like a qualified pipeline versus a total pipeline where 
we could be like L2, L3 kind of a thing, last to last year kind of 
thing. Because if we have mentioned in the past that we work 
with multiple GSI, plus we are in multiple product as well as we 
are in multiple markets. So, if we just have a pipeline of 60-70 
which would mean that per salesperson for the GSI, it could be 
just chasing 4 or 5 customer at max per client. So how serious 
opportunity it is, from the partner perspective?  
Virender Jeet:  
You're absolutely right. So, I think the overall funnel, roughly is 
around 69 cases. And that's a complete funnel, that's all from 
prospect to the advanced stage of engagement and closure. So, 
the funnel is thin, and the predominantly we have been able to 
penetrate or do better work with some GSIs. Almost 50% of the 
funnel is coming from a single GSI and other GSI are starting and 
exploring. So, the funnel, you're right, the funnel size is small 
right now, it is not really do justice to kind of potential the overall 
market has. That's what we have been trying to grow in that area. 
Though we don't have too many front end sales teams for GSIs 
alone, because most of our traditional sales have been on our own 
named verticals that is banking, insurance, government shared 
services. So, the GSI sales teams also in regions are a very, very 
thin teams right now. They are not expanded. So, 70% of our 
team is still working on the businesses which we were doing 
traditionally, which is selling to banking, selling to insurance 
companies, selling to governments across these territories. So, 
right now they have cases, but this funnel needs to grow to a 
substantial side over next one or two years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  Rahul Jain we request you to come back 
in the question queue for a follow up question. The next question 
is from line of Rohit Balakrishnan from ithought PMS 
Management Service. Please go ahead.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Am I audible?  
Virender Jeet: 
Yes Rohit. Please go ahead.  

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, just one or two questions, 
one very basic. So, in your split of revenue pie that you've given, 
there is something which is called support which is 25%. And 
then there is an AMC also which is 23%. So can you just explain 
what is support exactly, or what exactly involved support. 
Virender Jeet:  
So Rohit, what we look at is one we sell our software licenses, 
most of these customers would start, we would charge them and 
what you call a annual technical subscription, or ATS or an 
AMC, which is kind of an insurance to keep the license updated, 
contemporary. So, it's a kind of, annuity generated over the 
license. So, what happens is some of these customers they have 
very large implementations, because this part of revenue does not 
have any direct manpower as stated, it's kind of an insurance, they 
do contract additional support, where they have basically a team 
of maybe 5, some people have a 10 or a 20 people team to 
implement these projects to keep on running and executing these 
projects over a larger period of time. So that kind of an extended 
support. So, the nature of this business is more annuity, since it's 
more renewed, since they're already having these installations. 
But the profile of this revenue is more typically, their margin 
profile is like a supporter or service profile. So, that's why we call 
it support. Does that answer? 
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Yes. That answers the question. 
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Yes, that answers that question. So my second question is, I 
mean, you've been talking about your partnership with GSI and 
that sort of open up more doors for you in the Western markets, 
rightly the US. So just want to understand, and please correct me 
if I'm wrong, maybe my reading is wrong, but in terms of -- I 
mean this from a GSI point to what is what is in, working in there, 
-- I mean what is in it for them to go for somebody like Newgen 
when you have others probably as you were explaining earlier 
that you have other players who work closer to the customer 
itself. That is present in the wester market or in the home market 
as well for them. So, in the overall balance of power or to put it 
differently, why would a GSI want to go a player like Newgen  
versus somebody who's already well established, making it much 
more, slightly more difficult for them to sale us versus or a more 
established player?  
Virender Jeet: 
So, you know, I think this this is a very a typical question - we 
always keep on facing this question and the answer is very 
simple. So, see there is the market for our kind of products and 
solutions. And this is a $20 billion market. So, there is a demand. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
Of course, when GSIs are with customers, they're also competing 
for these values. So, it's not that these orders are available to 
them, the customer has a demand. So GSI is providing a solution 
and he institutes one of the players. Now the two most important 
things for the GSI out there are, one is that customer’s acceptance 
for the product, now this customer acceptance comes from the 
brand. So, with our presence in Gartner and Forester for last 12-
15 years, I think that would surely qualify that. No customer can 
ask, who is Newgen because we are among the top three, four 
players in the world around these areas. Now, the second most 
important thing for the GSI is the probability of succeeding and 
the support he gets. That is where we score, since most of these 
GSI over last 8-10 years, we have extremely successful cases, 
they have been in India, they have been middle-east, APAC and 
they have now taken these initiatives outside India. And with 
some of these successes, it has been kind of, a marquee win for 
the GSI also, they have realized that with Newgen, the potential 
for success, the value they get to the customer and the surety they 
have about delivering solution is very, very high. And that's why 
they are able to take you. That doesn't mean that we don't have to 
fight, we still have to convince the product, we go and sell to the 
end customer, we have to convince both GSIs and the end-
customer about the product. But there's a clear-cut choice, given 
a choice to start certain GSIs in certain areas. They would prefer 
Newgen today. But that doesn't mean they will always put 100% 
times always push up Newgen, but we don't need that, we need 
if most of cases they're able to push we should be able to succeed.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Got it. And Sir, just, are you sharing the names of the GSI that 
you're partnering with or you're not? 
Virender Jeet:  
No, we don't have disclosures about that. But I think we can 
surely, Deepti can work out about details, whatever permissions 
they've got for which deals, we can share those names.  
Rohit Balakrishnan:  
Thank you, Sir. This was very helpful. Thanks so much.  
Virender Jeet:  
Thanks so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last 
question for today. I will now hand the conference to Ms. Deepti 
Mehra Chugh for closing comments.  
Deepti Chugh:  
Thank you so much everyone for joining in the call. For any 
further queries you can connect to me anytime or go through our 
website. Thank you.  

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Newgen Software 
Technologies Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
