 
Cyient Ltd.        4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software                             CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
                            Units Layout, Madhapur                                        www.cyient.com 
                            Hyderabad -500 081                                               Company.secretary@cyient.com 
                            India                                                                           T +91 40 6764 1000  
                                                                                                                F + 91 40 23110352 
 
 
 
7 February 2022 
 
The BSE Limited                                                                    The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd                            
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
 
 
 
          Exchange Plaza,                                                                         
Dalal Street   
 
 
 
 
          Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                                         
Mumbai 400001. 
 
 
 
          Mumbai-400 051.  
Scrip Code: 532175 
 
         Scrip Code: CYIENT 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the earnings conference call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q3 FY22 earnings conference call conducted after the 
Meeting of board of directors held on 20 January 2022. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Cyient Limited 
 
 
Ravi Kumar Nukala 
Dy. Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Cyient Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. KARTHIK NATARAJAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER, CYIENT LIMITED 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Cyient Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu – Managing Director and CEO. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much. Good evening everyone. Welcome to Cyient Limited 
Earnings Call for Q3 FY2022. I am Krishna Bodanapu – Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer of Cyient. Present with me on this call are Mr. 
Ajay Aggarwal – Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Karthik Natarajan – Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's discussions maybe forward-looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in our investor 
update that has been emailed to you and is posted on our corporate website. 
This call will be accompanied with an Earnings Call Presentation; the details 
of the same have been shared with you. 
With that, let me take you through the highlights for the quarter. 
In US dollar terms we posted a revenue of $157.9 million which is a growth of 
11.7% year-on-year and 5.2% quarter-on-quarter. This translates to a 5.9% 
QoQ growth in constant currency terms. In rupee terms we posted a quarterly 
revenue of INR 1,183 crores. This signifies a growth of 13.3% year-on-year 
and 6.5% QoQ. The services revenue stood at $129.1 million which is a growth 
of 11.9% YoY and 3.6% QoQ or 4.4% in constant currency. DLM revenue 
stood at 28.8 million, growth of 10.6% YoY and 12.8% QoQ. 
We posted the highest ever group EBIT in Q3 at INR 1,642 million that is 
164.2 crores. Group EBIT margin stood at 13.9% up 272 bps year-on-year, 
marginally down by 14 bps quarter-on-quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter 
is at 1,596 million, a conversion of 71% on EBITDA and a conversion of 121% 
on PAT. Profit after tax stood at 131.7 crores or 1,317 million which is a 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
growth of 38% year-on-year and 8.5% quarter-on-quarter. Also adjusting for 
one quarter where we had some extraordinary items. If you remove that quarter 
this is also the highest profit that we have delivered after tax ever. 
Coming to some other highlights for the quarter: 
We secured a leadership position in digital engineering in ER&D study 
conducted by Zinnov. I am happy to announce that Cyient has been recognized 
as an established player in ER&D and IoT services. Cyient has been ranked in 
the leadership zone across aerospace, communication, semiconductor, 
industrial and medical devices, all of which are growth verticals and very 
important verticals for us. 
We launched the management consulting practice, which will allow us to 
leverage our engineering domain expertise to solve business critical problems. 
As more and more of our customers are also looking towards us to articulate 
their challenges in terms of the operational and technological challenges and 
we will make sure that we first articulate the solution and then execute the 
solution. The consulting practice that we have focuses primarily on 
organization efficiency, asset optimization, digital transformation, technology 
adoption and so on so forth and not necessarily on the management consulting 
side. It is a very good synergy and we are already seeing good wins because of 
that and a flow through to the services revenue. 
We have been positioned as a major contender in Everest Group's 5G 
Engineering PEAK Matrix Assessment. This is because we have been able to 
combine our domain expertise in network design, and also the latest 
technologies like digital twin, geospatial intelligence etc. and we are able to 
position ourselves very well in the 5G roll out which as you know is a huge 
growth opportunity going forward.  
We also hived off our SDR which is a software defined radio division to ICS, 
Innovation Communication solutions. This company specializes in 
communications products and solutions. We have been developing the SDR in 
reply to a tender from the government of India, Ministry of Defense. It is a 
huge opportunity that runs into thousands of crores over many years, but it also 
will take some time for the opportunity to come to fulfillment. Therefore we 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
believe that it was best that we let a specialist player like ICS in this space who 
also has a core portfolio of products, not just one communication radio but a 
core portfolio of communication products and that positions ICS very well to 
be successful in this space. Cyient will get 15% stake in ICS. We have a longer-
term interest in this, which will also bode very well for us, and we will remain 
their manufacturing partner. Cyient DLM will remain their manufacturing 
partner. We also have a royalty that will come because of the product that we 
have delivered. Also the advantage with this divestment is we no longer have 
an obligation to restrict foreign ownership in Cyient which was previously 
capped at 49% and now we don't need to have a cap because we will not be 
directly bidding on India defence business any more. 
With that I will just say that it has been a very good quarter. I want to thank 
everybody for your trust and your patience. We will give you more details in 
the next 40 minutes or so through the rest of this conversation. Thank you for 
your support this quarter and I will hand it over to Ajay who will take you 
through the detailed financial performance of the company. 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Krishna. Hello everyone. Wish you all a very happy new year. I 
hope you and your families are staying safe. We have a good quarter in front 
of us. I think what we have seen is a very well rounded performance. We have 
always said if you remember in our investor day that our focus as a company 
is on achieving the industry leading earnings growth. I think if you look at year-
on-year numbers of our earnings growth, they are reflective of  the journey that 
we expect for the full year and we are very happy that we are getting for the 
current year and we will continue to work to remain in that particular spot. You 
would see that in terms of the cash generated in the company, I think this 
provides us the ability to growth through the M&A. We have good pipeline. 
We can talk more about it in the Q&A and that also gives us this kind of 38% 
profit growth, also gives us the ability to improve the investor returns to the 
similar extent. The point I was making there is a well-rounded effort in the 
company and as Krishna highlighted focus on profitable growth, getting to the 
industry leading earnings growth focusing on the cash flow. 
Now let me come to the revenue statement as such: 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
I think we had reasonable achievement in terms of constant currency at 5.9% 
growth and in terms of dollar growth it stands at 5.2%. If you look at in terms 
of services we have given constant currency growth of 4.4% at $129.1 million. 
In terms of DLM we have a growth of 12.8% QoQ growth at $28.8 million, 
YoY we are at 10.6%. We expect the traction to continue and we have some 
healthy double-digit growth across services and DLM. DLM definitely has 
been impacted by little bit of supply chain challenges that are happening across 
the world and this is impacting some of the semiconductor related industries. 
We are definitely getting impacted by that. But in terms of the capacity as well 
as the demand, we are very well set year-on-year growth can be 20%-30% each 
year. But this year we may have a marginal growth. But I think DLM is also 
doing very well. The last one on the regional growth, you will see in each of 
the three geographies as of now are growing in double digits. So it is a well-
rounded growth. 
If we come to the profitability statement, I think one of the commitments that 
we had made was that in services we want to stay at 15% to 15.5% kind of a 
margin. We have achieved 15.6% in this quarter and you will see this is despite 
the fact that we had some headwinds from the lower billing days versus the 
pay days. We have additionally provided for some of the investments that are 
there into retaining the people. We continue to do the investments around 
improving the offerings for the customers. But despite that without 
compromising into any of the growth areas we have been able to generate 
15.6% the EBIT margin that is also highest in the recent past and you would 
see that year-on-year there is an expansion of margin which is also very nice. 
DLM we continue to be at single digits, 6% is the margin in DLM. But overall 
based on this we have given 13.9% as the group margin and we definitely are 
confident that these are sustainable levels and in medium terms we can 
definitely continue to improve them. So we are confident for the year we will 
be growing and there will be huge expansion in the EBIT margin as an outlier 
in the industry in line with some of the trends that we are seeing for the 9 
months they will continue for the full year. In terms of the profit after tax, as 
Krishna said, a growth of 38% year-on-year quite sustainable for the full year. 
It is really very nice performance and as I said this really gives us lot of 
opportunity to increase the investor returns as well. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
I would let all of you go through the margin bridge. What I would like to 
highlight is that there were the headwinds of 80 bps in some of the product 
based business especially in our semiconductor area and some of the area, 
which is low margin versus high margin in the field. From lower billing days I 
talked about, about 107 bps. In terms of tailwinds, I think it is very nice that 
we are continuously getting the improvement in operational matrix and I am 
sure Karthik will talk about it but we are hitting very nice utilization number. 
Offshoring improved by about 5% YoY and that is all adding up. I think these 
volumes coming back do help us and there is a good focus on SG&A. So we 
are getting the help of 1% plus in terms of the scale and the SG&A and other 
items. So I would say overall the margin is sustainable and these are some of 
the reasons and we can take more during the question and answer session. 
Apart from profitable growth there continues to be focus on the cash 
generation. In terms of one of the important levers that is DSO, we are tracking 
very nicely. We are also doing well on capex. We would see that when we look 
at the investor update our DSO is one of the lowest that we are tracking and we 
feel that there is a scope for further improvement. On basis of this we have 
generated a cash, currently our cash balance is 14,768 million, close to 1,500 
crores and what cash we have generated is about INR 1,596 million or about 
160 crores which is a conversion at 71%. We still have some improvement 
scope in DLM where we have consumed some cash. As we move forward we 
are also trying to make it definitely cash positive. So I am assured that we will 
continue to be having the good conversion levels of 70% plus for the group 
and the services. With this I will hand over to Karthik to provide the business 
update. 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Thank you, Ajay. Very good morning, good evening everyone and wish you 
all a fantastic new year. I will probably give more details about each of the 
verticals. I am trying to take the last column of the table that is on the topmost 
chart. We have seen a growth of 5.6% year-on-year from transport business led 
by aerospace growing at 14.5% compared to Q3 FY21. I think aerospace is 
slowly coming back. We don’t really call this as a full blown recovery. We are 
seeing green shoots from few of our top accounts and we want it to be a broad 
based for the next 3 or 4 quarters. Rail transportation has shown a degrowth 
and this is led by significant amount of work moving to offshore. There are 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
also some challenges in the industry in terms of consolidation. The 
communication and utilities continued to get a growth of 10% plus YoY and 
we have seen 3.2% growth QoQ. We are also having few large deal wins that 
we will talk about in the next few slides. Portfolio of sectors has grown by 
24.5% YoY and leading to a services growth of 11.9%. Portfolio of services, 
which comprises of 6 segments and 4 of the segments are leading with growth 
in excess of 20% YoY. I think that is definitely a great sign for us to gain 
momentum for the year as well as the year to come. In terms of order intake, 
our services order intake is up by 12.8% and group order intake is up by close 
to 16%. I think this gives us confidence as we start heading into 2022. We have 
closed 7 large deals, we have been talking about it last two quarters. I think we 
are gaining momentum. We are still on course to bring more large deals for the 
next few quarters and incidentally there are 4 deals which are more than $10 
million and the number of deals that we are participating in the large deals have 
tripled in the last 12 months. I think that gives us confidence on accelerated 
growth over the next few years. Our $5 million plus customers has grown from 
24 to 27 and million dollar customers have grown from 76 to 77. I think this is 
also showing that the account mining that it is really starting to happen. 
We are also trying to give a color of the growth that we are seeing. Our pipeline 
is up by 25%-27% as compared to the same time last year. Our order intake is 
up by 16%. Our revenue is up by 12%. Interestingly the top 30 customers have 
grown by 15% year-on-year. I think this is showing the effect of account 
mining. This is also led by new age tech. We started talking about it from last 
quarter and digital software and networks lead this essentially. I think we are 
seeing that this business is growing twice the growth rate of the company and 
this is definitely something that we are excited about. We are continuing to 
make investments and we will talk about some of the new projects that we are 
doing and also the kind of solutions that we are building in the next few slides. 
So if you really look at it 15% growth from top 30 accounts, 12% growth from 
new age tech areas is helping us to grow at 12% year-on-year. 
So this is the slide that I was referring to and if you really look at it, some of 
the key highlights are, the cloud migration of multi-model transport billing 
platform. This is for one of the customers who really want to bring this for 
major city in US. They were really moving for it, this is the revenue for the 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
customers and their customers too. We are a part of building an innovative 
solution that will really have a very high uptime and this is going to be the 
industry benchmark for the customer. As far as the digital is concerned, we 
started working on intelligent and connected products, automation, Edge AI 
and sustainable energy. I think some of these areas are giving us more 
momentum in the form of customer engagements. In medical, we had couple 
of key project wins and patient monitoring systems where we are building the 
test automation, which will switch between the sensor probes and the 
companion modules along with the patient monitors. Also in the form of 
automotive embedded software factory and this is going to be another growth 
engine that we are looking to accelerate for the next 12-18 months. Some of 
the wins in communications on the 5G where there is small cells design and 
deployment I think is coming into play. In aerospace we are trying to bring 
more digital led growth and this is shown with a global command centers that 
we have set up for one of the customers for aftermarket services. 
Moving on to specific industry verticals. In transportation, aerospace continued 
to see a challenge especially for the long distance, but the regional aircraft 
recovery is getting better and we are starting to see some green shoots in the 
aftermarket, embedded and digital areas. In the rail business as I shared earlier, 
we are seeing growth on the aftermarket and digital. There are cost efficiency 
and supply chain optimization initiatives from some of the customers who are 
getting consolidated and there will be some synergy benefits they want to draw 
upon and that is going to have some short term impact. We expect the long-
term growth to be intact and we continue to see momentum in this business as 
well. DLM continued to show sequential growth in Q3 and the challenges 
continue on the order fulfillment due to the materials availability due to longer 
lead time from the suppliers and will continue to be a challenge even in for Q4. 
Moving on to communication side, we are seeing the sequential growth in 
comms. This will continue to expand and we announced two major deals that 
are coming from communication vertical. And some of the areas which is going 
to really grow is led by a rural digital opportunity front, RDOF which is called 
in US and also the fiberization and 5G private wireless. I think this is going to 
create a significant opportunities for us to work upon. Utilities has shown a 
continuous growth for the last 2-3 quarters and we also won a major program 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
for a customer to deploy cloud native next generation spatial information 
system for them. This is another segment, which will continue to grow for the 
quarter to come. In Portfolio of sectors, automotive I think the outlook remains 
very positive and we starting to see significant opportunities around 
electrification and softwarization and these two are the key areas of the growth 
that we are really betting on as far as automotive is concerned. Mining and 
natural resources are continuing to see a growth led by digital as well as some 
of the engineering areas. Medical is another segment which continues to show 
a positive momentum. We are likely to see growth in this vertical for the next 
few more quarters. It is essentially led by software and digital. I think these are 
the two things that are really driving the growth and we also announced a deal 
which allows us to do a quality and regulatory services for a customer. We 
added about three new logos from Medtech and Lifesciences segments. We are 
continue to be bullish on the medical technology areas. 
Semiconductor has witnessed a positive growth and we are also seeing 
momentum from some of the large customers that we have been able to make 
an entry into. While we continue to be bullish on the demand, the supply needs 
to be managed as far as making the fulfillment happen in this domain. In 
Energy, industrial and plant Engineering and we are continuing to see a growth 
as we have seen in the first half of this year and we will start seeing some of 
these areas to get into growth trajectory in the next year to come. Geospatial 
has had some challenges, as there were some issues that we had in terms of 
customer mix. I think this is likely to start getting into growth trajectory in the 
next two quarters. We are starting to see lot of opportunities within our existing 
engagements like mining, communication and utilities and we continue to see 
that with automation and artificial intelligence combined with spatial systems 
we will see a growth for the year to come. 
With that back to you, Krishna. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So, taking all that into account, the outlook for the rest of the year is essentially 
that we will grow in double digits in the services business, at least in dollar 
terms and constant currency should also be more or less there. We are now 
seeing some significant impact in the DLM business due to supply side 
challenges, We will be able to mitigate some of the good, the profitable revenue 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
against it. While there is some revenue challenge with the DLM business into 
Q4 where we might not deliver the 15% to 20% numbers that we thought we 
would earlier in the year but from a profit perspective we don't see any change 
because we have prioritized the higher margin businesses and we have 
prioritized delivery on the higher margin businesses. So if anything the slightly 
lower revenue number on DLM will lead to a better EBIT margin and the same 
EBIT number irrespective of the DLM revenue. So overall I think we are in 
good shape and we seem to be doing quite well against the target. From an 
EBIT perspective the full year EBIT will improve by 350 bps, obviously this 
will lead to being among the best EBIT performance in the sector. So we are 
quite proud of that. And lastly we will maintain our FY22 effective tax rate 
around 25% or slightly lower but around that number. So with that I will hand 
it back for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
First question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock Broking.  
Vikas Ahuja: 
My first question was on the DLM guidance, which was about 15%-20%, and 
now it seems like it is more like 12%-13%. We have been seeing some positive 
momentum on the services side. Do we think that overall, when we look at the 
consolidated revenue, the miss on DLM would be somehow offset by the 
positive momentum in services. And secondly the miss we are expecting in Q4 
because of the global chip shortage, do you think it will go into Q1 of FY23 as 
well or this is more of a one quarter phenomenon? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So to answer your question on the first part, absolutely I think the services 
businesses is very strong and we continue to see the momentum in it. I think 
there we are very confident on what is happening and based on the order intake 
which is up by 15% year-on-year. I mean quarter-on-quarter it was up much 
higher but Q2 is a bit of an aberration. So even, like for like the order intake is 
very good and therefore the momentum that is there in the business is quite 
strong from the services business perspective. On the DLM business also, again 
I want to say that there is a significant shortage and I am sure you heard all 
about the semiconductor shortage and the chip shortage and that is something 
that is also impacting us. We believe that it will continue at least for another 
12-15 months and therefore this uncertainty will remain in the DLM business. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
But again I want to say our team has done a fantastic job on prioritizing where 
the margin is and where the money is and therefore what are the customers that 
we need to prioritize. While there is a bit of a change on the revenue outlook 
for DLM, from a profit perspective for the group, we don't have much of a 
change in outlook because we are able to mitigate it by making sure that we 
are still delivering on the right kind of contracts. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Also on headcount growth which is largely flat and it has been on the lower 
side in past quarters as well. Is it because we were not anticipating such a high 
attrition or is it some hiring challenges or maybe we may think growth maybe 
lower, next year as well? On the growth outlook, I know for formal FY23 
guidance we may have to wait for Q4, but any qualitative commentary you 
would like to give? We have underperformed peers on revenue growth this 
year and our growth in FY22 has been inline or maybe tad lower than pre-
COVID averages. We do appreciate that the growth in Q2 and Q3 has picked 
up significantly, but how should we look at the growth in coming years versus 
peers or maybe industry, any qualitative commentary would be really helpful. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
On the net headcount addition I will say couple of things. One is I think attrition 
has been a little bit higher and that showed up on the headcount growth being 
a little bit lower. But also I will say we had some operational challenges in the 
past that we are addressing. If you look at utilization, our utilization was 
definitely much lower than where it should be and now of course utilization is 
quite high. And if anything I think we have pushed utilization as high as we 
can. So one is, I wouldn’t read too much into the future because I think we for 
the first half of the year, first 3 quarters, we really needed to use that capacity 
that we had efficiently and we had to push the utilization numbers, etc., 
otherwise we wouldn’t have shown the margin increases that we have shown. 
The second thing is, having said that we also have some good ways of building 
that capacity which doesn't show up as headcount increase which includes 
working with partners, working with subcontractors in some cases and so on 
and so forth. So the overall capacity that we have that is available to us actually 
has increased more than what the headcount shows. The last thing, having said 
all that in Q4 we are ramping up quite a bit in terms of the headcount addition. 
I think a lot of operational things that we could have done and we should have 
done, we have done. That is utilization, effective use of subcontracting in India 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
and so on and so forth. Again this is not subcontracted revenue where it is a 
flow through. This is really the work responsibility is with us and for parts of 
the projects we use external resources to execute. So this is good 
subcontracting in that sense. But we have used all the operational tools at our 
disposal such as this and now we are ramping up quite significantly on the 
headcount. The net headcount addition in Q4 will be in line with the first 3 
quarters of the year or will be equal to the first 3 quarters of the year. So we 
needed to stabilize operations and also make them efficient before we went out 
and added too many people which is where we are at the moment. 
Karthik Natarajan: 
On the demand side, because what will say that is, I think demand is definitely 
getting more robust and clear as we start moving into the next financial year. I 
would really say is what are the demand drivers? The customers want to get 
products faster, they want to add more technology digitally into the products 
and how we are going to deliver the products to the customers including the 
customer experience. Hyper connectivity, is going to be another major pull that 
is likely to happen whether it is satellites, whether it is rural connectivity, 
whether it is about 5G leading to densification of urban cities or private 
wireless. I think there are multitude of connectivity technologies that are going 
to be at play and we are definitely bullish on how the connectivity would drive 
significant amount of growth. And the sustainability part, whether it is 
electrification, smart grid, renewables, I think that is another segment that is 
likely to see a significant growth. The supply chain resiliency, I think many 
customers want to have some form of redundancy, some form of, if they have 
some silicon can they really manufacture out of two fabs rather than one. I 
think these are likely to create some newer opportunities for us and so the 
demand is definitely robust and we do see structural change in the form of 
demand for the next 3 to 5 years where the growth of industry could be in the 
range of mid-teens. I think we are really gearing ourselves to get to that. And 
some of the indications of pipeline growth, order intake and then the revenue 
growth are giving us confidence that we really want to get ourselves to be along 
with the industry or ahead of the industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Sulabh Govila: 
I had a couple of questions. First one is that, with respect to the divergence in 
growth with respect to the top 5 clients as well as the company average, so the 
divergence what you say is driven by the top client in rail transportation or if 
you could provide some color as to what led to that softness in top 5? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
I would say I think it is a mix of both. So I think what we are seeing is definitely 
a combination of that. We have seen our top five clients as compared to that 
the rest of the 15 and next 10 have really shown significant growth and that is 
where we have seen the top 30 accounts grown at 15%. And in some form it 
helps us to derisk the client concentration that we had earlier and which doesn't 
mean that we won't really grow the top 5 accounts. I think we do see that there 
would be some form of consolidation that has happened which is likely to get 
us back to the growth path in the next 2 to 3 quarters as I mentioned earlier. 
Sulabh Govila: 
That is helpful. And the second one is that, with respect to the order intake that 
if you put it, if you could provide some directional sense as to how much of 
this is executable over the next 12 months and any directional color as to how 
that would have moved over the past couple of quarters? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Like what Krishna has talked about earlier, I think we have seen 16% growth 
in terms of order intake. If you take even YTD which is year to date for first 
nine months of the year, we have seen a similar trend of 16.5% or so. So we 
are continuing to see that the order intake is growing which is a sign of how 
things would happen. I think it is a function of ability of fulfill, customers 
wanting to make this done in the next 12 months and I would say about 80%-
90% of this business will get executed in the 12 months. Some may get carried 
forward beyond that. But what we are reporting is essentially how much of it 
would get converted, I would say about 85% to 90%. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Then on the guidance bit. Again, on the service guidance bit. The change from 
the CC revenue growth double digit to the USD growth. So this change in 
guidance, what sort of is leading to this negative surprise on the guidance on 
the revenue front? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
First of all, the difference between the CC and dollar will be very marginal, it 
is not very significant. Now in terms of just looking at where things stand and 
looking at what can be executable for the rest of the quarter, that is where the 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
change is. Again like I said the difference between USD and CC will be very 
marginal. 
Sulabh Govila: 
One last bit from me is, given that the attrition rates are holding on, would you 
say that the wage hikes or the intervention that we would need to do in CY22 
would be higher than usual that we do in a year. And if that is the case then 
what would be the margin levers, given that offshoring is already higher than 
50% and utilization is at peak levels? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think that is a realistic assumption, I think. The interventions will be higher 
and salary corrections will be higher. I think there are other levers that now our 
customers are very receptive to. I think automation is one big lever, I think 
there are a number of things that our customers are now allowing us to do, in 
terms of automation because even to run some of these scripts, run some of 
bots, etc., having access to data used to be a challenge previously. Now because 
of the imperatives of automation, we are seeing that access and therefore our 
ability to do automation more. The second thing is price increases, were 
starting that to see the customers are being quite realistic and receptive. 
Because they are facing the same challenges that we are facing and therefore 
that is the second opportunity. I will say the third opportunity, which also in 
our case is quite significant, is, as we started ramping up our capabilities and 
competencies in digital, we had to do a lot of external hiring this year. Over 
the last year through a program called Bridge we have also done a lot of 
training internally and some of these resources are now becoming ready. And 
similarly because we are built externally and the lateral hires were really for 
the higher order capability, now that we have built a higher order capability we 
will be able to hire a lot more of the more junior resources for these skills. So 
we can also correct the pyramid in some of our growth areas which we couldn’t 
do last year because we were really in a sort of a mad dash to build that 
capability which honestly we may be a little bit behind the curve. As we are 
now on par with in terms of capability, we can become a lot more rational in 
terms of how the pyramid works. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
Sandeep Shah: 
Karthik, just wanted to understand what is happening in railways and also in 
the aerospace. If it does not recover in the next couple of quarters to the full 
pace as a whole, does that make you worry as FY23 growth could not be as big 
as the services revenue growth which we have achieved in FY22 because the 
aspiration is to grow at a mid-teen as a whole. Does that worry you or you 
believe there are enough tailwinds in the rest of the other segments, which 
make us comfortable that we can easily surpass what we have done in FY22 in 
FY23 as a whole? 
Karthik Natarajan: 
Sandeep, I would say, I think what we are starting to see is, if you take 
aerospace, I think the regional aviation has definitely recovered to 90% of pre 
COVID level. And if you really start looking at it the intercontinental and long 
haul flights are still about 50%-60%. I think that probably would take another 
12-18 months. We hope that pandemic is moving towards the endemic in the 
next 6 months that will lead to opening up of the airspace. This should probably 
be sometime around late 2022 or early 2023. So that is the kind of assumption 
that we already have in our planning. We talked about this earlier, we don’t 
expect the recovery of aviation to come back in a hurry and we are starting to 
see some green shoots. We are seeing that the digital adoption in aerospace is 
definitely high and the aftermarket side of the business is definitely getting into 
a growth trajectory. We are tapping into some of these areas of growth that we 
are seeing. One of the deals that we announced as part of the large deal is for 
helping the customers with aftermarket repair development through digital 
solutions with augmented and virtual reality. How do you think we can start 
predicting the failures and how do we help them with the repair solution. So 
some of them are definitely interesting for customers to look at with digital and 
that is something we are likely to see as potential opportunities for us to tap 
into. On the rail, we do have about probably top 6 out of 7 customers as part of 
our client base. So we do see that is likely to come back to growth trajectory 
maybe in the next couple of quarters. So whatever we talked about is taken it 
into our planning. 
Sandeep Shah: 
The new gen tech which is growing double the pace of the company's revenue. 
Any approximation in terms of what is the revenue contribution today and what 
was it one year back? 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Karthik Natarajan: 
 It is about 25%-27% currently, Sandeep and that used to be about 18%-19% 
earlier. That is the growth that we are starting to see for the last 12 months. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just a book keeping question to Ajay. Depreciation and amortization cost 
has come down. So should we build this going forward in terms of percentage 
to revenue or you believe there is some amount of aberration as a whole? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
We can build it going forward. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just Ajay, wanted to understand, I think ESOP related cost may start 
coming to P&L starting from 4Q of this financial year plus attrition at 29%-
30%. So your guidance indicates a marginal dip in the fourth quarter EBIT 
margin. So do you believe the margin could continue to remain in a narrow 
band in the fourth quarter and that may give you an exit rate to even remain 
confident for FY23 the whole? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
When we are giving the ESOPs we do have to accrue quarterly in terms of the 
amortization of those ESOPs. We have started with very small amount in this 
particular quarter and it started around 27th of December. For the next quarter 
when we are talking of 350 basis point improvement year-on-year, we have 
already taken that in our forecasting. When we are saying that we will be able 
to sustain the margin, we are confident that there are some headwinds but there 
are some tailwinds. For example we did have some one-time things in terms of 
the western holiday related extra pay days and things like that. So what we are 
saying is, after taking into account, these items, we are looking at Q4 as stable 
margins and 350 basis points is more like a round off, so to that extent you are 
right, there could be 10-20 basis points here and there for Q4 and for the year. 
We will be able to sustain it. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just last thing, on the DLM, are we saying the growth could go to mid-single 
digit to high single digit or it is a double digit and similar to revenue growth 
for the full year of FY22? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
For this full year of FY22, I think we are looking at I would say low single 
digit kind of a growth based on some of the challenges specifically that we 
have in Q4. But I think in medium term we are saying that both from capacity 
and demand perspective subject to some of the things stabilizing on 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
semiconductor we should be able to get to 15-20% kind of a growth in medium 
and long term. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And Krishna's comment about EBIT being largely there for the whole year 
with no change in target. Are we talking on EBIT margin or are we talking on 
absolute EBIT as a whole, because EBIT margin continues to remain at a mid-
single digit to 6% as a whole versus our earlier target of reaching to a double 
digit kind of an EBIT? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I mean absolute EBIT, which means that EBIT margin should actually go up 
with some of the revenue going down, because the revenue that we have 
deprioritized is actually low margin revenue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal.  
Mukul Garg: 
Krishna, just wanted to follow up on this DLM issue which is there for the next 
few quarters. You said for the full year FY22 the DLM growth rate will be in 
low single digit. That implies that we are going to lose quite a bit of business 
in Q4. So where exactly is this challenge coming in and what we can kind of 
do to contravene that over next few quarters? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
See, like I said we have to prioritize the product that we are going to shift, 
because the biggest challenge that we have is the availability of the chips and 
that has not changed and is only getting worse in many cases. So my point there 
is that, we have a business. If you look at the spread of business that contributes 
to DLM, there is business which is quite good margin, I mean the business 
where we make more than 10-15% EBIT kind of business and there is a 
business where we basically break-even maybe make a little bit of EBIT but 
we still do it because of capacity absorption, legacy contracts and so on. So 
what we are doing now is, we are making sure that whatever chip availability 
that we are getting and we are sourcing really goes towards the businesses that 
can do 8-10% kind of EBIT at least at a minimum. Obviously that is not ideal 
and I think that also leads to the question of longer term fit and sustainability 
of DLM in Cyient. We are also looking through that to make sure that there is 
a logical reason in what would the logic look like going forward in terms of 
how Cyient and DLM would fit together. But leaving that aside for now, what 
I would say is the chip problem won't get solved in a hurry. It is going to be, 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
all estimates are that it will be another 12-18 months and therefore we will have 
to wait for another 12-18 months for some of that stability. But two things will 
happen, one is whatever we have planned in terms of the absolute EBIT we 
have a clean line of sight. I mean, while revenue growth will be, I would say 
more in the mid-single digits range but having said that whatever the original 
EBIT growth was in DLM from an absolute perspective that will actually still 
hold, so therefore the EBIT margin growth will be a little bit more in Q4 and 
therefore for the year which is the good news. Now some of the demand or all 
the demand is actually getting pushed out. So we will see this demand in FY23 
and going forward. But taking into account the hypothesis around how we are 
managing our business, we also want to drop some of the lower margin 
business using this opportunity, because that is really not a right business in 
the longer term. So net-net there will be a little bit of a revenue challenge, but 
like I said the revenue will get made up through the next few quarters as chip 
availability gets eased, but it will be more than a few quarters because like I 
said it is another 12-18 months. But having said that what was supposed to get 
delivered in Q4 still have to get delivered in Q4 which is that we won't be able 
to deliver it. And therefore in Q1,Q2 we will see better growth because some 
of the components have 25-30-40  weeks, even the worst that I heard is we are 
ordering some components now with a two year lead time, which means that 
as the components come we will still be able to deliver. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sorry, just to dig a bit deeper into it. If you look at the Q4 implied number and 
the run rate that would imply that, taking into consideration that the supply 
scenario will remain challenging for at least next one year. How confident you 
are that you will still be able to grow in FY23 assuming that the same kind of 
decision making in terms of priority towards higher margin DLM business will 
continue in rest of FY23. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
See, we will still be able to grow because the supply that we have sourced now 
is starting to come in. If you look at it the problems really started about 6-8 
months ago. So a lot of the supplies that we now are supposed to get especially 
in Q3 and Q4 have been disrupted. So the supply will be there. At least for 
delivering a 15% to 20% growth like Ajay said next year. We are confident 
because the demand is absolutely there and the demand is booked and it is 
sealed. It is really about the supply and given that we have 15 months from 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
now till the end of next year, we are quite confident that 15% to 20% growth 
is there for sure. And at the same time, again like I said previously, the growth 
would have been much higher if we didn’t choose the right kind of business 
and deprioritize lower margin business. So as we add newer, better business 
and there is some good pipeline, which will convert this quarter. As we add 
those businesses, we will deprioritize. Again, I want to assure you that from an 
EBIT perspective we do not have a problem in DLM, from an absolute number 
that we were planning to deliver for the year. We will still deliver it and we 
will show at least a 20%-25% growth in EBIT for next year because not only 
that 15% to 20% revenue growth is there, margins will continue to get better 
because of the quality of revenue. 
Mukul Garg: 
And the second question was on the supply side of the services portion of 
business. We continue to manage our profitability quite well there. Given the 
constraints, which are there on the supply, is it likely that you have to take 
some near term interventions in either Q4 or like you know higher than 
expected historical hikes the next year, which can materially impact your 
profitability? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think both sides of that equation as I explained earlier. In some areas the hikes 
will be higher than what they were historically. But also I think there are some 
good opportunities for us like I said pricing is one lever, pyramid correction is 
another lever, automation is the third lever and all of them are also starting to 
play out. So while we will have headwinds in terms of, you know, hikes will 
be a little bit higher than what they are usually. But I think the opportunity to 
correct those with the tailwinds is also quite significant and therefore I don't 
see margins under pressure going into FY23. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred 
Capital.  
Abhishek Shindadkar: My question is for Krishna. Krishna, I appreciate your support and patience 
that you highlighted for the DLM business. My question is, it would have been 
prudent for us to kind of lower the DLM number in the previous quarter rather 
than doing it this quarter. I mean anything changed substantially in this quarter 
for you to kind of move from 15 to low single digits and wouldn't it be a little 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
prudent to kind of do it in the previous quarter to improve the predictability of 
the business? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
No Abhishek, I think the reality of that business is what it is, right? We had a 
line of sight, we had supplies coming in and in the last minute the supply got 
held. That is just the reality that we are facing in that business. So in that 
context I don’t think we could have set the expectations any differently and 
also if you look at the most important matrix which is on the profitability side 
of the P&L, we are still doing what we can to maintain that guidance and we 
have been very prudent and smart about how we manage it. So in that context 
I don't think it would have been any more prudent to have taken just the lowest 
because we can always set expectations very low but I don’t think that is our 
intent. Our intent is to be realistic. I am looking at what was happening at 3 
months ago this quarter and that is how we set the expectations. Of course the 
supply side of the chips has changed quite dramatically. At the same time I 
want to reiterate that I think we are doing what we can in that business to 
remain competitive. Also make sure that the most important part of that 
equation which is cash flow and EBIT we are still keeping to what we said we 
would do. So I think this is the best we could have done and we will be prudent 
and we have always been prudent, but I think we also have to realistic. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus 
Securities.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Sorry to dig slightly deeper on railways. Karthik, I wanted to understand as we 
work with most of the OEMs, so what is happening with client where 
consolidation is happening because we work with both side of the M&A as a 
whole. So you also said that there is an offshoring which is happening. Is it the 
volumes from both the clients are coming down or is it more offshoring which 
is leading to a predictability issue even for the next couple of quarters for the 
railways as a whole. How do you see this sector panning out in FY23. It will 
take almost second half in terms of recovery or it can start recovering on a Q-
on-Q basis starting from 2Q itself or 1Q itself? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So Sandeep, I think this was led by probably very significant amount of work 
being done at onsite that is structurally moving towards offshore. So obviously 
it is good for us in terms of margins. So we continue to see that expanding. It 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
is not about the volume. I think we are still doing the same volume or slightly 
ahead of the volume that we have done earlier, but the sheer nature of onsite to 
offshore changes by 3 to 1. So I think that is where we were really seeing the 
impact. But moving forward I think we would continue to see in terms of onsite 
to offshore change, I think that is definitely good for our margin. But probably 
the second half of next year we will start seeing the growth coming back in 
terms of revenue because when we really start shifting the work from onsite to 
offshore there is going to be an impact on the revenue and that would probably 
start setting up for a better year next year. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just on the M&A, as we have said in the presentation, lot of M&As in the 
pipeline. So just wanted to understand one message, which is coming from auto 
companies as connected vehicles, electrical vehicles are driving growth for 
many of the players from India as a whole. So any of such kind of an aberration 
because we are a late entrant in high growth area like auto? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think the intent of the question is clear and I will answer that. That is the 
intent Sandeep, I think we want to focus on areas that can provide us 
disproportionate growth where we are also maybe not as strong as we would 
like to be. So we have clearly articulated the area. There is both elements, 
strengthening the core element where we were still looking at opportunities in 
sort of more traditional areas where we are strong but it gives us consolidation 
opportunity and with the transformation that is going on; it enables us to bring 
our digital capabilities. So we are looking at, sort of we call it strengthen the 
core, but we also are looking at accelerating on the new areas. We call it '5 
pillars of growth' that we have articulated and we will talk about it a little bit 
more in the investor day which we hope to do this time in May. But in these 
five pillars we are looking at this kind of acquisition. And say the vehicles, the 
next generation vehicles because it could include many things including 
electric vehicles, autonomous driving, ADAS and so on and so forth. That is 
definitely a part of the focus of M&A and also I will say there are some good 
opportunities in the pipeline there also. So it is, we have a good thought out 
strategy. It is clearly defined. We know what we will pay, we know how we 
will integrate based on which bucket it falls into and this is definitely a focus 
area for us. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Sandeep Shah: 
And sir, what is the reason for QoQ dip in cash because we had a good cash 
flow conversion and is it dividend or anything else to call out for a decline of 
QOQ? And just one suggestion in presentation we could be slightly more 
consistent to include even a long-term treasury which we used to include in the 
fact sheet but from this quarter we excluded the same in details about cash and 
bank balance. 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Sandeep, definitely I think I take your inputs and we will work with you. We 
want to maintain the highest levels of disclosures. We will definitely align on 
that and look into it. In terms of the net cash, I think interim dividend is 
complete otherwise I think there is no other unusual item and some outflow 
would be in terms of investment in case of the SDR which would be about 10 
crores. Otherwise there are no significant outflows other than that. 
Sandeep Shah: 
I didn’t get. Your voice was feeble, so what was the investment apart from 
dividend? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
The SDR radio which we have done the arrangement, there is an outflow of 
about 10 crores during the quarter.  
Sandeep Shah:              Is this is related to M&A related investment banking charges? 
Ajay Aggarwal:             This is related to our arrangement on the software defined radio (SDR) 
Sandeep Shah: 
But I think, Ajay, we are selling the business, right? So why to have an outflow 
here? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
No, we are not selling the business. We transferred the technology and the 
product needs to be finished in the development phase for which that was the 
amount that would be roughly required. So we gave them the technology and 
10 crores investment for the 15% stake. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just last thing, Ajay. Here there would be entry which would be reduced 
from the intangible asset which is sitting as a net block in the balance sheet for 
this radio business which we are using as a whole or divesting as a whole? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Yes, I think it will be somewhere in the capital work in progress and now it 
will go into investments. 

 
Cyient Limited 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I now hand the conference over 
to the management team for closing remarks. Over to you. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much and thanks to everyone for participating this evening. 
Like I said it has been a good quarter. I really appreciate your support and your 
patience through this journey. We have positioned ourselves really well and 
we see the momentum behind us into Q4 and more importantly into the next 
year. I think while there are always one-off niggles, I think we are managing 
through them. I think the chip shortage for example in the DLM business is an 
unforeseen event. But we are managing profitability quite well to balance off 
for that in the DLM business. Of course, the services business is doing quite 
well from both revenue growth and profitability perspective. So, I think we are 
well positioned into the next quarter and going forward and we are quite 
committed to making sure that we build on this and deliver superior 
performance like we have in Q3 and for this to continue into the future. So, 
with that thank you very much for your support. Thank you very much for your 
trust. And we will speak again soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much members of management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behave of Cyient Limited that concludes today's conference call. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
                                   This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure 
high level of accuracy.  
