 
 
 
 
   January 28, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
25th floor, Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543245 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor  
Plot no. C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol : GLAND (ISIN : INE068V01023) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub:  Earnings call Transcript- Q3FY22 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings call for Q3FY22 of the Company held on Friday,         
January 21,2022 at 18.30 P.M IST. This will also be available on the Company’s website 
https://glandpharma.com/investors/financials  
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours truly, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Gland Pharma Limited Q3 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINIVAS SADU – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. RAVI SHEKHAR MITRA - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. SUMANTA BAJPAYEE - VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE 
& INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Gland Pharma Limited Q3 FY2021-22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sumanta Bajpayee, Vice President Corporate Finance and 
Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Sumanta Bajpayee: 
Thank you. Wish you all a very Happy New Year and a warm welcome to Gland Pharma’s 
Earnings Call for Third Quarter Financial Year 2022. We will begin this call with business 
highlights and overview by Mr. Srinivas Sadu – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
followed by financial overview by Mr. Ravi Shekhar Mitra – our Chief Financial Officer. After 
the opening remarks from Management, operator will open the bridge for Q&A session.  
Before we proceed with the call, please note some of the statements made in today’s discussion 
may be forward looking and are based on management current expectations and this must be 
viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties involve in our business. The Safe Harbor 
language contained in our press release also pertains to this conference call. This call is being 
recorded and the playback shall be made available on our website shortly after the call. The 
transcript of this call will be submitted to the stock exchanges and made available on our website. 
I will now hand the call over to Mr. Sadu for his opening remarks. Thank you all, over to you 
Mr. Sadu. 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Thank you Sumanta. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call for third 
quarter of fiscal 22. I would like to start by wishing you and your families a Happy New Year. 
Every year that passes teaches us something afresh, the last year has given a greater sense of 
purpose to us at Gland. Our employees understand the impact their work is making in supporting 
the healthcare infrastructure globally. We are starting this new year with renewed optimism to 
accomplish many more milestones together. We would like to wish good health to our investors 
and analysts. 
We have seen the Omicron variant of COVID-19 virus spreading across the globe recently. 
While in most cases the symptoms are mild, following the COVID-19 protocols and vaccination 
must remain the key priorities. At Gland, we continue to follow all COVID-19 protocols to 
ensure safety of our employees. Almost all of our employees are vaccinated with two doses of 
vaccine. 
While there were some material supply delays experienced during the quarter, there are 
significant delays from pre-filled syringe supplier. Our teams are constantly communicating with 
our vendors to address the issue. 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Looking at our business, we continue to maintain the growth momentum this quarter Q3 FY22, 
with a revenue of ₹ 10,633 Mn., that is an year-on-year revenue growth of 24% for the quarter 
Q3 FY22, which is also a growth of 28% for the nine month period 9M FY22 over 9M FY21. 
With a PAT of ₹ 2,730 Mn, we saw a year-on-year PAT growth of 34% for the quarter Q3 FY22, 
resulting in also a growth of 26% for the nine month period 9M FY22 over 9M FY21. We have 
generated ₹ 6,127 Mn of cash flow from operations for the 9 months FY22. Our emphasis on 
life cycle management of products and continued focus on revenue diversification across 
geographies, is helping us move forward with a strong footing. 
I am glad about our R&D team’s ability to ensure timely completion of developmental projects 
despite the ongoing pandemic. In terms of our R&D progress, we have completed ANDA filings 
for the four complex injectables targeted to be filed in this financial year during the quarter. The 
other development projects are also progressing in line with the project plan. We made 18 
ANDA filings during the quarter and also filed 3 DMFs during the same period.  We have filed 
a total of 27 ANDA filings during 9M FY22 as compared to 19 ANDA filings during 9M FY21. 
We also received 4 ANDA approvals during the quarter. Our R&D expenditure for Q3 FY22 
was ₹ 699 million which is nearly 6.6% of our revenue from operations. For 9M period upon 
excluding capital R&D expenditure, the R&D expenditure stands at 4.5% of our revenue for the 
period. Full fiscal year 22 R&D expenditure as a percentage of revenue is expected to be in line 
with our historical trend. As on 31st Dec 2021, we along with our partners have 309 ANDA 
filings in the USA and 1,552 product registrations globally. 
We have completed technology transfer and submission batches for Sputnik Light. After 
successful clearance of samples from Kasauli and joint inspection of our Drug Substance and 
Drug Product facilities by CDSCO and DCA during the quarter, we just received the Export 
NOC for 50 million doses from CDSCO. We hope to receive the manufacturing license soon to 
initiate manufacturing of Sputnik Light vaccine. 
Let me take you through the business highlights across various geographies: 
With respect to our Rest of the World markets, our strategy of expanding our product portfolio 
in identified geographies has shown good results. We have further strengthened our presence by 
winning new tenders in our markets. This business accounted for 19% of our Q3 FY22 revenue 
as against 13% of our Q3 FY21 revenue. We have seen 88% year-on-year growth in revenues 
for the quarter. Our key markets continue to remain MENA, LATAM and APAC. Among our 
key products, Enoxaparin Sodium was the biggest contributor to growth for the Rest of the 
World Markets. Our ability to manage our supply chain efficiently has helped us meet the shorter 
delivery times required for rest of the world markets. 
 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Our strategy for our key markets, namely US, Canada, Europe and Australia has shown good 
results with a focus on ensuring timely commercialization of pipeline and lifecycle management 
of existing products to ensure market competitiveness. Our key markets accounted for 63% of 
our revenue during Q3 FY22 as against 70% during Q3 FY21. The new variant of COVID-19 
impacted off-take of our core portfolio in the regulated markets. We have seen 10% y-o-y growth 
in revenues for the quarter. On including India sales for our core markets, the y-o-y growth is at 
18%, which is a function of our strong execution capabilities despite the pandemic. The US 
market has registered a year-on-year growth of 23% for Q3 FY22. The key products helping us 
achieve this growth include Micafungin Sodium, Ketorolac Tromethamine and Heparin Sodium. 
In line with our growth targets from new launches we launched 6 molecules during the last 
quarter. 
India market accounts for 18% of our Q3 FY22 revenue out of which domestic markets account 
for 6% of sales and Indian sales for export markets account for 12% of sales. We have seen 31% 
y-o-y growth in revenues for the quarter on account of volume growth of existing products. 
Ertapenem which is a new launch this year meant for export markets has shown strong demand 
from end market. 
As we continue to scale our operations, our quality and regulatory teams have ensured our 
quality systems and standards are replicated across additional capacities being established. There 
were times during the last year when we were operating with less than optimal manpower, yet 
the quality systems stood the test and ensured compliance. All our plants continue to remain 
approved by US FDA. Our customers are conducting audits regularly and our team continues to 
remain prepared for any audit.  
As we can see from the progress on R&D, our near-term focus on establishing a strong portfolio 
of complex injectables is progressing in a timely manner. We are also looking at acquisition 
opportunities to help expedite the development process. At the same time, we are also working 
towards charting down a roadmap to establish the Bio-similar CDMO vertical. Collaboration 
with established bio-similar players and acquisitions can help us accelerate the push in this 
regard.  
We remain optimistic on the prospects for this year and hope to continue the growth momentum 
for all our stakeholders. I once again wish everyone good health. 
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Ravi Mitra, who will share some 
more insights about our financial performance for the quarter. Thank you very much. 
 
 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Ravi Shekhar Mitra: 
Thank you, Mr. Sadu. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for attending 
our Third Quarter Earnings Call. Let me start by sharing the financials of third quarter and nine 
months’ period of the current financial year. 
Revenue from operations for the Q3FY22 stood at Rs. 10,633 million, a year-on-year increase 
of 24%. We achieved steady growth of 10% across our core market of the US, Canada, Europe, 
and Australia. ROW market continues to record a robust growth of 88%. Our India market which 
also includes ultimate sales for US, witnessed growth of 31%. Revenue from operations for the 
nine months of fiscal’22 stood at Rs. 32,977 million, a year-on-year increase of 28%. 
Other Income for the third quarter was Rs. 457 million, which includes Interest on fixed deposit 
of Rs. 342 million and foreign exchange gains on operations of Rs. 86 million. For the 9MFY22, 
the Other Income was Rs. 1,587 million, of which Interest on fixed deposit of Rs. 1,033 million 
and foreign exchange gains on operations of Rs. 520 million. 
We have reported an EBITDA of Rs. 3,946 million in Q3FY22, compared to Rs. 2,994 million 
which is an increase of 32% compared to same period last financial year. EBITDA Margin for 
Q3FY22 stood at 36% as compared to 33% for the same period of previous financial year.  
EBITDA for the nine months ended December 2021 was Rs. 13,205 million, compared to Rs. 
10,621 million for the same period last year, a growth of 24%. We have reported EBITDA 
Margin for 9MFY22 at 38%. 
Our Net Profit for third quarter was Rs. 2,730 million, a growth of 34% compared to Q3FY21. 
During the quarter, we have recorded PAT Margin of 25% which is an improvement of 180 BPS 
compared to same quarter previous financial year. During the nine months’ period of the current 
financial year, our PAT was Rs. 9,258 million which is an increase of 26% as compared to same 
period last year.  
The total R&D expenses for third quarter were Rs. 699 million and stands at 6.6% of the revenue. 
As mentioned before by Mr. Sadu, during third quarter, we have filed [18] ANDAs as compared 
to total 7 ANDAs during first six months of the year. In third quarter we have incurred higher 
filing fees due to increased number of ANDA filling and that has resulted higher R&D revenue 
expenses as compared to first two quarters’ average R&D revenue expenditure by Rs. 299 
million.  
The total R&D expenses for the 9 months period were Rs.1,714 million, compared to Rs.916 
million during the same period of the previous financial year. It stands at 5.2% of the Revenue. 
Our effective tax rate remains at about 25% in third quarter and for the nine months’ period of 
the current fiscal year. 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Cash flow from operation during nine months’ period was Rs. 6,127 million. Cash Flow from 
Operation has improved during third quarter due to reduced inventory level and receivables 
position. Net working capital has reduced to Rs. 19,227 million as on December 31st compared 
to Rs. 20,334 million on September 30th, 2021. 
Average Cash Conversion Cycle stood at 190 days for the nine months ending December’21, 
which is in-line with same period last financial year. Inventory level has reduced compared to 
previous quarter end, and hence has enabled us to improve overall cash conversion cycle. 
All our planned capex plans are progressing well. Total Capex including routine maintenance 
capex incurred during the year till December 2021 was INR 4,547 million.  
Our ROCE on ex-cash basis was at 34% on an annualized basis for the nine months’ period of 
this fiscal year. 
Our fixed assets turnover stood at 3.2 times for nine months period of current financials on an 
annualized basis which has increased from 2.9 times for the same period last year due to 
increased capacity utilization. 
As of December 2021, we had total Rs. 32,846 million of Cash, which we intend to utilize for 
Capex and to fund our inorganic growth strategies. 
With this, I would request the moderator to open the lines for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nithya Balasubramanian from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead. 
Nithya Balasubramanian: My first question is on the complex injectables. Can you tell us what these products are, you’ve 
told us what the addressable market but can you throw a bit more color? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, there are three hormonal products and one complex peptide. The addressable market is 
around a billion dollars for these four products.  
Nithya Balasubramanian: Are you are you willing to talk about what these molecules are?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, we can’t reveal Nithya, sorry.  
Nithya Balasubramanian: Okay, are these Gland own ANDA or partnered products? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Gland owned ANDA. 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Nithya Balasubramanian: Got it. So, my next question is on the biosimilar/ vaccine investment. If I heard you right, you 
have the export permission now for up to 50 million doses. However, you’re still awaiting some 
additional manufacturing license to start exporting, there is still a hurdle to start exporting? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, so the process is initially once you made batches, you have to submit samples to Kasauli 
and then in parallel we submitted NOC that triggers an inspection. And that’s what happened 
and both site got inspected, the report went and then we got issued actually NOC this morning. 
Now, with this NOC we have to submit for the license, which is more a documentary protocol I 
would say, then the license will be issued. Then we have to go and discuss with RDIF on supplies 
and where to supply. So, hopefully now we should start manufacturing as soon as we get 
manufacturing license. 
Nithya Balasubramanian: So, over what timeframe do you expect to supply this 50 million doses and you have commitment 
from RDIF that there is demand for 50 million doses of Sputnik Light?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, so we have a contract in place. Now that we are waiting for the NOC to get so that will 
initiate the discussion. So, since it’s just come up today, we are going to initiate dialogue but 
I’m sure we are positive that it might happen in next four to five months. And there is a demand, 
what we’ve been discussing, there is demand in some Asian regions where access to the vaccines 
is not there for some other vaccines.  
Nithya Balasubramanian: Got it. If I might squeeze just one more in, if your eventual intent is to repurpose this facility for 
biosimilars and biologics CDMO and the tech transfer process obviously takes depending on the 
product 12 to 15 months have you already started conversations with biosimilar players and is 
there anything you can talk about it at this moment? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, we do. And this good interest we are seeing not just outside India, even some of the Indian 
players who want to enter in this space are discussing with us and some of our subsidiaries of 
parent company as well.  
Nithya Balasubramanian: Any deals that have been signed so far?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, not yet, because we still waiting for a clear cut idea on the vaccine production and how much 
demand. So, unless that is there, we don’t want to enter the deal. So, that this will not impact the 
timelines. 
Nithya Balasubramanian: Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Thavkar from Motilal Oswal Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity So, just could you reiterate our progress on the biosimilar front 
in terms of like say where we are in terms of MABs, insulin, the cell therapy, the e-coli 
technologies probably also virus manufacturing technologies and so if you could just give us 
update where we are in that entire journey? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, Ashish as we reiterated earlier, we are not into the development of products, we are only 
doing a development work for other companies, while we have created R&D team and a 
manufacturing team to address all the technologies, we will not be developing on our own any 
product portfolio. So, we will be doing a service for the biosimilar company, unlike the generic 
injectables where we are also developing products.  
Ashish Thakkar: 
Sir, but any timelines so like this is the question which last always in the concall, but any 
timelines you’d like to share as to when can we see that first dollar revenue coming in for us? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
We want to have a wrap up of vaccine project by the end of this year at least third quarter or so 
and then start working on the biosimilar end of this year. So, hopefully in the first quarter of next 
year, we should see something happening I would say.  
Ashish Thakkar: 
Okay. One last question on this narcotics any update, like how are we planning to take our sales 
ahead whether it would be through M&As, acquisition of technologies, anything on the those 
kinds will be helpful?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Could you repeat that Ashish? 
Ashish Thakkar: 
Anything on the narcotic space in the U.S. which is obviously a complex area and we are willing 
to take ourselves there. So, any progress and how are we planning to take ourselves to the U.S. 
market probably?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Narcotics is more than a complex I think because it has to be done in locally in U.S. That’s the 
key issue so, we’re still actively looking at assets. COVID didn’t help us because there were 
travel restrictions. But still, I would say we are actively looking at assets in U.S. to address this 
market.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, on the ROW markets we have seen steady performance around 200, 250 crores for the last 
three quarters. When do you expect a step up in sales in ROW going forward? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Sorry, Saion what’s the question again?  

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Saion Mukherjee: 
So, I was asking on the ROW markets, you have a quarterly revenue run rate of around 200 to 
250 crores it’s been steady for the last three quarters. When do we expect any step up in ROW 
revenues?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
See, year-on-year we are growing very well. And we won tenders and we start supplying in 
different quarters. And they’re the countries where we have tendered for two years, three years. 
So, where we have just started in say last quarter. So, it’s a cycle, so you will be seeing the step 
up from April quarter because normally it’s a year-on-year growth you see for our kind of 
business.  
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. Sir, on the U.S. market in your commentary, you didn’t talk about Enoxaparin as a growth 
driver, because I understand you had some supplies to Fresenius. So, if you can just take us 
through what’s happening in the U.S. overall, the exports from India part has also sort of seen a 
good leg up. So, if you can give some more colors as to what is sort of driving growth. What is 
dragging down any commentary on the U.S., any details would be helpful. 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, even in my last earnings call I did mention some of the contracts what we won, for some of 
the products. Micafungin is growing very well when we see year-on-year it’s almost 200% 
growth. We have two major contracts in place. Enoxaparin again, it’s driving growth because of 
the last contract we have. We have several launches if you see the growth of U.S. 23% year-on-
year, majority has come from these products. And products if you see like Dexmedetomidine, 
we have a few very good contracts in place that has done very well. Ertapenem we got contracts 
that is doing very well. So, four or five products, which are large are doing extremely well and 
that has contributed to the growth of 23% from the U.S. market. And even the bag products, 
where we were having the capacity utilization of 25%, 30% today, we are almost hitting in a full 
capacity. We got contracts in some of the bag products as well. So, we have really contributed 
to the growth. And we have several launches coming in next few months as well, the market size 
of that itself is around 1.3, 1.4 billion in next nine months in terms of launches.  
Saion Mukherjee:  
Okay. Sir if I can ask one more question on gross margin, it’s been pretty steady. Any comment 
on raw material price pressure, how should we think about gross margins in the quarters ahead?  
Srinivas Sadu:  
For Gland I have been talking about this earlier, gross margin is little irrelevant because of our 
model, because we have what we call varied model where we do contract manufacturing where 
the gross margin is 100%. We have licensing income which is 100%, we have tech transfer 
projects where is a different set of gross margin and our own products. So, whenever the mix 
changes, the gross margin looks different. It doesn’t mean that there’s pressure on gross margin. 
Unlike other companies, where 100% of business comes from the product sales, we normally 
have to look more about EBITDA and PAT. And if you see that, it’s steady and considering the 
18 ANDAs file in this quarter, for which the filing fee itself costing around 30 crores. Normal 
run rate per quarter for filing fees is around 5 to 6 crores but this quarter been heavy in terms of 
that which will help in the growth of the business like you said. So, if you see last year, entire 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
year we have 21 ANDAs this year, we met about 28, 29ANDAs. So, there is an increase of 7 to 
8 ANDAs and the bulk of it has happened this quarter. If you consider these expenditure made 
on the ANDAs filings adding that to the EBITDA it’s in line with the historical trend.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kadam from Canara Robeco. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Kadam: 
I have two questions, one is on the Enoxaparin, maybe 10 days back we had this news from the 
Indian Government issuing some kind of notice on the banning that particular export. So, does 
it impact us, in that particular thing. Do we come under that particular gamut under that 
notification. And the second question is that we had guided earlier that our China 
commercialization the first product launches could happen by the end of FY22 or the start of 
FY23. Does that timeline remains steady?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, on the Enoxaparin there are two things, one is prohibited and the other is restricted. What 
this product has fallen under is the restricted category because of the COVID situation, just as a 
precautionary measure government has put that under restricted category. So, we have to file 
document to get an approval for an export. But as of now, they are not really restricting any 
shipments and with the amount of the number of suppliers in India, we don’t foresee any shortage 
happening in the Indian market. So, the impact won’t be that much. So, as of now it’s normal 
business. Only when some shortages happen in Indian market that’s when they will look at 
restricting it. As of now there is no restriction to export.  
Amit Kadam: 
So, does it happen like every shipment then we have to take an approval because it’s into 
restricted category then? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, not every shipment. Whenever we import components or materials to export we get it under 
advance license. So, they actually approve the advance license and whenever you file for 
shipping, you have to mention that advance license number and that will clear at the customs. 
So, it could be 40 batches or 50 batches at one shot. Once you have an advance license approval 
then you can ship whatever covered under the advance license.  
Amit Kadam: 
So, in this last 10 days as a regular shipment nothing has impacted our regular flow shipments 
to our respective customers? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Not yet.  
Amit Kadam: 
And on my second question sir? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
On the China piece we are still waiting for the first approval, there’s one piece which still 
deliberation is normally NMPA does inspect the facility first time when they approve a product. 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
So, it’s under that deliberation whether it has to be a virtual audit or visit, visit could be a problem 
so, that stage. Probably that gets cleared this product might get approved.  
Amit Kadam: 
So, the timelines could get a little deferment? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, it might differ, but we did say that the first quarter of next year could be the time when we 
commercialize. So, all will get more clarity it might happen on it might be push by few months, 
but we will give a better clarity in next earnings call.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Sir, just on your four complex injectables for which you have done the filing. The total combined 
size of the addressable market is 1 billion, is that correct and that’s the gross number by IQVIA 
so the net number would be what 25%, 30% lower?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, that could be correct, but most of the time these products have lesser discounts, so it’s closer 
to the IQVIA number especially products which are single source.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, got it. And are all four of them without any generic or there are some players there in the 
market?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, these are not generic yet.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Excellent. And what could be the approval cycle timeline for this?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Normally, for complex internally we are assuming two years, that depends on the first response 
we get from the agency.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay. And sir how do you see the competitive outlook for these four products, when you reach 
the market would it be one, two player market or there are more people in the queue?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
It’s very difficult to say because lot of people are talking about complex injectables. We have 
started this program few years ago. So, while we have filed four this year next year we have 
pipeline of filing eight complex products, it’s very difficult to say which companies are working 
on these products. If you look at the total portfolio, that’s 35, 40 complex injectables, so you 
don’t know who are actually working on which products. I can’t really comment on how many 
players will be there. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, that’s very clear sir. Sir one last one from my side. And that is for your base business all 
the injectables in the regulated markets, some 250 odd approved ANDAs. So, as more and more 
Indian players broaden their portfolios, are you seeing competitive pressures over there in the 
market are you seeing a higher price erosion. Your thoughts on this would be great, thanks.  

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, there will be a price pressure for any product waiting to get genericized, but because the 
business model our impact of  the price pressure is little lower, if you see our growth has come 
almost 17%, 18% from the volume growth and the new launches growth has given around 6%. 
So, majority of the growth has come from either new launches or volume, the price will remain 
same or it’s 1% down. So, the impact is lower for us because the business model what we have 
because we are protected by the Transfer Price model we have and the profit share component 
for the smaller part of the entire business of about 10%. So, even the impact is lower. And 
because of multiple players, we have partnerships with several products. We kind of average out 
the price pressure.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, just clarification again on this Sputnik in terms of the timeline for starting the exports, like 
three, four weeks’ timeline or can be faster than that? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
I wish I give you tomorrow Tushar. So, once we get a manufacturing license, then in parallel we 
are discussing the RDIF on countries to which we have to start exporting. Then we have to start 
manufacturing, the manufacturing process from the minute it starts the drug substance to finish 
product itself is about 45, 50 days and then the samples have to be released by Kasauli and also 
Gamaleya, Russia. So, that’s another 30 days or so. The dispatch may happen actually the first 
part of next quarter, then this quarter but at least the manufacturing will happen this quarter.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. And just coming back to the complex generic filing are these products into the 
shortage list which can compel U.S. FDA for inspection or early approval if at all the file is more 
or less appropriate? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, because these products are filed from same lines and approved facility, so this doesn’t trigger 
an inspection as such. Anyway, it all depends on when they want to inspect because of course 
we are one of the key injectables suppliers to the U.S. market and other products goes from the 
sites. We got inspected in 2019 last, so in 2022 anyway it’s due. So, we had to be ready whenever 
they want to come, but this for sure will not trigger an inspection, but normal course of business 
they might give an inspection this year. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood, and lastly on Enoxaparin, on 4Q onwards we were to start the incremental order 
flow on this product in terms of gaining market share from let’s say the previous supplier. So, is 
that on track or on account of COVID related hiccups, is that getting pushed or kind of preponed 
some highlight there?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, in fact if you see the numbers this quarter, Enoxaparin in the U.S. has gone up. So, we 
already started catering to that demand, specially demand for the new contract what we have, 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
more will come in from this quarter but the impact has already started we start supplying from 
last quarter more quantities to U.S.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood and just lastly, there has been a good increase in the ANDAs filings after maybe 
almost two, three quarters. So, is that kind of pent up into this quarter itself or with the production 
bit easing on account of COVID or how do we look at this the pace of filing? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, we never try to postpone any ANDA filings whenever it has to happen, we do that. Because 
of four complex injectables, the development took longer time you can see last year it was only 
21 ANDAs, normal our target is around 24 and we did 21 last year. So, complex injectables 
takes longer time to develop. So, these were in pipeline and we’ve got ready to file this quarter. 
So, there were additional filings which has happened. And depending on when the stability gets 
over, when the ANDAs batches happens that’s when we file it. So, it just  incidentally happened 
this quarter. And that’s why it like the bulk up in only one quarter this 18 ANDAs and three 
DMF.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Agrawal from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
The question is related to complex peptides that you have filed this quarter. So, are you 
developing the API on your own or you’re sourcing it from a third party?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, these are outsourced. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Okay, so basically it is fair to assume that as far as the peptide filings are concerned for most of 
the products for example API’s are outsourced?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Not all peptides, in some of the peptides we buy intermediate and then do a final step. But more 
critical APIs we are dependent on external sources. But that’s one of the areas we’re also looking 
from acquisition perspective in the long term. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sir, if we can provide some color on what was our profit share this quarter? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
You want this number of profit share number or you want the percentage? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Percentage. 
Srinivas Sadu: 
8% contribution for the revenue. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Just for this quarter. And for the nine month also it would be similar? 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, For the quarter it’s about 10%, for nine months is about 8%. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay, and the second question is again on the biosimilar side. So, obviously we have sited some 
timeline, but there is also and we are also in the discussion with various companies, but there is 
also another aspect in terms of regulatory clearance of the facility and that also takes time. So, 
the current conversations you are having with prospective clients, whether these are for the ROW 
markets or for let say Europe market or U.S. market? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, the facilities are designed for regulated markets, so it will be good enough for all markets 
from regulatory inspection perspective. And local inspection perspective, we already got 
approval clearance from the inspector for the vaccine, it’s just that we need to give a cleaning 
air handling for the month and then we can start the Biosimilar production. But the design of the 
plant is as per regulatory requirements for the regulated markets.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And these regulated market inspection would be triggered after you have certain products 
which gets manufactured or certain contracts in place or this can happen before as well? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, there are two things, one is mostly the customer approval we need once we sign a contract, 
depends on the type of work you do. If you want to take a pilot scale batches, which the product 
has to be given to humans, then you need a regulatory approval. But otherwise, any development 
you do in R&D or a batches for animal studies, you don’t need regulatory approval for this. The 
approval from the client is good enough.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of  Rahul Jeewani from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Now, with respect to the biosimilar CDMO business, you indicated that we would not be 
involved in product development and these products would essentially be tech transferred 
products where we will be providing, fill finish services to some of the other players. So, because 
this will be a tech transferred portfolio where you will be providing fill-finished services, do you 
think that the biologic CDMO portfolio would be a lower margin business for us and hence it 
will be margin diluted for us?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
So there are two or three different aspects here. One is the products which are already generic I 
would say, you have to really call it, Rituximab kind of products. Doing work for them, whether 
it’s a tech transfer, and you try to get cell lines from the client and then do a scale up on the 
substance and then do a fill finish. But the other key aspect is the new drugs, not the generic 
products. That’s where the focus is now. So, all the companies who are developing new drugs, 
they look at the development work to be done at a smaller companies like us, we act as a service 
provider for that and they will, whether it could be cell line development or whether it could be 
scale up batches, or sometimes they have done already cell line we do the drug substance scale 
up or we do the pilot scale batches, so several dimensions to this business, but mostly what we’re 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
looking at is working with companies who are working on the new drugs and less on the 
genericized biosimilar I would say that.  
Rahul: 
Okay, so that essentially means you would be targeting some of the breakthrough biosimilars, 
which will go off patent, but you also indicated that the revenue accretion from this project could 
start in 12 to 18 months’ time. So, how do you tie in that given that some of these products which 
you might be targeting will be going off patent only post FY24-25 timeframes?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Sorry. I think you missed one point, what we’re saying is, we are not worried about the 
commercial production yet for these products, we are looking at development scale up and then 
some might not every product you do development work at a CDMO will actually get 
commercialized a little different than the generic business. Some will pass through the animal 
study, some will pass through the human studies, and some may not. And only when the products 
where it will get through all of this then it gets to commercialized production. So, it’s mostly we 
are working on the development side, scale up side of the business. And whichever product is 
successful, that’s when it gets to the commercialized stage. 
Rahul: 
Sure, sir and with respect to the U.S. business if we look at the U.S. business, which is booked 
as part of our developed markets business, the U.S. business has been flat quarter-on-quarter 
despite the incremental supplies which you have done on Enoxaparin for the additional contract. 
So, what has led to sequentially the U.S. business being flat overall?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, the quarter-on-quarter it varies and we really should not compare, because it depends on 
what kind of products got dispatch, that particular quarter, are there any launches during that 
quarter. So, it depends on how many product gets launched in a particular quarter. So, we should 
always look at an annual basis, which gets averaged out, whether it’s ANDAs filings or whether 
it is some of the high value product might have dispatched in a particular quarter may not get 
dispatched. And the quantities also might vary, this all depends on the timing.  
Rahul: 
Sure, sir one last question from my end. So, this is more of a bookkeeping question. Now, over 
the last two quarters you have started calling out the sales which is being booked from India for 
the export markets and specifically the U.S. business. So, the growth numbers which you are 
reporting for U.S. is including the proportion of sales, which has been booked from India, and 
we have seen this that you have started doing this only over the past two quarters. So, has 
anything changed with respect to how your account for the sales which has led to some sort of 
disclosure being made in this way? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, if you see, two, three years ago the business what was happening to Indian companies to the 
U.S. was minimal, not that much, few products got sold by Dr. Reddy’s in that market. But we 
have done a lot of contracts with different Indian companies over the last several years that kind 
of started to sell. So, it’s only fair to say that because the products are ultimately sold in U.S. 
and that is also generating a growth and for example Ertapenem it’s licensed to Indian company. 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
And we know that is selling well and we should not take that away from the U.S. business 
because now there are several products which we don’t license to U.S. companies only to Indian 
companies. And that should not curtail that and because the volume of business is growing in a 
large way. So, we thought the investors should know how much actual domestic product is going 
to the U.S. market. Because there will be an ambiguity around how we are growing 30% in 
Indian market, it’s only a smaller portion of our business. Most of the business what we’re doing 
today, shown as India actually is going to the U.S. market but billed as INR. 
Rahul: 
So, just one clarification on that point. So, the U.S. market sales which we are booking as part 
of the developed market portfolio, does that mean you don’t book any sales to the Indian 
companies as part of that develop market portfolio so all your sales which is happening to Indian 
companies is getting booked as part of the India sales only? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Correct. It’s always booked as India, we’re only saying that part of that India, x amount, so much 
percentage and so much quantity for the U.S. market. That’s what we are telling.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Recently, we have been getting good numbers post IPO that’s great sir, keep up the good work. 
And sir one thing I just wanted to know about was the, what is the compliance status of our 
because I believe, and we have a stellar track record of maintaining great compliance since 2003, 
if I’m not wrong, and what are the factors behind it and any inspection in offing in post pandemic 
FDA team coming up?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, all our sites are FDA approved. Many of them are approved by other regulatory agencies 
as well and it’s intact. In fact, just today we have just finished our Dundigal plant, one of the 
main plant inspection from ANVISA. It was a physical inspection. This is the first inspection 
post-pandemic, I would say. We had Russian inspection, but was more virtual, and some other 
inspections virtually. FDA we don’t have an inspection, we did receive some questionnaires for 
some of our APIs which were due for inspection in last year, and that was submitted. Other than 
that everything is in compliance and even inspection with ANVISA went well, so that gives us 
confidence that in spite of no inspections from regulatory authority for last two years, we are in 
line with our compliance record.  
Vivek Gautam: 
Great sir. And sir what has been the Fosun contribution to our growth since they took over our 
company, and what has changed since then and how’s their growth mindset and any entry in 
China, or rest of the world market they are opening doors for us any positive development sir?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, if you really see it’s not just before listing even before listing, we’ve been growing for three 
years.  

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Vivek Gautam: 
Since 2015. 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, correct. So, the investment what we made, whether it’s infrastructure and the portfolio and 
the plan we made were long term that’s all come into fruition. And post-Fosun, it really helped 
us in some of the markets, because if you see the sales in some African markets has gone up 
very well, where Fosun network we have been trying to sell our products to. China market, we 
never looked at that market actively before. Currently, we’re looking at it because like you said, 
1/3 of global injectable market comes from that market. So, that’s a great help, in that sense. 
And M&A, we don’t have much experience in that side as well. So, we get a lot of help from 
them looking at different assets and evaluating and during diligence activities. So, there are 
several areas where we cooperate and we get help from them.  
Vivek Gautam: 
And sir lastly what are the CAPEX plan and any concern on increasing competition intensity in 
the injectable space for us from Indian companies and other companies also? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, Mr. Ravi will address the CAPEX plan but on competition perspective, I’ve been saying any 
new competitor is good for us, because we get one more partner whom we can license our 
products to. 
Ravi Shekhar Mitra: 
Under CAPEX plan, so we have spent about 450 crores in nine months and would be spending 
another 100 crores in this quarter. So, that would take care of the 550 crores we initially indicated 
for this financial year’s CAPEX plan. So, mostly it has been incurred on the vaccine facility in 
Pashamylaram expansion. Next year we are estimating about 300 crores of CAPEX for further 
setting up the lines in Pashamylaram and also on the API side we are adding capacity for more 
vertical integration. So, that is the CAPEX plan for this year and next year.  
Vivek Gautam: 
Dividend any plan sir, giving dividend?  
Ravi Shekhar Mitra: 
Dividend the Board has to deliberate and decide, we cannot comment anything on that now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Agarwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Sir, just wanted to understand, basic question that we’ve been doing great growth and we have 
a good selection of products. But what we hear from the large Indian pharma companies also is 
that, the second of 23 they are also coming with complex injectables. Do you think from 23-24 
the competition level will increase and our long term growth can taper a bit just from the base 
business, not the biosimilars? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
So, competition is coming from last three, four years, and like I’ve been saying our models are 
different we are not a front end company. So, we cater to different companies. So, more 
competitors will come, we have products to license to this company that’s one, the portfolio 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
build up happens to any company over a long period of time, it took us so many years to build 
300 odd ANDAs. So, no company can build develop so many ANDAs in a year. So, they also 
take time to go to that stage. And the throughput we gave and the technologies we have across 
different formats it takes time for any company to do it. So, we’re not that worried about the 
growth. Of course the base is increasing so not just the portfolio will help us grow the way we 
have been growing. So, we are looking at different avenues and that’s one of the reasons we’ve 
been focusing so much on geographic growth drivers. And areas where we have not touched 
upon yet, if you look at the product what we have launched, it’s only about $5.9 billion worth of 
products and the market is $130 billion across of the globe. So, there’s a lot more to do and a lot 
of catching up even for us and even more for companies who are coming new.  
Prakash Agarwal: 
That was very elaborate answer thank you for that. And secondly on biosimilars, so I heard you 
saying that currently we are adding capability of fill and finish. So, what is the three five year 
plan, are there any therapeutic focus, autoimmune or otherwise and do we plan to do the 
complete DS and drug products ability or we would carve out our specialty part of the business?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
No, in fact we are doing both DS and fill finish, not just fill finish to start with. The vaccine, DS 
plant what we have created that will be converted to DS once this vaccine project gets over that’s 
the plan. So, from beginning itself is a combination of both DS and DP. And that’s why also we 
have a little advantage over lot of other companies with a track record we have on the fill finish. 
So, it’s not just fill finish we’re looking at both DS and DP. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And sir the product selection is there a therapeutic focus, are we looking at large products already 
identified or we are looking at the second wave which are yet to see any biosimilar entry. How 
are we thinking about product selection and therapeutic selection?  
Srinivas Sadu: 
And like we said we’re not getting into a development of products. So, whichever clients want 
for portion of that work so we will be acting like a service provider for them, unlike the business 
what we are doing today where we do both, we do service as well as we do develop products. 
But for CDMO biosimilars the idea is to work as a service provider for the biosimilar companies.  
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay, got it. And lastly, sir on the free cash flow generation, how do we think to use the cash 
over next three years, would it be largely for CAPEX and part of a dividend, or we are open to 
looking at large assets as well? 
Srinivas Sadu: 
Yes, so primarily we have to look at areas where we can fill gaps what we have, there are several 
areas where we don’t have capabilities yet, to build that it might take few years that’s we have 
to acquire some assets. So, there is a primary focus on that without putting too much pressure 
on the balance sheet we are getting risk averse in terms of what we have to buy unless it fits 
perfectly into our long-term strategy and where we have gaps that where we are looking it from 
an acquisition perspective and also the investments in the complex injectable are a little higher 
compared to normal injectables. So, investments will go into that. But we’ll evaluate on the 

 
Gland Pharma Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
dividend and all that when the time comes there and the Board has to decide based on the cash 
flow we have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Sumanta Bajpayee for closing comments. 
Sumanta Bajpayee: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your participation during the call. I 
request you to get in touch with me if any of your queries still remained unanswered. Thank you. 
Good night. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Gland Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
