29th January, 2022 
 
 
(1) 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department,                       
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500087 
 
 (2) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,    
 
         
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: CIPLA EQ 
 
(3) 
SOCIETE DE LA BOURSE DE LUXEMBOURG 
Societe Anonyme 
35A Boulevard Joseph II,  
L-1840 Luxembourg  
 
 
Sub: Q3 FY22 - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company’s Q3 FY22 earnings 
conference call dated 25th January, 2022. The transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website i.e. www.cipla.com under the Investors section.  
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cipla Limited 
 
 
 
Rajendra Chopra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepared by: Juzer Masta 
 
 
 
 
RAJENDR
A KUMAR 
CHOPRA
Digitally signed 
by RAJENDRA 
KUMAR CHOPRA 
Date: 2022.01.29 
11:59:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Cipla Limited Q3 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMANG VOHRA - MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GLOBAL CEO, CIPLA LTD. 
MR. KEDAR UPADHYE - GLOBAL CFO, CIPLA LTD. 
MR. NAVEEN BANSAL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
CIPLA LTD. 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Cipla Ltd. Q3 FY'22 Earnings Conference 
Call. From the Cipla management we have with us Mr. Umang Vohra - Managing Director and 
Global CEO; Mr. Kedar Upadhye - Global CFO; Mr. Naveen Bansal from the Investor Relations 
Team. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. I now hand over the call to Mr. Naveen Bansal. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Bansal: 
Thank you, Faizaan. Good morning and a very warm welcome to Cipla's quarter three earnings 
conference call. I am Naveen from the Investor Relations Team here at Cipla. 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call our discussion will include certain forward 
looking statements which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future events. 
These estimates reflect management's current expectations of the future performance of the 
company. Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties including the 
impact of COVID-19 that will cause our actual results to differ materially from what is expressed 
or implied. Cipla does not undertake any obligation to publically update any forward looking 
statement whether as a result of new confirmations which are events or otherwise. 
With that I would like to request Kedar to takeover, please. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Thank you, Naveen. Good evening to all of you and wish you a very happy new year. I hope 
that all of you and your families are safe and well. We appreciate your joining us today for the 
third quarter earnings call for FY22 and I hope you have received the investor presentation and 
other material that we have posted on the website. This quarter we are pleased to report a healthy 
performance. For the last almost 2 years we have been consistently beating our internal targets. 
We recorded revenue growth of 6% driven by robust momentum in branded markets of India 
and South Africa and continued traction in the US portfolio. Our EBITDA margin of 22.7% for 
the quarter tracks convincingly in terms of our full year guidance despite cost headwinds on raw 
materials and freight offset by increased share of the complex and chronic launches, continue  
rigor on cost control and operating efficiencies. Overall our delivery on revenue and profitability, 
as I said continue to be ahead of our targets. Our one India year-on-year growth of 13% continues 
the impressive run driven by sustained momentum across all businesses. Healthy order flow in 
the prescription business continued across all the therapies as well as regions in the trade 
generics. The consumer business saw consistent uptick in core and transitioned brands. The US 
revenue for the quarter was USD 150 million, one of the highest in recent quarters led by strong 
fraction in the respiratory and other portfolio. We have also received approval for the first 
505(b)(2) version of Lanreotide injection. Our South Africa private business maintains market 
meeting trajectory driven by steady launch momentum. The YTD EBITDA for 9 months is at 
23.1% of sales, tracks quite ahead with our full year guidance. As you are aware Q4 is a 
seasonally reverse quarter for India and our EBITDA appropriately will respond to the change 
in mix. 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Our free cash generation and operating efficiency continues to drive our strong net cash position 
despite strategic inventory buildup for maintaining adequate supply of medicines. The return on 
invested capital of 21.2% for trailing 12 months continues to track well above the long-term 
sustainable range that we have highlighted earlier. 
Coming to the financial performance, some of the specific highlights I would like to highlight, 
as expected the revenue of contribution of COVID products at the company level was lower on 
year-on-year basis. The COVID portfolio declined by almost 10% on year-on-year basis and 
17% sequentially. We do expect to see some traction in the coming quarter in line with the case 
loads amid the ongoing third wave in India. Our emerging market business continues to maintain 
strong growth in DTM markets. The order flow from developed markets in our API business has 
witnessed momentary slowdown and our mix has responded accordingly. We will see traction 
in orders from emerging markets and API Outlook remains robust. 
The total revenue for the quarter is Rs. 5,479 crores with a year-on-year growth of 6%, gross 
margin stood at 60.9% on a reported basis. The marginal decline on year-on-year basis of 55 
basis points, about 40 basis points on Q-on-Q basis is attributed to increase in freight and 
materials cost and certain provisions for the inventory including COVID products. We expect 
gross margins to respond to launches from complex pipeline in the coming quarters. Total 
expenses which include employee cost on others are at Rs. 2,105 crores declined by 2.4% on a 
sequential basis. Employee cost for the quarter is Rs. 872 crores which is flat on a sequential 
basis. Other expenses which include R&D, regulatory, quality, manufacturing and sales 
promotion are at Rs. 1,232 crores, the decline by 3.7% driven by strong cost control. We have 
retained the efficiencies from our reimagination and operational efficiency initiatives from last 
year while continuing our growth-linked investments which are driving the Y-o-Y increase in 
other expenses. 
Total R&D investment for the quarter is at Rs. 262 crores. All the priority projects continue to 
be on track. We expect these spends to increase as the respiratory assets progress in the clinical 
trials. 
Overall reported EBITDA for the quarter is at Rs. 1,243 crores or 22.7% of sales. Tax charge is 
Rs. 295 crores and the ETR is 28%. As of 31st December our long term debt stands at South 
African Rand 720 million. We also have working capital loans of USD 58 million, South African 
Rand 137 million and Australian dollar 5 million which act as natural hedges towards our 
receivables. Driven by our relentless focus on cash generation we continue to be a net cash 
positive company as of December 21. We continue to be appropriately hedged on key global 
currencies as per our policies. Finally just to conclude the board at its meeting held on 26th 
October, withdrew the scheme of arrangement for the proposed transfer of India based US 
business undertaking to Cipla Biotech Ltd. and the proposed transfer of the consumer business 
undertaking to Cipla Health Ltd. in favor of a more efficient mechanism to affect the transaction. 
Based on management proposal post the indepth reevaluation, the board has approved the 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
proposed transfer of the US business undertaking and consumer business undertaking by way of 
slump sale. 
We continue to believe that the transaction will simplify the structure, maximize the efficiencies 
and has the potential to unlock value for all the stakeholders of the company. 
To close, we saw impressive momentum across portfolio and geographies for 9 months, growth 
reversal in subsequent quarters will include continued momentum across all regions, securing 
market share in peptide assets, Lanreotide, coupled with traction in albuterol and arformoterol 
in US and driving expansion in the operating profitability above FY21 base by focusing on mix 
improvement and operational efficiencies. I would now like to invite Umang to present the 
business and operational performance. Thank you. 
Umang Vohra: 
Thank you, Kedar. I would like to wish all of you and your families, health and wellbeing. As 
COVID-19 continues to evolve across the globe with the new variants driving caseloads we 
continue to ensure availability of COVID and other lifesaving products. 
Coming to our strategic updates and operational performance for the quarter, I am proud of the 
strong launch and commercial momentum across our one India business with a 13% year-on-
year growth and 7% year-on-year growth in our US business, underpinned by the expanding 
respiratory franchise. Our EBITDA margins for the quarter came in at 22.7%, as Kedar 
mentioned earlier, ahead of our internal target and given the 23.1% YTD traction we are well 
placed to close the year in line with our guidance. In India our One India strategy is witnessing 
remarkable traction and achieving major milestones along the journey. The One India business 
maintains double digit growth momentum for the third quarter this year coming in at 13% year-
on-year. The core prescription business in India excluding COVID grew strongly by 16% on a 
year-on-year basis. The branded prescription business is on track to achieve the one billion dollar 
mark building a formidable franchise in our home market of India. Our customer engagement 
levels in our trade generic business has driven healthy orders from tier 2 and below towns in 
India. Some of our flagship generic brands in our trade generic business have grown past a 100 
crores mark and few others are crossing the 50 crores mark which speaks about the brand equity 
in these markets. We also plan to add high growth categories like anti diabetic and injectables to 
address unmet demand in the coming quarters. The branded prescription business continued the 
market beating growth for the third consecutive quarter in FY22 driven by sustained traction 
across almost all our therapies in core portfolio. 
As per IQVIA MAT December 21, we continue to maintain healthy ranks and market shares in 
our key therapy areas across respiratory, urology, anti-infective and cardiac. Our focus continues 
in creating depth in anti-diabetics and the oncology therapy building on existing and new 
partnerships with global multinational corporations. The trade generics business witness strong 
demand. We have launched 10 brands across cardiac and the diabetic range this year. To further 
strengthen the franchise plan to continue the launch momentum in FY'23. 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Coming to our consumer businesses, we are very happy to see how the business has shaped both 
in India and South Africa, almost contributing 8% to the company topline on a YTD basis. The 
India consumer business sustained robust traction in the anchor brands during the quarter driven 
by high consumer recall benefiting from the robust media campaign, the meaningful consumer 
insights throughout the year. 
Coming to North America, our US generic core formulation sales for the quarter came in at 150 
million beating the previous quarter high. This 150 million mark sets a new base for our business 
which hopefully will grow from these levels on the back of our upcoming launches. Our 
respiratory franchise continues with strong traction with 36% year-on-year growth. As per 
IQVIA week ending 21st December 2021, we are close to 15.9% share of the total albuterol 
market. And 26.8% share in the arformoterol overall market and our shares have continued to 
move out from the earlier levels. We expect the business runrate to continue to inch up further 
as we enter into the next year where we also expect to show growth over the pace of the current 
year. During the quarter we have unlocked on major peptide asset in the US with the approval 
of Lanreotide. We are expecting a sustainable ramp up over the medium term. Our focus will 
continue to expand our peptide portfolio through internal development and partnerships 
strengthening our high value complex generic pipeline. 
On Advair we remain closely engaged with the US FDA on our file and we will continue to 
share the updates on the progress. On our Goa plant we are awaiting to hear from the FDA on 
the inspection schedule. 
Coming to our SAGA Region which includes South Africa, Sub Saharan Africa and our Access 
business. South Africa private business reported a 16% robust growth over the last year for the 
quarter in local currency terms. In secondary terms, we continue to maintain market beating 
growth of 9.1% versus the 8% growth overall in the private market as per IQVIA MAT 
November 21. In the international markets we maintained scale close to last year base in US 
dollar terms. 
Our DTM franchise continue to witness strong momentum across market with steady double 
digit growth in secondary terms. In FY'22 we have made significant progress against our 
strategic priorities. We remained confident in our near to medium-term outlook due to the 
strength of our branded franchises and launch pipeline in the US and other markets. We have 
important launches in the coming quarters and we are gearing up for these launches in the near 
future. We are transforming our IPD manufacturing supply chain and quality operations to 
unlock efficiencies targeted to deliver higher performance and resilience serving our patients 
more effectively. 
Our innovation engine seeks to capitalize on the opportunities across the healthcare ecosystem 
leveraging data analytics and digital technologies to drive robust portfolio momentum and 
capital allocation. Our near-term priorities include continued execution on the demand levers 
and chronic and acute therapies, improvement in manpower productivity across our branded 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
markets of India and South Africa. Active advancement of our innovative consumer centric 
products to accelerate the augmentation of consumer wellness franchise across India and South 
Africa, grow our US Limited Competition launches footprint including peptides, as we continue 
to expand both the injectables and respiratory categories in North America. Focus on regulatory 
compliance across our manufacturing facilities and implement globally benchmarked ESG 
practices and continue our high vigil on cost and cash management while driving a sustainable 
expansion in operating margins and the return on capital employed. 
I would like to thank you for your attention. Wish you and your family good health and then 
request the moderator to open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
I have two questions. One is sir, if I look at your presentation, where we say priorities for FY'25, 
in between India, South Africa and Europe and other markets, we talk about driving sustainable 
growth through organic and inorganic levers. And over the last 2-3 years we have been looking 
at that we have been doing tie ups for onco or for biosimilar and these kind of products to grow 
the market or presence in these markets, so just want to understand when we talk of the levers 
for growth, is it like these tieups become a very important lever for us to continue growing or do 
you think from our own organic pipeline we have product launches which can sustain the growth 
or how should we understand between these tie ups, organic and probably inorganic acquisition? 
Umang Vohra: 
I think it is a good question. I think the sources, the answer is going to depend differently for 
different markets. So in the US, we would like to depend on our own organic momentum of 
products in the US and largely EU. Our own organic momentum of products will create a 
sustainable pace and we augment this with few partnerships where we think the partners bring 
very specific technology skills which are very relevant. So Lanreotide is a great example of this 
where we will augment for a significant product with the partnership. In India and branded 
markets the case is different. In India and branded markets though we are generic companies we 
try to, all of us are almost like innovators in this market. So there we try and strike partnerships 
with innovator companies to bring their products even before the patent gets expired. And this 
is important because under the patent regime in India there will be hardly any sources of products 
unless innovative products are introduced into the market and most innovators now partner with 
Indian pharmaceutical companies to bring these products before patents expire. So we have also 
partnering with these companies in India. So in the US, I think the partnership is around 
technology, in India the partnership is around product source because of the patent regime. And 
I think both of these are important partnerships going forward. 
Nikhil: 
Just one thing, when we talk of India and RoW markets, we generally say that the markets, the 
branded generic markets are growing at something in the range of 8% to 12% depending upon 
the years and all. So based on these partnerships and all, so not for the near term, but over a three 
to five years when you are talking about or thinking about these partnerships, it is like that 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
incremental 2% to 3% higher growth should come from the partnerships and the rest market 
beating growth when we talk about, so that incremental growth should come through the tie ups 
and rest through our organic pipeline. Just to as an investor if we have to understand how we 
should evaluate how these partnerships are like adding value to the company or to the business? 
Umang Vohra: 
I don't think we look at it that way, though it is a very interesting perspective you have added, 
we are just looking at above market growth as a function of our own portfolio, function of partner 
portfolio and driving strong volume growth. So you know volume growth may come out of some 
product families not from all and you know just the partnership anvil, I don't think we are saying 
we will grow at par with market and then add the partnership revenues we get from others, 
because it is difficult to split it that way. So our objective is to beat market growth and I think 
the way to do that is to probably look at our own portfolio plus partnered portfolio plus the 
volume growth. 
Nikhil: 
Just last question. If we look at it now when we talk of lung leadership and organic growth and 
the amount of cash which we are generating and if I divide it between 3 kinds of investment, one 
would be our own R&D as you mentioned organic growth for Europe and US lead by own 
products. Second would be the riskier assets like where probably the investment could happen, 
but we don’t know the exact outcomes. The outcome could be 0 or 1. And then third is the 
distribution towards the shareholders. So how is the management thinking about how the 
investment buckets would fall in based on the incremental cash which the company would be 
generating? How should we understand how you are thinking about this allocation? 
Umang Vohra: 
Maybe I can give a few statements that could help you. I understand where you are going from 
this thing. Our first priority is to drive a sustainable growth of our business. To that effect, we 
have created certain, we would like to, we have mentioned that we will grow, our attempt will 
be to grow both ROIC as well as our EBITDA in a certain range. And though we are now feeling 
confident that we can that, you know, EBITDA could continue to increase on the back of launch 
momentum etc., We are also talking calls to invest back in the business because right now we 
would like to see the growth journey of this business to be sustained over a period of time. If the 
call is, can you do 25% EBITDA and 5% growth, versus could you do 23.5% or 24% EBITDA 
and 10% growth. We are likely to fall back on getting more growth over the long term. So we 
are actively reinvesting back in the business. The second question is, you asked about R&D, we 
have generally given a guidance range that we will not expect our R&D in years where we have 
bulky and chunky R&D to be more than 7%-7.5%. So we are very clear about how much money 
we will invest in R&D and where the focus will be to grow our topline. So these are two broad 
yardsticks that you could use while our objective is to improve our EBITDA trajectory further. 
We are going to try and reinvest money back into the business to support growth. From a 
shareholder perspective this is more the board decide, I think based on where they think 
depending on where, how we see our capital needs for the future and a benchmark performance 
of companies that we see in the market and I think based on that it has been probably our first 
or first one and a half year of cash surplus. Dividend strategy is decided by the board in terms 
of how to return money back to the shareholder. 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC Securities and 
Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My first question is on some of your key launches which you are expecting to come in say second 
half of next fiscal. So can you update us on the state of your filing for abraxane and advair 
because last quarter you mentioned you need to do some study for abraxane, so maybe on these 
two key asset you can share some updates? 
Umang Vohra: 
Certainly. I think both we have been, Advair I mentioned in our speech that we are waiting for 
the FDA, we are in correspondence with them and I think we are waiting for the regular update 
that comes from them with risk and questions with regards to our file. So I think that is on 
Advair. And on Abraxane, which is Nano Paclitaxel we are furnishing some more data to the 
FDA. Our believe is that the market could form in April with the first players launch. But we 
believe that the nature of this product may not resolve in the total market formation because of 
the supply that both the innovator and some of the generic companies will face inorder to satisfy 
the market. So we think this is a good asset for the long term and the market will stay limited for 
a very long period of time. We still have some, they have asked us questions and we still have 
some data that we are submitting to the FDA. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So very broadly you remain on your I would say earlier specific timeline of these launches in 
second half next fiscal. Should we work with that assumption? 
Umang Vohra: 
Well, each launch is different, both of these are different, but yes we have guided that our second 
half of the year will have more launches compared to the first. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My second question is on Lanreotide approval, so have you launched the product in market and 
how many such peptide product you have in your pipeline? 
Umang Vohra: 
I can't give you the specific numbers. And as I mentioned we will try and Lanreotide to build a 
sustainable share over a medium term and right now we are in the process of accessing the 
market and there will be launch correspondingly in this quarter sooner or rather than later. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Where this product will be manufactured? 
Umang Vohra: 
We are not disclosing that, but it is at our partner site. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash: 
My question is on the India business, since we had a launch, over 9 month if you see there has 
been COVID contribution. How do we see this business for next year given that we are doing 
fairly well in our base portfolio? Do we expect flattish performance or how do we look at it? 
And what is the COVID contribution for 9 months base? 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Kedar Upadhye: 
So, Prakash, we are not disclosing specifically the COVID contribution for one specific business 
but as I mentioned from quarter two to quarter three there is a large decline at the company level 
in terms of the contribution and depending upon how quarter four evolves, the number of cases 
evolve, I think that could get to be, obviously our responsibility is to serve with as much demand 
as we face in India and other markets. Vis-à-vis the next year our thoughts are still being shaped 
by all these evolving developments. What we are happy is and you could have seen that in our 
presentation, Prakash, is all the key therapies, respiratory, urology, cardio, overall chronic, acute, 
I think we are experiencing strong growth. So it would be tough to for us to exclude COVID and 
talk only on non-COVID because some part of COVID in our view might continue in year as 
well. So maybe in the May call when we announce full year result that maybe a baseline for us 
to give some clue into next year. But growth continues strong in Rx business, Gx business and 
consumer health business. And just to add, I think couple of deals we had announced. So I think 
maybe you should factor the contribution from some of these deals that we had announced in 
the past which will get commercialized now, hereafter. 
Prakash: 
And secondly moving to R&D. So the peptide approval that you have got must be like 2-3 years 
back kind of R&D work you might have done. Trying to understand what is the next level of 
R&D work you are doing which we will see approvals filing over the next 2-5 years. So one is 
peptide, one is respiratory inhalation. What are the other areas we have already worked on and 
what we plan to work for the next 2-5 years? 
Umang Vohra: 
I don’t think, Prakash, I am not sure we will give this level of information. I can just say that on 
respiratory of course we will want to cover as many assets as we can. On some of the other 
injectable assets, you know there are outside of peptide there are different technology platforms 
around the release characteristics of this drug and encapsulation of injectable products. Those 
are some of the things we will begin to build out. They are not easy technology platforms and 
some of these maybe partnered, some may be add on. And it will take us time to internalize this. 
So I think longer term that is where we want to go and I think we are working towards it but it 
is quite a leap for us also to make in terms of getting there and I think we are confident that with 
the right focus we will be able to do it. 
Prakash: 
When you say partnered how do we see the financial aspect of it? I mean these are just contract 
manufacturers or these also have contribution in terms of funding and doing some trials? 
Umang Vohra: 
There could be both. Some of these could be early partnerships where the risk is largely taken 
by Cipla, some of these in the nature of partnership where Cipla and the partner both take equal 
risks and some are just basically manufacturing arena. So I think it will be all three depending 
on the asset and our relative ability to do it ourselves versus the need to bring in a partner who 
has mastered the technical complexity of the asset. 
Prakash: 
And R&D we should build it 4% to 5% only or do you think with these kind of more deals 
happening et cetera. 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Umang Vohra: 
No, I think it will go up. It should go up. I think next year definitely we are penciling in a slightly 
higher R&D and whatever it maybe, it will never by higher than 7%-7.5% that we have set as a 
target for ourselves. So it will be slightly higher than this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
My question is on One India play. So what is the really, where we are seeing the benefit of One 
India in say Rx, Gx and consumer? And second question is now we have been seeing that 
platform-based pharma launches are happening with trade generics, so how that will can disrupt 
the whole trade generic business and what are our strategy to make that kind of disruption? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
So, Bharatji between our prescription generics and consumer healthcare business, I think the 
synergy exists on several counts. I think portfolio is one, supply chain and distribution is another. 
Some of the capabilities for campaigns, advertisements, ATL spends is third. And overall brand 
name and expertize in terms of digital analytics that is four. So I think there are several angles 
Bharatji in which we could leverage and we are leveraging between these three businesses. There 
is an active work stream which we have been speaking about for some of the brands which are 
in generics business, which have very high recall and those are actually consumer brands and 
those are being contributed heavily by CHL business either through their own channel, model 
trade and in terms of approaching consumers, converting it to an almost like a B2C kind of 
brands. So some of this is already in the numbers, Bharatji and we believe that going forward 
there is very strong synergy across all these angles. We are particularly excited and interested 
on two counts. One is the consumerization, as I mentioned secondly the digital aspect. So digital 
analytic reaching healthcare practitioners, reaching channel partners, analyzing brick-by-brick 
throughout the Indian demography and targeting specifically for particular region, particular 
therapy. I think those are the avenues in which we are seeing an enormous power for all our 
three businesses. And obviously as I said I think the performance is in the current numbers as 
well and are hopeful that it will shape up to become a more dominant engine in the coming year. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And this several platform company which are I mean owned by large industry and they are 
planning to launch several private label. So how that can affect our trade generic business? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
See, actually we do have. I mean we have been watching, all of us are watching some of this 
evolving developments in the e-pharmacy or other, be it teleconferencing or other avenues and 
platforms in which newer companies are reaching patience directly, not even channel partners. 
I think we are watching, we have our plans in mind, some of the plans are being executed as we 
speak. In our view I think the strength of the reputation, the corporate reputation, the strength of 
individual in all these three business and the execution engine that we have built in is one hedge 
for us to offset and going forward I think you have to deploy several strategy, it would be tough 
to enumerate today all of those. But we are conscious of that possibility of disruption and we are 
working out for it. 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Aggarwal from Credit Suisse. Please 
go ahead. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
First question, Lanreotide, I am just trying to understand this product. In general, how many new 
patients start on this Lanreotide annually as a percentage of total patients? Can you give some 
rough idea? 
Umang Vohra: 
Anubhav it is a little complicated and I will tell you why. There is a historical average which we 
have. But the historical average is also changing because there is octreotide which also we have 
heard there will be generic competition on and there has been some supply issues with octreotide 
in the market as well. So the two products at some points overlap an interface for a few 
indications in the market and I think that is the issue why we are seeing that Lanreotide growth 
has been high and of course there has also been value growth that every year it does take on their 
portfolio, so it is a little difficult to estimate what are two new starts because of this mix. But we 
have an historical average and of the total patient pool I don't think the number of new starts is 
very significant from a Lanreotide perspective, but it is right now the data is convoluted because 
of some amount of interfaces with octreotide. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
But even just to get some idea that historical number will be 10%-20% or even less than that. 
Umang Vohra  
Yes, I would think that ballpark you are in the right range. Maybe towards the lower aspect of 
the 10%-20% that you mentioned. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
And would it be safe to assume that your ability to take market share of new will be very high 
and existing guys may not shift to your product and that is the reason you are guiding for a very 
slower ramp up here? 
Umang Vohra: 
I am not sure that we look at the market necessarily from the new and the old. I think we are also 
learning this market and our objective is to build a sustainable share over a medium term. 
Sustainable from a perspective of what we can supply as well as where we think this equation 
will stand out in the market. So Yes, I am not sure that it will just, the division will only be new 
versus old. But it will be also guided by the way we can supply the market and how much we 
believe we can do. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
And just couple of more questions on this. So in terms of let us say going and talking to each of 
the hospitals, so will it be like just talking to some of the GPOs, like promoting a normal 
injectable product, or pushing a normal injectable product versus pushing Lanreotide is there 
any difference or is it the same thing that is going to GPO and doesn't have? 
Umang Vohra: 
No, I think this is also very significant clinic product, Anubhav. So I think it will be a mixture 
of the clinics and GPOs and if the market, even I think the market is generally for these fairly 
well established. So I don't think the outreach is more significant than a conventional health 
system approach to the market. So I don't think it will require, if your question is that would it 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
require significantly more than the way you operate and the health systems based today, no it 
won't. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
And in terms of the formulary coverage, so typically generics get an advantage, but in this one 
let us say if any doctors thinking about an existing patient will he be incentivized enough not by 
you but let us say PBM probably, to use a generic versus the brand? 
Umang Vohra: 
Well, I am not sure that we understand that part of the market that well. And I don’t know how, 
I don’t know whether that is going to work. I think our primary route would still be through the 
clinics and the GPOs. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
And second question is, you mentioned about one of the complex injectable launch in fiscal 24, 
from a portfolio representation, just want to understand that broadly can that be as meaningful 
as Lanreotide or in that stature in terms of contribution? 
Umang Vohra: 
You are referring to, Anubhav, our presentation? 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Yes, Investor Meet of January. 
Umang Vohra: 
JPM? 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Yes, correct. 
Umang Vohra: 
I think Lanreotide because of the timing is obviously because we are the only generic player, I 
think the connotation is different. I think that other product may have more competition than just 
us being alone in the market, but it is a question of timing. When we started Lanreotide, we also 
thought we will not be the first to enter this market. So, I think it depends on the number of 
competition but it is a meaningful asset maybe not as meaningful as Lanreotide. But it is 
definitely meaningful. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
Can I ask one more question on consumer wellness portfolio? 
Umang Vohra: 
Please. 
Anubhav Aggarwal: 
So you have transitioned certain products, that you have already done 10-12 products over there, 
but let us say some of the large products which are yet to be transitioned, just an example, what 
is stopping you from transferring this right now from Gx to the health, that is one question. 
Second question is, that is more general question. Once the product is transferred from Gx to let 
us say consumer portfolio, do you reduce channel discount because now you are putting more 
resources behind albuterol, sizing it or let us say that is a more phased out process. At some point 
of time you go ahead and reduce the discount to the channel margin, can you just talk about 
these two, please? 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Umang Vohra: 
I think, so firstly what is stopping is, I don’t think there is specifically anything stopping. The 
board has today approved the scheme of through the slump sale. So I don’t think there is anything 
stopping us. The question is how do we grade this over a period of time considering the timing 
of the shift as well as considering what we believe could be the impact on several other 
businesses that we run. So one is the ability of the business we are transferring to their ability to 
absorb it, the second would be the ability of the transferring business to street and the timing in 
the market on when is the right time to do it. So I think there is nothing stopping us. It is a 
function of how we grade the transfer. I think on the margin piece, I will just say that it is a 
mixture, there is no, it is product to product. Sometimes margin corrections happen overnight, 
sometimes they happen an over a period of time depending on how much we think the equity of 
the product in the market is. And I think it is a function of both of these, but yes, the general 
trend is that you transfer, you kind of reduce margins and you take up your advertising spend to 
create demand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
My first question is on the outlook, FY'25 or till the time the outlook that you have given for the 
US market, that you are saying that incremental 300 million to 500 million odd revenue can be 
added annually. So by that are we bit more conservative, considering the potential of revlimid 
and products like advair and so, considering these two products potential contribution in itself, 
either we are bit more conservative here or we are anticipating larger than expected competition 
for revlimid. Could you please clarify on this, sir? 
Umang Vohra: 
I think Kedar, maybe you can take this. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Surya, we had spoken about this targets a year back, in the last year January month and from 
that vantage point we have said there is a possibility of 300 to 500. Look, when you pan out 
future launches and multiple variables which will shape those launches and incremental growth, 
in a market like US, over the 5-year time frame you are going to be right for some assumptions 
and you are probably not going to be right for some assumptions. So I think how competition 
would evolve, how pricing will evolve, how our ability to take share would increase in some 
pockets and all, see I think all these factors depend and eventually will determine where you will 
get into it, we feel that 300 to 500 is ambitious enough because our base that time was around 
500 or so, when we spoke a year back. And as things stand today we have progressed well. The 
early indicators are quite positive. Our ability to take share, our ability to service the needs of 
the market, our ability to seamlessly ensure supply chain and compete wherever we have to 
compete in case of additional competition and most importantly the development and regulatory 
engine, I think everything is working fine, Surya. Now this is, the 300 to 500 is a congregation 
of several assets and some of those are filed, some of those are yet to be filed, some of those are 
quite ahead in the review process. So what we would not do probably is to attach any word 
whether conservative or not conservative, but what I am just saying, the external business 
environment and our ability to respond to it would shape up this opportunity and in our view it 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
is ambitious enough. There is no conservatism in anything. We are internally for every launch. 
We take it very seriously and very meaningfully and there is no conservatism. We go all out. 
What we avoid is getting very disruptive on pricing, I think. Our attempt is to be very responsible 
on pricing. So that is the only thing I would caveat and Yes, that is it. 
Surya Patra: 
And my second point, if you can just give some clarity about your China thought process, so 
how critical that could be for the, in the overall revenue mix, how critical that could be let us say 
three year down the line? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Projects, when you expand into new countries and especially when there are multiple layers for 
approval and listings in hospitals and regions and then several regulatory pathways of filing 
through local manufacturing or through Indian manufacturing. I think those plans play out Surya 
over fairly long term. So I mean to answer your question from a 1 to 3 year standpoint it may 
not be as meaningful. But we have the plant really now as you know and the capability has been 
built in, the initial set of batches are being taken, we are excited because it is what, the second 
largest pharma market globally. So we are excited and there is lot of respiratory potential in that 
market. We are excited but to answer your specific question from 1-2-3 year standpoint it may 
not be relevant, I think going forward it would shape in the subsequent years to be probably 
meaningful forward, emerging market franchise. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nithya Balasubramanian from Bernstein 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Nithya Balasubramanian: Sir, I have a follow-up on Lanreotide, I am going to squeeze in one more. So Lanreotide, one is, 
given that it is a complex product and it is relatively difficult manufacturing. Is your partner 
geared upto let us say help you get like 20%-25% of the market, is the manufacturing ready? 
Two, given that you are not therapeutically equal in product what incremental commercial 
infrastructure investment will this product require and the next one is actually on expenses. So 
excluding R&D your expenses seems to be trending down. Should we assume that 3Q was 
largely a normal quarter in terms of India sales force expenses etc. is this the new normal? 
Umang Vohra: 
Can I request Kedar to take on third one first and maybe Nithya I will come back to answer the 
first two. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
So I think most part of the quarter, Nithya, the last one of the field force was in operation and as 
we keep saying our attempt was to secure and safeguard some of the efficiencies that we deliver 
last year through re-imagination exercises and some of the pivotal initiatives, so I think some of 
those seems to be working and business model across the regions and at an overall company 
level it is fairly optimal now, although we still feel there are some opportunities to execute. So 
given all of this I think you should treat quarter 3 as a base and subsequent to, as you know we 
have often said, the large part of our opex is very responsive to the sales in multiple geographies 
based up on the commission discount and other arrangements that we have. So I think the 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
expense is good response to sales volume and value. But overall, I think you should treat Q3 as 
a base quarter, Nithya. 
Umang Vohra: 
There are two more questions she has asked. I think the second one that you asked was on 
whether there I believe there is an incremental amount of infrastructure required to drive this 
and our understanding of the market right now is no, our current infrastructure will drive it. The 
first question was on the capacity etc. Look I think the partner that we have is also a partner that 
understands his product well and we have a certain internal target of where we want to get and 
I think the partner is geared up to supply to that target and we have guided it in the sustainable 
over a midterm period. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
I think you and I need to ask some questions on the Lanreotide. So here I go. So Umang, can 
you just share how is the product different from the innovator that you had to take 505(b)(2) 
route and second is, you mentioned sustainable market share over midterm, if I just have to have 
some incline, so are you looking at double digit market share, exact market share by end of next 
year fiscal, is that realistic? 
Umang Vohra: 
So Sameer, let me mention, I think we will not divulge information on the specific target per 
share et cetera. All I can say is that as I mentioned whatever is sustainable over a medium term 
I think that is where we will go because I think at this point the product is also competitive in 
the market place and we don't want to divulge too much of information on it. The first part on 
the how the product is different, I think we can have a separate discussion. We are happy to 
provide that visibility to do to you, but it is largely around things we have used to offset the 
patents etc. that at one time around the product. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Umang, just is your device ready to use or is it needle assembled? 
Umang Vohra: 
The device, what do you mean by ready to use, Sameer? 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
So, that is the new form that the innovator has transitioned to where you don't need to assemble 
the needle while injecting. 
Umang Vohra: 
In that manner we are ready to use. Can you go back and tell me what was your earlier question? 
So your question is, there is no need of mixing any diluent or anything into the product, if that 
is the question you are raising. If you are saying does the needle have to fixed on the product, 
yes, the needle has to be fixed on the product. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Versus I think the innovator device where you don't need to, that is bit different? 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Umang Vohra: 
They changed some part of that device in the past as well, and that is correct. Right now they 
are all preassembled. The ready to use connotation is actually fairly different in the injectable 
space which is why, I asked you what you mean, because generally RTUs are more, no need of 
diluent, no need of anything else within the clinic setting. So that why assembly wise we need 
to assemble, I am told the innovator product is preassembled. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
But keeping the semantics aside, does the device difference makes a difference, from the 
commercialization of the product? 
Umang Vohra: 
We believe not, Sameer. But I think it is a function of acceptability of the product in the market. 
So we don't think so. But you know that is out of our experience so far in this area of the market 
and I think as the market as we begin to understand the market more and launch in the market 
there will be more information. But right now our assumption is no. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
And just one final on this, Umang, I know you can't say much, but what is the commercial 
arrangement between you and your partner. Is it like more or less the industry standard 50:50 
profit share plus or minus or is it very different from that? 
Umang Vohra: 
I could say broadly we are there. But there are some launches here, so broadly. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Just one final question with your permission if I may. I saw that you have filed for two respiratory 
products in Europe. So just broadly taking 3- or 4-year view, how do you compare the respiratory 
opportunity in Europe versus the US in terms of addressable market and the competitive 
dynamics. If you make $100 in US would you make $20-$30 in Europe or much more than that? 
Umang Vohra: 
Sameer, it is again a function of our market entry. I think Europe is more sensitive to market 
entry than the US is on this product. So in the US if you are even third or fourth player because 
of the volumes in the market and people can carve out their own shares and stay sustainable. So 
Albuterol for example there are so many people who have launched into the market but the 
market is still attractive for many players. Whereas in Europe I think that equation changes very 
rapidly after the second or third entrant, I think the market begins to be more responsive on price 
than you have seen in the US. So yes, I think the Europe potential is significantly low compared 
to the US, but it depends on your market entry and your timing. So if you are number two or 
three in Europe I think it can still be an asset which could well be 20%-30% of the US likely 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. Please 
go ahead. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Umang, we had the investment in avenue which obviously we have terminated. But I think that 
investment still continues. In lot of your presentations in off late when it comes to the US 
business we have talked about respiratory and injectable largely being the area that we investing 
in. So is it fair to assume that specialty is something that we are not looking at. It is completely 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
out of question, or do you think that is still open and you will explore that based on what 
opportunities come your way? 
Umang Vohra: 
Neha, I think on the specialty path, the Pulmatrix asset which is the respiratory antifungal inhaled 
antifungal acid for aspergillosis, that is continuing on its path. We continue to sell plazomicin in 
the US. It was intended to be our second asset after the tramadol asset from avenue. And I think 
avenue unfortunately the asset has not progressed forward. So specialty, the strategy is always 
built around an asset, the central asset. And now Plazomicin is taking the load for everything 
and the asset Plazomicin was never intended to be a big asset. So we are discussing strategically. 
In the absence let us say, in the case the tramadol does not go ahead any further as an asset, 
anyway our rights to tramadol have ceased. We are now only an equity investor. So if we don't 
have tramadol in our portfolio then there has to be some amount of rethink on what we do with 
Plazomicin and what would be the asset that would come in its place. So we are actively in 
discussion on this. But the asset on the respiratory space which is the inhaled antifungal that is 
proceeding in its clinic so it is proceeding ahead with the partner. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir, just to understand this correctly, we are looking at opportunities and depending on what 
comes our view we will decide whether we would like to invest further in that business or not 
assuming tramadol does not happen. 
Umang Vohra: 
Yes, so assuming tramadol does not happen we will need to find a lead asset. Because Zemdri 
is not a lead asset, it is smaller niche asset and it can be below that of the whole portfolio. So 
that is the stage we are in with respect to those two assets but respiratory asset that we had that 
is in the clinic and it is going on.  
Neha Manpuria: 
And when we are looking at these opportunities, is there for example we already have one 
respiratory asset, tramadol was more a pain asset, but it was a fairly large opportunity. How we 
are thinking about what opportunities we could look at. I mean is it fair to assume it would be a 
tramadol type opportunity which might not necessarily require a large commercial footprint? 
Umang Vohra: 
No, I think we don't want to invest too much money on huge commercial footprint. I think that 
we are clear about. But one of the things we have also gone back and tried to tweak and change 
and we are actually in the middle of that is that we must have our own, some pipeline assets that 
come from our own labs, they are really small. They maybe 30 million or 40 million in size or 
20 million or between 20 to 50 million in size, but what happens is when you have an asset that 
does not come or asset disappoints in a late phase 3 trial, you have the ability to at least cover it 
up with something that is within your stable. So when we did tramadol et cetera, we didn’t have 
this pipeline backing. And now we are at a point wherein about a year and a half, two years we 
might have at least some of these assets closed to filing, they may not be big but at least they 
add the portfolio bit and momentum for our specialty journey. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And one other question on the India business. Given that we are talking about entering into new 
category, you talked about anti diabetic and injectable in your opening remark and even in your 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
recent presentation, so is it fair to understand that, the penetration level of our existing brands is 
getting slower and therefore we need more such launches and probably these partnered product 
to maintain the strong momentum that we have started seeing in India. Is that one of the changes 
or am I reading that incorrectly. 
Umang Vohra: 
I think it is both because really there is no product source unless you partner with an innovator. 
I think the days where you could do changed formulation or the addition of an excipients and re-
launch the formulation, I mean those days are there but realistically the band that you get out of 
that is much lesser. So if you really want to bring more products and more innovative products 
into the more products which are patent protected and innovation driven, you have to partner 
with the multinational corporation is my view because there is no other way to get innovation 
into India. So it is a mix of both. It gives us growth and it is certainly driving growth for us, but 
it is also in my view, and also in absolute necessity because why would for example yesterday 
there was news that Novo Nordisk is launching the oral Semaglutide in the marketing India, now 
that is a great product. If it was not Novo themselves and supposing Novo would looking for a 
partner, many Indian companies would have offered the partner for this. The therapy is a game 
changer, right? So why would anyone sit out when there is innovation that we can bring to this 
market which can spurt the market growth and create the unmet need demand. 
Neha Manpuria: 
See, in that case we need to get more such partner product and that we are launching new division 
which would probably require investment in expanding our MR coverage. Would that mean that 
incremental growth in India is coming at lower margin? 
Umang Vohra: 
I think to some extent you could say that because the partner also shares here, right, in their 
thing. But I think what is changing is, Neha, there is a very active reallocation of capital that is 
happening across India by all the Indian companies. And I think what that reallocation of capital 
is doing is that it is taking capital and putting it around the assets on the brands that you want to 
create formidable franchise link. So what happens is I don’t think the infrastructure requirement 
of launching products from innovators is anything new for the top 10 or 15 Indian companies, 
because everyone will have a cardiac field force, everyone will have a diabetic field force and 
every time there is a new product that comes in, I think this kind of eliminate the tail, all of us 
eliminate the tail of product that we are selling currently so that productivity is maintained. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just would like to understand again on the India part, like how is the profitability now in 
terms of the branded prescription and consumer health and trade generics either in terms of the 
pecking order or maybe broad range if you could highlight? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Tushar, more or less prescription business and generics business profitability was close to each 
other although not equal. So prescription business is a bit higher than generics business. Both 
are convincingly higher than the company EBITDA and consumer business as you know will 

 
Cipla Limited 
January 25, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
reach breakeven fast with the current set of portfolio, which means the earlier launch product 
are breakeven in fact generating significant money which funds the subsequent launches. So I 
think that engine is working well, Tushar. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And lastly also maybe for 9 months or for 3 months if you could breakdown this India business 
proportion into branded trade and consumer health? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
I can come back to you on Tushar separately on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Naveen for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Bansal: 
Thank you so much, Faizan. Thank you everyone for joining us today for the quarter 3 earnings 
call. In case you have any follow on questions, feel free to reach out to either myself or Ankit or 
write to us at investor.relations@cipla.com. Have a good evening. Thank you so much for 
joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Cipla Ltd. that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
