2 February 2022 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
Subject: 
Submission of Transcripts of earnings conference call 
We hereby submitting a transcript of Earnings Conference Call held by the Management of the 
Company with investors on Monday, 31 January 2022 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss the Standalone 
and Consolidated Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended 31 December 
2021. 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Enclosure: As above 

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV GANDHI – CEO AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MRS. PRIYA GANDHI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. NIKHIL JHANWAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MITESH SHAH – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hester Biosciences Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the 
operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mitesh Shah from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mitesh Shah: 
Thanks Lizann. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Hester's Q3 and 9 months FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. We have the senior management, Mr. Rajiv Gandhi - CEO and 
Managing Director; Mrs. Priya Gandhi - Executive Director and Mr. Nikhil Jhanwar - Chief 
Financial Officer participating in this call. I thank the management who give ICICI Securities 
the opportunity to host this call. Over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Good afternoon. I was just cut off and I just got reconnected, so I hope I have not missed 
anything. I just heard your last sentence, but good afternoon everybody, I am Rajiv Gandhi - 
CEO and Managing Director, Hester Biosciences and as always nice to connect with all of you 
and talk to you about the general functioning of the company. Today, we are here to talk on the 
third quarter and the cumulative 9-month results for this financial year FY22. While the press 
note which has been published has, we have tried to be as elaborate as possible, nonetheless, I 
would like to just go through a few highlights and then I would request all of you to ask me 
whatever questions you have. 
So for the quarter gone by as well as for the 9 months gone by, as you see on a quarter to quarter 
basis, the revenues have gone up only by 2% and there has been a dip in the profit while on the 
9-month level, the revenues have gone up by 16% and the profit has gone up by 11%, to address 
the low revenue growth and the drop in net profit. Q3 for the financial year FY21, though it was 
the COVID year, it was an exceptional quarter for us, in fact Q3 last year as well as Q4 last year, 
both were exceptional because there was a major poultry disease outbreak in the whole country 
which led to a spurt of demand for a few poultry vaccines, so on a comparative basis and this 
quarter it has been going on in the normal way the growth has been normal, therefore, on a 
quarter to quarter basis, it definitely appears that there has been some, there is hardly any growth. 
And talking about the profit, in FY21, due to the COVID period, the profitability also was again 
exceptionally high because at that time there was no movement of our sales people, there were 
no cost adding to the communications, travel, etc., for the sales people, though there was a big 
demand for poultry vaccines, so both combined has impact on a comparative basis on Q3 basis. 
Another thing which I would like to highlight is that on a year-on-year basis, we have always 
had an additional income in the form of licensing fees as well as services. If you look at our 
FY22 Q3 quarter there has been no license fees while in the corresponding quarter, FY21 there 
was a licensing fee of a little over 3 crores and if you look at a 9-month ending period, we had 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
around 10 crores of licensing fees and service while in this year, we have had totally only 3.65. 
So if we look at it, as that is also to be added in the revenues, therefore, it appears that our 
turnover has gone up by only 2% on a quarter basis, but if you really remove that and if you look 
at our pure product sales, it is actually up by 9% and if you look on a 9 monthly basis, it is 
actually up by 23%. 
Coming onto the product that is the bifurcation in our cases, vaccines and health products, the 
growth between the two compared quarters is 0 as I told you we had an immense big demand 
during the COVID year in FY21 for the poultry vaccines which this year we have been having 
normal sale. So on a quarter to quarter basis, in Q3 the growth in vaccines is 0 and on a 9 monthly 
basis, the growth is being shown as 16%, but if you see on the health product side, on a quarter 
to quarter we have grown 42% and on a 9 month to a 9 month basis, we have grown to 49%. So 
overall, if you would analyze in terms of sales, whereas it does not show that, but there has been 
some growth as far as sales is concerned. 
Talking about the profitability as far as the gross profit and the net margins, etc., all are 
concerned, as we are again comparing on a quarter to quarter when last year the expenses were 
less and the sales were very high, therefore definitely it has impacted and it has shown that there 
is a dip in our profitability and that dip also on a 9-month basis is seen because of the cumulative 
effect as last year the expenses were reasonably less all throughout the year. 
Talking about the other developments as far as Hester Biosciences is concerned, we have been 
working on 3 vaccines that is the classical swine fear, the lumpy skin disease and the sheep pox 
vaccine and we hope to launch all these three vaccines in the first quarter of the next financial 
year. All these vaccines are in the final stage of their quality control test as well as regulatory 
approvals at this point of time. On the PPR side, I would like to say that the government of India 
had issued a tender for the buying of PPR vaccines, it was the national tender. We as Hester 
Biosciences India participated in the tender and we were L1 and we have got the contract for the 
supply for the PPR vaccines for the next 2 years as per the tender and that total quantity would 
be approximately 20 crores doses of vaccines in 2 years' time. Taking a price of it a little over 
Re. 1, we could easily say that our sales should be up by around, it would contribute to around 
20 to 25 crores of sales in the next two years additional to what we have been doing so far, just 
on the PPR vaccines in itself. The animal health division, we are pushing it and we are making 
it grow, we are adding products, we are adding manpower, we are adding new territories and we 
hope to continue grow this division in India at a much faster rate than what the vaccine division 
will grow, because the baseline also for the health products is small as well as the market overall 
for health products in absolute rupee terms is much more bigger than the total market for the 
vaccines which are totally being manufactured by us. 
Talking about our capacity enhancement projects, there are two projects that we are currently 
working on, one is increasing our capacity for the bulk antigen and second is, increase the 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
capacity for the fill finish, for the finished vaccines. Both these projects are going as per the 
scheduled plan for completion, for implementation and we are very confident that by the end of 
Q4, we would be able to make the first vaccine in this. In Q4 we would be able to commercialize 
both these current expansions and with this expansion, our quantity would go up by 100% in 
terms of our capability to make the current vaccines which we are already manufacturing. 
Coming to our subsidiaries, Hester Africa, we have received the licenses for the manufacturing, 
we have taken a few batches. Just 5 days ago, we had the final inspection for allowing us to start 
the marketing of the vaccines. The inspection has already gone through. We are awaiting the 
final report. Informally, we have already been told that we would be allowed to start the 
marketing in Hester Africa, so in the next 4 to 5 days, we should be making the first invoice out 
of Hester Africa which would be a big historic event for us, yes, the sales would slowly build 
up, it is not that the day we get the permission, it would be a very big buildup sales, but we have 
taken 3 vaccines in production, the batches are ready for sale, one is the PPR Vaccine - Nigerian 
Strain that is used in Africa; second is the Newcastle Disease Vaccine for the poultry and the 
third is the CBPP, the full form is Contagious Bovine Pleuropneumonia Vaccine, so that is the 
third vaccine. We have already taken the batches and hopefully in the next few days we should 
be launching them. Texas Life Science continues to grow in as much proportion as what our 
health product business is growing because all our products are being produced over there and 
being marketed by us in Hester. 
Coming to Hester Nepal, there has been some progress at Hester Nepal and we are further 
pushing the progress, the PPR tenders from FAO have just started trickling in and we are hoping 
that by the end of this financial year, we would actually cross the turnover that we had in the 
FY20, FY21 was very bad because of COVID there were no tenders, no movement, no flights 
coming in and out of Kathmandu and as you are aware, all our vaccines are only shipped through 
air, there is nothing that is send by sea. Another interesting thing which I would like to highlight 
which probably I might have highlighted in the earlier quarterly call is that OIE which is the 
World Animal Health Organization, it is a French organization, OIE, earlier it was a French 
name OIE, but now they just use the word OIE, the full form is the World Animal Health 
Organization. They had put out the tender to create a vaccine bank for PPR vaccine. There were 
two companies that have won the tender, one is us and one is another Moroccan company. That 
business was to have started in this quarter, unfortunately it has not yet started, but if that 
business starts, hopefully in this quarter, we are very hopeful that in itself would recover, make 
us recover completely out of all the current situation that we are in at this point of time. 
Talking about Hester Tanzania, our trading entity, the trading entity, we are working on the 
trading entity, at the same time we have acquired 50% stake in another trading entity in Africa 
wherein we want to transfer all the trading activity that is Thrishool Exim and through there we 
will now build up the whole trading activity and the base it itself with Thrishool would be more 
than 4 million because that is what is expected to be done in this year as against the smaller 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
turnover that we earlier had in Hester Tanzania. Hester Trishul looks very promising and there 
are many initiatives in trading that we have embarked on and we are confident that this will 
become a very big venture as far as we are concerned. 
Last but not the least, coming back to Hester India, we have now taken a decision to launch a 
pets division. This is a new division that would be launched soon. I would just request Priya to 
talk on this division. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Good afternoon everyone, so I think in the last press note, we had mentioned that we would be 
coming up with a pet division, so from that time until right now, there has been some progress 
at the backend wherein we have started identifying people, geographies, products that we want 
to get into. To begin with, it will mostly be pharmaceutical products and not biological which 
is, I mean Hester's trend has always been biological, but this time we are taking another approach 
wherein we are first starting with healthcare products and then we will slowly move onto 
vaccines in this particular division and we are hopeful that we will be launching first few 
products by the end of this upcoming quarter which is Q4 and in the next financial year, may be 
in the third or the fourth quarter, we would probably have the full range of products that we 
intend to launch. Thank you. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So that makes us give an overall of all the things happening at Hester. That completes our 
presentation. Over to all of you for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync Services. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sir, I have two questions, number one is regarding the COVID vaccines which we are preparing, 
so in our press release also and also in our initial address we have mentioned about spectacular 
growth which we are expecting in that volumes in that, my question was regarding the margins 
and returns on those vaccines compared to what we are doing right now? Will there be any 
change in that and how much of that if you can give some guidance? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you for your question and I would like to apologize that in my briefing, I completely 
overlooked the COVID-19 vaccine project. Let me just brief you on that project and I will also 
answer your question. The current status of the project is that the construction work is going on, 
there have been a little bit of a delay because a lot is dependent on important consumables as 
well as imported equipment and everything to be shipped from Europe has definitely got delayed 
in that shipment, so we hope that by this quarter being ended, we are able to start working, 
complete the construction and by approximately April-May start doing the trial production. 
Everything is going on very systematically as far as this project is concerned, we are very 
confident and we already feel proud that we would be having one of the best BSL3 facilities in 
the country once it is ready. Now, talking about the business generation from this project, our 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
facility has been created to produce approximately 70 lakh doses of the drug substance for the 
Covaxin which will be supplied to Bharat Biotech and let us presume that we would slowly build 
up this. We begin with 20 lakhs and then in the next 2-3 months we will come up with the 70 
lakh capacity and we would supply it to Bharat Biotech while we are still working on the margins 
etc., for this project because this currently is, everything is being worked on at this point of time 
as you understand this agreement with us as well as Bharat Biotech entering into agreement, all 
has happened due to an emergency situation in the country and we are all working towards it, 
but having said that we are confident that our turnover should definitely shoot up sizably with 
this project coming through. In terms of profitability, I would like to not address or talk anything 
on it at this point of time, I would at an appropriate time, probably before the end investor's call 
through a special call or a press briefly we would definitely give these details. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
And my next question was regarding our Tanzania operation which has just begun, so as per our 
channel check what we are hearing is that there is a lot of problem in the sense that even the 
government, some of the governments, not particularly in Tanzania, in Africa have delayed their 
payments, so as and when we are entering this space and geography, what would be our mix in 
terms of government orders and also in terms of private orders, any guidance you would like to 
give? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, at the moment we are focusing on the private market, on the trade market because that is 
something which is always, we would not want to, we have not constructed the whole plant just 
based on any tender business and some of the vaccines are to be produced for the first time, so 
they have never even being tendered before, so that is definitely not an approach that we are 
looking at. We are looking at selling it in the private markets, create the demand, create 
awareness and sell. Once the tender business comes up, we are even hoping to do the tender 
business, but if at all and whenever it comes up, we will take a call at that point of time on how 
to supply, how to secure our payment, but currently we want to take the risk by creating the 
demand rather than looking or worrying at the tender business because that is the real long way 
to go. If you really look at it, any tender business which starts in any country for any particular 
vaccines, etc., it is only in the starting period and then ultimately it has to come down within the 
private sector and to be sold, distributed, manufactured by the private sector. So we would want 
to start this focus right from the beginning and let us see how it takes us further. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
One last point if I may ask, regarding the Covaxin which we are doing, so is it fair to assume 
that whatever revenue you may get through that vaccine, it would be, the bulk of that will happen 
only in FY23 and may be some in FY24 and then we might not have any revenue from them 
assuming that COVID would be a history by then? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, the revenues have to be looked only FY23, definitely not in FY22, 23, 24, we all wish, hope 
and pray that COVID goes away and that the need for the vaccines also goes down because that 
is what we all wish and pray, but considering that we are manufacturing it and we are giving it 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
as a preventive dose and therefore the government has also pushed and everybody is pushing for 
a preventive medication in terms of vaccines, we are also preparing plans on what next to be 
done with this beautiful facility created by us, how we take it further, what are the other vaccines 
that we will be manufacturing, this is our path, our gateway to get into human vaccines, but we 
do not want to dilute our thinking at this point of time. We have taken up a national 
responsibility, so we are only focusing on the COVID vaccines. Yes, after two years, we are 
pretty sure that in the next 6 months' time, we would have planned and if COVID continues for 
any reason, be rest assured our focus will at that time remain only on COVID. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
And if the COVID is history by then and what would be our, this capacity or this facility will be 
available for our poultry and animal vaccine or should we have to do some CAPEX related to 
that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We will then on this facility, it is a BSL3 facility, our focus ideally would be on human vaccine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kuntal Shah from Oaklane Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kuntal Shah: 
I just had two questions, IVRI, IHPE and lot of governmental organizations keep licensing 
technology, what is the plans we have on licensing the technology from government institution 
and also from third party commercial institution considering now we will have that BSL3 both 
for animals and human? And secondly question on, what is the breakeven on Hester Africa 
which we breakeven, at what level of sales after we breakeven at PBT level? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Answering your first question, in terms of technology, Hester for its animal vaccines, we have 
bought technology from Indian Veterinary Research Institute, we have also bought technology 
from other international institutes etc. We are always open and looking at acquiring technology, 
in fact we have also acquired the technology to make new Brucella vaccine and that technology 
has been bought also from the government of India from Indian Council of Agricultural 
Research. So even the vaccines which I just mentioned classical swine fever vaccine, sheep pox, 
lumpy skin, all these are bought from Indian Veterinary Research Institute. It is our endeavor 
that whenever any technology is available, we are one of the first, it is on record, even if you go 
and visit any of this institutes, we are the first to pitch to buy that technology. We shall continue 
that spirit in acquiring new technologies and wherever BSL3 is to be used, yes, we will use it. 
One thing is that if we use it as human, we cannot do it, for animal if we use it for animal, we 
cannot use it for human, so we will have to take a call. Our current call is very clear, human. Let 
time pass by, let us see how things unfold, but for the moment it is clear on the human side. 
Coming to your Africa question on the breakeven, I think our breakeven should be at 
approximately utilization of around 20 to 25% capacity. 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Kuntal Shah: 
Just one followup question on my side, is there a plan to even license the technology for 
manufacturing human vaccines? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
As I just answered the first question that we all wish and hope that COVID goes away, but at the 
same time, if COVID remains we will continue with making the bulk antigen, the drug substance 
for Covaxin. If the situation changes, be rest assured that it would be our next endeavor to search 
what next in human vaccines. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Mithun Aswath: 
You may have already discussed this, but I joined a little bit late, just wanted to understand when 
is the Africa unit going to start and is there any target for your revenues for FY23 from the Africa 
business? Number two is also on the Covaxin opportunity, just wanted to understand in FY23, 
any targets for that also that you see and when is that production likely to start? Those were the 
couple of questions that I had? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I did answer them, but nonetheless, in brief I will answer it once again. One was the Africa, we 
have already got the manufacturing license, we would be getting the marketing license in the 
next few days, so within a week from now, we would start marketing the first 3 vaccines which 
we have already produced. In terms of forecast, there were well defined forecast plans everything 
before even the COVID year, then came in COVID, we are a little bit grappling towards on how 
to redefine the forecast thing, the marketing activities in Africa. I do not have a precise answer 
to give you at this point of time. We are working hard. Let this one quarter go, let us move a 
little further, then we will firm up things because of COVID and many other issues, things have 
gone a little away, but I think given these 3 months' time, we should be able to be a little sure on 
things. In terms of the Covaxin vaccine drug substance project, we have created a capacity to 
manufacture 70 lakh doses that should build up slowly from the first one 20 lakhs going on 
towards 70 lakhs. Hopefully by April-May, we should be taking the trial production and based 
on that we will be taking the commercial production and that is what it is. 
Mithun Aswath: 
I am just trying to understand on the Covaxin opportunity in terms of our revenues for next say 
that anything that we have targeted? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We are in talk with Bharat Biotech, we have yet to firm up the exact revenue model, not that 
everything is undecided, but the models are yet under definition, so once that happens, by the 
time, we reach the commercial as the stage of commercial manufacturing selling, everything 
would be well defined. As you are aware, this has been happening due to an emergency situation. 
There is a lot of support that has been given to us by BIRAC by the department of biotechnology, 
everybody is involved and once there is more clarity on this, I would definitely give this 
information to you all as well as to our shareholders. 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Mithun Aswath: 
Sir, if you allow me a followup, I just wanted to understand the Covaxin opportunity similar in 
terms of the margins that our vaccine business is giving up because we have done a reasonable 
amount of CAPEX, right for the Covaxin opportunity as well, so just wanted to get a sense on 
that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The margin for any loan licensing agreement, for any job work agreement are always going to 
be less than those margins of the product which we are manufacturing from basic, where we are 
manufacturing the final product and we are marketing, so that margins are bound to be lesser 
than what it would be for our existing vaccines. 
Mithun Aswath: 
And sir, just last one, on the animal products business, we have seen that, I think there is a little 
bit of may be a loss in this quarter, so just wanted to understand what is our thought on this 
because I think this was one of the areas where we want to focus and grow quite aggressively, 
so just wanted some thoughts on that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In terms of, we are talking about the quarter ended 31st December, is that what you are looking 
at? 
Mithun Aswath: 
That is right. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I will just give it to Nikhil, our CFO, let him address this and I will address the subjective part. 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Good afternoon sir, so as regards the animal healthcare products, if we see overall for the 9 
months, there has been positive profit. As regards to the quarter, since there has been increase 
into the marketing expenses during this period and to that extent there is a nominal loss of Rs. 
10 lakh which has happened in this quarter, so that is the overall scenario which has happened. 
Mithun Aswath: 
Just, what is the outlook on that business, because I think there was quite a large focus on that 
and that was one of the areas where we are going to see quite a bit of growth? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, health product is the segment which would be growing faster than the poultry segment and 
we are confident that we will grow this business. We are aggressively spending more, I would 
not use the word spending, wrong word, we are investing more which on the marketing, so on 
the balance sheet term point, anything that we talk subjectively as investing it goes in the balance 
sheet as an expenditure, so we are increasing the field force, we are putting in lot many other, 
we are adding products, adding people to develop products, so those are the areas which have 
actually caused for this, but you could just say that this is a very small aberration, a temporary 
aberration, we take it as an irrelevant situation. 
Mithun Aswath: 
And if you don’t mind, just one last one in terms of your 2-3 year outlook, you had mentioned 
that the domestic business could double in terms of revenues and the Africa business could give 
you another 250 crores, so that will be, may be tripling of your revenues over the next 3 years, I 

Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
Page 10 of 16 
just wanted to understand in terms of CAPEX, are we pretty much through for all this and it is 
more about splitting the assets or to reach that target of say 750 crores, we would need further 
CAPEX as well, if you could just give us the clarity? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The current capital expenditure that we have made at this point of time in increasing, as what is 
shown in our press note as I have mentioned to increase our antigen production as well as the 
fill finish, this would definitely first of all make our capacity multiplied by two of what it is at 
this point of time. With that in place, with Africa coming in place, let us see we are reasonably 
aggressive, but the CAPEX now required to reach higher milestones like 400, 500, 600 crores, 
the ratio or the input/output ratio would definitely be on a very positive side towards the output. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Sir, my first question is, I just wanted to understand the gross profit margin movement, if I 
look at it quarter-on-quarter and 9 months 11% t 4.7%, would this be extend primarily due to 
the product mix which is health products doing much better than vaccines or is there 
anything else that contributes to this? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think, sorry, not that I think, I am sure of it that the margins on vaccines are more than what 
the margins on the health products are. With the growth of the health product, there could be a 
little bit squeezing of the margin, but in days to come, if you look at absolute figures, we will 
still come out to be far ahead. Yes, now, our focus, definitely we would want to keep it on the 
health products, but on the same time, look at the other opportunities that we are getting in terms 
of the PPR vaccine being supplied to the government, etc., which will again give us a big boost 
in terms of revenue, etc., which again would be having good margin, so I think overall, yes, I do 
admit that there could be a dip in the margins, etc., but over a period of time, I do not think that 
we should remain disturbed or it should be at lesser levels. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Sir, just wanted to de-average this a little bit, how is the gross profit margins compare segments, 
if I just compare vaccines versus health, how do the GP margins compared and at a larger scale, 
health is a bit small today, but at a larger scale, how was the EBITDA margins compared for this 
two segments? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Vaccines would be more, health products would be less. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Would you be able to quantify it, sir? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would not have those details with me right now to be able to give so detailed quantifications, I 
am sorry about it. 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Anirudh Shetty: 
No worries, I just move onto the next question, if I just look at your key products both on the 
poultry and the large animal vaccine side, if you look at PPR, Brucella, Goat Pox, what I wanted 
to understand is, typically on a per bird basis or animal basis, how many doses of these vaccines 
would be required over the life of the animal? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In poultry, in a Broiler, the life of the broiler in itself is 6 weeks and as per the vaccination 
schedule, one, you can say 2 doses of Newcastle, 2 doses of Gumboro, only two vaccines. In 
terms of Layers, there are multiple vaccinations to be done, in which you have 5 to 7 doses of 
Newcastle, may be 2-3 doses of the inactivated Newcastle, then you have the Gumboro, then 
you have the Marek's disease Vaccine. There are fixed schedules at which these vaccines are 
given. On the cattle, sheep, goat, PPR vaccine normally is given every 2 years, one shot every 
two years. Brucella is given once in the life time of the animal to the female calf. So the 
vaccine, it depends upon the disease, like for example, MMR is taken only once in the life of 
human being. In Covaxin, we all are running around to take the third dose, fourth dose, so each 
vaccine has a different application in the host body, like for example lumpy skin disease that 
has to be given probably once in a year, so likewise there are different for different vaccines. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Just one final question, I just wanted to understand the supply chain for the pet animal business 
a little bitter, how will the manufacturing be done with? Will you be doing it through Texas or 
are we partnering with someone else and also how would the distribution work? Are we looking 
to set up completing new distribution team for this product and if you just quantify how many 
people we are looking to hire for this? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In terms of manufacturing, we have Texas, we have many other options also, because pet is 
again, a specialized very different, where the product mix is different, the need is different, 
everything, Texas is one of the companies which could produce a few, then there are many other 
options that we have. In terms of marketing and distribution, it will be a completely separate 
marketing and distribution set up, of course our depots which are there in Bangalore, in 
Chandigarh, in Pune, the depots would be the same, but further from there, the distribution 
because pet products are not sold through the normal animal healthcare dealers or the actual 
users, so it would be completely different. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
And are we looking to do outsource manufacturing for pet animals or are we looking to set up 
unit? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
At the moment, outsource, sorry your question is, do we produce for others or we buy from 
others? 
Anirudh Shetty: 
No, sir, for the pet animal products, we can use Texas, but for the products that Texas can't do, 
will we do? 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, we will buy from elsewhere, we will not be producing at the moment by ourselves in Hester. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Apurva Mehta: 
 Rajivji, I just wanted to ask, what is the amount of CAPEX we had done for developing this 
Covaxin facility, can you quantify that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
For the Covaxin project, our investment should be approximately 60 to 70 crores. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Is there any cost overrun in project because we were, I think we were at 40 crores kind of thing 
and I think you have already 62? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
All budgeted that way and we are looking at still increasing the capacity while it is going on, but 
there has been no cost overrun or anything of that sort. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And any more CAPEX for next year, any big CAPEX needed or we have done with the CAPEX 
overall? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
For the moment, we have done, but we never know what is in store for us next year. On the 
animal side, we are more or less done. One the human side, all depends upon how the drug 
substance demand for Covaxin goes on. Based on that we might even look at getting into a fill 
finish for human vaccines or this might continue. So at the moment, the situation is a bit fluid. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And normally, what will be the payback period for this type of CAPEX in a normal circumstance 
kind of thing if we want to? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In normal circumstances, nobody just produces the drug substance and gives it, but we are 
looking at a payback period of between 4 to 6 years. 
Apurva Mehta: 
For our project, this project? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And when we are looking at Hester Africa which we are going for in a big way, what kind of 
marketing trend would need or what kind of expenses you have to offer and do it and what is 
your sense of getting, going into market when you are moving in Africa and are we easily able 
to sell it or can you throw some light on that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Marketing of our vaccines in Africa is definitely going to be a little bit an uphill task. I would 
not use the word challenging because that is not the right word, but yes there are going to be 
many things that we would have to resolve one by one. You must keep in mind that while our 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
facilities are multipurpose facility to produce many vaccines, most of the vaccines that we would 
be producing are going to be for the first time introduced in the African continent. So it is 
something till today there was no vaccine, so there was no market, but now we are creating a 
vaccine that might create a big market, so it is like we are all working towards it. It is a very 
long-term project that we have taken, but it is not that our returns are going to be delayed, etc. 
There has been good help from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in this project financially 
and we are reasonably sure that we will overcome all these hurdles. We will create a marketing 
setup. We have already appointed distributors in quite a few countries. We have a few sales 
people for the moment only in Tanzania. We will start hiring even more people. It is just that we 
were waiting for getting this approval. Now that we have got it, now that we are sure on how we 
are going to take it further, now we will embark on defined plan. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And we will be launching these three products which you have mentioned earlier? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
In the next 7 days. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And there are any competition for this product from overseas or anything, I think Africa and any 
manufacturer in Africa who must be producing other than that? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
There are a few government labs, there is one private lab in Morocco, there is one private lab in 
South Africa, but besides that there is nobody else producing or even marketing any of these 
products. None of these vaccines are at the moment even coming from Europe into Africa. It 
would be noteworthy for all of you that vaccines in Africa today are sold at anything between 3 
to 10 times the price at what they are sold in India. It is not our endeavor to exploit and sell 
vaccines at a higher rate. We have commitment to the Tanzanian government, we have a 
commitment to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation that we would make sure that this is 
addressed well, no exploitation is done, yes, our costs are high, therefore our product selling 
prices would also be high, but we don’t take this as an opportunity to sell a vaccine at 10 times 
the price because that is not looking at an opportunity that is exploiting which we will not do. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And on this tender project of government of India which is going on, we had got this order of 
almost 20 crores vaccines during 40 years? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The PPR? 
Apurva Mehta: 
Yes, PPR, any other tenders which we are trying to, bigger tenders coming in the way or any 
other tenders which are there on the pipeline? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
At the moment, there are no other tenders, but the state governments are buying some other 
vaccines like lumpy skin disease, sheep pox vaccine, etc., goat pox, they are buying through 
state tenders. 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Apurva Mehta: 
And the peak turnover for this vaccine is around 20 crores for the whole 2 years contract? 20 to 
25 crores? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Irshan, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Irshan: 
Most of the questions have been answered, sir, could you just give me out whether revenue and 
profit figures at Nepal, Tanzania and Life Sciences? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Nepal, I will request Nikhil to give the figures and then if there are any questions I will answer. 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
In case of Nepal, the sales have been Rs. 7 crores and overall there is an loss of 80 lakhs in the 
9 months period and in cases of Texas 20 crores is the overall sales with Rs. 1 crore as profit and 
in case of Tanzania 2 crores has been the sales and 11 lakh is the loss in that entity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yasser Lakdawala from M3 Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Could you help us understand what is the contribution in your institutional tender business to 
our total revenues? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Hester India? 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Yes, in Hester India 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
At the moment, maximum institutional business would be in the whole, so around 4 to 5%. 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Rajiv bhai, also I probably wanted to understand is, what is the strength of our field force in 
India and how do we measure the productivity as and like in pharma we have MR productivity, 
so do we have similar metrics sort of field force? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We have around, between 200 to 250 sales people in the field and in terms of measuring, there 
are systems in place, I would not really know these inner details, but there are all these systems, 
just a minute, Priya would want to answer this. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Sorry, would you want to know how much is the per person or what is your question exactly? 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Yes, in per person in terms of productivity, like in pharma we have measure the MR productivity, 
so what is the productivity for field force in India and for our consolidated business as a whole? 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Priya Gandhi: 
No, there is a measuring methodology which we use in our case as well. Speaking of the strength 
for poultry healthcare, the number of people are less compared to animal healthcare because the 
whole division works a little bit differentially, so of course the per person productivity in poultry 
would be a little bit more because the number of people are less while the turnover in the poultry 
healthcare is more, while in animal healthcare it works a little differentially. It is more to do with 
how you are seeing pharmaceutical company's work wherein the numbers of people are more 
while per person is little less. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Two questions from my end, so if I look at your working capital days last 8 to 10 years, our 
inventory days had improved substantially, we would have been about 190 days in FY12 and 
now we are around 100, 110, so just wanted to understand what was the primary reason for such 
dramatic improvement and going forward do you see further scope for improvement in this 
number? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
One thing is, as the business progresses, we become a little bit wiser and wiser on how to manage 
all these things on the lighter side, but over the period we are dealing with people all across the 
country who are not doing a very structured business, so we keep on trying to educate them, 
enforce things on them, force them on inventory management, we become strict on payment, so 
these are the things that we do to really try to manage the inventory well. We make them plan 
for what they would want to sell, etc., so I mean it is just that management. There is nothing else 
that we really have done towards this. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
And do you see further scope for improvement from here on? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Further scope for improvement, we are trying continuously, I do not know at this point of time, 
but we are continuously trying to make sure that inventory, we try to become as efficient as 
possible, that’s all. I wasn’t ready for this, neither have I studied this before answering the 
question, so therefore my little bit of an inability to really give you on a statistical manner. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
And my final question is, just a followup on the Hester Tanzania question, given that, one is, 
there is a huge pricing difference and vaccines as we note is inherently profitable, but we also 
have certain understanding with the government of Tanzania and Bill & Melinda Gates 
Foundation, so I don’t want to get a specific number, but if I look at it and compare it with our 
India or vaccine business, would the margins be more or less broadly similar at a larger scale 
or? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
More. 

 
Hester Biosciences Ltd. 
January 31, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Anirudh Shetty: 
It could be higher? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Will, not could, it will. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management 
for the closing comments. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you all for your questions and as always it has been nice, this interaction has always been 
nice and be rest assured, we as a team are working hard towards ensuring that the company 
progresses well, does everything. If there are any speed breakers, we try to make sure that the 
speed breakers are crossed and we again regain the speed and try to take the business further 
without really compromising on the philosophy with which we have been do so far and I think 
that is about it. There is nothing more. Thank you all and hoping to hear from you all and hoping 
to talk to you all again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
