TECHNO ELECTRIC & ENGINEERING COMPANY sl 
Corporate Office: 
1B, Park Plaza, South Block, 71, Park Street, Kolkata - 700 016, India 
Tel. : (033) 4051-3000, Fax : (033) 4051-3326, E-mail: techno.email@techno.co.in 
ENGINEERS & 
CIN 
: LA40108UP2005PLCO094368 
  
   
  
  
BURE ' n VERITAS 
  
  
  
 
  
CONSTRUCTORS 
17.02.2022 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. | BSE Limited 
5h floor, Exchange Plaza 
Department of Corporate Services 
Bandra — Kurla Complex 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Mumbai — 400 001 
NSE CODE 
: TECHNOE 
BSE CODE - 542141 
  
  
    
Sub.: Investor's/ Analyst Presentation 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Reguirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are pleased to forward herewith a copy of Investor's/Analyst 
Presentation 
on 
financial 
results 
of 
the 
Company 
for 
the 
aguarter 
ended 
31* December, 2021. 
Kindly take note of the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
    
N. Brahma 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A11652 
Encl: as above 
Registered Office 
: 
C-218, Ground 
Floor, 
(GR-2), 
Sector 
- 
63, 
Noida, 
Gautam Buddha 
Nagar. 
Uitar 
Pradesh 
- 
201 
307, 
India, 
Tel. 
. (0120) 2406030 
Delhi Office : 508-509, Skipper Corner, 88, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110 019, Tel. * (011) 2643-1602. 3054-2900 Fax 
 2644- 6098, E-mail : delhi.techno@techno.co.in 
Visit us at : http //www.techno.co.in

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited  
Q3 FY'22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANALYST: MR. KAMLESH KOTAK FROM ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P.P. GUPTA, MANAGING DIRECTOR - TECHNO 
ELECTRIC & ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED   
                                 MR. ANKIT SARAIYA, DIRECTOR - TECHNO ELECTRIC & 
ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED   
 
 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the 3Q FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Techno Electric & Engineering Limited, hosted by 
Asian Market Securities Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ from such expectations, 
projections et cetera, whether expressed or implied. Participants are 
requested to exercise caution while referring to such statements and 
remarks. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your 
touchtone phone. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamlesh Kotak from Asian 
Market Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Thanks, Rutuja. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Asian Markets, 
we welcome you all to the 3Q FY22 earnings conference call of Techno 
Electric & Engineering Company Limited. We have pleasure to invite 
Mr. P.P. Gupta, Managing Director; and Mr. Ankit Saraiya, Director 
representing the company. 
I request Mr. P.P. Guptaji to take us through an overview of the quarterly 
results, and then we shall begin the Q&A session. Over to you, Guptaji. 
Thank you. 
P.P. Gupta:  
Thank you, Kamlesh. Very good afternoon to all of you, and welcome 
to discuss our financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
Anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or 
that could be construed as a forward-looking statement must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces and the 
challenges posed by the industry. 
Let me quickly highlight our performance firstly for the very quarter and 
then for 9 months period ending December 31. The total revenue for this 
quarter is at INR 3 billion plus, it is up by 22.5% year-on-year and 
around 11% quarter-on-quarter. The more significant part is the EPC 
side, where revenue is up to INR 3 billion and year-on-year is 46% and 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
32% quarter-on-quarter. Revenue from wind segment stands at meager 
INR 6.92 crore only this quarter. 
This revenue is lower for two reasons. Firstly, the wind was poor in this 
third quarter, and we realized more wind in the second quarter this side, 
compared to last year. And also, we, last year had obtained a favorable 
APTEL order giving us entitlement of tariff charge of INR 0.975 per 
unit of the billed for the years '19-'20 and '20-'21. So that amount was 
about INR 36 crore, which is part of the comparative number of the 
previous year. 
EBITDA for the company stands at INR 42.6 crore for this quarter 
compared to INR 77.5 crore in the same period last year. But if we take 
away these onetime previous period income of INR 35 crore, it will be 
around INR 41.6 crore. So -- but revenue realized is INR 42.6 crore 
compared to INR 41.6 crore last year. The operating profit for the EPC 
segment this quarter stands at INR 40.26 crore compared to INR 36.5 
crore last year. 
We experienced EBITDA margin mainly due to high commodity price 
cycle as all of you know and higher overseas container freights. So, it 
was a challenging decision whether we should execute more or defer the 
execution. But our goal was to grow it up and whatever depreciation 
marginally we have experienced in EBITDA, all the L2 networks of 
these projects are under revision with the project -- and we'll be entitled 
for PV reimbursement down a quarter or two for quarters calls. So, we 
have seen this INR 3 billion turnover almost after 7 to 8 quarters, and 
we are confident moving forward that this should be maintained. 
The other income is again INR 120 crore compared to INR 11 crore. 
This includes income out of the sale of our shareholding in a company, 
in a JV company Kalpataru for our Northeast project, and the gain is 
about INR 110 crore in this quarter. The profit before tax is at INR 151 
crore compared to INR 75 crore last year, and it is up by around 100% 
because of this other income. The PAT for the quarter is at INR 116.78 
crore compared to last year INR 64 crore, up by 82%. The EPS for this 
quarter is at 10.36. 
In the 9 months, we have seen a total revenue of INR 766 crore, up by 
13.6% year-on-year, and the revenue from EPC is at around INR 700 
crore, up by around 20% year-on-year. The revenue from wind segment 
is at INR 82 crore compared to INR 98 crore last year. It is mainly 
because of the onetime gain of INR 35 crore due to APTEL orders. 
EBITDA for the company stands at around INR 220 crore versus INR 
197 crore last year, up by 11%. This is after adjusting onetime revenue 
of wind segment last year. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
The operating profit for the EPC segment is at INR 113.56 crore 
compared to INR 111.5 crore last year. The operating margin is at 16.6% 
in the EPC segment. In the wind segment, it is at 85% approximately. 
The other income is at INR 147 crore compared to INR 75 crore year-
on-year. Even last year also, the other income had included a profit of 
about INR 50 crore by divesting the ownership in our Haryana project. 
Profit before tax for 9 months is at INR 295 crore compared to INR 235 
crore, and is up by 25%. And profit after tax is at INR 226 crore 
compared to INR 195 crore last year. The EPS is at 25.28. The current 
investment value that is cash and cash equivalents is at around INR 
1,200 crore, that is almost INR 100 per share. We have received various 
orders in these last 9 months every I think about INR 600 crore. We are 
placed L1 in 2 FGD orders about INR 1,600 crore and one transmission 
asset of 765 kV for INR 250 crore. We hope to complete this -- this will 
be converted into orders in this month or fairly latest by March. 
The unexecuted order book as on date is about INR 1,600 crore with us. 
This will give us a visibility of order book of more than INR 3,500 crore 
as of today. If no other business is booked in the last quarter, then you 
may say it will be around INR 3,000 crore plus as committed in various 
other quarters' calls. 
As committed in last quarter, we will be recovering our performance of 
last year and shall be executing at least 50% of the unexecuted order 
backlog carried over the years and similarly for the years going forward. 
We expect large business out of FGD segment, AMI segment and data 
centers. The above order book, unexecuted order book does not include 
any business from data centers as of now. 
In the coming years, basically, I will say, we see a strong power sector 
reforms and we will focus on efficiency, reliability and cost and cost of 
power and stresses on overall improvement in the financial health of the 
network. The power sector will continue to focus on renewable power 
related transmission infrastructure as green corridors. We see that the 
government has set a target of 500 gigawatt of renewable power by 
2030. And similarly, yes, we also like to share that we are seeing how 
the business shifting from power to energy. That's a very significant 
change. You can also observe from the very Budget announced now that 
government has given infrastructure status to two businesses, data 
centers and energy storage solutions, both of which we would like to be 
part of -- this segment. This was long awaited one of the records 
achieved now. 
The FGD sector coming to now, I'm going segment wise. First is the 
FGD segment. The FGD segment will continue to be in focus for the 
next 5 years. As per the notification of Government of India, all coal-

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
fired thermal power plants need to limit their sulfur emission as notified 
by the Pollution Department by December '24 as of now. But there is a 
considerable progress with CPSU in ordering the projects for 
implementation of distillation solutions. But now the chain is being 
followed by SEBs and private sector thereafter. We are already L1 in 
around INR 16 billion business in this in 2 tenders, as communicated 
earlier and this level of business will continue on a yearly basis for the 
next 3, 4 years, as 80 gigawatt is yet to be ordered and fitted by the 
solutions by various SEBs and private sector. 
Coming to transmission segment, we expect that there will be status quo 
in transmission side. It will be lifted during acquisition of renewable 
power, mainly through the green corridors. The TBCB bidding of 66 
gigawatt out of 175 gigawatt is already tendered out. Tendering for the 
last lot of 60 gigawatt has started now. The two jobs which we booked 
last year, as discussed with you for seekers, but we could not acquire the 
land. So that job has spilled over to this year as well as we booked ne 
job of Lucknow for which the execution permission will be available 
after the elections reviewed. So, both these jobs will be part of it. 
And additionally, we have got an order for Sterlite for soft project and 
Assam and Meghalaya project. We'll also be now, we stand qualified 
overall by virtue of EPC background under new rules of the green 
coordinators and we'll also be selectively participating in this project of 
our own all in partnership. 
The Union Budget further allocates INR 3,00,000 crore in power 
distribution to be released over 5 years based on financial performance 
and viability demonstration by DISCOMs. We believe this will be very 
good high-end solution requirements by DISCOMs and use by -- will be 
part of this segment. We are seeing good interest from the large 
investors, InvIT funds to participate in the TBCB bid by making the 
company a significant partner, which will enhance our access to capital 
and will also help us in bidding for more projects. 
Distribution. On the distribution side, we see a lot of activity happening, 
particularly in the AMI segment. Our project is at the peak now in 
execution for J&K where we have already supplied around 50,000 
meters and we intend completing all the supplies by June end and 
completing the project during the -- the main aim of the government in 
all this is to contain losses so that these costs are able to achieve better 
efficiency and financial health. We had mentioned earlier that we will 
further be taking interest in 6,00,000 meters of J&K where we have a 
presence, which is presently tendering. 
Apart from this, there are readings in media that government is utilizing 
this opportunity also as reforming this sector while dealing with the 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
COVID stimulus initiatives, which in the disguised name of 
Atmanirbhar Bharat, which is a longstanding demand. The amendment 
to the Electricity Act and amendment to the tariff policy and limiting the 
gross subsidy and payment of the subsidy directly to the consumers is 
still to be rebutted and way of life in coming days. We are very hopeful 
that power sector is at its very critical juncture and something good only 
has to happen going forward. 
In wind segment, as stated earlier, we have received our outstanding up 
to June 2020. We are also made eligible for delayed payment interest 
charges by Punjab High Court and we should be getting paid for this 
very shortly. As regard RDC certificate trading in market has already 
started for CRC post APTEL order of November '21. We have already 
realized about INR 25 crore in last, this quarter and -- this will be 
liquidated before March end. 
The COVID has impacted our life in multiple ways, but one positive 
outcome, as I shared last time in the digital space. With the growth in 
digital data and backed IT policy of data, localized data BT, BT is 
expected that third-party data centers industry will grow significantly. 
And in next 3 years, we see this happening from 0.5 gigawatt to 2 
gigawatt and then after to 5 gigawatt in another 2, 3 years. Till date, most 
of these centers were located in Mumbai, whereas now Chennai has 
become a preferred hub because of the undersea cable being available in 
Chennai too as Mumbai and our data center is in advanced stage now 
and it has progressed to the construction phase, which will be basically 
ultra-scalable, hyper density datacenter meant for high-end applications, 
and it would be around 30 megawatt in load capability. 
Additionally, we will be able to consume our renewable power available 
in Chennai to classify the data sector as carbon-neutral and align with 
the major hyperscale customers like Google or Amazon et cetera, 
because of their ESG commitments. The CapEx of this data center is 
about INR 1,200 crore. And we have spent by now about INR 50 crore 
on this, investment alone in the electromechanical part will be around 
60%, which is within in-house project capability, and we'll be able to 
leverage the same. And additionally, we are also closely looking on 
energy storing solutions in lieu of transmission systems additionally 
required by renewable power and improved alternative management to 
facilitate large-scale renewable power injection. 
With this, I trust I will invite questions and like to clarify more if anyone 
of you want to know more about us. 
Questions And Answers Session: 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press '*' and '1' on 
the touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press '*' and '2'. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM 
Financial. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:   Very good evening, sir. And congratulations on very healthy execution 
that you've demonstrated in the quarter. 
P.P. Gupta:              Thank you, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:    So, I have a couple of questions. So, first question, sir, is on the revenue 
target, you had guided around INR 1,000 crore to INR 1,100 crore kind 
of EPC revenue target that you had given for the current financial year 
FY22, we have done close to INR 700 crore in the first 9 months period. 
So, do you think in the last quarter, based on the current execution run 
rate, you can achieve this INR 300 crore to INR 400 crore kind of 
revenue? And also, parallelly, if you would like to give any guidance. 
You briefly mentioned you will do 50% of your order book is around 
INR 1,500 crore. So, is that the number we should go by for FY23? 
P.P. Gupta:  
You see there is always a time lag. But firstly, coming to Q4, it will be 
INR 300 crore plus only. So, project we'll be achieving now this year as 
the EPC revenue. So now the minimum goal post is INR 3 billion a 
quarter, we will be doing definitely. Similarly, we believe will be further 
ramped to INR 3.5 billion to INR 4 billion, going forward. So in about 
a year like last year, we had done about INR 800 crore and you see INR 
1,000 crore this year, plus, so growth is about 25%. So, you can see at 
least a 25% growth next year also without considering any output of data 
center being booked in the company. If we look data center outlook, 
which will be no less than INR 300 crore, INR 400 crore, it will 
definitely be exceeding INR 1,500 crore in that segment, but INR 12 
crore, INR 15 crore without data center will definitely be targeting. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:    Understood. And what would be the margin profile that we should -- you 
mentioned you have conservatively guided in the past that one should 
not look at the quarterly margins that you have delivered of 18% to 20%, 
and it should be in 15% to 16% on a sustainable basis. And there are 
some cost recovery that you are hoping for that will come through. So, 
from a margin perspective, how should we look at these numbers 
panning out based on the order backlog that you build for on the FGD 
side as well on the data center side, what do you expect? 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
P.P. Gupta:  
Around 15%, we like to maintain as always committed. There may be 
opportunities sometimes to make it a more little less depending on 
commodity cycles like we are experiencing now. It is almost after 7, 8 
years, we are facing this challenge. But most of our contracts have a PV 
provision in the contract. But we faced was due to COVID, the contract 
period have lapsed for some of the contracts ongoing with us. So, the 
contract period extension related L2 network need to be updated, which 
are in process with the infrastructure. We are hopeful of achieving it in 
another 3 months to 4 months. So that was I think you can safely take a 
goal post via guidance will continue to be 15% as a safe margin, update 
margin in this business. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:    Understood. Sir, second question is on the data center business. You've 
mentioned you've done INR 50 crore kind of CapEx and total CapEx is 
around INR 1,200 crore that you are targeting. So how much of that you 
would incur in FY23 next year? And what is the progress on getting a 
JV partner? Because that will be very essential because otherwise the 
CapEx now looking very high. And out of this 60%, which you 
mentioned will be the EPC order, should we consider 60% of the entire 
INR 1,200 crore? Or that 60% should be of the plant and machinery 
portion only, which will be about INR 300 crore, INR 400 crore, if you 
can give clarity on that? 
P.P. Gupta:  
60% will relate to the INR 1,200 crore, that is electromechanical 
segment with backup for power solutions -- power receiving solutions. 
And even we experienced it around 25-megawatt hour of energy storage 
also in our schematics. So that will all be featuring as a part of it, number 
one. Number two, our target for next year first is to commission first 
phase of 8 megawatts. The partners, many -- about 2 to 3 partners are 
being actively discussed. And we are hopeful to close with one of them 
in a 3 months to 4 months. But after I'll ask Ankit to speak on data center 
after other issues to update of that site. 
Ankit Saraiya:  
Another important feature, which is emerging as the opportunity now is 
energy storage solutions, like wants to set a project 5 years and also this. 
But this is also a very exciting opportunity like data center project for 
loss, which will be and should be matter over transmission assets, and it 
will be supplementary to transmission assets. So, this again throws up a 
very -- that will also be traveling the power to energy bar. So, any 
company which wants to be performing and progressing in outlook we 
must be part of the energy segment now in the country. That is how the 
world is moving faster than us. And we all need to catch up with this. 
So that is very, very excited case, never seen by last 3 decades, which 
we achieved last one decade, so much has to be learned, implemented 
and achieved again. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:    Understood. And last, a couple of clarifications. One is you mentioned 
there is a INR 25 crore build REC revenue that you have booked, but in 
your total revenue for wind segment was INR 9 crore. So where do we 
see that -- sorry, it was INR 7 crore. So where do you see that INR 25 
crore amount that you booked? And the second is on, you mentioned 
there is a transmission boot project, TBCB project that we bid for in 
partnership or either on your own. So, what could be the tentative size 
of that? These are the two final questions. Thank you. 
P.P. Gupta:  
Firstly, on REC certificate, we booked the revenue on pro rata basis 
quarter-on-quarter as we fast. INR 25 crore, I mentioned, we realized 
cash by selling REC certificates which were put at the road by virtue of 
and the set aside CRC order and ground realty happened only November 
'21. So, trading has commenced from November onwards, it happens 
once a month and already about 5 million RECs sold. The only inventory 
left to be sold is 3 million now, whereas we at this rate demand is still at 
other rate to touch billion in this year. So, it's a good opportunity. We'll 
be able to -- we are holding now another 2 lakhs certificates with us. So, 
we'll be able to realize this INR 20 crore also by March -- February or 
maybe rest in March as well as REC certificates. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:     And on the transmission boot side and what is the cash position that you 
mentioned at the beginning, was that the net cash you have or there is 
some gross debt also on the books? 
P.P. Gupta:  
So, sir, it's a net cash in hand and we are debt free. So, there is nothing 
in minus, its INR 100 a share almost in the company now. And this cash 
will strengthen us to explore value opportunities like energy storage 
distribution data centers. So new avenues are available to us in multiple 
ways and additionally, I would like to add that this other income 
company will continue to realize INR 100 crore plus as going forward. 
We have that kind of potentiality and opportunity in build within the 
system, which we are not accounting for, but will be available to us to 
monetize those land bank or other assets or even return from the 
deployed liquidity in the market and obscured liquid funds and forms et 
cetera. So, all this put together is -- we are in a very healthy position to 
grow up the company to be a part of the technology. I would truly like 
to say that we are not an EPC company like any other, we are truly a 
technology solution company and trust technological challenges in 
power sector, and we'll execute to cash backs. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:     Got it -- so sir, on that transmission project if you can give the size, what 
will be the potential size be? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Sir, we'll be only taking part in small value complex location stations, 
which are strongly in substation segments. So, it'll be around under INR 
700 crore to INR 1,000 crore, we may succeed only in winning no more 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
than INR 400 crore, INR 500 crore business maybe. So, it will only be 
to maintain our presence in the segment and also to generate some EPC 
business for us. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan:    Understood. Okay, sir, wishing you all the best. Thank you for taking so 
many questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from 
UTI Asset Management. 
Deepesh Agarwal:   Yes, good evening, sir. Sir, my first question is, can you help us 
understand by when do you expect the EPC segment margin to 
normalize? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Sir, I think our margins are more than normal already, it is a February. 
But overall, this year also we will be above 15% only, going forward 
also, I can assure you. So, there is no margin depreciation per se except  
quarter-on-quarter accounting norms. 
Deepesh Agarwal:    Okay. Sir, but my question was you have some commodity headwinds 
with you -- so till when these headwinds would be with you? 
P.P. Gupta:  
No, I could not get you, sir. Can you repeat your question? 
Deepesh Agarwal:     Right now, our margin on a quarterly basis in the EPC segment is lower 
than usual. So how long do you expect that to be lower than your usual, 
that was my question, not for the full year. 
P.P. Gupta:  
These are very relative terms lower or higher, we trust -- we deserve to 
make 15% money having delivered a complex quality project in time. 
And this, we will continue to achieve in near future also. 
Deepesh Agarwal:    Sure. My second question is to Ankit. Ankit, if you look at the progress 
on your data center, it seems like apart from land-related CapEx nothing 
has been spent till date. So, can you help me understand why there is a 
delay in execution as we have been talking about data centers since year 
plus? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, Ankit. Would you like to address this question? 
Ankit Saraiya:  
Yes. I'll address the question. I will not say there is a delay, but one 
needs to keep in mind that we started this whole journey in the industry 
only a year back. And the design engineering cost on the data center only 
started from the month of August onwards. Any design engineering of a 
new solution or a new industry can take time for any organization to 
absorb and move forward with, especially with Techno Electric because 
what we are trying to do over here is something little different than what 
has been practiced in the industry till date. And therefore, it brings 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
forward a substantial amount of learning and challenges on the table. 
But obviously, makes the data center unique and makes it stand out in 
the industry. 
And therefore, it could have taken us 2 months to 3 months additional 
to what it would have generally taken for an established player, but I 
will not say there's a delay, more or less, we are in line to start the 
execution on the ground on full swing probably in a month or 2's time. 
And already substantial progress has been made towards the design 
work. And today, I can proudly say that the kind of design engineering, 
which has gone into data center is significantly outstanding because our 
biggest fear is getting addressed, which is most of the hyperscale 
customers today are directly approaching us and trying to understand 
what exactly is it that we are trying to do with this project. And that is a 
stamp of the kind of work that has gone into the center, though it has 
taken longer, but I think it is rewarding. 
Deepesh Agarwal:    Understood. And lastly, can you share the cash balance and investment 
on books and also the outstanding receivables on wind? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Sir, we -- let me say to you that it is around INR 1,200 crore in cash and 
cash equivalents that is INR 100 a share. And debtors outstanding for us 
is about INR 550 crore in total. 
Deepesh Agarwal:     INR 550 crores is for wind, right? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes. Including wind. 
Deepesh Agarwal:    And what is specifically for wind? 
P.P. Gupta:             About INR 150 crore. 
Deepesh Agarwal:    Okay. Thank you. And all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushal Dedhia from 
Axis Bank. Please go ahead. 
Kaushal Dedhia:  
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. I actually missed the initial comment 
on the reduction in wind revenues this quarter. So, I heard there was 
some INR 35 crore, INR 36 crore of one-off items. Could you please 
reexplain that, sir? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Sir, we are in Wind segment under the region called plus REC 
certification. This is one of the schemes of the Government of India as 
against single tariff policy, which is called FIT or preferential tariff. So, 
in this scheme, basically APPC is fixed year-on-year by any state 
government or state utility. Here, the dispute was basically on the tariff 
stated by the state regulator, which was challenged in APTEL by IWPA 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
along with us, and that was set aside. They had truncated the tariff to 
INR 2.14 from earlier paid tariff of INR 3.12. So that INR 3.12 was 
restated last year by the order applicable from the year '19, April as such. 
So that is how those 2-year tariff revenues were booked last year for the 
power supplied. 
Kaushal Dedhia:  
Understood. So, this one-off item was there in FY21 and it is -- even 
excluding this one-off item, there were some lower winds in this 
quarter? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, compared to last year because the Q2 was stronger this year than 
last year, but Q3 was a little weaker than last year. But overall generation 
levels are better than last year. If you ask me on a probability basis, if 
you take data as of December end, then we have produced winds about 
200 million units by that. And as of today, we have already achieved 
about 218 million compared to 205 million last year. So, it is around 5% 
more than last year. 
Kaushal Dedhia:  
Noted. you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Digant Bamb from 
SVIP Capital. Please go ahead. 
Digant Bamb:  
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations on great set 
of numbers. I just missed out on something. You said something about 
the other income giving that INR 100 crore. So, would that be every 
quarter or would that be annually? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Sir, I could not get you. 
Digant Bamb:  
Sir, you were mentioning something about the other income being INR 
100 crores. Just wanted to know, is that quarterly or annually? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Annually. 
 
Digant Bamb:  
Annually, right. And sir, just one other question was that we've made a 
loss of about INR 7.6 crore in the power segment, with revenues also 
being substantially lower. Is that how it's going to be going ahead? Or 
will we be maintaining the INR 48 crore revenue quarterly? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Sir, I think we are in wind power only number one. And wind power is 
a seasonal segment. First 2 quarters generally produce about 80%, 85% 
of the top line. And last 2 quarters are only 10%, 15%. It is historically 
like that year-on-year from last 10 years. So, it will continue to be same. 
By and large, you can take that wind gives us a top line of around INR 
95 crore to INR 100 crores. And including the value of the REC 
certificates and it will continue like that. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Digant Bamb:  
Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rabindra Nath Nayak 
from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rabindra Nath:  
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, what is the -- if you take 
the one-off items, what would be the total revenue for these wind 
shipments in this quarter? And how will you explain the loss of INR 
7.61 crores in this quarter? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Sir, that is because you have to provide depreciation quarter-on-quarter 
and O&M charges. The cost outgo is generally around INR 14 crore, 
INR 15 crore in the wind segment. The revenue was INR 7 crore this 
year. So that is how the wind segment, there is a deficit per se. But now 
wind segment is a part, it’s a division of Techno Electric where results 
are produced along with quarter-on-quarter. So last 2 quarters, wind 
segment has shown a surplus of almost INR 55 crore. So, and the third 
and fourth quarter always shows a little minus, unless you have some 
kind of one-off like last year we had tariff revision. Otherwise, the third, 
fourth quarter in this segment has always at loss as well as the book 
keeping. 
Rabindra Nath:  
If we improve the one-offs in this quarter, what would be the revenue 
for this quarter on wind segment? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Wind segment, it is around INR 7 crore, sir. 
Rabindra Nath:  
Okay. INR 7 crore, considering. And about the REC certificates, you 
mentioned that your 2 lakh REC spending. So, this has been yet to be 
trading or is it booked the revenue for this? How? 
P.P. Gupta:  
So as already explained, sir, the REC revenue, certificate revenue we 
take quarter-on-quarter as the entitlement happens. I only said we had 
cashed in this quarter for INR 25 crore as the trading has started, 
resumed on power activities for REC certificate from November 
onwards. So, we were holding around 4 lakh plus certificates out of 
which we have sold out 2.5 lakhs for INR 25 crore. 
Rabindra Nath:  
Okay, rest, you will be selling in this financial year? 
P.P. Gupta:  
It will be liquidated in coming 2 months, this month and next month. 
Rabindra Nath:  
Okay. So, what should be the contribution from there? 
P.P. Gupta:  
This will be INR 20 crore. 
Rabindra Nath:  
INR 20 crore. Okay. Thank you, sir. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kranthi Bathini from 
WealthMills Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kranthi Bathini:  
I just want to know about what is your plans, because plans with respect 
to data centers are concerned, there is a lot of emphasis is given in this 
budget and also in data centers, there is a lot of focus. Can you just give 
what's your plans and how you are going to execute? And any timelines? 
And what is the incremental revenue that's going to contribute from the 
data center business? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Ankit, would you like to answer this question? 
Ankit Saraiya:  
Yes, I'll take it. So, basically, the Techno is putting up data centers and 
the idea is to set up multiple data centers across India. We are basically 
setting up these data centers on two pillars of Techno, one is the 
capability of providing specialized electromechanical EPC services. 
And second is the understanding of setting up renewable energy across 
India and being able to provide power to these data centers, renewable 
energy power to these data centers to ensure that they are carbon neutral 
and ultimately, helps our customer meet their ESG compliance. 
And on the basis of these two strong pillars, Techno has aim to develop 
about two 200 to 250 megawatt of data centers across India over the next 
6, 7 years' time. And to begin with, we have targeted, we have chosen 
Chennai as our first location for data center. And the reason for being in 
Chennai is because it is a growing market not as saturated as Mumbai 
today, though Mumbai and Chennai are the two most sought-after 
markets for data center, Mumbai being number one as far as the 
capacity, installed capacity is concerned and Chennai is catching up fast, 
and therefore the fastest growing market in India for data centers, and 
that's how we decided on Chennai. 
And secondly, we have our existing renewable energy assets 
commissioned in Tamil Nadu which can be wield the power from those 
assets, can we wield up to our data center and ensuring this is a carbon 
neutral data center. And the second asset we plan to bring up in Kolkata 
and then we might plan to do something in Mumbai, that's the plan for 
the next 2 to 3 assets. And each of these assets would be in the range of 
anywhere between 25 to 30 megawatts of IT load and as a facility load 
one can say roughly about 36 to 42 megawatts. 
Kranthi Bathini:  
Okay, thank you. Thanks for explaining in detail. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Diwakar Rana from 
Prudent Equity. Please go ahead. 
Diwakar Rana:  
Hello, good evening, sir. Basically, I want to know that what are the 
EBITDA margin in this FGD orders? 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
P.P. Gupta:  
You can take it around 15% plus. 
Diwakar Rana:  
15% plus, okay. And the upcoming orders that you have bid on the same 
margins? 
P.P. Gupta:              That would also be similar, same. Both are same. 
Diwakar Rana:  
Okay. Yes. The next question is basically in the recent budget, the 
government has increased the basic percent duty on smart meters from 
15% to 25% meters. So, basically will this impact our current smart 
meter order book? 
P.P. Gupta:  
No, no, you see rather on electronic items, you must have read it is likely 
to go down overall, but we are using all the meters made in India by 
companies like either Schneider many more will happen in India under 
IPL scheme. So, we don't see any threat of these kinds of issues. And if 
chip-making starts in India, the prices are further going to see traction. 
And even government wants cheaper smart meters, not costlier as the 
solution. 
Diwakar Rana:  
Yes. Okay. Thank you, sir. And the last question is basically have we 
received all the money after selling this Kohima JV. Is there any money 
pending? 
P.P. Gupta:  
No, zero. We received 100%. 
Diwakar Rana:  
Okay. Thank you, that's all from my side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from 
KIFS Trade Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi:  
Thanks for taking my question. My question is continuation of data 
center Can you elaborate something more on like how much investment 
will be going under each of these 3 centers, which you are planning. 
When will they start flowing revenue? Are they getting implemented in 
phases? And what are the normal margins expectations for each of them. 
Maybe it's a 3- to 5-year call or little beyond. But if you can take some 
more business plan, what you have if you can share, it will be helpful. 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, Ankit. 
Ankit Saraiya:  
I'll take this up. So, basically, we are planning centers, as I mentioned 
earlier, in Chennai, Kolkata and then we are exploring our third location. 
But most likely shortlisting it to Mumbai. And as I mentioned, each of 
these centers would be approximately 25 to 30 megawatts of IT load and 
CapEx can be assumed that about INR 45 crore per megawatt of the IT 
load. So, on an average, one can say anywhere between INR 1,000 crore, 
INR1,200 crore on an average of CapEx per center. And this kind of 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
CapEx is planned over 4 years for each of the centers because each of 
the center might come in 4 phases. And each phase being commissioned 
subsequent to the commissioning of the past phase and each phase may 
come every year. 
So, let's say, for instance, Chennai Data Center is commissioned by June 
2023. That would be the first phase commissioning and the second phase 
by June '24, third by June '25, fourth by June '26. And each of these 
phases, obviously, the first phase is heavier in CapEx because you are 
basically deploying the civil structure work of the complete data center 
upfront. And the electromechanical work is what is phased out. So, one 
can look at about INR 250 crore of electromechanical work for each of 
the phases and the additional cost of about INR 100 crore, INR 120 crore 
upfront in the Phase 1 towards the civil structure work. 
Similarly, it would be the case for the data center in Kolkata and then 
going forward in Bombay. And those centers may start hopefully in a 
year from now, we can think of beginning the Calcutta project obviously 
depending upon the progress in Chennai and subject to customer 
interest. But hopefully, by end of the year or beginning next year, we 
can think of starting to work in Calcutta and maybe a year from there for 
Mumbai. 
Nitin Gandhi:  
Something on revenue expectations and margins maybe phase-wise? 
Ankit Saraiya:  
At its peak occupancy, one can expect a revenue of approximately INR 
400 crore with a margin of anywhere between 70%, 75%. It is subject to 
the customer mix that we are able to achieve finally, but expecting a 
margin of 70% to 75% at INR 400 crore to INR 500 crore of revenue. 
Nitin Gandhi:  
And we expect peak occupancy to be achieved in 3 years? 
Ankit Saraiya:  
Yes, you can say each phase will be deployed only once we have a 
signed customer behind and the previous phase is completely occupied. 
Nitin Gandhi:  
Right. Thank you and all the best for the same. 
Ankit Saraiya:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from 
CCIPL. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg:  
Thank you for providing me this opportunity. Sir, in EPC segment, we 
did a peak revenue of INR 1,200 crore way back in 2017. And for this 
year, we are likely to close this revenue at less than INR 1,100 crore. So, 
after we consider inflation, then this is even more dramatic, going 
forward, sir, how do you foresee that the company can scale up this EPC 
business? 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
P.P. Gupta:  
I think the worst is behind us, number one. And number two, with the 
growing order book position, of INR 30 billion plus first time in last 3 
years, obviously, top line is likely to grow. Next year, we are targeting 
no less than INR 1,200 crore out of this order backlog. And some 
revenue will happen out of data center also. So, we definitely see that 
growth is back as budget is also very promising on private investment 
and CapEx. 
So, we are hopeful whatever we could not do or achieve rather in the last 
3, 4 years will be achieved in the next 3, 4 years, including the loss of 
last 3, 4 years. So, you can expect that in another 3 years that we will 
achieve top line of INR 1,750 crore, INR 2,000 crore. That is how it has 
always gone -- not as progressively year-on-year because of our 
government programs or assets. 
But nevertheless, in last 3 years also, even if our top line has not grown, 
matching with the other things, we have not allowed our bottom line to 
erode either. We have successfully retained the bottom line, cash flows 
and also the financial health of the company. And the company is debt 
free now. And we have a lot of cash in books to see further growth by 
not only adjusting existing EPC area, but in the future areas. 
But I have one thing to add here sir, that this company needs to be looked 
not purely as EPC in DSP. It needs to be looked as a technological 
solution provider in the power sector and be rated accordingly, I will 
say, like we are migrating now from power to energy. We will be part 
of data centers; we will be part of -- and renewable power and whatnot. 
So, we'll keep moving the technology, knowledge, power curve along 
with the opportunities. So, as we have always maintained sir, that we 
don't want to be the largest in any segment, but we will always aim to 
be the best in a segment we are in. 
Keshav Garg:  
Sure, sir. Sir, and also, sir, since we -- our balance sheet is so strong. I 
think maybe the strongest in the whole industry. So, in that case, sir, if 
you could do a regular share buyback, sir, then what will happen, our 
EPS will grow faster than our revenue and profit. So that will be a great 
boon for shareholders and also that is the most tax efficient manner, I 
understand, sir, that you mentioned this in last quarter con call also 
maybe you are thinking about it. So, any clarity on share buyback? 
P.P. Gupta:  
You see, firstly share buyback is not our forte, sir. We leave it to you 
people to encourage us. But definitely, we'll be liberal in dividends as 
well as we make attempt at buyback also post markets getting a bit of 
stability and not volatility like now. So, I think we have just come out of 
the bad past or stagnating past and future is going to be improving every 
day. We will be targeting EPS of no less than INR 50 in next 3 years to 
4 years from here onwards with this year ending at no less than INR 25. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Keshav Garg:  
Okay. Sir, thank you very much and best of luck to you. 
P.P. Gupta:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Anand 
Rathi. Please go ahead. Rahul Jain, please go ahead with your question. 
Your line is unmuted. 
Rahul Jain:               Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Hello, am I audible? 
P.P. Gupta:               Yes, we can hear you sir. 
Rahul Jain:  
Yes. Sir, I wanted to clarify on the order inflow and order book numbers. 
So, sir, what was the order inflow in Q3 as well as in 9 months? 
P.P. Gupta:  
In 9 months is INR 600 crore by now. And only for Q3, you can take Q3 
is at least about INR 250 crore out of the INR 600 crore. Two jobs, I 
remember, one from Power Grid and one from Sterlite, we have taken 
and total is INR 600 crore in last 9 months. But now we are L1 in about 
18 million, 2 FGD orders and one 765 kV transmission asset, and these 
orders should happen by end of this month or early next month. So, we 
should be closing our book with the order backlog of no less than INR 
30 million, first time after 3 years, and it will keep building in future. 
Rahul Jain:  
Okay. Sir, what is the current order backlog, you mentioned? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Order backlog is INR 1,600 crore as of today. 
Rahul Jain:  
Okay. And what is the guidance for the next year order inflow? 
P.P. Gupta:  
We should look on an order inflow of at least about INR 2.5 billion. 
Rahul Jain:  
2.5 billion, okay. So, this would be like coming from? 
P.P. Gupta:  
25..  
Rahul Jain:  
Sorry, sir? 
P.P. Gupta:  
25  
Rahul Jain:  
Yes. So, sir, this would be coming from like which sectors? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, mainly FGD and transmission as well as distribution, data centers, 
all put together. 
Rahul Jain:  
Okay. So, all the centers of focus. Okay, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Kumar. V an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Raj Kumar. V:  
Yes, good evening. Can you hear me? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, we can hear you, sir. 
Raj Kumar. V:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. And congrats on the good set of results. 
Sir, just two questions. First one on the wind segment for the March '21 
quarter, you have shown a negative bottoming of INR22 crores. Just 
wanted to know whether we can expect a similar number for the current 
March '22 quarter or the bottom-line negative will be similar to the 
current December quarter? 
P.P. Gupta:  
You see, I already have explained in previous questions that wind is a 
seasonal business. First 2 quarters are always strong over the last 2 
quarters because wind season is linked to monsoon season largely. So 
sometimes, it lasts up to October end and sometimes it is over in 
September itself. That is how we have seen the cycles. So, in the first 2 
quarters, we realized about 85% of the top line in wind, and last 2 
quarters gives us only 15%. So, this -- it's a industry-wide trend, I'm 
sharing the experience by our -- and same will continue going forward 
also. 
Raj Kumar. V:  
Okay. No, sir, the reason why I'm asking is the last year in March 
quarter, you have shown a significant loss. So that's why I wanted to 
check whether we can work on the current December number run rate 
or we should take? 
P.P. Gupta:  
The wind segment should always be looked on an annual basis. 
Raj Kumar. V:  
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, the second question is, given you have a good 
cash position. I just wanted to know, are we not looking at doing any 
buybacks given the subdued prices? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Given the cash position, what do you want to know? 
Raj Kumar. V:  
Yes, I want to know, is the company looking at doing a buyback of 
shares? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, we were looking. We thought that in this budget, the tax on 
buyback, which will be taken care by government. So, we have engaged 
advisers to us. If we don't go for buyback, we'll definitely come out with 
liberal dividend. But some buyback will happen in the near future. 
Raj Kumar. V:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. All the very best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from 
UTI Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Deepesh Agarwal: Yes, thanks for opportunity again. Just a bookkeeping question. You 
mentioned order book is at  INR 1,800 crore -- INR 1,800 crore, and the 
inflows were INR 250 crore in the quarter. But if I look at the order book 
at the end of September '21, that was INR 2,000 crore. So, can you help 
us reconcile, is there some cancellation of orders? 
P.P. Gupta:  
There is no cancellation, sir. We have only filtered some existing 
residual is always left out in a project, INR 10 crore, INR 20 crore, which 
is not to be executed. And like this, we have definitely taken out the 
books about INR 60 crore, INR 70 crore on the books. We had stated 
about INR 1,750 crore and INR 250 crore as a L1. That's how we were 
expressing. Now that INR 250 crore has become the order book and L1 
has been merged for another INR 18 billion. So, it is how it goes -- no 
quarter-on-quarter. 
Deepesh Agarwal: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kamlesh Kotak for 
closing comments. 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Yes. Before that Guptaji, just two points I want to understand, how much 
is the L1, can you just quantify the value of 2 FGD and one 765 kV 
orders, sir? 
P.P. Gupta:  
FGD is you can take INR 14.5 billion for FGD, INR 2.5 billion for 
transmission 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Okay. And sir, about the current INR1,800 crore order book, can you 
just help us with the breakup, how much is FGD, distribution substation, 
and transmission? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, so present order book, we are doing one FGD project now at 
Bokaro for DVC. So, you can take the FGD unexecuted part today is 
around INR 1.7 billion, which is in execution. And rest of the projects 
are transmission and distribution in INR 1,600 crore. 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
INR1,600 crores total, right? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, out of which INR 170 crore if you take out, INR 1,430 crore is 
transmission, distribution. 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Okay. And these are all India orders, right? No export order is part of it? 
P.P. Gupta:              No, there is one export sir Africa, Togo. 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
How much is that? 
P.P. Gupta:  
$10 million. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Okay. Fine. Great, sir. That's very useful. Okay. So, we conclude the call 
sir, any closing remarks you'd like to give? 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes. I definitely like to appeal to my investment community that we 
should not be looked on as a EPC and commodity segment. We are 
knowledge-based and technology-based company, providing high-end 
complex solutions in the industry and have been dynamic between 
generation, distribution, transmission as opportunities. We never aim to 
be the largest. We aim to be the best. That is our 40 years of presence in 
this market of power. And we cater both to power as well as power 
controlling industries. 
Secondly, now the power itself is getting modified to energy sector. 
That's what the exciting journey for us from power to energy. So, we'll 
be looking on a lot more technologies like energy storage, data centers, 
carbon neutral, climate change will be a part of us. We will be ESG 
compliant also, which we have been in my last 10 years, but now we 
document it also for the purpose of our investors. 
So, we are very different background company than many others, ESG 
compliant, green powers. And we were the first mover in -- let me share 
a journey of Techno sir, we are the first mover in transmission, PPP 
project. We were be first mover in IPP renewable energy, we are the -- 
again, I would say, as a power sector company, we are first mover in 
data center also unlike telecoms who have been in present till date. And 
now we are eyeing energy storage also as a challenging sector, and we'll 
keep looking on more opportunities in the energy space going forward. 
And we'll be ESG compliant also, additionally. So, our investors need 
to look on us differently. That's what I'd like to appeal. 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Sure, sir. So, thank you Guptaji for that insightful thoughts and outlook 
that you shared with us. With that, we conclude the call. Thanks, 
everyone for joining for the call. Have a good day ahead. Thank you. 
P.P. Gupta:  
Yes, I have closing remarks to make. I'd like to thank all of you, sir, by 
joining the conference call. and think if you still have any query related 
to our performance, please drop in a mail. and it will be promptly 
attended. And I also welcome you to if you happen to be in this part of 
India. to visit our office and see how we handle our business and view 
us. With this, I will once again like to say thank you, thank you, thank 
you very much for joining the call, and Kamlesh may close the 
conference. 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Thank you very much, sir. With that, we conclude the call. Thank you, 
and you may disconnect now. 

 
Techno Electric & Engineering Company Limited 
February 15, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Asian Market Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
