 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Regus Magnum Business Centers, 9th floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59, BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400051
T +91 22 67000500; F +91 22 67000600 website: www.ge.com/in/ge-power-india-limited 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                 17 February 2022  
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: GEPIL 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532309 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 10 February 2022 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Further to our letter dated 10 February 2022, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for the third quarter of FY 2021-22 held on 10 February 2022. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly,  
 
For GE Power India Limited  
 
 
Kamna Tiwari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
GE Power India Limited 
CIN-L74140MH1992PLC068379 
 
Corporate Office:  Axis House, Plot No 1-14, Towers 5 & 6,
Jaypee Wish Town, Sector 128 Noida  
Uttar Pradesh - 201301 
 
T +91 0120 5011011   
F +91 0120 5011100  
www.ge.com/in/ge-power-india-limited 
KAMNA 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by KAMNA TIWARI
DN: cn=KAMNA TIWARI c=IN 
o=Personal
Reason: 
Location: 
Date: 2022-02-17 19:35+05:30

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“GE Power India Limited's Q3 FY'2021-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH PALASHIKAR – CHAIRMAN
MR. PRASHANT JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
 
MR. YOGESH GUPTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
MR. VINIT PANT – CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
MR. AMIR MUJEZINOVIC – 
 
 
GE REPRESENTATIVE

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GE Power India Limited's Earnings Conference 
Call for the Third Quarter of FY'2021-22. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Jain, Managing Director, GE Power 
India Limited. Thank you and over to you Mr. Jain. 
Prashant Jain: 
Hi, good evening, everyone and good afternoon to Amir. Welcome to the investor call today for 
GE Power India Limited. I am joined today by Mr. Mahesh Palashikar – the Chairman of the 
Board; Yogesh Gupta – Whole-Time Director and CFO; Vinit Pant – my Chief Commercial 
Officer and Amir Mujezinovic who is the Strategy Head from GE Power representing the 
promoter today in the call. 
We have uploaded the deck for your reference. I'm referring to the page two on the agenda. We 
have a quick update on the safety. I hope everybody has recovered well from the Omicron wave. 
And we will touch very briefly on the performance on safety, we will cover the financial 
highlights of the quarter and then GEPIL’s vision opportunities and readiness and finally we will 
address some messages from the corporate around the announcements that we have made earlier 
yesterday and subsequently evening in the press release. So that's the agenda on page two. 
Moving to the page three, I am happy to say that safety has been the top most priority for the 
company. The operations are now intact. There was a very small disruption this time from the 
wave but there was some disruption with certain quarantine and travel restrictions, but the plant 
is operating to full capacity with no impact from the wave and our project sites we have barring 
about 10% to 15% shortage of workers, it's on track. 
The safety parameters have been pretty good, no fatalities in total hours of 24 million that have 
been clocked in the company. And we are proud to share certain awards that the teams have 
received in recognition for best-in-class safety performance at sites. 
Moving to the page four, I want to highlight a few achievements. We are very happy to announce 
the order which the company booked on the 31st of December from Anuppur. The second 
highlight of course is an execution competence of the company on service repair work. There is 
some significant milestone achievement in NTPC Dadri on the combustion modification 
package and turbine and generator work at Himachal for the hydro project. These are some key 
highlights in the execution for the quarter. 
And the company CSR projects are on track and we are engaging employees with village support 
for the tribal villages in Durgapur and 2,000 workers being trained on safety, operational 
excellence, technical upliftment as a part of skill development program from CIDC as couple of 
programs that we are working with our CSR teams. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Moving on to the financials, I will ask Vinit to share the progress on the order intake, key 
opportunities and how we are fairing on the orders. Over to you, Vinit. 
Vinit Pant: 
Thank you, Prashant. Good evening, everyone. As Prashant mentioned, we had this FGD order. 
We booked on 31st of December. So if you look at slide six, as compared to last quarter of last 
year, we are about 20% higher on orders. So we got this Anuppur order for 2x600 MW plant. 
And overall, I would say the FGD ordering has improved in the market. We have seen orders 
almost 5.4 GW in Q3 as compared to 2.3 GW in the previous two quarters. So definitely we see 
that ordering has improved after some clarity has come on the notification for the plant 
categorization. So this is good news on the FGD front and we have maintained the market share 
of 22% for this Q3 overall. 
On services, yes, there is a drop as compared to the earlier year. This is because some of the key 
upgrade needs which we were pacing have got deferred because of the outage postponement. 
But overall, it has been positive from the order side and FGD market is definitely looking up. 
Now, I go to the next slide which is slide seven. This talks about the business mix. So we have 
been showing this slide to you earlier also. So there are three components – new build versus 
services, EPC versus non-EPC, government versus private. So new build versus services on the 
extreme left you can see that now because of this FGD order the mix last year was 100% for the 
services but with the FGD order it is 53% services and 47% renewable. So this is more or less 
in line with what we have projected. EPC versus non-EPC again in last year it was 100% and 
this year also we are maintaining that. 
As far as the split between government and private is concerned, yes, it is our strategy to focus 
more and more on private customers. Even for FGD we have seen that, now the market is moving 
towards the IPP. So in maintaining the trend, we have 72% on private and 28% with government 
customers. 
So this is all on this slide and now I would hand over to Yogesh to take us through the slides on 
the other financials. Thank you. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Thank you, Vinit. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and I would take you through the 
revenues and the profits. I'm on slide number eight. Revenue in Q3 has been 7.57 billion and 
this has been in the range of the average that we have been having in the last two years. And if 
we look at this Q3, out of the three quarters of the current fiscal year, this has been the highest 
on the revenue front, and whereas if you compare it with the revenue in Q3 of last fiscal year 
which was 10.9 billion was primarily for major supplies happening on our FGD projects of 
Simhadri Sipat. So revenue in spite of the challenges that we had on the FGD side, we have had 
a significant success on this front. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Moving to the backlog, presently we have a backlog of INR39.8 billion, and of this close to 86% 
is from our project business with the continued healthy margin of about 13% and the remaining 
is services which is at almost 22%-plus on the margin side. 
Moving to the next slide number nine, which is the profit before tax, in this quarter, we made 
462 million worth of losses against the profit of same Q3 in FY'2021. The prime reasons have 
been on account of the restructuring that we had to carry out in Durgapur for the voluntary 
retirement. This amounted to INR522 million. The second one again I would say restructuring 
on account of impairment of Shahabad plant and machinery to the extent of 123 million. And 
there has been like the margin impact of lower sales to the extent of 131 million. And there have 
been some project cost update on account of like additional quantity requirement and site issues 
that we had from erections, etc., that we were carrying out at different sites. 
So all in all, if we don't consider the restructuring items we were at 6% margin in the Q3 '21-22. 
I hand over to Prashant Jain to take us further. Thank you. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you, Vinit and Yogesh. On the restructuring, I would like to provide a quick update. As 
we had been planning to optimize the capacity in the Durgapur factory which was at about 
800,000 hours, we are standing to somewhere around 4,500 hours today and as we know that 
the new orders have dried in the new build site from July or towards the end of the year the 
factory capacity will be optimized in the order of 200,000 hours. So that would be the large part 
of the restructuring that we still need to do in the next couple of quarters. Then the workshop 
will be geared towards service upgrades and will be moving towards a steady state. 
So that was a brief update on the restructuring activities that we have been doing. It is a painful 
transition but this is an adjustment to the market realities that we are facing today. 
What I wanted to share with you today is about what is it that we are working in GEPIL, what 
excites us, what is the vision and the opportunities that we are chasing from GEPIL. I will come 
back to page 11, but maybe I want to move to page 12. This is the reality that the power sector 
in India is facing today where the capacity addition that you see in the dark gray color from the 
coal plants have significantly reduced over the period of years and we see renewable capacity 
getting added to the grid. And this is the reason why we had to adjust the capacity in Durgapur 
workshop to adjust to this market reality and to address our strategy towards emissions and 
services. 
Now, moving to the page 13, what happens in the next 10 years. It is important to note that today 
we have about 100 GW of renewable energy in the present level that you see on the left. And 
that means in '21 about 72% of electricity that is coming into our light bulbs into the houses is 
today coming from coal. As per the CEA projections fast forwarding to 2030 where we will have 
additional 500 GW being added to the grid, in that case, the relevance of coal-fired power plants 
will still be about 50%, electricity coming from the existing coal-fired power plants to meet the 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
growing power demand of the country. Now, these are the projections from CEA and we have 
seen post-COVID capacity utilization of all the core power plants have gone up and in fact the 
customers have postponed their outages because they had actually huge demand to continue to 
supply power. So we see that this is a huge structural transition which is happening and this 
transition towards renewable energy, towards green is also creating opportunities on the existing 
coal-fired power plants for emission reduction which is the FGD program. And I will talk about 
this a bit more in the coming slides and it is creating opportunities for making the existing coal-
fired power plants more flexible so that they can allow renewable integration to the grid. In 
future, we anticipate there will be a demand for balancing the grid with synchronous condensers, 
etc., or alternate methods to stabilize the grid. Those are the opportunities that we see emerging 
with this energy transition that we are talking about in page 13. 
So all in all, in the next 10 years we see tremendous potential in the energy transition where still 
the coal-fired power plants will have a significant role to play and  GEPIL will be a significant 
partner to reduce the emissions and to support the transition that the country has to do towards 
the future. So having said that, I want to come back to page 11. On page 11 what is it that we do 
in GE Power India Limited is we enable our customers achieve energy transition towards 
sustainable, reliable, affordable, cleaner energy and that's power and decarbonized future. How 
do we deliver that today? If you look at our ESG technologies and portfolio, the third bullet is 
the biggest opportunity that I will talk about in the coming pages is reducing emissions where 
there is the big demand for emission technologies, FGDs as per the government regulations and 
there is thousands of crores of opportunity in the market that will be addressed in the next three 
to five years. 
The second area is to support the existing coal-fired power plants by services and upgrades, by 
efficiency upgrades, flexibility to enable renewable integration. I also see that due to certain 
decisions that global organizations are making an opportunity for  GEPIL to expand outside 
India to address certain service markets and that's an opportunity I see is available to GEPIL, 
your company. 
Moving to page 14, I would like to talk about this net zero path that the world has taken and top 
three countries have said 2050, 2060 and India has said by 2070 a net zero target. What does that 
mean for India specifically? When we look at India specifically, we are in a phase today that we 
still draw 73% electricity from coal. This is a reality that we face today as a country and therefore 
the part-A of  GEPIL’s plan is to address the installations of the existing coal-fired power plants 
with AQCS which is our FGDs, with our SCRs and ESG upgrades, etc., to make sure that we 
are driving the pollution control and reducing the emissions of the existing coal-fired power 
plants. And we believe that even if we are able to successfully add 500 GW of renewable by 
2030, the coal-fired power plants in India will be relevant for at least 10 more years and they 
will need to support the transition from A to B where we are able to get towards a greener future 
in the near term. And therefore, your company GE Power India Limited is focused on flexibility 
efficiency upgrades, renewable integration technologies and emissions. That is the core 
technology expertise references in GE Power India Limited and the transition to (B) will create 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
certain integration opportunities with the upcoming technologies. So for five years we see a very 
strong demand on (A) and then also a sufficient time period to start focusing on pillars that will 
take towards the (B) and  GEPIL can be a credible bridge to the future for the net zero targets 
that the country has laid out. 
Moving to the page 15, the data is speaking for itself that 87 GW of FGDs have been ordered. 
How many more FGDs will be ordered? About 133 GW. That is what you see on the graph on 
the left. On the right, what is it that  GEPIL has to offer? We have a technology leadership, we 
have absorbed technology, I will talk about that in the coming slide.  GEPIL has very strong 
references in the country with first live installation at NTPC, Vindhyachal. They are a 
frontrunner as  GEPIL executing FGD today. We have posted certain progress on the LinkedIn, 
the teams are doing lean kaizen at sites and demonstrating good progress in execution. 
And when I talk about future opportunity pipeline, we have about 67,000 crores of opportunity 
in the market and  GEPIL is working towards retaining its strong position to serve this market 
in FGD. 
All in all, for the FGD the GEPIL  is well positioned to support. And page 16 talks about services 
where there is a 6,500 crores per year market and efficient compliance is an additional 
opportunity, upgrades fuel conversion, flexibility support, renewable integration I talked about 
and grid stability, these are the opportunities that will emerge on top in future in three to five 
years we see this market will grow with these requirements. 
On the right how is GEPIL positioned to the technology leadership with strong references and 
strong pipeline of active projects. As we speak, we have about 1,500 crores worth of pipeline in 
March that the company is working upon is where we are focusing for growth. 
I wanted to briefly update you on page 18 where we are with respect to technology absorption 
and progress. With wet FGD today, your company has 98% local competence. The entire 
competence of design, engineering, execution is all local. And your company is the only 
company when we look at the top three leading players in the country which has its own 
technology which has absorbed pretty much in the company with IP of course from GE but got 
fully developed competence in the country. Semi-dry FGD is 96%. Now, this 2-4% gap will be 
bridged by next two to three months where the company is focusing on commissioning of these 
projects by when the entire competence is localized. There is an emerging technology on waste 
to energy FGDs where the technology absorption is at 92%. And the size of the bar is the size 
of the market opportunities that we are pursuing in the coming years. On the opportunities 
therefore we see 133 GW of FGD market. We talk about 2,000 crores of opportunities and 
emerging markets on waste-to-energy. 
There is another topic I wanted to share with you with considerations regarding brand. We did 
check the buying pattern of the customers, we had a discussion with the strategy consultant PwC 
strategy & to understand what are the top buying criterias from the customer. Since September 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
2020 since coal exit was announced by GE and which we had intimidated to you all, where FGD 
is a part of new build goal globally whereas in India  GEPIL decided to continue in this area and 
develop competence. It was important for  GEPIL to assess the competence to ensure that  
GEPIL is able to continue to operate in this market. And here we had asked a survey on the 
buying pattern of our customers and the finding is that the top buying criteria is technical 
competence, past credentials which are the top two and the plan is the low priority with less than 
5% impact. So,  GEPIL has that financial credentials, the references, the technical competence 
and of course is in deep engagements on the IP with GE which I don't see a challenge, I see that 
this is the market that we would like to pursue from GE. 
So with that I would like to pause for a moment and I would offer to Mahesh, the Chairman of 
the Board to make a few comments and then to Amir to take us through what the recent 
developments that you would have seen that we have shared over the course of the day. 
So with that, Mahesh, over to you. 
Mahesh Palashikar: 
Thank you, Prashant. Thanks for the update with the latest financial and operational 
performance. Good evening to everybody. This is Mahesh Palashikar. I lead the Board of 
Directors as Chairman for GE Power India Limited and it's my privilege to be here with you and 
thanks for investing your time at this discussion. There are important focus areas that Prashant 
has mentioned that the board of directors and the management is driving to continue GEPIL’s 
evolution and Jebel's progress as we look at the future. Yesterday you have seen that we have 
shared the letter that we have received from the promoter, General Electric company. And today 
what we would like to do, we have Amir who represents the GE promoter  steam power company 
and I would invite Amir to share these thoughts on behalf of the promoter and then I'll also bring 
a couple of thoughts that I want to share with you. So Amir, with that can I please request you 
to share some of your thoughts? 
Amir Mujezinovic: 
Thank you, Mahesh and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. First, thank you to  GEPIL 
management team for inviting me as a representative promoter to this meeting. 
I would like to start by first expressing our full confidence in  GEPIL management team that has 
been successfully running this company. 
Secondly, as I'm referring on page 19, I want to assure you as the owners of this company that 
GE will continue to fully support  GEPIL in this transition. This is going to be a transition that 
is going to take place over the next 36 months. It has been initiated by our strategic decision in 
October of 2020 to withdraw from the new unit coal and this is the next phase of their 
development. In that process, we will continue to strengthen  GEPIL to help it operate 
independently from GE and to achieve all of its growth plan. That help will consist but not only 
be limited in providing the necessary intellectual property, technology, training of its people and 
such so that the  GEPIL can be successful in its future areas of focus that GEPIL  management 
team and the  GEPIL board want those to be. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is 
from the line of Sanjay Doshi from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Doshi: 
I'll first restrict to two questions and both are more strategic and the announcement which has 
come yesterday from the parent related to that. My first question on that aspect is sir if you can 
explain to us the rationale of this intimation which has come of de-promoterization and reduction 
in stake in GEPIL from a group standpoint of view where you have already highlighted that in 
two years’ time you would hive off all energy assets into one entity. So does the energy assets 
which are there in India from a GE group perspective, they are getting the same treatment and 
which has been given across the globe, whether it is in developed markets or other markets apart 
from India? Second, related is that how do you intend to take this ahead in terms of 
depromoterization because that involves a lot of complex I believe you will have to work out on 
many things, so how do you propose to take this ahead and this is a long time period of 36-
months, so how do investors deal with this uncertainty? 
Mahesh Palashikar: 
The first question, Sanjay, was around globally GE has already publicly announced that by early 
2024, the energy businesses will become a standalone investment grade, independent listed 
company. And your question was how that reflects in India. So the specific letter that we are 
talking about for GE Power India Limited is in continuation with the previous communication 
that we had in September 2020, where GE had globally announced about exiting through the 
new built coal-fired power plants and now this is further continuation as it was over the next 36-
months. So, I think that is the first clarity. For overall energy businesses which is other than GE 
Power India Limited, as I reiterated the plan is by early 2024, all of GE's energy businesses will 
be in that independent listed entity. That work has just started, Sanjay, because the company 
made the global announcement on 9th of November 2021 and now the global leadership and the 
global energy leaderships are in the process of establishing action plans and establishing 
systematic steps which will help achieve the plan.. Hopefully, Sanjay, you could hear the 
thoughts that I shared in terms of the overall global energy. I am sorry that the call got dropped, 
but if you need I can repeat. 
Sanjay Doshi: 
So just a follow up on that part before you please help us with the other question is so basically 
it would mean that whichever geographies GE as an energy business had coal-based assets which 
needs to be serviced it will all be taken out into a different entity and there will be no overlap. 
So GE Power India as such, there would be some similar entity in the global context which have 
those capabilities and there will be no overlap between energy assets of GE and  GEPIL kind of 
a company, is that true? 
Prashant Jain: 
Can I seek a clarification when you say no overlap on the other energy assets? 
Sanjay Doshi: 
So if there were coal assets which are based on GE technologies in developed markets or other 
emerging markets, whether it is Africa, Southeast Asia or even China and then developed 
markets, then there will be no servicing of those from GE as an energy business because that's 
what you're hiving off in India, right? 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Amir Mujezinovic: 
The details of the reduction in stake are to be worked out. But what we can say at this point is 
that  GEPIL will have exclusivity in its domains and I will leave it at for time-being. And to 
answer your second question, the details of how the exit will take place are going to be developed 
over next time period and then we have enough details to come back. I am sure  GEPIL board 
will do so. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question from the line of Danish Mistry from First Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Danish Mistry: 
Just taking the question forward from the previous caller, a couple of questions here; number 
one is that in your presentation you have talked about specifically adding a GE asset and 
divesting a non-core long cycle asset to enhance GEPIL's operating performance. So, if you 
could help us understand what are these assets and who will be buying -- is it GE that's going to 
buy these assets, is there any value that you would like to kind of ascribe to that? 
Amir Mujezinovic: 
We will do those things considering the interest of the company, GEPIL , and the interest of the 
minority shareholders as well. This is right now an ongoing conversation between GE andGEPIL 
. Some of the things that are being considered are a geographical expansion beyond India where 
there would be any intellectual property expertise to enable  GEPIL to service the power 
generation equipment beyond India, Southeast Asia, Middle East potentially. That is one of the 
examples of what is being considered right now. 
Danish Mistry: 
If I can add on there what is the size of that business? And in the second part, we were talking 
about divesting a non-core long cycle asset. So what is that asset and is there any value that you'd 
like to ascribe to that? 
Amir Mujezinovic: 
These are ongoing conversations right now and I would rather not comment on the details as we 
cannot really talk as this is not being concluded, so would rather not speculate on what the shape 
of the final proposal might be. Again, considering the minority and company interest will be 
certainly our priority in these discussions. 
Danish Mistry: 
Second question is that on the NTPC debtor that is there, is there some sense on any visibility 
on those coming from next year? 
Prashant Jain: 
I will quickly respond and then maybe Yogesh can add. So on the debtors part, these are the 
retention payments that we have been sharing with you in the past, the NTPC contracts typically 
come with retention payments, the lot one had 65% retention payments that were to be paid 
when the milestones were being achieved. So the earlier plan that we had communicated that  
GEPIL will buy itself,  GEPIL will be cash positive by June, July, unfortunately because of the 
COVID wave to an operational delays, the cash positive situation of  GEPIL will move towards 
end of the year. So we expect that by end of the year, GEPIL should turn cash positive, we've 
had a good collection in the December quarter coming in from NTPC but as we supplied more 
services and erection, the retention payments have got added. So these are not due payments 
because we have just supplied the supplies but they become due when we do the erection and 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
services. So that's largely the component in the accounts receivable. Yogesh, maybe you can add 
some details here please. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Out of the total outstanding that we have with NTPC the question is specifically on NTPC, 
almost about 94%, 95% is on account of I would say retention payments and remaining is what 
the normal operational dues is. And as Prashant mentioned, the last quarter was I would say a 
very good quarter for us on the collection front and we could reduce almost about INR500 
million worth of like retention payments, we could collect from NTPC. So this is i would say 
primarily the contracts that we have, they are responsible or they are the reason what kind of 
outstanding we have with NTPC. In this coming time, we will be continuing with the trend of 
liquidating the retention payments as and when we meet the milestones and we have a constant 
rigor and focus on achieving these milestones. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question from the line of Renu Baid of IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
My first question is on the strategic business which is mentioned. So what would be the roadmap 
here by the group to reduce its stake, will it involve a probable merger with other unlisted entities 
of the steam power business in India or will it involve bringing some other strategic investors or 
a strategic partner into GEPIL to help drive the next leg of growth or probably as you mentioned 
there would be a third company which would be formed two years down the line by early CY'24 
for global energy business, will we see a transition and that business will hold its stake in India 
or probably  GEPIL will be completely independent board run company without any promoter 
group per se or a majority holder three years down the line and how will that impact its go-to-
market positioning and strategy in the Indian market? 
Prashant Jain: 
As regards the go-to-market strategy is concerned, since September 2020 when we noted the 
announcement from GE's intent to exit coal and GE at that time did mention they would consider 
the  GEPIL as a listed entity and would let enable the  GEPIL board to address to the market 
realities in India. So we have earmarked on a plan to increase competence which I shared in my 
presentation before. So there go-to-market strategy has been and is currently to make sure that -
GEPIL  is able to independently participate in all the opportunities. So that's the easy one and I 
can confirm that, yes,  GEPILs actively working to ensure it has what it needs to be able to go-
to-market already today and the FGD order that was finalized in the last quarter in December 
again was on GEPIL’s own merit with no DJU or any other requirements from the headquarter. 
So this is one step that we have been taking to protect the biggest chunk of the market every day 
and we are pretty confident and successful. On the service market, GEPIL has been having that 
lead and is qualified in most of the tenders and GEPILis bidding and taking the lead. On the 
clean combustion where Durgapur is repositioning as the supplier. Now, as regards the turbine 
upgrades, there is an interdependency today from CPL. And, yes, we are working with a proposal 
to ensure that we have a business continuity and we have a continuity of service that ensures that 
GEPIL will be able to continue to focus on this market for the coming years and that is what we 
are working to ensure that that business is continuous and it's an important part of the growth 
strategy and that is being worked upon with good collaboration. So that part is what I can share. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
On the earlier part of the question, as Amir and Mahesh have clarified earlier, Renu, that it's a 
staggered plan over the next three years and at this point in time the board will have to engage 
as well with the promoters and we will come back to you with a timeline shortly and a better 
strategy and I guess we'll very quickly share the timeline as well with you for that. But I can 
again confirm that we are pretty much on track on business continuity in the strong business 
pillar that we see today. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aashna Manaktala from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aashna Manaktala: 
First question is in terms of order outlook. So as you mentioned that FGD order outlook is now 
looking up, so currently what is the amount of orders that we have in our pipeline for the coming 
two quarters and if you could also share some light on the services order outlook? 
Prashant Jain: 
On the FGD, what I can share with you is the opportunity pipeline, Rs.67,000 crores as I 
mentioned on page 15. The company is focused to retain its market share. What will change? I 
did mention in one of my previous earning call the split between the state, the NTPC, the central 
and the private. As you know mostly all the central projects have been ordered. Now it is the 
state and the private utilities that will go into the ordering. So from the 67,000 crores will we 
participate in 100 percent of that market? The answer is no. We have selected about six to seven 
priority states that we will work upon and we have also chosen a model of EP and EPC to derisk 
the company as a trend that is what we are monitoring since last one year to derisk the portfolio 
because that working capital consumption to execute this FGD projects is what we are seeing 
today to optimize that. So those are the two things that we have changed in our strategy to address 
these opportunities. So if I have to share the share, we will retain the same share, but when we 
take EPC exposure to all these projects, there we will be selective. So that's the guidance I can 
share with you now and as we book the orders we will be very happy to share with you. Coming 
to the services area, what we have announced earlier is we are focusing on increasing our market 
share. When we initiated the service strategy from the market that we roughly see of Rs.6,500 
crores per year, we were in an order of magnitude of less than 3% and the goal is to go more 
than 15% and today I can say we are hovering around 9-10% market share. Maybe, Vinit, if you 
want, you can add there but this is the order of magnitude that we are seeing in terms of services 
the business growing. What we have done in the service strategy is there are two elements to 
services; one is the core services; the other is upgrade. And in upgrades we see volatility that 
you saw in the last quarter as well, we've had some big upgrade tickets to be finalized but because 
of the outage schedule of the customer then it was postponed. That has a high volatility. So the 
strategy is to stabilize the core services and grow in that, and we have strengthened our ability 
to get a stable core services order. And the upgrades is where we are now working towards 
getting more predictability and more granularity, that is an area that we are working upon. That 
is what I can share today with you in terms of guidance. The numbers are there to see, market 
share I have given you and orders as we book definitely we will share with all the shareholders 
via the notifications. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Vinit Pant: 
Prashant, I would just like to add that yes, as you mentioned and we have a very healthy pipeline 
going forward for both FGD, services, core and upgrades. And as we mentioned the ordering for 
FGD is picking up. So obviously it's also going to help us going forward. 
Prashant Jain: 
It's amount of closure and getting the downpayment and then closing and booking the system at 
times, the movement across quarters but the pipeline is robust. Thank you for that, Vinit. 
Aashna Manaktala: 
Our gross margins have been impacted in this quarter. So for the coming couple of quarters, can 
we expect the gross margin to be in the 22%, 23% range? 
Prashant Jain: 
So on the gross margin, Yogesh will add. What I can share with you is the backlog that we have 
mentioned on the page of 3,900-odd crores and the mix that Yogesh mentioned in percentage of 
projects versus services, the mix of gross margin or CCM levels is about 23% in services and 
about 13% in the projects. That's the general mix on the gross margin. Now, we also disclosed 
earlier that we have certain ESP projects which are at zero margin. So when we do that revenue 
they don't come with associated margin and there is still sizable amount that does contribute to 
the gross margin movement per quarter depending on if we have a mix of more ESP versus FGD 
or the boiler revenue that we have in the portfolio. So Yogesh, maybe you want to add here. 
Yogesh Gupta: 
I think, Prashant, you have given the full details on this. Overall we would be on what Prashant 
has shared and what I also mentioned in the presentation that we are looking at about 13% on 
the order backlog coming from projects which constitutes about 85%, 86% of our total volumes 
and the total order backlog of 3,900-odd crores and the remaining on the services side is 12%, 
13% which will be close to 20%, 23%. So we are on the similar lines on this for the future gross 
margins. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question from the line of Sanjay Doshi from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjay Doshi: 
First question is to our chairman. Sir, the press release which came yesterday to the stock 
exchanges did mention that the company is examining the implications of the aforesaid letter. 
So do we expect a more detailed evaluation and communication from the board to the 
authorities? 
Mahesh Palashikar: 
Sanjay, thanks for the question. There are a couple of important things we would like to share 
with all the share owners. Since we received the September 2020 communication, obviously, 
this has been a focus and we have been focused with the management team and the board of 
directors to look at how do we continue  GEPIL’s growth and that continues to be a very top 
priority. I want to reassure on behalf of the board of directors and behalf of the management that 
this is something that we are investing a lot of quality time and we are giving a lot of attention 
to develop these solutions. The second important point is as you have seen probably from the 
letter that we have received from the promoter is there is a very strong commitment from the 
global promoter to make GEPIL successful for achieving its long-term growth. So fortunately, 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
we also have strong commitment from the promoter. The board of directors has had several 
discussions. We continue those discussions with the management team, Prashant Jain, Yogesh 
Gupta and the management team is working on a lot of the ideas that we mention. So we will 
need some time, Sanjay. I don't think we are today in a position and that is why we have very 
transparently shared with the share owners that we are now considering the 36months timeline 
that promoter has mentioned us. There are also areas that we will secure to protect GEPIl’s  
independence so that GEPIL  can grow and flourish going into the future. I would request that 
please allow us some time as the letter only came yesterday as the management team and board 
looks at it and as we go through the evolution of our actions, we will certainly come back to the 
share owners at an appropriate time, Sanjay. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Abhishek Poddar from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Sorry to ask this question again but the word mention is depromoterize. So should we assume 
that the strategy sale options are not open or they are still open and everything is open so you 
will consider whatever best options comes in? 
Amir Mujezinovic: 
Yes, we will consider all the options as a shareholder, keeping the interest of the minority 
shareholders and company in the mind. So no option for the path to our depromoterization is 
closed, all of these options continue to be opened, evaluated and in cooperation with the GEPIL 
board, the right decisions will be made. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Regarding the IPR transfer that is happening. So trying to understand that how the R&D support 
is happening at present from the GE global? And how does this one-time IPR transfer affects 
your ability to keep up to-date with the new technologies and all in terms of how much update 
you keep on getting every year from the GE global in terms of new technologies and does it 
affect your ability to further innovate and bring new products? 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you for this question. This excites the engineering team locally. There is a strong level of 
competence. We have about 1,000-odd engineers today in the company and several of them 
engineers have been working earlier in certain global capacities as a part of a global organization 
with deep competence. So in the last one year what we have done in technology upgradations is 
what I've already shared earlier on the pages. On the R&D part this year while we have increased 
or for the first time improved and we call it as an R&D program to continue on certain projects 
locally. Today, the teams were operating as a part of globally but we have kind of improved 
corporate competence, there are about 28, Vinit, maybe if you have the number ready on the NPI 
programs that now we have initiated last month as a part of our competence development. 
Vinit Pant: 
Prashant, I don't have the numbers readily, but… 
Prashant Jain: 
About 18 programs… I have to check the exact number but about 18 programs we've launched 
already this year and Yogesh, the number was what in terms of $1.38 million roughly? 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Yogesh Gupta: 
You are perfectly right, exactly $1.38 million. So that's the amount that we have started with 
already on the technologies that we believe are critical for GEPIL to continue to invest. Earlier 
these programs were managed globally but these experts have been working in a very good 
global environment from India and in my view this will continue where GEPIL will take 
ownership with support from GE on technology transfer development and engage as required to 
ensure that we have this competence going forward. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question from the line of Deepak Narnolia from Birla Sun Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Narnolia: 
I have two questions. One is housekeeping question regarding your restructuring cost. And the 
gross margin guidance you have given is 12%, 13% for the FGD project business and 23% for 
the services. So I just wanted to know that for the future projects you will be bidding the same 
kind of gross margins in both the businesses? Second question is about this competence 
development sir. You explained it but I just wanted further clarity on that. Practically you are 
saying that right now you are developing your competency in India. So you already had 
engineers working with the global team and in global operations. So you already have those 
skilled people and right now you are developing the competency further ahead and GE is helping 
you globally by your experts or something they are training your people or how you are 
developing this competency? 
Prashant Jain: 
The first one I can say that the margin on the projects is competitive, you know that we have 
competition as well. And we will definitely do what is required to be competitive at the same 
time win accretive orders with margin and cash accretive profile, that's all I can say. And as 
regards the backlog, I want to correct your statement. What we have said is an aggregate margin 
on all projects, that includes the portfolio and all services that includes the portfolio and not 
specific for a product line. So that's on the part number one. Part number two, on the engineering, 
yes, we have a mix of experts sitting in the country who were earlier engaged with the global 
teams and therefore the technology support that is required from certain global experts that 
program is in place and there is some interdependency on certain expert areas and that percentage 
of readiness I have mentioned in the pages that I've shared with you. At the cost of repetition, 
yeah, we are well positioned for the key market segment which is FGD with 98% and 97% on 
the semi-dry FGD with very strong deep local competence and in fact these teams were a part 
of the global team as the global headquarter for this product line was as well in the past in India. 
So very strong local competence in the clean combustion side is what I can confirm to you. On 
the services, yes, there is a mix of local competence in India and the headquarter, and that's a 
good mix and there is a very good collaboration as I mentioned earlier and there is a commitment 
from the promoter that you have heard in supporting GEPIL in its independence in terms of 
achieving this competency. 
Vinit Pant: 
Prashant, just to add, the customers in India for the FGD in the last quarter we booked is 
completely with local competence and customers have accepted,  GEPIL is taking the lead and 
the order, complete, everything is done by GEPIL  only. 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question from the line of Ashit Koti, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashit Koti: 
Can GEPIL become a lead company taking over all the business and assets of GE coal base or 
this this particular line of activity and become a main promoting company with the professional 
management, is that possible? 
Prashant Jain: 
It's a very interesting question. What I can say is that, yes, the leadership in GE Power India 
Limited is committed to step up on own technology and this excites the opportunity to be able 
to shape the future of energy transition towards the net zero 2070 for the country is an exciting 
energy disruption and transition. And the teams here are excited to learn skills, develop skills, 
add skills in this area and address to the market realities. Now the technologies for doing so, if I 
may refer to my slide where I mentioned the bridge on A to B for the net zero transition, A is 
the FGD and services. Here, we have the interdependency on license technology and geography 
from GE and here, yes, we have certain ideas on the opportunities for expansion beyond India 
and taking lead and getting more business outside India. So that's on (A) for sure. Now when it 
comes to (b) there will be additional opportunities that we will encounter as we embark on the 
journey, but it is too early to talk about that, but for sure teams are excited to upskill and shape 
the future towards the greener energy, absolutely excited about that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the Surabhi Saraogi from SMIFS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surabhi Saraogi: 
My question is more of a clarification regarding the gross margin guidance that you have given. 
Sir, what I have understood is that out of your backlog of Rs.3,900 crores, 85% is projects and 
12% is services. Is that a correct understanding? 
Prashant Jain: 
First, I want to say it's not a guidance, it's the fact on the current status on backlog today on the 
project portfolio. So yes, that is what it is today and that we can confirm. Now these projects as 
you know include certain projects that have been booked, these are live and active but have been 
booked probably five to ten years ago as well. And as these projects we will execute, those 
projects will unfold. So when you look at a period of time for the revenue, I think it is not easy 
to take a guidance from the backlog for margin because in service there is also an element of 
book-to-build business where certain amount of orders that are booked in the current year are 
executed, whereas there is an element of long time lag in the project business. So I would be 
careful in not taking that as the guidance, but to take that as the status of the backlog, that would 
be my submission. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ashit Koti, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashit Koti: 
This coal-based power plants and services, would it be a sunset industry and business availability 
would be maybe for next 10 to 15 years? 
Prashant Jain: 
I would be careful in not defining that as a sunset business because if you refer to the slide on 
the long term net zero plans up to 2017, today, we have about 200 GW of fossil power and in 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
200 GW of fossil power by 2030 the grid will add roughly about 500 GW of renewable energy. 
Without storage the capacity that might be required in renewable energy to make this coal 
industry a sunset, probably would be in the order of magnitude of 1,200 GW plus. And in that 
time when we reach that capacity of 500, 700 GW without storage I think even then I would be 
careful in saying it's a sunset industry. So that is why I am careful and we have seen in the last 
couple of months the PLF of all the existing plants have gone up because the CEA projected 
until 2030, there will be still significant demand coming from coal assets. I'm not so sure. Maybe 
I can say, it will become niche. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Deepak Poddar, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I just wanted to understand like in terms of EBITDA margin front, now we saw a decline, it 
might be because of raw material or maybe because of the product mix. So, how do you see that 
normalizing in terms of EBITDA margin, what is the time period or by when we can see the 
normalization of your margins? 
Prashant Jain: 
I think there are two things. One is the operational and strategic part. On the strategic part, we 
still have restructuring which will continue for at least a few more quarters as I mentioned earlier. 
And on the future margins, normally we avoid from giving guidance, but maybe if Yogesh you 
want to add any further comments? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
Mr. Poddar, as Prashant clarified, we don't give future guidances. We have shared where do we 
stand vis-à-vis the restructuring aspect as we stand today and the operation. And I indicated that 
on the operation side, the margins were reasonable comparable to the earlier quarters. 
Deepak Poddar: 
In terms of gross margin, you mentioned on services we have 23% gross margin and project side 
we have 13%, right? 
Yogesh Gupta: 
As Prashant clarified, these should not be considered or tantamount to any guidance. These are 
how the orders have been booked. And as Prashant clarified that these orders especially on the 
project side, the execution cycle is ranging from five to ten years and then see to it that everything 
is executed as booked is you can understand very well the challenges. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the floor back to Mr. Prashant Jain 
for closing comments. 
Prashant Jain: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I deeply appreciate the confidence laid by you in the 
management. The 1,000-odd employees are looking forward excitedly to the energy transition 
towards net zero and to bring in the emission reduction which is a very important aspect to the 
societies. And we are working and engaging to ensure business continuity as we have mentioned. 
And we will come back to you with an update on the strategy as soon as we have. So thank you 

 
GE Power India Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
so much for your time and we will talk to you soon. Have a good evening. Thank you team from 
GE for the support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of GE Power India 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
