 
Registered Office: 23rd Floor, Lodha Excelus, New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai – 400 037 
Tel: +91 22 6232 7400 Website: www.rallis.co.in 
Corporate Identity No. L36992MH1948PLC014083 
 
 
January 27, 2022 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021 
 
Further to our letter dated January 10, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021 held on Thursday, 
January 20, 2022.  
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.co.in/Analyst_Investor_Call_Transcript-Q3_FY_21-22 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
 
Yash Sheth 
Company Secretary 

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
Rallis India Limited  
Q3 FY22 Earning Conference Call Transcript 
January 20, 2022 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Rallis India 
Limited Q3 FY ‘22 Earnings Conference Call. Please note, that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa 
from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, guys. Good day, everyone and thank you for joining us 
on Rallis India Limited’s Q3 and nine-month FY ‘22 earnings call. 
We have with us today Mr. Sanjiv Lal, Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. Nagarajan, Chief Operating Officer; and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements 
made in today’s discussions may be forward looking in nature and 
may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statements in this 
regard is available in the result presentation. 
 
I now invite Mr. Lal to begin proceedings of the call. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thanks, Gavin. And good morning, everyone and wish you all a very 
Happy New Year. As mentioned, I am joined in this call, along with 
my colleagues Mr. Nagarajan and Subhra Gourisaria. 
 
A quick word on the industry before I move on to Rallis specific 
developments for the quarter and year-to-date. For the industry as a 
whole, after having grown in mid-single digits during the first half of 
the fiscal, Q3 has been somewhat challenging for the domestic 
market. While Rabi sowing area has seen about a 1% improvement 
over the previous year on account of healthy water reservoir levels 
and better northeast monsoon. Factors such as unseasonal rain, pest 
attack in chilli owing to black thrips, ban on hybrid paddy crop in 
Andhra and Telangana, etc., resulted in lower domestic demand 
especially in the southern region. 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 25 
 
The situation was further compounded by high input costs. Prices of 
certain input materials have seen an increase in excess of 50% on 
account of tight supplies from China during the month of October 
and November. However, over the long-term, we believe the China 
plus one strategy adopted globally across sectors provides a long 
growth runway for the industry. 
 
Moving on to Rally specific developments,we delivered a revenue 
growth of 10% during the quarter. If one was to split the 
performance between international and domestic, our international 
business grew by 19%. Domestic crop care business owing to be 
challenges I referred earlier, had a growth of about 9%. Ban in states 
like Andhra and Telangana, as well as hybrid level challenges in our 
portfolio led to a decline in seeds of 31% year-on-year although on a 
small base. 
 
Exports business has been fairly steady supported in part by 
favorable agronomic conditions, especially in Europe and Brazil, and 
higher crop prices as well. EBIT for the quarter was maintained at 
last year’s level. Despite higher raw material prices and competitive 
intensity resulting from varying opening stock levels across 
companies our timely and frequent pricing actions have enabled 
keeping EBITDA margins at similar levels to last year. We’re 
hopeful that the input prices should soften on the supply chain side 
as they start normalizing. We’re also quite satisfied with our channel 
stocks at the end of Q3. 
 
Moving on to the operational performance, I’m pleased to report that 
despite the challenging external environment, we have maintained 
focus and committed to our target of improving our product mix by 
introducing newer 9(3) products in the crop protection segment. 
After having added six and four products during FY ‘20 and FY ‘21 
respectively, we have added two 9(3) products, two 9(4) products 
and two co-marketing products in the nine months of this financial 
year. 
 
We’re working towards launching environmentally sustainable 
products by leveraging our expertise in science and understanding of 
customers’ requirements. We have also undertaken steps towards 
developing innovative and research-based crop nutrition products 
focused on the water-soluble fertilizers. 
 
During the quarter, we launched a potash product, GeoGreen K Plus 
derived from agro waste, as well as a biological nematicide. As we 
have been indicating our efforts towards widening our product range 
to plug the gaps in our existing portfolio in crop protection, we are 
also introducing crop nutrition products to widen our category of 
offerings. We are hopeful that the portfolio augmentation should 

 
Page 3 of 25 
 
help us improve our market share in underserved regions like 
Madhya Pradesh, UP, and Rajasthan, and in select crops like 
soybean, wheat and certain crop pest segments in paddy. In addition 
to refreshing our portfolio, we are also working towards expanding 
our network by adding distributors and retailers to expand the 
domestic business. 
 
Moving on to the seeds business. Performance during the quarter 
was impacted on account of state level actions on banning hybrid 
paddy in southern states and new requirements for maize sales in 
Bihar. It is now clear that the seeds industry has had a challenging 
few quarters. Overall, revenue from the business was lower by 31% 
for us in Q3. Despite the headwinds though, we continue to make 
progress towards improving our product mix by targeting new 
segments. 
 
You will recall that we had indicated in the last quarter investor call 
that we are undertaking a detailed review of our seeds business. This 
exercise is now complete. While calibrating our growth plans, we 
have also sharpened the R&D focus areas on the key crop segments. 
Our portfolio development has taken longer than we had anticipated 
in delivering competitive hybrids. We are also adjusting our 
expenditure in line with our competitive position across key crops 
and geographies. We expect these actions to contribute meaningfully 
in the next couple of years.  
 
As far as international business is concerned, we registered revenue 
growth of 19% during the quarter, demand continues to remain 
encouraging for most of our products with Metribuzin as well 
showing early signs of reviving. We expect demand for Metribuzin 
as well to be picking up in the coming year. 
 
As mentioned in the earlier call, we have completed reorganization 
of Metribuzin production in a single location and expect the plant to 
be fully utilized by Q2 of FY ‘23. Besides Metribuzin demand for 
other key products, namely Pendimethalin and Hexaconazole 
continue to remain strong. Capacity expansion undertaken in other 
key AIs has also started contributing to the overall growth of the 
business. We will be commercializing one new active ingredient 
from the MultiPurpose plant next year. Besides expanding capacities 
for existing AIs and introducing newer AIs, we’re also working 
towards improving the mix by increasing the share of formulations 
in our international business, which should result in further margin 
expansion for the business. 
 
As mentioned in the previous call, we have been successful in 
registering formulation for Acephate in Brazil and the recurring 
variants of the virus continue to pose challenges to the aviation 

 
Page 4 of 25 
 
industry in turn, which is affecting the performance of our PEKK 
business. This is part of our contract manufacturing business that we 
do. 
 
As far as the overall contract manufacturing business is concerned as 
we have indicated in the past, it’s an important area for us. We have 
taken steps towards building a separate dedicated team and scaling 
up the business and we are hopeful that the division will start 
contributing to the overall growth of the business over the next two 
years. We are in advanced stage of finalizing two contracts during 
Q4. While these are small contracts, they are important from our 
perspective, as we build our order book in this category. 
 
Quick word on Capex, before Subhra gives an analysis of the 
financial performance, I’m pleased to announce that we have 
commissioned the first phase of our plant in Dahej, CZ and 
dispatches have commenced from the plant towards the end of 
December. Our revamped pilot plant has also been commissioned for 
the piloting of the first products in early January and construction 
activities for MultiPurpose plant are on track for commissioning 
during FY ‘23. 
 
With that may I request Subhra to give us an overview of the 
financial performance. Over to you, Subhra. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you, Sanjiv. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for 
joining us today in our Q3 earnings call. Let me quickly walk you 
through our financial performance for the quarter post which we will 
commence the Q&A session. 
 
Starting with the top-line. Our revenues for the quarter stood at Rs. 
628 crore as against Rs. 570 crore which we generated during Q3 of 
FY ‘21. This is a growth of 10.1%, the growth could have been 
higher, but for the challenges in the domestic market, as we all have 
seen. This growth is split between 13.3% growth in crop care 
business and 31% de-growth in seeds business. Even within the crop 
care business, our growth is 12% YTD December. Domestic 
business grew by 9%, international business actually grew by 19%. 
And our international business growth will be 23% for the nine 
months ended 31st December ‘21 without considering the spillover 
impact, which we had spoken of earlier. 
 
While EBIT margins have remained flat over the previous year, PBT 
margins before exceptional items have seen a compression of 140 
bps owing to higher input costs, and also lower export incentives and 
investment income, which have impacted our other income. We have 
undertaken calibrated price increase to achieve the dual objective of 
protecting our margins, while at the same time ensuring that there is 

 
Page 5 of 25 
 
no demand disruption and the price value equation is maintained. 
Hence, PAT for the quarter stood at Rs. 40 crore at against Rs.46 
crore in the previous year. 
 
Moving on to business wise performance, domestic business 
performed well and faced lot of challenges in the wake of rising 
input prices. Despite the headwinds, though, we have been able to 
deliver growth of 9% on the back of improved product mix and 
wider distribution network. We introduced two new crop nutrition 
products in the quarter, taking the overall count to 10 products  
during the nine months ended FY ‘22, six crop protection and four 
crop nutrition. 
 
While introducing newer products was one of our stated objectives, 
our efforts are equally directed towards ramping up sales and 
marketing efforts to help them achieve their true sales potential. 
Higher sales for these products will help improve the sales and 
margin profile and also help in increasing the innovation turnover 
index for the business. 
 
Moving on to the seeds business. FY ‘22 has been a challenging year 
for us, muted performance as alluded by Sanjiv was largely due to 
illegal cultivation of herbicide tolerant seeds, government bans etc. 
We are confident that many other steps which we are taking will 
help us in reviving our business. 
 
Moving on to international business, demand momentum continues 
to remain good for most of our products. Metribuzin as well has 
started showing early signs of improvement. We continue to work 
towards introducing new products and registering them across our 
new geographies. Furthermore, we are also focusing on improving 
the share of formulation in the overall product mix. 
 
As far as contract manufacturing business is concerned, performance 
during the quarter was lower as expected with the sales of PEKK 
continuing to remaining soft. We’re however undertaking necessary 
investments with the dedicated team for the business making 
encouraging progress. We’re hopeful that efforts with start 
producing the desired results over the coming years. 
 
A quick word on Capex, before I hand it back to the Moderator. Our 
overall Capex for the year should be in the region of Rs. 250 crore 
and we’re happy that we commenced dispatches from our new 
formulation facility Dahej, CZ during the quarter. 
 
That concludes the opening remarks. We can now commence the 
Q&A session. 
 

 
Page 6 of 25 
 
 
Questions and Answers 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We take the first question from the line of 
Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital.   
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, what has been the breakup of volume and price increase in the 
domestic business? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Yes, thanks, Prashant. So, Prashant, as you know, that we spoke 
about there has been a challenging context and it was imperative for 
us to pass on the cost increases in the form of pricing. And we also 
spoke about the challenges across the industry in terms of driving 
growth. Hence on a summary what I can say large part of the growth 
has been driven through pricing with volumes coming under pressure 
during the quarter for the industry as a whole. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
And ma’am for us have we seen any decline in volume or still we 
have managed to grow? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
No. There has been no decline in the volume. As I said large part of 
the growth has been driven through pricing. But we’ve also seen 
volume growth during the quarter. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Okay. And secondly ma’am, how has been the demand in the quarter 
forr  both domestic and international? Even though I understand that 
a quarter has just started, but till date, how has been the demand? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, Q4 is looking good as far as the international business is 
concerned. And domestic, while there have been a lot of problems in 
Q3 due to unseasonal rain and pest infestation, especially for the 
chilli crop, and all sorts of state level decisions that have hampered 
the growth of the segment. We believe that Q4 should be a much 
stable quarter compared to Q3. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay 
Global.   
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, the first question is, we have 
indicated that we have taken calibrated price hikes. Now, whether 
the similar price hikes will be continued in Q4? And whether there is 
an ability to absorb these increased prices by the farmers? How are 
we seeing it because as Subhra ma’am told that there has been an 
impact on the volumes for the entire industry? So, is that related to 
the pricing dynamics? Thank you. 
 
  
 

 
Page 7 of 25 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Yes you’re right. We have taken calibrated price increases. For 
different products, we are finding that there are different competitive 
contexts, which are actually quite a bit important in terms of the 
sustainability for the different products. But the fact of the matter is 
that the raw material prices, as well as gas prices, freight rates, 
everything is actually going up. So, in a general sense, the trend is up 
on the overall cost. And therefore, we should -- we do expect that 
there would be elevated price level compared to what it might have 
been, let’s say in Q2, for instance. 
 
In terms of sustainability in some products, yes, it could become a 
bit of a challenge, because when the prices of select products go up 
too high, maybe the farmers could switch to alternate products. So 
therefore, it may have an impact for specific companies based on 
their portfolio of offerings. But in a general sense, yes, I think the 
price levels are likely to stay elevated. 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, got it. Thanks. Sir, second question is in terms of international 
business. So, as commented earlier, there has been a significant 
growth in Q3 as well as the first nine months. Now here, are we not 
facing the same challenge of price hikes or the dynamics something 
is different, that there are challenges to solve the product from other 
geographies and that’s why the growth has been relatively higher? 
Thank you. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Rohit, actually, what is happening globally, our understanding is that 
the commodity prices are looking good. And therefore, the ability for 
absorbing these higher prices in the international market appears to 
be there, but again, up to a point. Because we are also getting some 
pushback in terms of the kind of increase of price that we are trying 
to recover through our own pricing strategies. So, there is some 
pushback coming, but there is also acceptance of higher pricing, 
because that is a phenomena, which is, I think, globally accepted that 
the prices are on the higher side. But commodity prices being 
favorable, the ability to absorb higher pricing is in a way supporting 
the international business. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Somaiah Valliyappan from 
Spark Capital.   
 
Somaiah Valliyappan: 
Sir, with respect to the strategy Capex that we had laid out, can you 
just help us a bit in terms of the major projects be it MPP also the 
Dahej phase 1 completion all of that, by first half of CY ‘22, can we 
say the majority of the Capex that we have planned for is done? And 
what are the impending Capex as part of this Capex program? And 
second part of that question is what is the kind of asset turn that we 
are looking at for all these three projects that are by and large 
complete by first half of CY ‘22? 

 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, we are expecting our major Capex which is MPP plant to be 
completed during H1 of FY ‘23. And as far as the debottlenecking 
projects are concerned, whatever we had planned, those have been 
largely completed, whether it is on the herbicide side or whether it is 
on the insecticide side in Ankleshwar, all that has been completed. 
So, including the formulation facility we have commissioned one of 
the lines and other lines are getting commissioned during Q4 itself. 
So, the utilization of that plant will also start picking up during Q1 of 
next financial year. And these are the major Capex and we are 
already doing some planning related with further expansion of one of 
our products which is doing well. So, we will further expand during 
FY ‘23. We may be investing in further expansion. 
 
As far as the asset turns are concerned for the debottlenecking 
projects, there is already a demand for these products. The capital 
investments have been on the nominal side relative to building a 
completely new multipurpose plant that we have undertaken. And as 
we are also alluded earlier, it will be some time before we’re able to 
completely scale up the volumes in the multipurpose plant. And we 
have used the 10-year IRR for the investment that we have made. So, 
in the initial years, the returns would be on the lower side, but it will 
continuously pick up as we move along year-on-year. 
 
Somaiah Valliyappan: 
Sir, would it be possible to give a very ballpark asset turn at least in 
case of the MPP plant? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I think, Sowmya, it’ll be a little premature for us to be talking about 
that. Maybe one year from now we can discuss that. 
 
Somaiah Valliyappan: 
Sure, sir. So, the second question is with respect to our international 
business. So, we have reported 19% growth, if you can give us some 
color in terms of what is the indicative volume versus price growth? 
And two, within volume has there been a new capacity vis-a-vis 
compared to last year that has come, if you can give some color on 
that’ll be helpful? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Subhra, would you like to take that? I think the answer will be 
similar to what we had responded to for domestic but Subhra, you 
may like to just cover that? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Correct. Yes, So, across our businesses we have seen this huge 
inflation both in terms of materials. And if I talk about international 
business it got further compounded by the steep inflation we saw on 
freights. So, if you ask me the split between price and volume, it’s 
fairly similar across our businesses where we’ve tried to recover 
costs, and  growth is also comprised between volume mix and price 
largely led by price. Does it help you? 
 

 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from IIFL 
Securities.   
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just a couple of questions, firstly Sanjiv, in your opening remarks, 
you mentioned that in 4Q we are on track to sign a couple of small 
CRAMS orders. So, would appreciate any color you could share in 
terms of the size of these orders and any further color in terms of are 
these in agrochemicals, are they in generics, any rough indication of 
the type of customer that this might be?   
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, Abhijit, as I mentioned that these are small, so and they are not 
even material, if you are looking for a big figure, they are not 
material. But for us, it’s important because, we’ve been discussing in 
the past that this is not an area that we had focused on till about two, 
three years back that we want to rebuild on the contract 
manufacturing opportunity. So, this is an important building block 
for us. And as I also mentioned earlier, that this business we’ll have 
to build brick-by-brick. So, this is, I would say, one of those 
important steps that is really going to help us as we move along. So, 
there’s nothing significant to report at this stage. And I guess, over a 
period of time, all this information will become available as we get 
into commercial production. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Should we -- you said that this business will start to contribute 
towards growth within the next two years or so. So, can we 
potentially -- just as a baseline expectation, can we expect that these 
new, projects are getting into could potentially become somewhere 
close to as large as two CRAMS molecules are today for us? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, no. As I mentioned, these are small opportunities. So, these are 
not big opportunities. In any case, these also will take at least a year 
before they can get commercialized. So, in your modeling, I would 
not suggest that you build in anything in terms of these opportunities 
in the next financial year. Because you sign a contract, and it takes 
time for getting all sorts of registrations and other things in place 
before you can actually start that business. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. And my last question is -- one is with regard to the sharp 
improvement in gross margins that we’ve seen sequentially this 
quarter, I believe it’s gone up from 36% in 2Q to about 40% in 3Q. 
Is this, I mean -- is the major contributor to this an increase in some 
of our export product prices, like say, Metribuzin and others, or is it 
more driven by price actions in India? And the other thing I just 
wanted to clarify is, the presentation talks about some challenges in 
the seed business in terms of maize placement in eastern states. Just 
wanted to clarify what exactly happened there and how it impacted 
the business? Thank you so much. 
 

 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Subhra, you like to take the first part of the question? And Naga can 
take the second part of the question. 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Sure. So, firstly, the way you look at material margin, because 
you’re computing your gross margin by just looking at material 
margin. And what we spoke about is that it’s not only restricted to 
input cost materials, where we have seen a steep inflation, we’ve 
also seen it in freight, gas prices and others. And hence, at an EBIT 
level, you have not seen that improvement coming through. So, the 
price increases have just been taken to help us recover the inflation 
across the various input cost components. 
 
Secondly, to answer your question, as I said earlier, the price 
increases have been fairly similar across the different geographies. 
And it’s been to recover the input costs pressures that we have seen. 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
On the maize placement in eastern markets, in Bihar, there was a 
change in some of the regulatory requirements typically to be able to 
sell in the Rabi market in a large market like Bihar, there are either 
of two routes that were available. One is for the hybrid that you are 
offering to be put through a three-year state testing process or 
through the ICAR registration process. So, basically a state level 
process or a national level process, these were either of the routes 
that were available. But in this year, the local regulations required 
that any of the hybrids that have to be introduced in that market had 
to go only through the state process. So, we have had to complete -- 
had to go only through the National process ICAR registration 
process. So, we had to get the registration before we could offer that 
particular product in the state. 
 
Although therefore, we had completed the 3-year testing process and 
we had anticipated to be able to offer our product -- new product in 
the market as you know our Rabi portfolio is getting built. So, it was 
a new product, not an existing product. We were put to this difficulty 
because of this change in regulations. That is what we are saying in 
that comment what you said. 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. So, just to clarify it was an issue -- a hurdle faced by our new 
products not by our existing business, and it wouldn’t have impacted 
the existing maize industry also for say in Bihar? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Yes, that is right, that is right. For us, it was a new product as you 
know, our Rabi portfolio is building out. Yes. 
 
 Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal bang.   
 

 
Page 11 of 25 
 
S. Ramesh: 
Can you give us the name of the two active ingredients for which we 
have enhanced the capacity accomplished as per your press release, 
sir? 
 
 Sanjiv Lal: 
So, this is related with Acetamiprid and Lambda-cyhalothrin. So, 
these products, we have taken our production there. 
 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. And the second thing is for this new formulation plant, where 
you have started commercial production, can you give us the broad 
categories in the formulation in terms of insecticides, herbicides, 
fungicides? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, no. This facility we’ll be handling only insecticides and 
fungicides. And we have started one of the lines with fungicides.  
 
S. Ramesh: 
Sir, just broadly if you look at the growth over ‘23-’24, most of the 
Capex benefits will possibly come in ‘24 in terms of the volumes. 
And you also talked about launching four crop nutrition products. 
So, in terms of your strategy, is there any potential for volume 
growth in FY ‘23, based on the new product launches, and the 
capacities increase? And second thing is, would you see further 
traction in terms of the crop nutrition, where we understand the 
growth rates and margins can be better than crop protection category, 
any thoughts on these assets? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, that is right. The crop nutrition category is tending to show a 
higher growth rate. And the very differentiated products have also 
helped in better margins also. So, this is an important category for 
us. And while we have not specifically been calling out new 
products that we’ve been launching, when we had our analyst calls, 
but we’ve been slowly building our portfolio, in the crop nutrition 
category, as well as the biologicals categories. So, there also as I 
mentioned, that we have launched bio sites for nematicides. So, that 
was one of the launches that we did during Q3 along with the 
nutrition product from agro waste. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec 
Capital.   
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Subhra one question for you is that if you look at our overall gross 
margin, depletion in inventory was a significant contributor in your 
gross margin expansion as compared to previous quarter -- same 
quarter last year. If we normalize that, you would see that there is 
significant pressure that we can see in the gross margin in this 
quarter. Does that mean that there is a significant part of under 
recoveries to be done purely on the material cost both in the 
domestic and the export side? 
 

 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
No, material side as I said, we -- what we follow internally is how 
much is available cost that we need to recover in terms of looking at 
the pricing and how much is the appetite for obviously, the consumer 
to absorb. We are nowhere signaling that the pressure has come 
down, pressure continues to be there, but at the same time in quarter 
three, we have seen good recoveries happening through. So, yes, you 
are right that the pressure continues even in Q4 going forward in 
terms of ensuring that we are able to recover our steep inflation on 
RM and even on the other input cost components. 
 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. Second question is on the Opex. If you see any clearly freight 
increase is the one that alluded to that, that has been an increase, but 
on a sequential basis also that the steep increase as a percentage of 
sales. So, is there certain one-off or cost that is included in OpEx in 
this quarter? Or if you can quantify the extent of increase in the 
freight cost in this quarter specifically? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, firstly, there’s no one-offs else included in this quarter, which is 
impacting the OpEx, these are all real increases that we have seen. 
An increase as you would have been seeing whether in this industry 
or across, especially in the terms of freight costs, international 
freight costs, gas prices that we have seen natural gas price 
escalation and across various other components. So, we are seeing 
this inflation across various items of operating expenses, which is 
leading to this compression. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Gosar from Invesco 
Mutual Fund.   
 
Nitin Gosar: 
One of the comment you did in the call was the project are initiated 
with keeping in mind 10 year metrics for IRR, could you just retouch 
on that, I thought we were putting with CapEx five year or six year 
payback period inline? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
No. What we said is, depending on the risk of the project and the 
sensitivity, we take the IRR. Yes, you’re right, we typically use five 
to six years as the IRR and it needs to cross the hurdle rates that we 
have. So, not necessarily all projects will have the same period 
considered for IRR. As finance we ensure that it meets the hurdle 
rates quite safely, before we embark on any project. 
 
Nitin Gosar: 
To put this question in different ways, the project which can have a 
10 year IRR, the quantum of those project will be smaller or bigger? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It will be very small. We typically use five years IRR. 
 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. Another two observation on numbers, on gross margin, you 
already did indicate that adequate price hikes been taken. For the 

 
Page 13 of 25 
 
third quarter the number that we are seeing is this completely 
factoring for all the price hikes that you have taken or there is some 
spillover, which is expected to happen in fourth quarter as well in 
terms of numbers? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, it’s not a general and it cannot be across -- generalized across 
all commodities and across all products. What we are saying is 
depending on the volatile cost scenario, and depending on the 
consumer, and our brand positioning and also the consumer pull, 
we’re taking price hikes to ensure that we are able to recover all our 
input costs inflation that we are seeing. That’s the endeavor we’re 
going and hence it’s not that the price hikes have closed, and we will 
not have any carry forward pricing or we will not be able to take 
pricing, if the situation continues to be volatile, we’ll continue to 
take price hikes. 
 
Nitin Gosar: 
Ma’am, idea was to understand were we late in taking price hikes or 
this price hikes were completely -- would have seen 90 days price 
hike? 
 
S .Nagarajan: 
No, I don’t think there is any spillover or anything like that we can 
attribute. See typically the way we -- as you know the products that 
are relevant for the Q3, the portfolio that is relevant for Q3 and the 
portfolio that is relevant for Q4 are not the same. So, for different 
products, as the season kind of comes through, we take the product -- 
take the price increases and they manifest themselves. So, for 
example, if we have taken a price increase in November, for 
instance, for a product that sells in November, December and 
January, then certainly the price effect will be felt in January as well. 
That is not a spillover. It is just that whatever gets sold in January 
would be witnessing that price increase. 
 
To your question, no, we have not felt that we have been late in 
taking price increases because we’ve actually been on a very close 
basis looking at the cost trends and translating the relevant price 
increases. I hope that helps. 
 
Nitin Gosar: 
Yes. Perfect. And one last observation was employee costs if I were 
to see for nine months basis of current year versus nine months for 
FY ‘20 that’s two years back, the CAGR looks like around 11% 
while the business momentum has not been so strong. The 11% 
CAGR inflation on employee cost this is more to do with same 
employee seeing inflation or the new hiring being made, or any 
business development, how should we see it? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
On the employee cost one is that in the base years, you’ll recall that 
during the first round of COVID, we had been a little cautious in 
terms of these kind of costs. So, we had not given any salary 

 
Page 14 of 25 
 
increase. But during the current financial years, we have given the 
employee salary increases in line with the industry. So therefore, 
you’re seeing this increase. And yes, there has been some additional 
resources that we’ve added to our teams, especially on the R&D side 
as well as the sales side for the growth of the business that we have 
planned. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N 
Square Capital.  
 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Yes. Sir, just a small follow up on the CRAMS development, we’ve 
been talking about. While it is too early to build on models, can we 
get some sense of size of opportunity and kind of customers we are 
working? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, I think that will be very premature to be talking about that. So, 
we will perhaps pick up this question at a later point in time. So, I 
will sort of avoid answering this question at this point Nirbhay. 
 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Fair enough. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong 
Securities.  
 
Chintan Modi: 
Sir, with respect to the seeds business, you say that the review has 
been completed and you’ll be aligning the expenditure with the 
industry. So, if you could just touch more about it like exactly what 
you mean by that, will it be more on the R&D side? Or will it be 
more on the marketing side? And secondly, is there any number that 
you would like to share, I mean, a broad range like how much sales 
you intend to achieve in say next three to five years? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, in terms of -- one is that certain category of crops, for example, 
as you are aware that on cotton, there has certainly been a lot of 
problems during the current Kharif season due to the prevalence of 
the illegal cotton. So, in a way, the addressable market for industry 
players like us is getting compressed because of the growth in the 
illegal cotton. So, when you’ve got a smaller size of the addressable 
market, we also have to limit our expectations of growth in the, let’s 
say, the cotton category, more realistic in terms of what is 
happening. 
 
So certainly there we are taking some portfolio positions as to what 
are the products that we will really be pushing and some of the 
products that have done well during the current Kharif, although on a 
very small base, because they were new products, those products, we 
will be scaling substantially during Kharif of ‘23. And while certain 
other products, we will be scaling back. And therefore, in line with 

 
Page 15 of 25 
 
the products that we are going to be supporting, we will adjust our 
promotion costs and support costs for those categories. So that is the 
adjustment that we are doing. 
 
And as far as R&D is concerned, we continue to invest in R&D. 
Again, there are certain categories that we feel we should maybe 
slow down our investments in terms of breeding. So those things 
also we have reviewed. And there will be some adjustment, but there 
is going to be no reduction overall in our R&D spends on breeding, 
it will shift from one set of hybrids to another set of hybrids. 
 
Chintan Modi: 
Okay. And any number that you would like to share like where we 
kind of try to be in like next three to five years or say in terms of 
market share? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, see in terms of market position, I can give some indication,. 
Market share because we tend to be small when it comes to the crops 
like cotton, we do have a good position in millet and paddy. So, we 
will continue to maintain our market position in these categories. 
And on an overall basis our sense is that the hybrid -- for example, 
hybrid paddy is growing at a much lower rate than what was 
anticipated a couple of years back. So, again the addressable market 
is growing very slowly. 
 
So, these are some of the things that we have factored in into our 
overall growth plans, but we will continue to maintain our market 
position, especially of the crops where we have already got a good 
position and also build positions in certain crops which are 
important. For example, mustard it’s an important category for us, 
it’s small at this stage, but we have launched new products and they 
have done very well as well during the current season. And we will 
continuously build on that category, so that our market position 
improves. Today it is a very, very small category for us. But from 
our overall India perspective, oil seeds are becoming more and more 
important. So, we’ll continue to focus on that. 
 
Chintan Modi: 
And sir, one last question on the crop care business. Were there any 
instance of where -- because of the raw material procurement issues, 
you were not able to cater to the demand? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, so, far in Q3, we have not lost any business on account of stock 
out situation. We had been sort of calibrating our procurement. And 
we had mentioned it earlier also that our inventory costs and all are 
tending to be on the higher side because of strategic procurement. 
But all these inventories have all started coming under pressure 
because of delayed shipments, the complete stoppage of certain 
chemical parks. So, all those problems have really eroded our 
inventories that we have. 

 
Page 16 of 25 
 
But in the meantime, our approach to trying to find alternate sources 
has continued. So, we are just hoping that we are able to manage the 
supply chains till such time some of the key materials that are 
required from China stabilize and the current view is that maybe 
towards March, the supply chain should ease. 
 
Chintan Modi: 
Okay. And just one last one Was there any significant sales return in 
the domestic business during the quarter which got booked? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
No, it was in line with our historical trends and what we had 
provided for. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Edelweiss.  
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, first question is on the challenges which you have mentioned 
that in availability of raw material and the pricing. Sir, how long do 
you see that these disruptions may continue? You are dealing -- I 
mean, we have seen that the China problems has been going from 
last three to four months and may continue to do so. Are you also 
looking at some alternate supplies and sourcing from some domestic 
market? And have you resumed to some more of a domestic sourcing 
on that front? And how the industry is behaving? And in terms of 
market acceptance in terms of increased pricing from the farmers? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Yes, you’re right., we have been witnessing these challenges. Yes, 
certainly three, four months it has become heightened. In terms of 
going forward, we think that this is going to be there for some time 
at least because people obviously are attributing it to the Olympics 
and so on. We will have to see whether it will abate, but we are 
hopeful that it will abate at least in the beginning of next year March 
and April. But I think from our point of view, what we are looking at 
is as mentioned trying to build strategic inventory on certain key raw 
materials. 
 
We are also in the process of tying up with local suppliers wherever 
available, some of our raw materials, it is available, some of them 
are not. Where it is available, we are in the process of tying up. It 
might even be at a slightly higher cost position, but we feel that 
supply security is very important. So, yes, we are taking action on 
the localization if you want to put it like that. 
 
In terms of farmer level acceptance in the Indian market, as you 
know the total consumption of pesticides for instance, ranges 
between 10% to 20% of the total cost of cultivation. So, from that 
standpoint it is not a very significant percentage and even if you had 
a 20% increase for example, on something which is 15% cost item, 
you are really talking about a 3%, 4% cost increase. As long as there 
is an adequate reward that the farmer is able to get from the 

 
Page 17 of 25 
 
commodity prices, from his output being able to be sold higher than 
that cost inflations. 
 
However, the challenge comes because of the different possibilities 
that can arise. One is that if a particular formulation becomes more 
expensive then the farmer has an option to compare between 
different kinds of formulation and pick what he thinks might be the 
best solution from his point of view. So, you could actually have a 
completely different formulation serving the same purpose in the 
same segment, in a slightly different way becoming more 
competitive. 
 
The second of course, is the competition that is possible in a 
particular segment itself between the different companies, because of 
the different opening stock levels, which Sanjiv alluded to in his 
opening remarks. So, I think these are some of the bigger challenges. 
In theory, it should not be a big impact, provided there is a 
commodity price increase. So, crop-to-crop it would vary. 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, my second question is more to Sanjiv sir on our long-term 
strategy of the company. Sir, as we see that in Indian chemical 
industry, there are many players who have emerged especially 
focused on manufacturing, you’d have also seen that many new 
players have emerged and even many IPOs have also come in last 
couple of years, those companies are focused more on the import 
replacement 
and 
technical 
or 
intermediate 
manufacturing 
opportunities in India with a ROI ranging from almost 20% to 25%. 
Sir, my worry and concern is that we are a very solid cash flow 
generating company of almost Rs. 250 crore to Rs. 300 crore annual 
free cash flow. And we are probably struggling to find out the 
opportunities of investment and that may leading to you are saying 
that higher payback period of even going up to seven, eight years 
also. Sir, we are the Indian chemical company, agro chemical focus 
since so long, where are the gaps and where are the opportunities 
which we are missing and not able to find out the opportunities for a 
better return ratios? We are going to continue to generate such a 
solid cash flow generation and if we cannot invest probably in a 
better opportunities, then probably our ROCE profile may keep on 
deteriorating. Sir, that’s a concern probably, I mean, which probably 
right now we are facing and also as a stock price. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, , in a way, what you’re saying is right. In the near-term, there 
may be pressure on the ROCE. And as far as our capital program is 
concerned, as mentioned by Subhra, this financial year we will be 
spending about Rs. 250 odd crore right, this is what we had 
outlooked. We are intending a similar CapEx for the subsequent 
financial year as well. So, it is not that we are not making the 
investments, but I think we will always be a little cautious in terms 

 
Page 18 of 25 
 
of giving outlook in terms of how the returns will come. And that is 
mainly from our own experience that it will take its time to get the 
registrations in the key markets, which are important for these kind 
of products. 
 
And you are already aware that there is a very long cycle time, 
especially in high consuming markets like Brazil, and also in North 
America. So, while it is much shorter in North America, it is still a 
process that one needs to go through. So, we will continue our 
investment in building capacity. And even for our existing products, 
we have not hesitated in increasing capacity for whether it is a 
Hexaconazole, whether it’s a Pendi. And in the case of Metri there 
has been a bit of a lull, but as I was mentioning that in H2 we really 
expect to get the plant back in terms of full capacity utilization. I 
don’t know whether that answers your question. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from ICICI 
Securities.  
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, I have a question on -- 
you’ve mentioned that we are witnessing some decent demand for 
one of the key technical for the international market. And maybe 
we’ll come up with the capacity expansion in next year. So, can you 
please name that molecule wherein we are finding decent growth 
over here? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, as I mentioned that we will in due course of time, let you know, 
once the plant gets commissioned and dispatches start, we will 
communicate at that point in time. So, for the time being as I 
mentioned that we are doing the piloting work and the plant is being 
built out because we don’t have the capacity in our existing facility 
for these newer products. So, in due course of time we will 
communicate. 
 
Dhavan Shah: 
Sure, and sir, my second question is, we have expanded our technical 
capacity for some of the international molecules in last one, two 
years. And maybe the inventory situation is also getting normalized 
for few molecules. I think we may find the volume growth in the 
next couple of years plus there is also a pricing growth. So, in the 
presentation it is mentioned that by FY ‘25 the revenue contribution 
from the international market would be around 40% odd against 37% 
presently. So, I mean, do you foresee that, that is a conservative 
target and maybe we can inch up above that 40%? Plus, if you can 
share the margin mix between domestic and international market, 
how is the margin scenario between these two segments? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, we had, in fact, over two years back, we had outlooked that we 
want to have a balance between our domestic business and our 

 
Page 19 of 25 
 
international business and that is where we had called out that we 
would like to see a higher growth coming from our international 
business. All said and done, if you look at the trend -- growth trend 
in India, the exports are growing at higher pace than the domestic 
consumption growth. So, therefore, there is certainly that opportunity 
which as a manufacturing company like ours, we need to leverage 
and that’s why we had outlooked a 60-40 kind of split between 
domestic and the international business. 
 
In terms of margin structures, they -- for our domestic business, we 
do have a lot of investment that we put in terms of distribution, sales 
team and all that. And in the case of international business, it is more 
B2B kind of business. So, the amount of investment which one has 
to do on distribution is not there. So, in terms of margin profile, I 
would say that it will be comparable. 
 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay, and the last one is about the formulation plant and the MPP 
plant. So, these two plants, I mean, can you share, I mean, it will be 
largely for the international market or this formulation will be 
mainly for the domestic market and the MPP could be for 
international? If you can share the mix between these two plants? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, the MPP plant, we are building out in the SEZ, the Dahej SEZ, 
so it is intended for the international business only. The formulation 
plant is built out in the chemical zone and it was intended for the 
growth that we have outlined for our domestic business to be able to 
do the formulation at the new CZ where we have built this plant. 
And it is also our intention to slowly shift some of the formulation 
work that we are doing at Ankleshwar to this facility so that we 
release space within the Ankleshwar facility for more production of 
active ingredients. 
 
So, that is our thought process of the formulation plant in CZ, which 
is largely focused for the domestic market. But there could be some 
formulation export which we had alluded to that we are also trying to 
build for our international business. So, some of these products can 
also be done from the CZ as well, but largely focused on domestic 
distribution. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varshit Shah from Veto 
Capital.  
 
Varshit Shah: 
Sir, as we go into Q4, how are you seeing the inventory level 
especially in the domestic formulation market for new as well as for 
the industry because the what I sense from the market is a lot of the 
competitors are anticipating some moderation in the raw material 
prices. And hence, actually they’re kind of sitting on the fence in 
terms of building up the inventory for the Q4. And so, can you throw 

 
Page 20 of 25 
 
some light on your inventory position? And how are you 
approaching this? As well as what do you see at least at the industry 
level? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Yes, that’s right. I think from the raw material point of view, yes, we 
are taking raw material by raw material. There are different 
dynamics as you are aware. So therefore, there are certain raw 
materials where we are carrying or we will even be adding to our, 
what we call, strategic inventory. So, that we are able to cover 
through the uncertainty that is there. So, it varies from raw material 
to raw material. 
 
As far as the channel stocks are concerned, we have very stable 
channel stocks at the end of Q3. Some -- I mean, our understanding 
is in the market, there could be situations where certain products 
could be overstocked, for certain companies. But from our point of 
view, we are satisfied with our channel stocks at the end of Q3 and 
we don’t see that as an issue, actually. 
 
Varshit Shah: 
Sure, and just out of the blue question, I mean, is there a situation 
probably I’m at least anticipating that that could be sadly, it’s a 
tricky situation for all the companies in the industry that let’s say if 
the prices keep falling and you keep bidding till the end. And then, 
of course, you book it either you will not get the material and if 
you’re too soon to order and the prices fall further, then actually you 
end up making compromises on gross margins. It’s a tricky situation 
to take a call, I mean, at the industry level itself? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Yes, yes. That is true, that is very true. So, that is why like I alluded 
to earlier, we have reduced the time difference between ordering or 
taking pricing calls. For example, we have increased the frequency, 
let me put it this way, the frequency of these decisions has 
significantly increased. We are taking shorter duration calls. But in 
spite of that, what you’re saying is absolutely correct, because 
supply also, not just the price drop, what we’re alluding to, supply 
also can turn, I mean, from being available to not being available. 
And therefore, it is a tricky situation for the industry. 
 
Varshit Shah: 
Sure, because at least I am anticipating that everyone will go to buy 
in the market at the same time. So, availability might become a 
challenge. 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
That’s right. That’s why we are actually taking very, very close -- 
this is actually become in fact, in quarter three also similar situation 
actually prevailed. Ever since, I would say, from the middle of 
November to at least end of December, or maybe 20th of December, 
there was a significant increase. And then availability became a 

 
Page 21 of 25 
 
significant challenge. And therefore, I think we put our process in 
place in October, which I think has been timely. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajat Setiya from ithought 
Financial.  
 
Rajat Setiya: 
Sir, on the -- my question is about the innovation turnover index. If 
we look at it, it’s actually a proxy for our R&D and distribution 
strength. But this number hasn’t improved over a long period of 
time. So, what is the evaluation or analysis of the management team 
that what is going wrong and how you’re going to change that? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Okay. Yes. So, I think as you have seen in the investor deck, the 
innovation turnover index has been hovering around 10% to 12%, 
you can say, except for one year in FY ‘20, where it was higher. So, 
in the last couple of years, we have introduced products. But as you 
know, we have also had challenges in terms of being able to scale up 
some of those products as much as we could, even from the market 
standpoint, not just from the raw material, which we’ve spent a lot of 
time talking about availability and supply and that kind of 
standpoint, but even from the standpoint of being able to do physical 
detailing of these products, because it is very important for new 
products to be able to conduct differentiation activities, product 
differentiation activities to position them properly in the market. 
 
We have done, of course, as best as is possible under the 
circumstances with regard to following the COVID procedures and 
so on and of course using digital medium to the extent feasible. But 
certainly, that has been one important factor that has played out. But 
I think some of these hopefully should come down maybe if things 
improve on the virus front, maybe in the upcoming Kharif we should 
certainly have more physical detailing possible. So, that I would say 
has been one important factor, but yes, we are still continuing to 
introduce products and we will be backing them up with good 
promotional budgets and marketing activities, because we certainly 
wish to improve on the ITI for the domestic industry -- domestic 
business. 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
Sure. So, you are saying basically new product you have been 
launching, but the last two years markets were bad, so you couldn’t 
scale up? So, should you expect next two years to be different? And 
what is the number that you will be satisfied there, ITI number? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
I think it’s difficult to predict for the next two years. We are hopeful 
that it will certainly be better because what we have found is that 
some of the product – in spite of all these challenges, by the way, 
there have been significant improvements that we have seen on the 
products introduced in FY 20 – in FY ’22. So, these products have 

 
Page 22 of 25 
 
not really got the benefit of very good physical marketing demand 
generation work, both in FY ’21 as well as in FY ’22. So, that is one 
which is certainly giving us some hope for optimism. 
 
And secondly, yes, if the situation improves, I think this can 
certainly become even better. So, there is no specific percentage that 
we are able to sort of prescribe for a couple of years down the line, 
but we certainly are wanting to improve on this parameter. 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
Sure. So, my second question is about the Rs. 800 crore of Capex 
that is in the pipeline overall, and we’ve already spent majority of it. 
So, if we divide this into three, four categories like backward 
integration, capability enhancements in R&D, capacity expansion or 
anything known productive, interrelated, so, what is the broad break 
up here? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, Rajat, out of the Rs. 800 odd crore, what we had indicated as 
committed was around Rs. 550 odd crore. So, there is still some 
opportunity for us, which we’ll be sort of doing the proposals and 
planning during FY ‘23 for the other spend as well. And we have 
done debottlenecking, we have also, of course, there’s usual 
sustenance capital for replacement of old equipment, all these things 
have been there. Plus, there’s also been investment in our digital 
investments both on the market side as well as in the factory side for 
automation and bringing in Industry 4.0 concepts of IIoT. 
 
So, all these investments are going on, there’s investments in 
mechanization. So, they’re spread in various categories. Maybe next 
quarter, we will give you a split for the year as to how this has 
panned out over different categories of spent. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Lakdawala from 
Concept Investwell.  
 
Mayank Lakdawala: 
Just a couple of questions, first is on, how is your demand for the 
PEKK? Means in the last call you alluded that PEKK was not in 
production. So, has the production started? And what is the stage of 
illegal cotton overview? Can you give that, like did the returns 
reduced like in the last call you alluded that returns were around 
40%. And one more thing on, One-Rallis approach. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Okay. I’ll just answer the question on PEKK and then I’ll request 
Naga to fill you in on the other two points. As far as PEKK is 
concerned, last year, pretty much our sale was zero. And so far, our 
conversation with our key customer indicates that the revival of this 
particular product is again linked to the airline industry and the 
demand is yet to fully come back. We can only anticipate that 
towards Q3, maybe Q4 of next financial year, we will be able to 

 
Page 23 of 25 
 
restart this part of the business in any meaningful way. So, this part 
of the portfolio of ours continues to not deliver. 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Actually, as you know, the sales return in the end of H1, which we 
talked about the 40% figure what you talked about, that is actually 
pertaining to the Kharif returns. Q3, we have had stable situation on 
the sales returns. And part of the reason also is like I mentioned 
earlier about the bans in -- or rather the regulatory challenges in 
Bihar or like what Sanjiv mentioned about bans for paddy in AP and 
Telangana, we calibrated our placement. So, we have not had any 
challenges in terms of phase return. 
 
Second, in terms of One-Rallis, as you know, we had introduced it in 
the eastern regions from first of October. We are working through 
the alignment of the crop care and the seeds teams. The work 
commenced on different aspects, business alignment, IT alignment, 
training of our people, because as you know, it certainly requires the 
crop care team members to get familiar with the seed operations and 
vice versa. All of that has been underway and it is progressing quite 
satisfactorily. 
 
Moderator: 
We take the last question for today from the line of Suresh Kamate 
from Ubbu Business Solutions.   
 
Suresh Kamate: 
This is regarding our dependency on China. So, I read somewhere in 
the last year that it was around 50% is what you had dependency. So 
right now, where we stand on this thing? 
 
S. Nagarajan: 
Yes, this is -- the raw material dependency this quarter would be 
similar. I think it hasn’t changed, but like what we mentioned, we are 
actively looking to localize as much as possible. We have made 
progress in at least two of the products, one which is larger and the 
other one which is a little bit smaller in terms of value of 
procurement. But I think we will really be in a position to report on 
all of this maybe the next quarter. 
 
Suresh Kamate: 
Okay. And my next question is, majority of crop protection revenue 
comes from insecticides. And upcoming future crops are either 
CRISPR or GM seeds based. With these crops, necessity of 
insecticide will drastically going to reduce just like it has happened 
in the developed countries. So, how are we going to address this 
risk? Knowing this risk, why company is focusing on increasing the 
capacity on the insecticide? 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Your observation is absolutely correct. Of course, today in India, we 
only have GM cotton which is permitted. But you are right over a 
period of time, there would be newer products which are coming. 
Herbicide is an area of focus for us. Our investments in herbicide, 

 
Page 24 of 25 
 
especially for the export market has been increasing. And even on 
the domestic business side, we have introduced a number of new 
herbicide products for the local market. And that has actually grown 
quite nicely during the nine-month period. So, it is certainly an area 
of focus for us, investments may be happening in insecticides, 
fungicides, but that doesn’t take away from our building out the 
formulations that are required for the herbicides category.   
 
S. Nagarajan: 
No, that is right. In fact, if you see our focus on herbicide in the nine 
months period this year, if you compare our herbicide domestic 
market growth over the previous year, it’s more than 20%. So, we 
are increasing the share of herbicide in our portfolio and that is 
actually an outcome of the herbicide focus that we have brought. So, 
that is absolutely correct what you’re saying. The additional point is 
that even in insecticide and fungicide we do feel that there are crop 
pest segments that we will have to further cover. And therefore, we 
are also doing investments in insecticide and fungicide, but it is not 
at the cost of herbicide. It’s a combination of all is what we would 
say. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question for today. I would now like to hand the conference back to 
the management for closing comments. 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thank you. And as we move into the last lap of this financial year, it 
is with a whole lot of optimism. This year has, of course, been very, 
very, I would say challenging, largely led by a very erratic monsoon. 
And the forecast which we had for the monsoon for the current 
financial year was actually supposed to be a very, very stable 
monsoon, but due to various climate effects and all these changes 
have actually had a significant impact on the industry as a whole. 
And see in that layout in the terms of the results for various 
companies. 
 
And now, looking forward towards the next Kharif season, it is again 
anticipated that we will have a stable monsoon based on some of the 
El Nino El Nina kind of influences that impact the monsoon over 
India. As of now it is indicating a stable monsoon. So, we are going 
ahead with our planning with the expectation that we will have a 
good monsoon. And Q4 is now practically in the last leg. So, 
whatever planning and all has to be done all that is in place. And we 
are just trying to make sure that we can navigate it without any major 
issues in terms of application of these chemicals. 
 
And of course, supply chain continues to be an issue which our 
teams are navigating. We do have a planned stoppage of our plants 
during April. And if there’s any such eventuality where we find 
some particular raw material not being available, we can always 

 
Page 25 of 25 
 
advance our shutdown into Q4 so that we have a continuous run 
during the Q1 of next financial year. All these fine tuning and all the 
teams are currently working on. And we also needing to go through 
the challenge of the current Omicron wave, which is impacting many 
people, including our colleagues in Rallis. So, all necessary attention 
and care is being given so that we’re able to keep our team safe and 
at the same time conduct our business in the most appropriate 
manner. 
 
So, with that, thank you very much for joining this call.  
 
  
