-caLblft
rqrH2s
(`iT{IT H{q;TlfflEqa;q)     (th 3Trf qF  :  L659ioDLi986Goi026363)
dfty  5Trfu : ca a  i3i6&i349, RE ife, R 3rfe,  rs`ai`[JLrccD u5ed 50-a, apfflga. aj ca-110021
g=aiTa   :    011-24100385
INDIAN  RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION  LTD.
(A Government Of India  Enterprise)   (CIN  :  L65910DL1986G01026363)
Regd. Office  :  Room  Nos.1316 -1349, 3rd  Floor,   The Ashok,   Diplomatic Enclave:-50-8, Chanakyapuri,  New Delhi-110021
Phone  :  oil-2410o385,  E-mail  :  info@irfc.nic.in,  Website  :  www.irfc.nic.in
No: IRFC/SE/2021-22/76                                                                       18lh February, 2022
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited
Listing department, Exchange Plaza,
Listing Dept / Dept of Corporate Services,
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
PJ Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400 051
Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Symbol: [RFC
Scrip Code: 543257
Sde: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call
Sir/ Madam,
Pursuant    to     Regulation     30    of    the    SEBI     (Listing    Obligations    and     Disclosures
Requirements)  Regulations,  2015, as  amended  from  time  to  time,  please  find  attached
transcript  of  earnings  call  held  with  analysts  and  investors,  to  discuss  the  Financial
Results of the Company for Q3/ FY22 and Nine Months.
This is submitted for your information and record.
Thanking You,
For Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited
(V*.bulalshirode}
Company Secretary & Compliance Offlcer
Encl: As Above
rfe2a`'
CIN
L659iooLioee
coio26ac3

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PRITESH BUMB – DAM CAPITAL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMITABH BANERJEE – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - INDIAN RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
MS. SHELLY VERMA – DIRECTOR -INDIAN RAILWAY 
FINANCE CORPORATION LIMITED 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Railway Finance Corporation 
Ltd Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pritesh Bumb of DAM Capital. Thank you, and over to you, Sir! 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, I would like to 
welcome you to the conference call of Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd. This 
afternoon we have with us, Mr. Amitabh Banerjee – CMD IRFC, Director Shelly Verma 
and other team members of the management. I would like to now hand over the call to 
CMD for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Thank you very much and good afternoon to all. I will just go through the presentation 
slide-by-slide. Going to the first slide that shows the key strengths of our organization 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd, which happens to be the dedicated market 
borrowing arm of Indian Railways, last year in FY2021 we financed 67% of the total capital 
outlay with an annual disbursement of Rs.1,04,369 Crores that was the highest ever 
disbursement since our inception in 1986 in the last 35 years and the AUM has grown at 
38.83% in the nine-month ended December 2021, as against the corresponding period in the 
last year and the total AUM stands at Rs.4.02 lakh Crores as on December 31, 2021. 
 
It is a lower rate cost of business model that IRFC operates on, and we have got a strategic 
relationship with the Ministry of Railways which enables us to maintain a very low risk 
profile with a nil NPA. We never had any NPA in our books in the last 35 years i.e., since 
our inception. It is a cost-plus standard lease agreement that we enter into with MoR.  
 
We enter into a financial lease agreement every year with Ministry of Railways both for the 
rolling stock disbursement as well as for disbursement towards the project assets and there 
has been a consistent spread on the cost aspect while pricing our lease rental which stands at 
40 BPS over the within average cost in case of rolling stock and 35 BPS in case of project 
assets. 
 
IRFC is categorized by very competitive cost of borrowing which is because we have got 
diversified portfolio of borrowing instrument and we are rated at par with the sovereign. As 
far as the offshore bond issuances are concerned or the offshore loans, we are rated at par 
with the sovereign by all the three, Moody’s, Standard and Poor’s and Fitch and in the 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 15 
domestic market we have got the higher credit rating by all the three agencies CARE, ICRA 
and CRISIL. 
 
There is a strong asset liability management which is in place in the organization. IRFC 
happens to be a non-banking finance company, so therefore asset liability ALM is the core 
of our business model and we borrow on long-term basis in such a way that dovetails with 
the tenure and the terms, they coincide and they dovetail with tenure of the loan that we are 
giving to Indian Railways. So, the question of any mismatch in the asset liability is avoided. 
 
Ministry of Railways is another important factor towards this ALM, that there is a particular 
covenant in the agreement that we enter into with Ministry of Railways on yearly basis that 
in the unlikely event of IRFC failing to repay the loans on the scheduled date both in terms 
of repayment of the principle as well servicing the ventures, then Ministry of Railways will 
pitch in with requisite liquidity well in advance so that IRFC does not stand to default on 
the payment date. 
 
Although, in the last so many years IRFC never had that occasion of invoking this particular 
clause and forcing Indian Railways or Ministry of Railways to provide for any short fall at 
all.  We have never had that occasion but theoretically this is a good comfort for the 
investor community. 
 
There has been a consistence financial performance that IRFC has been giving out over a 
period of time with the profit growing at 56.71% on a Q3-to-Q3 basis, so in the quarter 
ended December 2021 the profit grew by 56.71% compared to the corresponding period of 
the last financial year. 
 
Revenue from operations also grew by 27% on a Q3-to-Q3 basis, our organization is 
characterized by very low overheads of hardly about 0.14% of the total turnover and there is 
a very good return ratios there at return on asset at one point, 4-5% return on equity at 
15.62% for the third quarter on an annualized basis. 
 
As we have already mentioned earlier, we are a nil taxpaying company as of now and we 
have got a lot of regulatory exemptions from RBI and other oversight agencies because 
IRFC is almost treated as a quasi-government entity. We are exempt from BRC 
classification norms, provisioning norms and exposure norms of RBI and we are now not 
appear in MAT and because of good amount of an absorbed depreciation balance in our 
book our taxable income falls to below nil. 
 
The next slide shows the strategic role that IRFC has been playing in financing the growth 
of Indian Railways. As far as the Indian Railways, the coverage of Indian Railways is 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 15 
concerned it caters to only 50 routes limited per million population as against 592 in Russia 
or 464 in USA or 437 in France, so we have got a long way to go as far as infrastructure 
building is concerned and as far as the opening up the railway sector to the people at large is 
concerned. 
 
The Ministry of Railways increasing dependency on IRFC is about safe by the track that 
over the years, say from FY2018 when we used to only finance 36% of the total capex 
requirement of Ministry of Railways, we have grown to 67.3% to end of the last financial 
year. We play a very strategic role in financing the growth of Indian Railways and the assets 
under management has grown from Rs.1.5 lakh Crores in 2017-2018 to Rs.4.02 lakh Crores 
to end of Q3 of the current financial year. 
 
The disbursement has also grown in an exponential manner from Rs.36,722 Crores in 
FY2018 it has gone to Rs.1,04,369 Crores to end of FY2021 and to end of Q3 in the current 
financial year it has logged about Rs.43, 745 Crores. If you look at the AUM break-up on 
the right-hand side of the graph, it shows that about 98% of the total AUM is the loan that 
we have given to Ministry of Railways by way of financial leasing out of which 54% is 
accounted for the project asset financing and the rest 44% is on account of rolling stock 
financing and the 2% of the AUM is accounted for by the loan that we are giving to RVNL 
and onetime loan that we had given to IRCON. 
 
This has already been cited earlier in the first slide, there has been even spread that we 
charge the weighted average cost of funding in our lease rental from Ministry of Railways 
at 48 bps about the WSC seen in case of rolling stock and 35 bps in case of project assets 
we have been quite consistent over the last three-four years and we are raising funds at the 
lowest possible cost amongst the various term lending institutions in India and this directly 
benefits the Indian Railways in terms of saving in their finance cost and this goes a long 
way towards making the project assets and the rolling stock assets viable.  
 
Going to the next slide: If you look at the borrowing mix of IRFC, the major portion is 
through the domestic bonds which accounts for 46% of our total borrowing portfolio this 
includes the 54EC capital gain tax bonds also and followed by rupee term loans at 31%, 
ECB happens to occupy about 15% of the total borrowing portfolio and the borrowing mix 
as on December 31, 2020, the corresponding period of the last financial year you would see 
that the ECB portion was 10% as against 15% to end of Q3 this year and the domestic 
bonds used to be much more by way of percentage of the total borrowing mix at 59% which 
has come down to 46% and this particular space has been taken up by more of rupee term 
loans because of getting better terms as far as the RTL portfolio is concerned from IRFC 
stand point. 
 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
We are getting AAA rating from all the domestic credit rating against the CRISIL, ICRA 
and CARE, AAA in case of long tenure papers and A1+ in case of short term papers. 
Moody’s, S&P and Fitch and JCRA they all rate us at par with the sovereign with stable 
outlook. IRFC has been flinting out a consistent financial performance over the years with 
net interest income up to Q3 at Rs.4654 Crores as against Rs.4597 Crores during the 
corresponding period last year. 
 
The operating expenses is at only 0.11% of the total turnover up to Q3 of FY2022. The 
return ratios are pretty healthy at 15.62% as far as the ROE is concerned and on an 
annualized basis return on assets is at 1.45%, capital adequacy ratio is at 466% to end of Q3 
2021 and the net gearing ratio now stands at 9.34% to end of December. The net interest 
margin stands at 1.62% which has grown from 1.45% to end of March 2021. 
 
The other key ratios are the net gearing ratio as I said earlier is 9.34X and earning per share 
to end of December is Rs.3.52 and return on equity is 15.62%, other ratios I have already 
dealt with. The snapshot of the key financials and as under the revenue from operations is at 
Rs.14, 367 Crores for the nine-month period of the current financial year as against 
Rs.11,315 Crores to end of 31st December 2020, so year-on-year there is a growth of 27% 
in the revenue from operations and the bottom line has grown from Rs.2933 Crores in the 
corresponding period of the last financial year to Q3 of this financial year it has gone up to 
Rs.4597 Crores, so profit after tax has grown by hopping 57%. 
 
I think that brings us to the end of the presentation, our balance sheet size has also grown 
from Rs.3,08,000 Crores to end of December FY2021 to Rs.4,31,000 Crores to end of Q3 
2022 and in September FY2022 it was Rs.4,08,000 Crores on a quarterly basis it has 
increased from Rs.4.08 lakh Crores to Rs.4.31 lakh Crores, so that is the sequential growth 
that we have had in the last quarters. I am open to questions if any. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Just while we wait for as any other parties to connect you which 
would like to ask some questions, Pritesh from DAM Capital. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Just one or two questions before someone come out. Sir, in the mix of borrowings you 
mentioned that term loans has increased to about 31%, can you just indicate what will be 
the tenure of this incremental really, in terms of how much year or is it short-term, long-
term how is it? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
It is all long-term loans with a 15-year tenure. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
So, these will be primarily from banks, right? 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Primarily from banks both PSU’s as well private corporate banks. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Right and Sir at what rate we are contacting these loans? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
These are very comparative rates as compared to other financial institutions we are getting 
at very, very competitive rates I would not be able to diverge the rates right now, but you 
can get the information offline, but it is at very, very competitive rates and our weighted 
average cost of funding has also been decreasing over the years and this fact is borne out by 
the fact that the WFSC has gone down over the years. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Sure, but do you see the NIM sustaining as the MOU renewal in such a contract basis from 
the way we can see that if they decreased their pricing for us will you see that clinch way 
moved up or can it sustain at this level about 165 basis points? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
As far as the NIM is concerned, yes it would have this kind of an organic growth that we 
are having right now, in future also and the likelihood of the margin or the markup over the 
cost and likelihood of that coming down in the times to come is absolutely practically ruled 
out. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Sure, and would you like to also indicate what mix will generally we have in the borrowing 
side, as you said you went for a better term with the banks, how do you see the mix shaping 
up as rates rise going ahead? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
We have to see how it pans out in the next financial year, but as we talk now you would be 
aware of the fact that the bond market is stiffening a bit and there is going to be lot of 
government borrowings in the next financial year also. So, it all depends on how the market 
pans out and accordingly we will take a call and how much to raise money through issuance 
of bonds and how much to do it through RTL or to the term loans from the financial 
institutions or through the offshore window i.e., either the off shore bonds and there is 144A 
format or disintegrated loans from overseas market. It all depends at that point of time how 
the market pans out, but we will definitely go for the lowest cost borrowing. So, this year 
since the bond market was bit hard and there was enough liquidity in the market indeed and 
the financial market, so we took advantage of the lower cost as far as the rupee term loans 
from banks and financial institutions are concerned. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
So, there is no cap internal basis where we will try to end up having it, because it is 
important for you, as you said that ALM is very important, just wanted to check on basis of 
that? 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, there is no such cap number one and definitely ALM is our topmost priority and that 
would not be really hamper or that would not be really impacted by any of these variables, 
so we do take into account ALM whenever we go for borrowings. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Got it. Sir, second question was on the gearing ratio we feel that it will sustainably moving 
up and indirectly this also improve the ROEs towards 15%, what is your view on gearing 
ratios now, do we see any further increase in the gearing ratio beyond 10 or do we see a 
gearing ratio will move down which also slightly bring down our borrowings, what is your 
view on that? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
 As far as I have already mentioned this in my previous investor calls also, we are okay with 
going beyond 10 also if the situation so arises number one and number two is that going 
forward there is no such issue as such the gearing as concerned we have 9.3X right now and 
this year we do not need to raise any fresh capital as far as our further disbursements to 
Ministry of Railways is concerned with the given gearing ratio and we will be able to 
manage within 10 as far as this financial year is concerned and in next financial year we 
will take a call, but definitely we can go beyond 10 there is no resistance from our side or 
from the ministry side nor from any other agencies that is why we do not feel any kind of 
resistance to that. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Last question from my side, in the opening remarks you mentioned that generally every 
year would be Indian Railway contractors renewed, is that correct? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
I am sorry, every year? 
Pritesh Bumb: 
The railway contract for rolling stock is renewed is what I heard, is that correct? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
I could not get your question, can you just, we are renewing? 
Pritesh Bumb: 
You had a comment in the opening remarks about every year renewal from? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
No, that is the business model we have, every year we enter into a fresh lease agreement 
with Ministry of Railways for the incremental disbursement that we are giving to Ministry 
of Railways in that particular year. Therefore, what happens is that in a particular year say 
we are giving Rs.1,04,000 Crores say in FY2021, so there is a fresh lease agreement for that 
particular portion of the amount that we have given to Indian Railways, and last year it was 
about Rs.71,000 Crores. So, every year whatever loan we are disbursing we have a fresh 
lease agreement for that particular amount. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Sure, and when is this period when the visibility starts? 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
After the expiry of the financial year. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
So, basically after March end we will go and see for the visibility of next year FY2022? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Thank you, Sir. That answer my questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Garg from Aviva. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Garg: 
Thank you for taking my question. I have couple of questions, first of all what is the 
disbursement target for FY2022 and if there is any number that you are thinking of FY2023, 
and another question is how much borrowing is left from the capital market for FY2022 and 
what is the plan for FY2023? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
As far as the next year’s target is concerned that has already been noted in the budget and 
that was announced on 1st of February about Rs.68,000 Crores the initial target, the initial 
estimate and what is your next question? 
Nitin Garg: 
How much is the borrowing from the capital markets left for FY2022 and what are your 
plans for FY2023? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
We have now got a revised target of Rs.65,000 Crores, for FY2022. We have already 
disbursed about Rs.44,000 Crores to end of December in the Q3 and about Rs.20,000 
Crores more will be required. 
Nitin Garg: 
How much will you borrow it from bonds, is there any number? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
That all depends, the point is that it all depends on when we go for raising finance at that 
point of time which is more economical, whether the bond market gives better returns in the 
sense that it gives more yield or the loan markets. So, it will not be possible to give a finite 
number to that but as rough shot formula if you want it will be more tilted towards raising 
money from the loan component than the bond component, simply because the bond market 
has really stiffened over a couple of months, and we would not like to go for further 
issuance of bonds as it stands now. 
Nitin Garg: 
I think term loans sounds with the caveat of the level of rate changes every year in every 
pear in terms of if you are borrowing from bank? 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, it is reset every year. Even that everything is factored in and it is not we just take the 
nominal rates everything has factored in we know that and also in case of bonds we have 
the rates fixed but taking all of that into account we take the final call on whether to go for 
bond and how much to go for bonds of course it is not exactly either all. It is a diversified 
mix, so sometimes the mix is tilted in favour of rupee term loan or disintegrated loans from 
the overseas markets and sometimes it is tilted in favour of the offshore bond’s issuances or 
the domestic bond issuances. Like recently we had gone for 500 million USD green bond 
issuances in the month of January, and we got a very good rate. So, it all depends on 
particular at any particular point of time what is the rate prevailing at that point of time and 
whether it is beneficial to IRFC and to Ministry of Railways. 
Nitin Garg: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anirudh Arondekar who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Anirudh Arondekar: 
I want to ask will IRFC look into increasing the margins from right now 40 bps to 50 bps 
considering it is ranging much lower rate in comparison to PFC’s or REC? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
You see the point is that we have represented to our parent ministry for raising the rates for 
the last three years, but because of the obvious reasons, because of financial constraints and 
in the wake of COVID there has been some fiscal constraints, so there is a bit heart risk is 
raising the margins, they are actively considering it but you must appreciate one thing that 
since it is the cost plus kind of a business model so there would be an inbuilt kind of a 
resistance to that from government of India, but they are actively considering it. We have 
already represented as far as the increase in margin is concerned and they have got their 
own reasons of not increasing it right now, but they are open to the idea.  
Anirudh Arondekar: 
Okay, just another question, if IRFC in the future will be going only focus to lending 
Ministry of Railways or company is looking to funding any other companies or private 
sectors also? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, we are looking towards diversifying our lending portfolio and there are quite a few 
other entities that we are talking to, we are talking to other state governments also like 
Government of Haryana has approached for funding their infrastructure project and we have 
actively engaged with them and similarly we can lend for other infra projects also which has 
a backward or forward linkage with Indian Railways and we are open to and we are open to 
funding the private sector also if it falls within our mandate. Definitely we are open to 
diversifying our lending portfolio in the days to come.  

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Anirudh Arondekar: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question being is from Sri Ram Prasad. Please go ahead. 
Sri Ram Prasad: 
Good evening, sir, and congratulations on a good set of results. My first question is with 
respect to the previous answer you gave with respect to funding private and state 
government entities. How would you see the risk profile of IRFC changing when you fund 
private entities and state government because right now all the advantages we have as IRFC 
the no NPA’s, no risk weighted assets because it is going into the sovereign and all, all that 
is set to change. So, is it that we are interested in funding private and state government 
entities, because the finances of state government entities in many states are not as robust as 
taken exposure to the central government So, my first question is with respect what is your 
thought process on the same and why is that you are moving away but also looking at 
something which is slightly increasing the risk profile IRFC’s assets? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
That is a good question. The point is for any organization worth is solved, as a organization 
it does look forward to widening its scope of activity, number one only then it remains as a 
dynamic entity. Now, just limiting yourselves to the sovereign, it used to be at one point of 
time, but you need to grow when you look at PFC, you look at REC they have also 
diversified their portfolio and they are doing very well for themselves. Now, here also 
definitely we are not gearing away from funding the sovereign only should not be the aim 
as we have got the ability to raise resources at a very comparative rate and going forward 
even if we go for funding the state government entities or the private sector entities with 
sound balance sheet, with sound track record behind then and with the proper due-diligence 
that is required for advancing the loan, if those are in place I do not foresee any kind of a 
down rate to our rating, number one and number two is that also broadens our horizon, it 
increases the scope of bettering the financial ratios and that would give a lot of spurt to the 
development trajectory of an any Indian  Railway Finance Corporation Ltd. So, I feel that 
diversification is the right way of pushing the organization beyond the bond that has been 
set now and you need to push the envelope when you grow and I think that this is a right 
time the economy is growing you should leverage on the opportunities that the infra sector 
in particular throws open to the financial institutions and since we have got a better ability 
to raise finances for the infra sector, I feel that we should go ahead and diversify to beyond 
railways if possible. 
Sri Ram Prasad: 
Sure, sir. My next question is slightly there could be a difference of opinion, but I primarily 
see IRFC as an investment bank to the Ministry of Railways instead of borrowing they use 
this vehicle that is in between and lend it. So, why is not IRFC trying to deleverage its 
balance sheet by InvITizing or securitizing and taking things of the balance sheet so that we 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 15 
are not hitting those leverage ratios consistently and free up lot of capital to be re-
distributed as dividends or buyback that support share price. Because, it is the same thing, it 
is easy to put these loans or project assets into InvIT securities them and thereby reduce 
your balance sheet size and free up capital to be able to give more dividends or more 
buybacks and increase the share price. I primarily see IRFC as an investment bank and not 
necessarily as an NBFC. So, are there any thoughts along those lines in order to de-leverage 
the balance sheet? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Your suggestions I will take in, you have also sent us a mail I suppose couple of days I had 
seen that, that is right your suggestion is well taken. We have done securitization earlier 
also and in fact we were the first entity to have done that securitization of sovereign lease at 
this point of time and we also read the fact that securitization will also help to improve the 
financial leverage when we reason off balance sheet funding and it will definitely boost our 
network on account of profit that would have raised because of interest rate differentials and 
all that. But as such InvIT are concerned we do not have any physical assets so we do not 
go for InvIT there is no question of going for any InvIT, but securitization is definitely an 
option that we are actively considering. But having said that I would just like to mention 
here that it is an instrument of fund raising the securitization, so it does not offer any cost 
advantage to IRFC on account of this securitization, because basically financial institutions 
they take resort to securitization when they got various category of loans in their books, so 
in our case it is a uniform kind of loans that we are giving to Ministry of Railways, you 
cannot really cherry-pick the loans or the receivables for the purpose of securitization for 
help in  improving the rating and credit quality which in turns will help us borrow at a cost 
lower than the cost at which we borrow very conventional route. So, it does not really 
benefit us from the point of view of cost angle, it does not give us any cost advantage. That 
is okay, but your primary point is taken, yes it will help in de-leveraging, and we are 
actively considering this route also it is not that we have not taken this route earlier and now 
also we are taking this route and we shall definitely consider this in times to come. 
Sri Ram Prasad: 
Sure, Sir and one ancillary question with respect to that, when the bank gives a loan to 
IRFC what is the risk size the bank carries on that loan is it zero or is it something else? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
I would like Samantaray to respond to that, please. 
Samantaray: 
In fact, the bank used to assign a risk of 20%-odd, earlier public financial institutions were 
given a concessional risk weightage of 20% but way back from 2006 in fact RBI has made 
it uniform like for any NBFC, for public financial institutions basically the 100% risk 
weightage if you can. 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Sri Ram Prasad: 
Sure, so if we are to securitize these assets to the very same banks who is giving us the 
loans then there is risk rate arbitrage for the banks as well, because they carry the same 
exposure, but because of the sovereign exposure they will get zero risk weight is that 
correct to be I am understanding it? 
Samantaray: 
Yes, your understanding is correct, definitely that there will improve because that will carry 
a zero percentage definitely because that will have a direct exposure to the sovereign. But at 
the same time when bank invests in corporate variable securities, they go for herd of pretty 
kind of they are not the category of investors who go for help to maturity kind of 
investment. So, in this respect even if they have advantage in terms of improvement in that 
area, they will export some kind mark to market risk that also has to factored in and second 
also like you will accept the fact that when they are investing in my bonds and when they 
are investing in the pass-through certificate which underlies the securitization transactions 
the PTC’s are still to penetrate the Indian financial market they are highly illiquid. So, bank 
find it difficult because in our past experience that I am telling you like no bank should 
have take up our past in fact the PTC papers, so those like insurance companies and others 
they used to invest in that kind of or some mutual funds. Because of this liquidity problems 
as well as this mark to market rates banks also they are not that encouraged to invest even if 
they have the advantage in terms of CRA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question we have is from Sarvesh Gupta of Maximal Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good afternoon. Sir, one question is on your dividend policy. I think PSUs in general have 
this 5% of networth on 30% of net income whichever is higher, so according that the 
dividends that you should give for the financial year maybe around Rs.2000 Crores odd. So, 
are you going to adhere to that policy or what is the thinking in terms of dividend for this 
financial year and for the coming years? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Last year we got a dispensation from DIPAM because we have to follow the DIPAM 
guidelines in this particular regard. So, we got a dispensation from the clause of 5% of 
networth, we pay dividend at about 31% which met with the other criterion of 30% of net 
income. I think we will adhere to that formula in which the financial is also it will be 30% 
of that with the assumption that we shall get a dispensation from DIPAM in that regard in 
this financial year as well as in the coming years. We intend to stick to the 30% of PAT 
formula as far as the dividend distribution is concerned. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay, and secondly sir, in terms of the disbursement obviously this year is probably going 
to much lower than last financial year and may be even in FY2023 where we have seen 
budgetary outlay grow up by around 27% odd, so FY2023 disbursement may also be lower 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 15 
than FY2021. So, what is the long-term trajectory here in terms of how can we grow the 
disbursements, what can be the clause? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
so, that wherein taking the queue from the previous question, when it was the question that 
why should we go beyond Indian Railways in our lending portfolio. So, this is the answer to 
that question, that FY2021 was bit of an exceptional year because there was a huge 
financial constraint in that particular year, there was no economic activity, it was at its 
lowest edge, so GDP had contracted and there was very, very low budgetary support for the 
infra creation in Indian Railways therefore IRFC is the only resort available. Now, with the 
GST collections and the economy back on track in the current financial year thankfully, the 
government is in a better position fiscally and the government budgetary support for infra 
creation on Indian Railways is also quite healthy in the current financial year and in the 
coming financial year also in FY2023 the budget allocation has gone up and simultaneously 
the capex target of Indian Railways have also gone up but definitely as has been rightly 
stated by you the disbursement by IRFC to Indian Railways will not touch the figure that 
we achieved in FY2021. So, that was almost a one-off kind of a thing, but with the kind of 
capex requirement of Indian Railways as per the infra plan of the government of India is 
concerned of Rs.111 trillion to end of 2030 it is about Rs.13 Lakh Crores that railways plan 
to spend on capex. So, with that kind of a capex close in view and the national rail plan in 
place NRP 2030, I think or the kind of disbursement that IRFC would be making to Indian 
Railways will be maintained at the level that we are in this financial year, probably in the 
next year it will be more than this year and we plan to maintain that. But as rightly stated by 
you we need to now diversify and we are looking at other avenues where we can finance 
other infra projects in the state government sector or in other private sector projects also 
doing with proper due diligence as well as loan disbursements are concerned since we have 
the net advantage of raising funds at very economical source, as very competitive source we 
would like to leverage that to advantage as far as diversification of lending portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. Our next question is from Bharat Jain who is an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Jain: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. I have been following IRFC and you for last one 
year and what all the questions which I had in mind have already been asked, one about 
raising funds through vIT or InvIT other on the route and dividend policies also, so 
whatever questions have already been asked but still I would like to ask is, what is the kind 
of route we see in the company for next three to five years if you have a million from that? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
We expect a very healthy growth as far as IRFC’s disbursals are concerned to Indian 
Railways because of the National Rail Plan which is already been tabled on parliaments 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 15 
earlier and the organic growth of IRFCs portfolio would definitely be maintained there is a 
sustainable growth lying ahead as far as IRFCs AUM is concerned and definitely we are 
looking at a very healthy growth in the years to come. But our orientation would be 
definitely to diversify our lending to beyond Ministry of Railways that is the underlying 
thing that I would like to emphasis this in this particular call that we are actively 
considering the opportunity to diversify our lending portfolio. 
Bharat Jain: 
In forward flow the diversification and thanks, the only suggestion again me to look at 
improving the debt equity ratio by monetizing few of the heads possible. 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes, that point is well taken and we are actively considering the aspect of securitization, we 
have done earlier but as has been just now pointed out that for securitization to happen the 
bankers should also be coming forward. Now, the response of the bankers earlier was not 
that vibrant primarily because of the liquidity as has been mentioned by colleague earlier 
that the PTCs are not that liquid that you do not have a very liquid market of these pass-
through certificate. So, that is why the bankers were not that forthcoming as far as the 
securitization was concerned but we shall actively consider securitizing some of our lease 
receivable from Ministry of Railways in the coming days to de-leverage our balance sheet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint we have the last question for 
today will be from Mukund Agarwal. Please go ahead. 
Mukund Agarwal: 
Just wanted to know what is the proportion of your book which has the dynamic lending 
rates. The rates get changed every change in the repo rate or is it all your lending book is at 
fixed rate of interest and what is the duration of your lending book if you can tell me? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
As far as the flexible rates are concerned because in the domestic market it is about 31% of 
the total portfolio borrowing mix that we have which is having a variable rate, bonds which 
has got a fixed rate of 46%, in the ECB portion also we have a substantial portion which is 
through the variable rate that is the syndicated loans. So, about 40% would be variable and 
rest of it would be fixed I mean back of the envelope calculation kind of the thing and what 
was the second question? 
Mukund Agarwal: 
Is it also in variable rate? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Which one? 
Mukund Agarwal: 
Your lending, Sir? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Lending is also absolutely variable. 

                                           Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
February 14, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Mukund Agarwal: 
What proportion of your book is at variable range? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
About 98%, infact more than 98% even the RVNL portion is also in this, it is cost plus 
model. So, whatever fluctuation is there in the rates they all pass through to Ministry of 
Railways. 
Mukund Agarwal: 
So, that is why Bank route is more preferable to us? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Mukund Agarwal: 
We do not want to carry the risk of that fall and rise. Okay, I got your point. Sir, what is the 
duration of your lending book it does not matter now it is on variable period? 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
10 to 15 years. 
Mukund Agarwal: 
10 to 15 years typically. Okay Sir. 
Amitabh Banerjee: 
Typically. 
Mukund Agarwal: 
Thank you very much for taking my questions, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was today’s last question, and I would now like to hand the conference 
back to Mr. Pritesh Bumb for closing comments. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Thank you, Sir. Thank you for giving us opportunity. Thank you, all the participants, for 
joining in.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and Gentlemen, on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
