REF.NO. /GHCL/AHMD/2021-2022/363A 
DATE: JANUARY 17, 2022 
To 
To 
ISO 9001 :2008 I ISO 14001 :2004 
OHSA$ 180 01 :2007 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
REF: Security Code No. 526367 
REF: Company Symbol: GANESHHOUC 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
SUB: - EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL - TRANSCRIPT 
Further to our letter dated January 12, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript for Q3 
FY2021-2022-Eamings Conference Call held on Thursday, January 13, 2021. 
The 
Transcript 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on the 
Company's 
website 
viz; 
www.ganeshhousing.com. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED 
~D 
JASMIN JANI 
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Encl : As above 
GANESH CORPORATE HOUSE 
100 ft. Hebatpur-Thaltej Road, 
Nr. Sola Bridge, Off. S.G. Highway, 
Ahmedabad-380 054. Gujarat, India. 
CIN:L45200GJ1991PLC015817 
P +91796160 8888 
F +91796160 8899 
E ganesh@ganeshhousing.com 
W www.ganeshhousing.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited Q3 FY ’22 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors” 
 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. NEERAJ KALAWATIA – VICE PRESIDENT 
FINANCE, GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. RAVI – CORPORATE AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS, 
GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS LLP 
Go India Advisors 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to 
the Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited Q3 FY 
‘22 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Go India 
Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation 
concludes. 
Should 
you 
need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta 
from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes, thank you, Faizan. Good afternoon, 
everybody, and welcome to Ganesh Housing 
Corporation Limited earnings call to discuss the 
Q3 FY ‘22 results. We have on the call with us 
today, Mr. Rajendra Shah, Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Neeraj Kalawatia, Vice President, Finance; 
and Mr. Ravi, Corporate and Financial Advisor. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today’s 
call 
may 
include 
certain 
forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
May I now request Mr. Rajendra Shah to take us 
through the company’s business outlook and 
financial highlights, subsequent to which we’ll 
open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Thank you, Rajat. Good afternoon, ladies, and 
gentlemen. We thank you all for joining us on this 
call. I would like to start by saying that all of us at 
Ganesh Housing Corporation hope that you, your 
friends, and your family remain safe and healthy 
amid the continuing challenges posed due to 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
COVID-19. We also wish everyone happy 
Uttarayan, which is supposed to be tomorrow. 
 
 
While COVID created setbacks in many areas and 
many sectors, the real estate sector has benefited 
from the same. The work from house scenario 
created fresh demand for sector and thus structural 
changes 
created 
new 
opportunity 
for 
the 
established and financially strong players. We feel 
that this momentum will continue well in the 
current year also. The sector is also capitalizing on 
healthy economic outlook. Indian economy is 
expected to grow in the range of 8% to 9%, which 
is driving growth in demand for larger and bigger 
home in major Indian markets. This should 
naturally push prices upwards. 
 
We also feel that pandemic has reaffirmed the idea 
of community living as it gives a more fulfilling 
lifestyle with a sense of safety and belonging. And 
we expect that demand for such homes will be 
strong due to the restrictions in mobility because 
of COVID demand -- because of COVID. Demand 
for residential real estate could be pushed slightly 
by a month or so but facts like lower interest rate, 
supply and delivery will continue to generate a 
strong interest from buyers, which will continue to 
tilt scales in favor of higher tech ops. 
 
 
Coming to our performance during the quarter 
gone by, on the operational front, we had done a 
new sales of INR 662 million during this quarter, 
which saw a growth of 33% versus quarter three of 
last year. And in terms of booked area, which came 
from four projects, we booked approximately 
176,000 square feet, which is 37% higher than 
same period last year. Additionally, our collections 
during the quarter remained at 400 -- INR 465 
million. Also, if I -- I must give you one more 
parameter, 3% of our sales have come from units, 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
which are costing less than INR 50 lakhs, 84% of 
our sales have come from units which are costing 
between INR 50 lakhs to INR 100 lakhs and rest of 
the sales have come from units which are costing 
more than INR 100 lakhs, for the quarter ending on 
December 2021. 
 
As of December 2021, we have unsold inventory 
of 185,000 square feet, which is expected to fetch 
INR 825 million in current market scenario. Also, 
ending December 2021, we had unsold completed 
inventory of 96,000 square feet, which we value at 
INR 504 million. 
 
 
I now briefly touch upon our quarter three FY ‘22 
financial performance. Our revenue increased by 
12% on year-on-year basis, and our top-line was 
761 -- INR 761 million versus INR 678 million, 
same period last year. We maintained a high 
EBITDA margin of 42.3%. Margins have 
remained healthy due to various cost cutting 
measures that we have adopted across the projects 
along with the sales and marketing function, which 
has been digitally optimized. 
 
Also prices -- also the sale prices in our projects 
have increased consistently. Profit before tax for 
quarter three FY ‘22 came in at INR 247 million, 
which is 25% higher as compared to quarter two of 
FY ‘22. And the PAT was reported at INR 248 
million, which was up by 63% as compared to 
quarter two of FY ‘22. Our debt has further 
reduced from INR 4,288 million ending on quarter 
three FY ‘21 to INR 1,600 million currently. 
Ongoing and upcoming projects in the key 
locations of Ahmedabad provide us with a great 
comfort and visibility of cash flow, which will help 
us to deleverage further. We have been diligently 
improving in deleveraging our balance sheet. And 
over last two years, we have reduced our long-term 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
debt by a whopping 76%. We currently have a 
comfortable debt equity ratio of 0.3x. 
 
 
Coming to our future growth prospects and 
guidance, we continue to have a strong and robust 
pipeline of projects, in which we have four 
residential and two commercial projects. These 
projects are being launched in phase manner, with 
two projects being launched in next 6 to 12 
months, three projects being launched over the 
next 12 to 24 months, and one project being 
launched within next 24 to 36 months. We 
continue to target developing about 8 million 
square feet of infrastructure and special project 
like SEZ, township etc. in next four years, with a 
total sales revenue of approximately INR 30,000 
million. The expected sale price of this project will 
be between INR 4,000 per square feet to INR 5,000 
INR per square feet. 
 
 
With this brief introduction and update, I would 
like the floor to be open for questions and answer. 
Rajat, can you take over please? 
 
Question and Answers 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes, the Operator will take over, yes. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their 
touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue you may press 
‘*’ and ‘2’. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. Reminder to the 
participants, anyone who wishes to ask a question 
may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. The first question is from 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Biplap Debbarma: 
Good morning, sir. Hope all is well at your end. 
Sir, my first question is on your -- on the profile of 
the customers and so what percentage of your 
customers, say in the last -- what percentage of 
your customers currently would be -- would have 
availed home loans out of the total sales you have 
done in the say last six months or one year? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Sure. Biplab, what I understand and what I see is 
we have two segments of projects which are 
ongoing. One is affordable one wherein ticket size 
is about INR 50 lakh per unit. Other one is in 
slightly higher segment, so where ticket size is 
between INR 70 lakhs to INR 1 crore. And apart 
from that we have one completed project called 
Maple Tree and Maple Trade Center where we 
have unit which is costing roughly about INR 1.5 
crores to INR 2 crores. So, in these three different 
segments, we have different experiences. Like in 
project where ticket size is lower, generally people 
go for loan -- housing loan only once they 
complete major contribution from their side. 
However in other two projects where ticket size is 
more than INR 50 lakhs, the availment of home 
loan and everything is very fast because there 
people go for higher tax benefits and all. So our 
experience has been almost about 70% -- more 
than 70%, 75% of the people have gone for 
housing loan across all the projects. But where 
ticket size is lower, people generally wait till the 
time they exhaust their self-contribution, and 
thereafter they go for housing loan. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. That is -- and sir, is there any change in 
trends, before, say two to three years ago, the 
percentage was different and the behavior was 
different or it is -- this is continuing post-COVID, 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
post this low interest rate regime or is it the same, 
this has been your experience before also? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
No, in fact, attractive interest rate is one of the 
factors which is driving those -- some of those who 
were not earlier availing housing loans were 
interest rates were in the region of 9% to 10% for 
mortgage loans. Now, interest rates falling to sub 
7% people are tending to go for higher home loans 
that had been listed. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. And the second question is on related to -- 
see sir, to be honest, I have to confess, Ahmedabad 
market, the real estate market is -- we have been 
following, but we don’t have much knowledge. So 
bear with me. Sir, second question is in general, in 
your projects, based on your experience -- so much 
wealth of experience, which ticket size is the 
sweetest, like in Mumbai, INR 2 crore -- INR 1.5 
crore to INR 2 crore seems to be the sweet spot for 
most developers and in terms of sales. In 
Bangalore INR 70 lakhs to INR 1.2 crore seems to 
be the sweet spot that is what we are told. 
Similarly, in Pune INR 60 lakhs, INR 70 lakhs. I’m 
just trying to understand what would be the sweet 
spots in your projects, where you see significant 
demand or and in general, in other market, this is 
the sweetest. This ticket size we won’t call 
luxurious or affordable, we’ll call say, mid 
premium or premium projects, the sweet spot. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Understood. See, Rajat -- see, Biplab my -- first of 
all we need to understand rate per square feet is one 
of the factor which is driving -- which will decide 
what ultimately will be your ticket size. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Yes. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Now rate per square feet in Ahmedabad is 
something which is continuously going up. 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Because of one, demand which is there. Second, 
input cost for real estate project has also been 
going up. Now, still after having increased some 
increase in rate per square feet, Ahmedabad rates, 
in majority of the area of real estate has still -- are 
still within reach of affordability because we -- you 
will see some of the new growth areas like 
Vaishnodevi Circle, which is commanding rate of 
INR 4,000 to INR 5,000 per square feet. A year 
back, same area rate was somewhere around INR 
3,700 to INR 3,800. So, there has been a price 
increase, but still INR 5,000 a square feet will give 
you in ticket size of INR 60 lakhs to INR 65 lakhs 
still a descent 2BHK unit, which is not the case 
with what you compared Mumbai or Bangalore 
market. Mumbai or Bangalore market rate per 
square feet itself is very high. We consider that 
anything, which is costing about INR 70 lakhs to 
INR 75 lakhs, is something which is a very sweet 
spot for Ahmedabad market. 
 
Our experience of Malabar 3 is something which 
is like -- which I would like to share with you. We 
opened bookings for Malabar 3 project in February 
and by the month of -- February ‘21, by the time 
we approached May ‘21, we had almost everything 
sold out. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. That’s exactly. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Because our ticket size for Malabar 3 was putting 
into less than INR 70 lakhs, INR 75 lakhs ticket 
size. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, sir. And sir, thank you. Sir, one final 
question on this market. Sir, your margin -- you 
have mentioned your margin. So, that is quite high 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
for -- in the markets what my understanding is, in 
markets like Bangalore, Pune that kind of high 
margin is unheard of. Barely people are able to 
make 25%, whereas Mumbai market, margins are 
quite high, but the volume is not that high. 
Ahmedabad market, margin is high and volume 
seems to be good. So, sir, I’m just trying to 
understand is this the normal that that kind of 
margin making that 40%, 35%, 40% is the normal 
margin. Any developers -- say tomorrow, some 
developer enters Ahmedabad and he started 
buying land or does JDA, and he sees this as decent 
traction. Everything there -- everything is remain 
the same. Would that developers earn that kind of 
margin that your margin or you have something 
very unique that makes it -- makes that kind of 
margin, sir? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Thank you, Biplab. Thing is, our business model 
makes it -- makes the difference. See, we generally 
acquire land at nascent stage when the land is away 
from city center development. And we generally 
keep patiently waiting till the time that land 
becomes part of the city’s development. So that 
historically acquired land will -- see, construction 
costs for any project will be -- will not be very 
much different for different areas. Of course, 
premium 
producers 
will 
have 
different 
construction costs, but again, difference will not be 
more than 30% to 40%. However, land cost is 
something, which will create difference in margin. 
If you have historically acquired land at very 
reasonable prices, then you’re -- in terms of 
margin, you can’t go wrong. 
 
So just to say that we have very strong land bank, 
which are historically acquired and our land price 
is, meaning land cost is under check, which gives 
us a clear-cut advantage above all other 
developers, which gives us this kind of margin. 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
I would like to add to that, see, the whole future 
outlook and the strategy of the promoters always 
have been to identify land in the areas where they 
see potential growth. And that is actually the 
business acumen, I would say, because they look 
at areas which have been traditionally growing one 
after the other, and they start acquiring land in an 
area which they know in the coming years is 
definitely going to increase. So that helps them to 
keep the land cost under check. And when it is -- 
when the development has started, the prices 
which are obviously market driven, allow this 
profitability margins to be always high. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay, okay. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you, sir. All 
the best. I’ll come back in the queue. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Thank you, Biplab. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants to ask a question you may 
press ‘*’ and ‘1’. The next question is from the line 
of Darshan Mehta from Ventura Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Darshan Mehta: 
Thanks for taking the question. Sir, can you just 
give us what would be the construction cost per 
square feet for you? And like, is the cost different 
for a residential project to vis-a-vis a commercial 
project? 
 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
See, roughly our observation has been in the mid 
segment cost -- the average construction costs 
largely ranging to INR 1,200 to INR 1,400 per 
square feet. 
 
Darshan Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, is this inclusive of the land cost or 
this could be exclusive of that? 
 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
This is exclusive of the land cost because land 
costs we track it separately considering that we 
have a land bank historically acquired. 
 
Darshan Mehta: 
Okay. And so -- and this land bank -- so basically, 
I was just trying to analyze this for residential -- 
since you had made a statement that we would be 
doing close to INR 3,000 crore of development in 
next four years. So I just wanted to know, like, 
what could be the land cost of this, approx. number 
if you have? 
 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
See, the number, the exact number, we don’t have 
currently in foresight, but most of this, almost 
entire projects are planned on the land which are 
already acquired and which are in our fold. So, no 
new land bank has to be acquired for these 
projects. 
 
Darshan Mehta: 
And sir, within this INR 3,000 crores worth of sale, 
so, how much would be -- like, is there a breakup 
between residential and commercial? I think this 
has -- from total of six projects, right? Four 
residential and two commercial, right? 
 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
Yes. 
 
Darshan Mehta: 
So, can you just give a breakup of like, how much 
would be from residential and how much would be 
from commercial? 
 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
In terms of what? 
 
Darshan Mehta: 
As in, in terms of INR 3,000 crores worth of sales 
that you are saying, how much would come from 
residential, and how much would come from 
commercial? 
 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
See, largely it will be 60-40. 60% will be the -- 
from the residential side, and 40% from the 
commercial side. 
 
Darshan Mehta: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Reminder to the participants, anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. 
The next question is from the line of Palak Chopra 
from Kapoor Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Palak Chopra: 
Hi, thank you for taking up my questions. So, we 
have 500 acres of freehold land and with your 
existing, ongoing, and potential project pipeline, 
like not that significant have we identified any 
planned projects for the vast vacant land? And also 
could you please tell us what would be the 
combined present value of all the land parcels we 
own? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Thank you, Palak. We have, in phased manner, as 
I told you during my opening remarks, we are 
going to -- we have planned out six projects which 
are going to come up in next 12 to 30 -- 6 to 36 
months. So that way we are going to utilize the -- 
a very small portion of 500 land -- 500 acres of 
land bank that we have. And it will be difficult for 
us to give you what -- some sort of valuation 
because we have not done any market valuation of 
this land bank, what we have with us. However, 
historical only, just to give you some bit of idea, 
our historical cost of acquisition of this land is 
very, very miniscule as compared to current 
prevailing market rates. 
 
Palak Chopra: 
Okay, right, that was very helpful. And sir, my 
next question is… 
 
Ravi:  
Just -- Palak, just I can add to what Rajendra has 
just said. Now, in the vast land bank, which is apart 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
from what -- which is going to be utilized on which 
all those projects are there, there is a particular plan 
which is being -- it’s under actually approvals and 
all that. And that’s the one which you have spoken 
in the public place a couple of years back, and that 
is that Township project. Now, Township project 
is something which has not yet completely 
upcoming -- not yet approved, let us say, and 
therefore, maybe in the next couple of months or 
so, once that is final, we’ll be coming up, and that 
probably will be allowing us to use the land bank 
which is there in a major way. So I think till that 
point in time, all these announced projects are what 
Rajendra just said, will take up a small portion of 
the entire land. Now you can go ahead with the 
next question, please. 
 
Palak Chopra: 
Right. Right. Thank you. So, sir my second 
question is, how are we doing leveraging on digital 
front for new sales? Like, could you please give a 
breakup of what percentage of sales would have 
happened through this medium? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Sure. See, one of the very strong brand recall and 
our reputation and our strong loyal customer base 
is something which is helping us for new sales 
very, very greatly. Just to give you an idea, 
whatever sales which has happened recently, in 
last nine months, almost about 40% of those sales 
have happened by way of referrals from our loyal 
customer base, who have referred to either their 
friends or families or acquaintances. Now rest 60% 
of 
the 
sales 
have 
come 
from 
various 
advertisements or other activities we have -- what 
we have done. 
 
In last nine months, we have we have taken some 
innovative steps of not doing any kind of hoardings 
or print media advertisements. However, we have 
focused very much on digital platforms and digital 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
platforms, just to say some of the sources like, 
Facebook or Instagram or some of the real estate 
portals have given us these kinds of leads, which 
have converted into sales. I -- Neeraj, do you want 
to add anything? 
 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
Yes. Just to add that around, if you say, 55% of our 
sales is happening through our existing reference 
database only. And roughly 40% of the sales are 
happening through social media and digital media, 
which consists of many of those platforms and 
Google and Facebook, all the leads, and only -- 
hardly a 3% to 4% which are actually happening 
through the median channels only. 
 
Palak Chopra: 
Okay. Right, right. Thank you so much. That was 
all from my side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, to ask a question you may 
press ‘*’ and ‘1’. The next question is from the line 
of Pranav Gala from i-Wealth Management. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, Pranav, you are. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Hi, sir. I hope everything is going well. Thank you 
for the opportunity. Sir, we just wanted to know 
two things. One is what are the pre-sale that we are 
expecting… 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Pranav, we have a different -- we have a problem 
with your audio. There is a lot of echo coming. I’m 
not able to hear… 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Is it better now, sir. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, it is much better. 
 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Pranav Gala: 
Sir, so, just wanted to know two things. One is, 
what is our pre-sales expectations when it comes 
to this yearend, as we have already done to INR 
242 crores in the nine months, what are we 
expecting for the year? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Actually it is factor of two things. One is area 
which is open and available for sale today is very 
less because there are only two ongoing projects 
what we have for sale, Malabar 3, and Malabar 
Exotica. Malabar 3 is virtually completely sold 
out. And Malabar Exotica is almost about 80% 
sold. So, what we are left with is about 20% of 
Malabar Exotica for sale and some office area in 
Maple Tree and some residential units, very few 
residential unit in Maple Tree and Maple Trade 
Centre. So, we are not -- meaning we are expecting 
good sales from these two, three projects. 
However, the project which are on for launching 
next very recent -- in very sooner period, there we 
will expect again a good response from new 
customers. So, which are Malabar Retreat is the 
new residential project what we are going to come 
up. There we will expect handsome booking. We 
are already getting encouraging inquiries from 
customers. However, because it is not registered, 
we can’t accept any booking right now. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Right, sir. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
That is all that I can say. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Right. So, this Malabar Retreat will be the new 
launch that we are expecting by this current 
summer, the upcoming summer. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, no, no, next month, month and a half. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Okay. 
 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Rajendra Shah: 
Current quarter itself. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Okay, got it. And the other thing is, sir, as you 
would -- just a clarification, sir, the unsold 
inventory number that you had given was INR 83 
crores, right? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
So, that was based on what? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
So, unsold number of INR 83 crores which was 
given actually consists of about INR 50 crores of 
inventory which is already completed and to be 
sold, and about INR 30 crores of the inventory 
lying in Malabar Exotica. Some residential units 
which are unsold in Malabar Exotica, as I told you, 
about 20% of the Malabar Exotica units are yet to 
be sold. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Okay. So, we can assume that this INR 80 crore 
worth of sales can happen in the coming quarters 
excluding the Malabar Retreat. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Correct. So, that will be just a additional sales for 
us, when it comes to Malabar Retreat in the current 
quarter. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Pranav Gala: 
Okay, got it, got it. Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Thank you, Pranav. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, to ask a question, you 
may press ‘*’ and ‘1’. The next question is from 
the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Thank you again. Sir, I just -- I don’t know whether 
I have heard correct, so you said cost of 
development is INR 1,400 to INR 1,500 per square 
feet? Is that -- am I right? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
So it is -- I’ll just give you a better perspective. It 
is INR 1,200 to INR 1,400 per square feet on 
construction area. And here construction area also 
includes parking and other amenities and other 
development. Just to give you some sort of idea, 
on -- in terms of carpet area of development, this 
would be roughly about -- more than INR 1,800, 
INR 1,800 to INR 2,000 difference. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
The sales area that you give us, you mentioned, 
that is carpet area or construction area? What is the 
sales medium? When you say per square feet, we 
have sold, what is that? 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes, it sellable area. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So on sellable area, what would be cost of 
development, because I want to compare apples to 
apples. Sellable area this is the rate, sellable area, 
so this is the cost of development. So that I know, 
reverse calculation I can… 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
That will be -- sellable area will be almost akin to 
construction area. So about INR 1,200 to INR 
1,400 what we have said will be cost of 
construction per square feet for the residence. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, if that is the case, sir, is -- I mean in many of 
this -- even for the tickets, even for the affordable, 
isn’t it very much on the lower side? Normally any 
construction costs nowadays, whenever you -- it is 
INR 2,200, INR 2,400. Or is it the construction 
cost very low in Ahmedabad? 
 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Rajendra Shah: 
No see, you must be comparing Bangalore and 
Ahmedabad 
-- 
Bangalore 
and 
Mumbai 
construction cost with these construction costs. I 
would tell you basic difference is, cost of approval 
is different. Secondly, height of building also plays 
a very mercurial in total construction cost. Again 
construction costs meaning margins, which are 
enjoyed by your contractor are something which 
plays a vital role because in Mumbai construction 
is 
very 
challenging 
affair. 
However, 
in 
Ahmedabad, it is very simple affair, meaning 
getting approval for any real estate project is like 
cakewalk, if any Mumbai developer comes to 
Ahmedabad. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, sir, how can -- this brings me to another 
question is -- how -- so is the process -- I mean, if 
the process is that easy, if the approval cost is low 
and all these things, how easy or difficult would it 
be for a new player to enter the Ahmedabad 
market? Like just to give you -- you would know 
better than I know, but you know that Mumbai 
market is very difficult in terms of approval, 
understanding the nuances and understanding the 
customers, vis-a-vis say Bangalore market. 
Bangalore market in general is not that difficult to 
enter. So, in that sense, how easy or difficult would 
be your Ahmedabad market if I say a branded 
player, something like, say, Godrej wants to enter 
Ahmedabad or someone… 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Godrej is already there in Ahmedabad, but -- 
however, just to give you some sort of perspective, 
see those developers who are working in Mumbai 
are used to kind of margins which they enjoy in 
Mumbai. Of course, margins -- rupees per square 
feet margins are okay, but in terms of IRR, and in 
terms of everything else, because of various 
difficulties and complexities of getting approvals 
and various factors their project delivery timeline 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
is very high. As against that -- I have been a 
Mumbai, I have worked in Mumbai for almost 
about 20 to 25 years. 
 
So, my experience with Mumbai has been, in terms 
of margin, yes, the projects will give good margin, 
but risk are involved in development and risk 
involved in terms of meaning, kind of timelines 
which are required for delivery of project are very 
high. As against that, you will hardly see any of the 
Ahmedabad project delayed beyond reasonable 
limits. And any developer who is working in 
Mumbai, who is used to work at high margin, may 
-- margins which are -- decent margins which are 
available in Ahmedabad might be one of the 
benchmark for them to come to Ahmedabad, 
though he will have ease of getting approval. So, 
this is one factor. 
 
Apart from that, another factor is Gujarat land 
acquisition and waiting title clearance and all those 
age which we have developed over years may not 
be some of the areas where Mumbai developer 
may be expert in -- may become expert in 
Ahmedabad because he may take -- he may be 
there on at the start of learning curve, as far as title 
clearance, local title clearance and getting 
approvals might be concerned. So I personally feel 
that real estate is lot of localized business. Some of 
the very large developers who tried to go India -- 
go pan India, they had to come back to, again, their 
core areas where they feel a lot of trend. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Okay. And one final question on this thing. If you 
track customer profile, can you give us some 
insight within the service, private or which 
industries, or is traders, small time traders, 
government job holders, what kind of profile, if 
you have that kind of data or insight? If you could 
provide us, that would be great, sir. 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
We have studied our customers’ profile and I 
would say some of the areas where we are 
operating presently, first of all, proximity to 
Gandhinagar is one factor which is driving our 
sales and demand. Gandhinagar is known for some 
of the political activities, some of the government 
employees, some secretariat of government of 
Gujarat is there in Gandhinagar. Some of the 
government employees are our client, some of the 
very well-known hospitals are in the vicinity, some 
of the doctors are our clients. Apart from that some 
of the affordable housing -- residential housing 
project what we have developed is actually lapped 
up by some of the customers who are working in 
some of the private industries at mid-management 
or higher management level. 
 
So basically, these has been the profile. However, 
Maple Tree and Maple Trade Centre, we have seen 
a lot of traders and businessmen and some of the 
industrialists occupying some of the flats. So I will 
say customer profile depends a lot on which area 
you have your land bank and your project. If that 
location is attractive to what kind of customers, 
accessibility is something which is very, very 
important in Ahmedabad and I’m proud to say that 
wherever we have land bank in Ahmedabad, those 
are one of the most accessible and very, very good 
locations in Ahmedabad. So -- which is driving our 
-- meaning demand for those locations and those 
project is driving our sales and recoveries. 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Thank you, sir. That’s all from my side, sir. 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, Biplab. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the Management for closing comments. 

 
Ganesh Housing Corporation Limited 
January 13, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Rajendra Shah: 
So thank you, guys, for showing keen interest in 
our quarterly con call. Hope to see you on Q4 call. 
Thank you so much. And wish you happy 
Uttarayan from our side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go 
India Advisors, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
