Ref: STL/REG-30/BSE/NSE/ 2021-22/101 
Dated: 10th February, 2022 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
SANDHAR 
Growth. Motivation. Better Life 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited 
C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra, (E), Mumbai- 400051
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDBAR 
Sub: Transcript of Investor's Conference Call held for 03 FY 2021-2022 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with part A of schedule III to the SERI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
With further reference to our letter dated 03rd February, 2022 related to the Investor Conference Call 
and pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(ao) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor's 
Conference Call held on 07th February, 2022 to discuss the financial results for the quarter and nine 
months ended 3 I st December, 2021. 
The above information will be made available on the Company's website www.sandhargroup.com. 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
17
ECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Komal Malik 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
. Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Corporate Office : 13, Sector-44, Gurugram-122002, Haryana, India. Ph: +91-124-4518900 
Registered Office : 8-6/20, Local Shopping Complex, Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi- 110029, India, Ph:+91-11-40511800 
Email - enquiries@sondhor.in; website - www.sondhorgroup.com; CIN - L74999DL1987PLC029553 

Page 1 of 20 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2022 
ANALYST: 
MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYANT DAVAR – CO-CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
of Sandhar Technologies, hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks Steven. Good morning everyone. On the behalf of Dolat Capital I welcome you all 
on the third quarter conference call of Sandhar Technologies. From the management side 
we have with us Mr. Jayant Davar – Co-Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr. Yashpal 
Jain – CFO. Now I will hand over the call to Mr. Davar for his opening remarks post which 
we can have the question and answer session. Over to you Mr. Davar! 
Jayant Davar: 
Thank you, Abhishek and thank you Steven for this opportunity to talk to you about the 
industry etc., and of course Sandhar. So while numbers and I am going to leave all of those 
to Yashpal Ji to explain, I am happy to begin by once again welcoming you all, wishing you 
a very, very Happy New Year, and also from a perspective of Sandhar just to give you a 
broadside that we have in terms of nine month comparison over last year these nine months 
have been remarkably better. 
Despite this being one of the most challenging quarters that we have seen in history. The 
commodity prices have gone out of the window and in some cases gone up by almost 30%, 
40% so while the current quarter that we are in is stabilizing, the impact of the growing 
commodity prices or the rising commodity prices have had a plague on every company in 
the sector inside and outside. 
In the nine months, we have had two difficult things that have also happened one is the chip 
shortage as you are all aware of, which has impacted the output of all four-wheelers and 
then in terms of two-wheelers at the entry level model there has been a slump in demand. 
Putting these two things together I think it has been a challenging quarter and our numbers 
for therefore the last three months have not been what we had expected out of the beginning 
of the year. The silver lining of course is that while the entire industry has gone down, we at 
Sandhar have managed not only to out beat the industry but show positive results. 
So I am going to leave it there and then you can start your question and answer session and 
I will ask Yashpal Ji to kind of take on questions where numbers are concerned and I will 
happily and supplemented with whatever any future looking statements are. Thank you. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
Page 3 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abhishek Gaoshinde from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Thank you Sir for the opportunity. First of all, if you can share your outlook for quarter four 
or first half of the next financial year? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, Abhishek I am not allowed to give you numbers for the quarter. All I can tell you is 
that this quarter should be better on account of two or three things. One, I understand the 
chip shortage situation is improving and therefore we should see some uptick where in 
terms of numbers of vehicles being sold, you are aware that so far we have lost almost 0.5 
million cards in terms of production during the year. I do believe that most of the car 
companies now are saying that things are getting back to a level which is better than what it 
was in the last quarter and therefore one should be able to see better numbers there that is 
one, on the two-wheeler front again I understand from FADA that while sales have been 
low, the footfalls have started to happen in the showrooms. So that again is a positive, 
positive thing. The third positive lined up stuff right now is that like I said the commodity 
prices have started to kind of stabilize and therefore you are aware that companies like us 
when the commodity prices go up and keep going up our impact lasts for at least three 
months and even longer if they continue to grow. But on stabilization the compensation that 
we get from the customers bring us on to a normal platform. So, we expect that to happen 
and the losses that you get or the impact that you have of rising commodity prices is taken 
off the table. So those are three statements that I can made with whatever I can see right 
now obviously I cannot talk to you about the entire quarter. I do not want to open the 
astrologer’s ball here, but that is where it is. In terms of absolute numbers we cannot give 
you any forward looking statements here. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
No, these are helpful directional things are happened. Second thing Sir, you have applied 
for the PLI scheme. If you can elaborate that what kind of products or categories we are 
targeting under this PLI scheme? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, we are looking at several and I am happy to tell you that in the two-wheeler segment 
for example, we are looking at a lot of electronics. We are also looking at batteries and 
BMS’s we are looking at battery chargers, we are looking at motor controllers, we are 
looking at DC/DC converters and for the four-wheeler segment, some of our technology 
partners have already started doing stuff internationally which we brought to India 
including the rear parking sensors, cameras, security systems, lane departure warning 
systems, heads up display, the radars and kick sensors, different kind of sensors and the 
stuff that I have mentioned earlier. So there is a lot in the kitty right now. We are still trying 
to consolidate and build the demand, a lot of it is mandated, a lot of it will become 
mandated by the government and we should be in position to be able to take advantage. 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
Page 4 of 20 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Just one last question with Mr. Jain. Sir earlier you are looking to apply for the PLI scheme 
just based on directionally if you came for that? 
Jayant Davar: 
We already applied for the PLI scheme. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
No, my question is that based on your assessment there, how the profitability or return of 
investment would be different, if you have invested in the same project without PLI scheme 
just directionally your comment? I am not looking for a specific number. Directionally how 
the things would be different with the PLI scheme? 
Jayant Davar: 
No Abhishek it is very difficult to talk commercials right now. All I can tell you is that the 
PLI scheme in itself has a built off module of anywhere between 4% and 11% depending on 
the product, depending on the investment and depending on how quickly you can do it over 
the next five years. So while there will be an investment anything if you were to say in like-
to-like if I was to do it we have the option depending again on the amount of input cost, on 
the amount of value addition, on the amount of distance to be travel anywhere between 4% 
and 11%. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Okay Sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanket Baheti from GeeCee Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Thank you Sir for the opportunity. Couple of questions; Sir how much capex you have done 
in nine months and what is the total capex will be doing in this financial year? 
Yashpal Jain: 
As of now in nine months we have done a capex of close to 134 Crores. 
Sanket Baheti: 
For the total capex? 
Yashpal Jain: 
For the fourth quarter we are again expecting to go something around 50 Crores or so, so 
annual capex we are planning around 184 Crores in this current financial year. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Sir next year? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Next year well as we move we are commissioning the specific projects for our clients so 
next year apart from our regular capex we have a plan to go for another capex of close to 
100 Crores. 
Sanket Baheti: 
I think it is approximately 80 Crores of your maintenance capex and 100 Crores will be this 
combined? 

Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
Page 5 of 20 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, maintenance capex that is a need base capex. It is not a thumb rule that we have to 
forcefully incur capex  equal to the depreciation , it depends,  but yes 100 Crores we will be 
spending on our expansions as of now, and this figure will keep on changing based on the 
businesses that we are securing from the customers. 
Jayant Davar: 
Let me just supplement there. We are currently in this particular year. The idea was to 
commission five new plants, you are aware that the Nalagarh plant was inaugurated. This 
was done in the month of December and in the month of January we have started 
commercial production. We have now facilities coming up in Halol, in Hosur- Tamil Nadu, 
in Mysore in Karnataka and then an international unit in Romania. If you were to look at 
what the outflows, net outflows there is a total capex and there is a net outflow as well and 
this is taken after consideration of the incentives or subsidies that have been provided by the 
State or the Federal Governments. The total capex we look at for the plant here in India, 
Yashpal Ji you want to give a number and also for the total net outflows for all these five 
plants. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, definitely I will provide it, Sir. Four plants we are building up in India. 
Jayant Davar: 
Five including the one that we have one so that will give them where is coming from. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So 291 is the capex gross capex that we were doing in India, 159 Crores is the estimated 
capex for Romania plant so this is the gross capex that we have planned, if we take out the 
subsidies and etc., which will be something around 115 Crores, if we take out this will be 
roughly around 200 Crores of the capex sir out of the 190 Crores is the figure of a net capex 
after we consider there are various benefits on subsidies. 
Jayant Davar: 
That is one the other thing that you have to keep in mind is that all these plants are fully 
booked from day one so when they start they go into full force production we do not have a 
gradual increase of production that we are looking at which means that a large part of the 
revenue will appear against these investments in the next financial year itself. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Sir by when these plants are expected to start? 
Jayant Davar: 
While we are looking like I said Nalagarh has already started, it is building up and ramping 
up, we have Halol which should also go into production in this financial year itself. Hosur 
and Tamil Nadu also we are targeting the month of March, in Mysore it will take us another 
three months or so. So we are looking at probably June and Romania again is something 
where we are looking at June of 2022. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Sir what will be the total revenue from this? 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Jayant Davar: 
Well again we are building a capacity to overall have revenue from these five plants to the 
tune of about 780 odd Crores. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Most of that will come in FY2023 itself starting from FY2023? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well depending on when it starts and obviously it takes a couple of months to stabilize but 
otherwise the capacities are fully booked. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Sir in terms of sheet metal components I think we have reached revenue around 116 Crores 
during the quarter. So further new plants will be catering to the sheet metal components, is 
it right. 
Jayant Davar: 
No, not all. Yes, some of them are sheet metal in India but Romania continues to be our 
growth and expansion of high precision aluminium castings. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Sir, last thing. What is the gross debt and net debt at the end of the quarter three? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Our gross debt stands at 356 Crores as at the December end and our net debt will be around 
350 Crores. 
Sanket Baheti: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navneet Bhaiya an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Sir, my question is regarding you have targeted new product that you have explained in 
your presentation for both the two-wheeler and the four-wheeler segment so do we have tie 
ups for these with OEs already and where are we getting the technology from for most of 
these products? 
Jayant Davar: 
Come again I did not get the question, please once again? 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
These products that we are developing the targeted new products for the two-wheeler and 
the four-wheeler segment things like battery chargers, keyless solutions, there are several 
products that we have listed in our presentation so do we already have tie-ups for these with 
the original equipment manufacturers or once we developed it how does it exactly work 
does it work on a pool basis? 
Jayant Davar: 
It works two ways one is co-creation. A co-creation is it depends on the model, depends on 
the OEM so I can give you a couple of examples which will probably exemplify what I am 
saying. You brought about let us say keyless entry. Now the keyless entry which is the new 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
or the futuristic way of locks or security for vehicles, there are different elements to it, if 
you take a two-wheelers themselves there are different levels, right now the loss that we 
provide cost anywhere between Rs.300 and Rs.500 odd. Going forward as keyless entry 
comes in the minimum level would be Rs.1600 and the maximum level would be Rs.8000. 
Now these obviously means that the features that get involved in keys bring in different 
technology so you would be happy to know that your company has one our own R&D 
which is developed the one which is the cheapest level of the keyless entry locks, we have 
Whetron which is let us say the worldwide supplier for Suzuki and Honda where the cost is 
about Rs.3500 when we also have technology partners of Honda Lock who have been our 
partners now for 30 years where the difference could be between Rs.5000 to Rs.8000 but 
they cover up the entire end of the platform that runs for the next three generations. So that 
should give you we not only have one we have almost three backups for the kind of 
technologies that we are looking to offer and depending like I said in the model of the OEM 
depending on the features require. We have adequate backing of the right kind of 
technology partners to take us through this. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
If I understand it correctly any of these products that they are developing we have some 10, 
15 or maybe 20 odd products listed do we already have a tie-up with the OE once we 
develop it to supply to that respective model? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, whatever we are developing is being developed, you see we are, so there are certain 
elements I will break this up into two, there are some components where we are current 
suppliers. Locks for example we are the largest lock producing companies obviously all the 
OEMs that are looking for anything futuristic in terms of technology for the next three 
generations, four generation of their vehicles co-created well then there are items which we 
currently do not do especially in the field of EVs and so on and so forth. Now there because 
the customers do not know that we do them and the customers do not themselves also have 
the technology because these are new ideas but the market is kind of developing they are 
reaching out to people who have technology tie-ups and we have those technology tie-ups 
so like I mentioned with several of our joint ventures and technology partners. So we are 
inviting that people are coming in we are now at a stage where we have started talking to 
them about technologies, features availability that they are looking for, the commercials and 
so on and so forth. So that is where the scenarios are, that the traction seems to be building 
on the components that I mentioned earlier. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Two related questions to these so new product that we develop not upgradation like the 
locks that you have mentioned the new product that we are building on what proportion of 
our turnover let us say a medium-term to these constitute I know cabins is soemthing that 
you get a few year back but just wanted your sense on that how long that they take to ramp 
up a new product that we are building all together? 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Jayant Davar: 
It depends on the change over where the OEM looks like. I brought you an example of let 
us say the keyless entry locks these obviously bring a huge amount of premiumization to 
the vehicles. So like I said Rs.400 locks goes to a minimum of Rs.1600 there has to be 
affordability that the OEM sees which he can afford to put in as inputs into his vehicle and 
there has to be a market cost. Now everybody knows that there is an upgraded component 
available the technologies available so they will gradually built it up starting from where 
high models and then bringing it down to all their models so it does take time but it is very 
difficult for me to say how long that can take there are soemthing which are adopted and 
adapted very quickly there are some that takes a few years and more. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
I understand and my second question was in terms of traction with new OEs so how does 
that work and how long does it take to build up a new key partner or new customer? 
Jayant Davar: 
Build up a new customer. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Yes, new OE, so we have Hero, we have TVS, we have Tata Motors, Honda? 
Jayant Davar: 
I am at one point of time we used to be very happy when we use to say well we use to have 
a mandate or a KRA for the company saying that we should add one customer a year that 
has not changed if you ask me if you are looking at rounded established customers. But in 
current times you are aware there are 64 new EV suppliers that have come into the platform 
now should I consider them as our customers and adding and saying that we have added 20 
or 30 more that does not make sense while we are adding but the size of the customer and 
the size of business that we can do per customer is very important. EVs is still nascent gain 
and therefore it is difficult for me to say which ones we will work out, which ones will 
grow their volumes, which one will become substantial, but obviously we want to keep our 
foot in the door and therefore we are entertaining most of them. Going forward we will have 
to say which ones need the criteria that works for us we typically like to have a customer 
who is a 100 Crores and more of business for us right now there are several new ones which 
are much, much, much smaller, but on an overall platform we like to believe that our KRA 
of getting a new customer that offers us a minimum of a 100 Crores of revenue on an 
annual basis is still very strong. 
Navneet Bhaiya: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Good morning Sir. First of all congrats for decent set of numbers in the challenging quarter. 
Sir my question is related with the aluminium die casting business which we have seen an 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
increase in numbers in this quarter and quarterly run rate has gone up to the 1.7 billion if we 
add foreign subsidiary number. So can we assume that this number will be sustainable in 
coming quarter? 
Jayant Davar: 
Absolutely, I see no reason why you know that we made investments in fact I would be 
disappointed if you only say sustainable it should be a growing number that is what we are 
anticipating hoping we have been growing even in the quarters where our output of the 
OEMs and the overall industry has been grow we manage to not just keep our head up now 
whatever we have grown and we will continue to grow. 
Abhishek Jain: 
No Sir the company got a lot of the additional business from the HMSI, TVS and Denso for 
aluminium casting especially for the tools and molds so what is the quantum of orders and 
how much incremental revenue will get in FY2023. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well again I cannot talk a futuristic numbers, I am sorry, but suffice to say that like I said 
HMSI was a customer that we added in the last year they have given us several components 
some of them have been productionize others are under development this is an ongoing 
business for us and like I said every element of any new customer that we want onto our 
platform should be about a 100 Crores reach so therefore we are looking at those targets 
going forward whether it is for aluminium whether it is for the new locksets business that 
we have got now from HMSI I am sure you are aware whether it is a business of sheet 
metal that we have got from HMSI that again I think I made aware in our last investor 
meeting. So HMSI is going to grow to a large customer products going forward that is what 
we are hoping, that is what we are developing it for, that is where investments are being 
made that is where we are engaging with them on a regular basis. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So Sir this quarter we have seen sharp revenue growth in the foreign subsidiary that margin 
has seen a sharp contractions. So can you throw some light on it what is the region of 
margin contraction in the foreign subsidiary which used to get a higher side in earlier 
quarter? 
Jayant Davar: 
Is that right, I do not think so, I do not see a margin contraction. Overseas subsidiaries they 
have perform very well Abhishek. Our overseas subsidiaries have done very well here. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So can you give numbers of the overseas subsidiaries like the revenue and the margin in this 
quarter. 
Jayant Davar: 
Of course that I have in front of me. Yashpal Ji you have them individually. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes I have them individually so I will just give, Sir. 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir my next question is related with the cabin and fabrication business you have owned 
seven new business in India, in overseas, demand for excavators is quite a strong so just 
wanted to know what is the outlook ahead for both revenue and the margin for the cabin and 
fabrications business? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, if you ask me it will be very difficult for me to tell you, because of the fact that I am 
not supposed to talk about it all I can tell you is that I think last month was our highest level 
month in terms of output and that is an area which his going extremely strong. Add to it 
what has been announced in the budget you have seen the focus on infrastructure and if that 
is going to be the case I think that is one area of pressure for us happy pressure though in 
terms of growing sales and we see that not abating in the near future. So I think in terms of 
our run rate we are already at a run rate of 40, 42 Crores a month in that business and I 
think things will only improve thereon. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir my last question relative with this JVs performance can you throw some light on the JVs 
performance each and everyone. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, JVs performance this year again one quarter the first quarter was not good with the 
COVID scenarios lot of our joint ventures are with the Southeast Asian countries including 
Korea and so on there were certain elements in the JVs which you are supposed to be out of 
India only for exports however because of no travel which was allowed during this period 
some of the delays came in, in the introduction of those model outputs to sales in Europe 
and America and also back to Korea that has put a little bit of delay and obviously because 
these are delicate companies as being new companies any pressure or stoppage of sales for a 
period of time also impact the bottomline however happy to say that we manage to keep 
things under check the sales has now begun to grow and Yashpal Ji will give you the 
numbers. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anish Moonka from JST Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Anish Moonka: 
Thank you. Jayant Sir while no one knows how the future bill evolve due to the inherent 
cyclicality of our industry. Still as much as we understand Sandhar is targeting a 30% 
growth over the next three to four years. I have two questions related to it. Firstly what part 
of the target is dependent on the increasing market share in the auto ancillary industry 
whether be it due to the new products or just increasing market share in old products and 
what part is dependent on a possible auto upcycle in the upcoming year. The second part is 
on the capacity that we have where we have given a capex guidance of just 100 to 125 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Crores yearly basically equal to our depreciation so given our past asset turnover of just 2.5 
to 3x that just adds a revenue of 300 Crores. So are the current capacity is enough to 
support this 30% growth target? Thank you. 
Jayant Davar: 
See on a bulk basis our capacity utilization at this point of time if I was to aggregate it 
amongst different components, amongst different technologies, I think should be between 
60% and 65% so that is point one. Point two is that you have heard that we are setting up 
these five new projects and in those five projects Mr. Yashpal just told you that the total 
investment that has been anticipated is somewhere to the tune of about 350 odd Crores. 
Now obviously you can do the math in terms of asset terns and that is something that we are 
looking to do is starting from the next financial year itself. Add to that you asked about 
market share we are not looking at a hams market share we are not looking at because of the 
unpredictability right now we are not looking at the auto sector to grow on a dramatic turn. 
What we are doing is focus on technology upgradation and premiumization and also to get 
newer businesses that we are not doing now which is our call for wallet share increase 
which means that from the same customer that as I have today I am trying to get new kinds 
of components so I am starting from level zero I am not saying my share is 60% and I am 
growing it from 60% to 65% I am saying I am a zero today and whatever I am getting now 
will take me up to a second source, third source or whatever but it will give me a share of 
these new businesses going forward. I do not know if I have been able to answer your 
question. 
Anish Moonka: 
Yes good enough Sir. My second question entails the role of R&D and what are we doing at 
Sandhar to be ready with the next leg of products, that our customers will ask for in the next 
five to ten years effectively being ahead of the curve such that we not only grow in terms of 
revenue but also through a much higher value add compared to our competitors as you 
already mentioned in the locks. So could you please talk more about these efforts. Thank 
you? 
Jayant Davar: 
I mentioned locks and you saw that premiumization and value addition as we put it are goes 
at several poles and several times over and this is not just in the case of lock it is in almost 
all the vehicle components that we make, whether it is aluminium die casting while we are 
adding on certain things now that from aluminium we are also going into magnesium 
castings which are of a different premiumization and they give us some much higher value 
addition we are going in from regular machined components on to machine less 
components which obviously give us a much higher value addition this is in the commodity 
space if you look at spaces which are proprietary we are moving from one level of sensors 
to now cameras which then bring in a much higher level of premiumization and value 
addition so all across the board all the areas that we are functional in today we are looking 
at this premiumization. Even in the area of sheet metal components where we use to make 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
blank sheet metal components we are now moving into a different category of complete 
assemblies and subassemblies which are then being delivered not as a component but as a 
tier one product whether it is muffler bodies complete, whether it is frames that are 
complete, we are moving on from making parts to making proprietary items you saw that 
move when we move from components onto making cabins for example. So every element 
of our componentization is being premiumized every element. In terms of your R&D I am 
happy to announce that this year if I am not mistaken we have I think almost 12 to 15 new 
patents that were targeted that we have already got and that work goes on unabated and the 
advantage of getting Indian patents and doing it yourself is that you do not have to pay any 
royalties anywhere you do not have to tie up with any technology partners overseas and 
whatever you build out of here is done at Indian cost and that is extremely important in the 
area of manufacturing in India. 
Anish Moonka: 
Just a last question from my end, from a capital allocation perspective I would like to know 
your thoughts on a buyback given the valuations at which Sandhar is trading in the 
markets? Thank you. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well that is a difficult question for me to answer. I would love to buyback if you want to 
but I think we have responsibilities to our shareholders and in fact from what I understand 
the number of shares available in the market in terms the liquid shares is not very much. So 
we will be talking to people how the liquidity of shares in the market can grow and what 
can be draw down to the table to make our investors happier as they go forward. 
Anish Moonka: 
Certainly Sir. I think that could lead to a much better price discovery. So I will rejoin the 
queue thanks for the elaborate answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow up from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir how much increase in content per vehicle in the sheet metal post setting up new plants 
and addition of the new plants? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well the new plants obviously give us a huge upside Yashpal Jim he might have the 
numbers as to how let us say our content per vehicle even if you look at new plants that are 
being setup sheet metal for example what is our content going up from where to where. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sheet metals are like a component as of now there is the threefold increase in our 
component size I mean in the sheet metal it has gone near to 1500 is the content per vehicle 
as of now in sheet metal and it is going up with what has been added by the customer. 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, so to answer that question for us our capacity built up should let me say in terms of 
capacity we will go up to a capacity that can generate about a 1000 Crores of revenue from 
the current level of what we were doing which was close to less than 200 I am assume. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Next question is relative with the JVs performance AMKIN which was supplying the 
helmet to the most of the OEMs the company wants several new orders from the OEMs and 
also receives some orders from the export so what is the outlook for this business and when 
it is going to be profitable. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well we are now fingers crossed and happy to state that we feel confident that this will no 
longer be loss making going forward in the next financial year we have like I said in the 
past we were very happy to report that we now have clearance from almost all the OEMs 
the only company to do so and we have also built on, on a lot of export potential models 
that we have tied up with at this point of time as we sit those are being assembled and those 
should start shifting soon. So we are looking at a several fold increase in numbers over the 
next year. 
Abhishek Jain: 
What about another JV of Jinyoung Electromechanics which is supplying avian panel and 
switches. So loses was wide earlier so what is the current status? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well if you want me to run all of them I can you spoke about the Avian panel business 
which is Jinyoung Sandhar where loses have been brought down substantially already with 
consolidation it was a new unit and it got loss because we could not get technology partners 
to be here we are very hopeful that those matters are now behind us and we should be in the 
volume production on a regular basis where that is concern. In terms of Winnercom I think 
we are already now in profitability if I am not mistaken Yashpal Ji is that correct. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, Sir it is in profitable. 
Jayant Davar: 
That is profitable the one thing that will be a big launch for us will be Kwangsung that has 
started manufacturing and started shipments in the month of January these will be ramped 
up as we go forward and again you will see substantial numbers coming out of the exports 
that we do from this unit this is sun visor and BOT films. BOT films have been accepted 
very well with the customers in India and we expect those numbers to grow and so well the 
sun visor. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you Sir. My last question is related with the EVs so what all products you are going 
to add in your portfolio and how much revenue currently you are receiving from the EV 
segment and what is your target? 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Jayant Davar: 
Right now the EV segment I will give you the revenue very quickly I think Yashpal Ji will 
have that revenue but yes EV revenue is still very small it is very, very insignificant 
although having said that we tied up with almost more than 50% of the EV makers in the 
country you are aware that there are huge numbers we tied up with many, many, many of 
them that seems stable some of them are extremely small some of them are producing same 
numbers a month which obviously has no meaning for us but Yashpal Ji what has been our 
revenue. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sir it is 38 Crores for nine months from EV? 
Jayant Davar: 
So there you have the number 38 Crores from nine months if you look at it, it is less than 
5% of our revenue. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Like we have the EV offtake starts growing that EV starts our revenue is going up and 
second is the reason is that like quarter two was the lesser due to chip shortages the business 
affected in overseas business also that is the reason because we are supplying for four-
wheelers as well as two-wheelers in EV segment. 
Jayant Davar: 
One is the product which is our existing products based in commodities which go into EV 
vehicles and then there are electronic vehicles that are specific to electric vehicles. So going 
forward the way we are looking at is that some of the things that I spoke about which is let 
us say the BLDC motors which will be specific controllers which will be specific these will 
be specifically for only electric vehicles. Let me give an example we can say we make a 
sheet metal frame for a motorcycle that can go in a regular motorcycle and that can go in an 
electric vehicle but some things like a motor controller or like a battery pack or like a 
battery management system will only go into an electric vehicle or a hybrid vehicle as best. 
So we are working on both items the regular items obviously go from our regular 
investments that are already there but some of the new ones will go in specifically for the 
electric vehicles where new technologies are being developed and being fine tuned. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks Sir, that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Good morning Sir. Just to get a sense upon the return to double digit margin profile with the 
kind of contractual arrangement that you have with your OEMs as well as stabilized 
Brownfield prices how soon will it get back to the double digit margin profile and what 
kind of a guidance you give for next two years. 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Jayant Davar: 
Shashank you know Double a better digit is what we are looking at double digit should not 
be difficult to reach there is an aberration in the double digit thing for now on account of 
commodities and like I said if prices keep going up of the commodities then the 
compensation that we get from the customers comes in only three months later and 
therefore we may had an impact, Yashpal Ji what has been our impact on raw materials. 
Yashpal Jain: 
In terms of our EBITDA hit. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, uncompensated ones. 
Yashpal Jain: 
It is 12 Crores. 
Jayant Davar: 
It is 12 Crores. Now if you were to add 12 Crores you are already in double digit is not 
unreached so I do not think double digit is an issue at all our stabilized things that we work 
for that we should be working at an optimized EBITDA margins of anywhere between 
12.5% to 13.5%. Anything lower than that is typically on account of stuff that happens 
commodity prices there is get compensated but that is the number that we kind of target 
here. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir this 12 Crores should come back in Q4 itself right the uncompensated raw material cost. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, it should come back there is some long-term assets when there is commodity price 
increase it will bring absolute numbers you get that compensation back but as a percentage 
of the output there is a little bit of slipup that happens unless and until the model changes 
and when model changes then fresh costing were done but in any case the double digit is 
the minimum that we should be looking at is our target. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So Sir for next year maybe 12% is something that we should be able to do that. 
Jayant Davar: 
I cannot talk the numbers and again astrology balls I cannot open I do not know if 
commodity, but then you will tell me next time, you only have told us. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Secondly Sir just if you can throw some more light about our penetration with the top EV 
OEMs domestically let us say for example Hero Electric, Okinawa, Ather, Ola Electric, so 
how are we present in these kind of an OEMs and what product do we supply. 
Jayant Davar: 
We are in either supplying or actively developing with all the names that you heard of in the 
Indian context I will have to leave it there for the moment with that statement. 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Secondly if I put it is the Hero is generally the own EV product so since we have a strong 
holding in Hero Motocorp so we will have a substantial share of revenue in the product 
segment from them right? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, as and when they appear and as and when their volumes grow up you will be able to 
see it in your balance sheet. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir lastly on the debt profile how do we see the debt trajectory for next two years? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well Shashank I will respond to this. So presently like we have a debt price of 356 Crores 
as you know we are building up five new plants. So next year another we are planning 
something around 150 Crores of the additional capex but again next year we will be having 
our internal cash accrual of close to 250 Crores plus. So largely I do not see that going 
much beyond our level of another 100 Crores even if we have to meet out like maintenance 
capex and further expansion will be restricting it and whatever cash generation we will be 
generating from the businesses that will be using to reduce our debt. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So next year it will peak out of 250 odd Crores and then thereafter it will plan to reduce it 
right? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, exactly because what happens is that we are doing capex in a staggered manner it is 
not that we are building all the capacities together so one is going live it is start generating 
revenue similarly the another one is being build up so in a phase manner all these five 
plants will be coming up so whatever that cash addition is there will be using it for further 
expansion per se that is how we plan today. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Thank you so much. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Kale from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Thanks for taking my question. My question was more on the strategy. So Sir in the 
presentation you talked about multiple new products that you are kind of working on so just 
wanted to understand how are we looking at it because we already have our strong position 
in some of the locking side of mirror. Now when we are getting into so many different 
products how do you kind of ensure that we have the kind of correct focus so that we can 
scale up and become a significant player in at least a few of these components or are we 
spreading ourselves to till? 
Jayant Davar: 
Nikhil very good question thank you for joining the call today. You know a lot of 
components that you talk about that we have spoken about fall in the same genre of 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
componentry so if we talk of sensors for example the base level of the sensor is the same 
the applications are different. So if you look at companies do sensors they do all kind of 
sensors so I might be able to say while what we do parking sensor we will do ambient the 
air pressure center we will do a TPMS and so on and so forth they all fall within the same 
gambit. So overall in terms of our context of technology they fall within the same range. So 
similarly some of the electronics fall in the same range and you know that we have been 
working on electronics now for the past five to seven years so whether you look at USB 
chargers or you look at foldable keys or you look at ESLs all of them fall in the same 
category so categorization is not different it is just that it is a new block and that new block 
is not of 70 technologies it is probably only two or three technologies that every player has 
to play in and you also have to understand the air pressure sensors or any kind of sensors for 
that matter in themselves do not have too much of value so you need to combine and give it 
as a block to an OEM and OEM will not buy different kind of sensors from different kind of 
partners they would want to concentrate on sensor technology only with one or at best two 
suppliers I do not know if that answers your question. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Yes, it does, but just taking that point forward. So what I am thinking is see right now in an 
ICE you had multiple products and multiple suppliers had kind of position themselves 
across each of these products. Now as we gradually move towards EV specifically on the 
two-wheeler side the addressable number of products is coming down right so what we are 
seeing is that incrementally most of the suppliers are focusing on the same products be it 
motor controllers, battery BMS, battery chargers, DC/DC converters, sensors all these 
products now like you mentioned that OEMs will tend to just stick with couple of them and 
try to source most of the sensors say from one or two suppliers do you feel that structurally 
there has been a understanding that margins in these products are higher right now but 
going forward over the next two, three, four years given that you will see more and more 
competition for the same products margins will come down there will be quite a bit of 
margin pressure within the completive intensity? 
Jayant Davar: 
Absolutely Nikhil you are bang on the margins will go down and it will be left to only two 
or three players in each segments not question about that this is something that is always 
happened and I do not think that will change. However what is the heads that Sandhar has 
over maybe 50 people who have announced over this is our technology partners and 
technology partners that have been with us for years and decades you are aware Honda 
Lock for example has been with us for over 30 years and now they have not only been our 
partner we have setup an R&D center here in India with the Japanese engineers sitting with 
us jointly and doing joint development here in India. Now obviously they have a traction 
they have been doing it all over the world so when they are doing it with us the customers 
obviously will come to us because they are familiar with this entire thing and that goes with 
whether it is our tie up with Whetron or whether it is with Honda Lock or with several other 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Korean companies who have been doing exactly the same thing. Now because these are 
validated tried and tested obviously the customer want to go with people who are tried and 
tested. So if our suppliers have been supplying these things internationally to let us say 
Hyundai and Kia obviously we will be the first top of all for these people when they come 
to India or they deliver in India. I do not know if it answers your question Nikhil. It will get 
even more comparative as we go forward and therefore we have to understand that for some 
year some people might get a little bit of booty on top but effectively at the end of the day it 
is all stabilize business that will throw up equitable margins as most other components we 
have. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Yes, but Sir just on the technology partner side so can you just talk about who are the 
technology partners we have seen some of these electric vehicle products be it battery BMS 
or chargers or for that matter wiring harness? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, so wiring harness we have a tie up with Hanshin that we tied up which does data cable 
and now for the first time we not only doing data cables we are also doing offline data 
cables as well as regular wiring harnesses. So that connecters there are a little different and 
that technology is available with us in terms of shark fin antenna there are ones which are 
wired and there are some which may not be wired again that technology comes from 
Winnercom who is one of the best known people in the field in the world. In terms of locks 
ESLs and so on and so forth we have Honda Lock like I said who have been had since 1987 
and therefore that is a very strong relationship where we were building on newer 
technologies in India in our joint engineering center that we have set up here in terms of our 
sensors we have Whetron and Whetron is a large supplier in the EV domain based out of 
Taiwan all names that you see get covered in all of that. 
Nikhil Kale: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anish Moonka from JST Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Anish Moonka: 
Thank you. My question is on the auto industry as a whole. So for the last seven, eight years 
the number whether be it two-wheeler or passenger vehicles presume as the whole are 
stagnant so Jayant Sir given your 30 years plus experience are there any structural issues 
due to which we are not seeing the growth that China or Indonesia saw while their 
economies were growing rapidly do you see the Indian growth story coming back in the 
next five years or the industry would have to look at exports to grow further? Thank you. 
Jayant Davar: 
My quick response to this there has been a trauma and I use the trauma this says that with 
so many things happening at once I think there was a shock in the system. You remember 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
the mandate that came in where it is started off with saying Euro 4 to Euro 6 or Euro 3 to 
Euro 4 as standards of Bharat 3 to Bharat 4 there was a huge jump in terms of the cost that 
went into these vehicles then came the mandate then get third-party insurance also then 
came things which were mandated on a count of either Pollution or in terms of comfort or 
in terms of safety so if you look at let us say even motorcycles today the same motorcycle 
that use to retail at less than 40000 today the minimum price is over 60000 and that if you 
see is a 50% jump over an entry price of what somebody was looking at from graduating a 
bicycle to a motorcycle and the same thing has happened in passenger vehicles the same 
thing has happened in heavy commercial vehicles, medium/ light vehicles and also in 
construction equipment so there has been trauma on one side add to it the fact that there is 
this huge thing build on pollution fronts. So everybody, every state, every city in this 
country said you know IC engines are polluting little bit they understand that when you 
were moving from Euro 4 to Euro 6 the amount of pollution that was being caused with 
minimal and going forward as you graduate from this you will actually not have pollution 
coming from IC engines that is our technologies but in the system there was this huge shock 
that happened add to it COVID where people stop going out and the last thing on their 
agenda was to go and buy a new vehicle here most people especially in the MSME sector or 
people who were running their small businesses or people like ready walas for example who 
wanted to graduate to a motor ride vehicles were now thinking of where to get their three 
meals to eat let alone go and buy vehicle so there has been a shock in the system so where is 
it that we are looking at you said about the future India still is at less than 30 cars for 1000 
people compare that with the US which is 560 compare it with Thailand which has 150 I 
understand from my understanding or the numbers that I have from statistics Pakistan has 
more than what India does. Now the aspiration on one end we talk of demographics where 
we say that 65% of our population is under we add of 35 as the aspirations we talk of 
aspirations of rural areas where everybody talks about you owning your own home, owning 
your own car and education for your kids. Now all these three sectors are now going to just 
run away China you are absolutely right grew up they grew up to huge numbers without any 
headwinds all of us I mean the last three or four years there have been massive headwinds I 
do think that this is mitigating as we go forward and I am looking at this new COVID 
variant that came to be the beginning of the end and my fingers are crossed I think once we 
can get pass that once the shock of this entire thing goes away the commodity prices begin 
to kind of stabilize people and banks around the world stop printing money it should 
stabilize and honestly if the entire world is moving to India to make it not just a cost low 
cost manufacturing base but also the hugest market that is available today I see no reason 
that we sitting in India producing here selling here will not be able to get benefits out of it 
so to me this is a temporary speed breaker and we should find a highway to take off soon 
around. 

 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
February 07, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Anish Moonka: 
Yes, makes all the sense sir I totally get the optimism and potential so any inorganic 
opportunities that we are in talks given the pain the industry has gone through in the last 
few years? 
Jayant Davar: 
Always are, always have, and yes there are lot of stress assets available however the entire 
market because of easing money has gotten used to high valuations of very, very high 
valuation so I think those are getting stabilize now and we should hopefully have some 
announcements to make soon around. 
Anish Moonka: 
Thank you so much again for the elaborate answer Jayant Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. Over to you Sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well thank you Dolat Capital for putting this together. Thank you to all the participants 
today, I am not sure if I could answer questions to the best of your expectation however I 
did try and sometimes over the phone it gets a little more difficult I hope these COVID 
times pass by and we can all sit physically across each other celebrate back to normalcy and 
I am sure we will get an opportunity to answer your questions in much more detail. Thank 
you once again for being here and a very Happy New Year to you and your families again. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes this 
conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
