 
 
     18 February 2022 
The General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500770 
The Manager, Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai -  400 051 
Symbol: TATACHEM 
 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the third 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021 
Further to our letter dated February 11, 2022, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analysts/Investors Call on the Audited Standalone and Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results 
of Tata Chemicals Limited for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021 held on 
Friday, February 11, 2022. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.tatachemicals.com/Investors/Financial-reports/Investor-call-transcripts  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Chemicals Limited 
 
Rajiv Chandan 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Tata Chemicals Limited 
Q2 FY 22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Tata Chemicals Limited.  Please note, that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Steven. Good day, everyone. And thank you for joining us on 
Tata Chemicals Q3 and 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call. We have with 
us today, Mr. R. Mukundan, Managing Director & CEO; Mr. Zarir 
Langrana, Executive Director and Mr. Nandakumar Tirumalai, the Chief 
Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made 
in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve 
risks and uncertainties. 
I now invite Mr. Mukundan to begin proceedings of the call. Over to you, 
Mr. Mukundan. 
R. Mukundan: 
Thank you, Gavin. And good morning and welcome everyone to the 
quarterly earnings call. I'm joined by my colleague, Mr. Zarir Langrana, 
Executive Director; and our CFO, Mr. Nandakumar Tirumalai for today's 
call. I will highlight some operational issues and strategic direction after 
which Mr. Nandakumar will take us through the financial performance for 
the quarter. 
As such, this quarter, was relatively good compared to the challenges we 
faced during the quarter. And this has been possible because of the revenue 
and margin momentum we've seen in our soda ash business. As we 
mentioned previously, the demand supply dynamics for soda ash has turned 
favorable, and is likely to remain favorable for certain amount of time, I 
would say couple of more years and we are -- if we define it like this it'll be 
medium term. Let me move on to individual segments within soda ash. 
Indian business has delivered performance and profitability. As you know, 
in three of our sites, we had taken maintenance shutdown, which  India, 

 
Page 2 of 20 
 
USA, and in Kenya. And so, they were a bit of a low volume this quarter, 
but we've seen very strong demand and prices have remained firm during the 
quarter, and we expect them to remain in a similar zone going forward too. 
On the international business again TCNA has had growth of domestic and 
growth in export more importantly because there has been a bounce  back of 
underlying demand. And there again, the shutdown had meant that in -- if 
you look at the trailing quarter, which is Q2 to Q3, we lost some volume. 
And also, because maintenance shutdown was taken, it has increased our 
fixed costs a little bit in both India and the US. 
Magadi, has also performed well. And sequentially also we've seen 
improvement in operational performance. As far as UK is concerned, I think 
this quarter, Mr. Nandakumar will explain some of the elements of the 
Carbon Capture Unit as well as the hedging of co2, carbon, buying carbon in 
the market to hedge the future have all come in and helped us. And I think 
that strategy will play out so that we are well protected from any variations 
or any sudden spikes in the marketplace. And we continue to have a very 
strong risk mitigation strategy, not just on energy, input energy, but also now 
on carbon markets. 
As far as salt is concerned, it continues to be strong and steady, both in India 
and UK. And Bicarb business again, I think India and UK have done well. In 
terms of nutrition, the Nutraceuticals and HDS, these are focused and our 
goal is to get to positive EBITDA level, which is what we are working to 
and we're working to secure customer acceptance and ramping up of our 
utilization. 
Rallis also has declared its numbers. It's both domestic and international 
delivered healthy growth in revenue. Seed business had some stress. 
Company is investing for growth and is working on backward integration for 
some of the products which should help in its supply chain and margin. 
As far as the strategy of Tata Chemicals standalone itself is concerned, our 
focus remains to expand capacity in our core segments of soda ash, salt and 
bicarbonate and also move the needle in terms of the HDS and Nutra. On 
HDS we may be accelerating the investment because we are seeing a strong 
demand pull from our customers. With this I'd like to state that our strategy 
of focusing on core business ensuring the supply dynamics are delivered 
well on the ground, and we support the demand recovery with strong supply 
chain performance, and also mitigating some of the risks which we had 
faced in terms of the input costs have been done well. 
Also wanted to highlight that we now have a good understanding of the 
market supply and supply situation on the input side. And we do strongly 
believe that the company will be able to manage the stresses which had 
come on the input cost side in quarter 2, we have overcome them in quarter 3 
and going forward in quarter 4, with the prices having been renegotiated 

 
Page 3 of 20 
 
across customers, you would see the margins also reflect the resilience 
which we have built in in terms of the input cost management, vis-a-vis the 
pressures which are coming from the external market. 
With this, I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Nandakumar to take us 
through the financial performance. 
Nandakumar T: 
Thank you, Mukundan. And good morning, to all. I'll just walk you through 
the performance for Q3. Our consol revenues for the quarter was at Rs. 
3,142 crore up 21% more than previous year and PAT at Rs. 340 crore 
almost 70% more than last year. This is mainly due to the growth in soda ash 
and bicarb volumes, notably in US, UK and Kenya and the impact of price 
increases in India and other geographies. 
Coming to India now, revenue was at Rs. 931 crore up 15% for previous 
year. The EBITDA margin was 26% an increase of 3%. The PBT has gone 
from Rs. 148 crore to Rs. 214 crore up 45% jump compared to last year's 
Q3. The CapEx is on track. 
Coming to US. The volumes rebounded from previous year and revenue was 
INR 891 crore is up 20%. And PBT is at Rs. 37 crore. The US volumes 
remain strong with growth in domestic and export markets as compared to 
previous years. Export volume mix is higher than previous years. Export 
pricing is seeing recovery while domestic prices remain stable. 
Coming to UK. Revenue was Rs. 551 crore up 47% and PBT is at Rs. 13 
crore compared to Rs. 2 crore profit last year. UK soda ash sales volumes 
remain stable with higher sales price. Margins were higher for the quarter 
due to higher sales price despite rising input costs including Coke, ammonia, 
packaging cost. And as Mukund mentioned, we also started hedging our 
carbon in UK. The markets opened up in the UK ETS in the month of May 
or June and the counterparty were able to offer us the hedging for October 
1st. So as of now we're hedging all our carbon exposures in UK. 
Coming to Kenya. Revenues was at Rs. 132 crore up 24%, EBIT at Rs. 18 
crore almost same as last year. Kenya performing well with improved sales 
volumes at higher sales price. 
Coming to Rallis. Revenue at Rs. 628 crore, EBIT at Rs. 48 crore, revenue 
has been steady with growth coming from domestic crop care and 
international business. And margin were impacted due to the higher raw 
materials and fixed cost. 
Our profits from our JV has been good mainly because of the joint venture in 
Morocco we had, see if the JV line in vis-a-vis its substantial jump compared 
to last year. Our CapEx spend was Rs. 1,040 crore for 9M as compared to 
Rs. 895 crore last year. Our net debt at Rs. 4,120 crore, Rs. 200 crore more 
than March. 

 
Page 4 of 20 
 
I now hand over the floor to Gavin for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
 The first question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal.   
Sumant Kumar: 
 My question is regarding PLIs and the reference of the Tata Motors call 
when the participant asked why did the Tata Group not participate in the PLI 
for advanced chemistry sale, so, the reply was they found that contours 
scheme was not working out for us. So, what's your view on that? The plan 
is on? Or we are not going to go in for the battery cell manufacturing? Can 
you just talk about that? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, I maintained the same thing which I have been maintaining that the -- if 
there is anything specific to discuss or present to shareholders we will do at 
that point of time. As of now there is nothing specific beyond what has been 
stated up till now. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. So, the for the time being we are not thinking of, if there will be any 
progress you will intimate. Still, we are going to work on that or we are 
going to -- or we are having a plan to enter into the business or not? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes. So, I think your comment is valid that I think if there is any change in 
the position, any change, anything substantial to be informed, we will do at 
that point of time. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. Now, talking about the financial side, we have seen an interest cost in 
this quarter was a lower, despite the gross debt is at a similar level. So, can 
you comment on that? What was the reason for that? 
Nandakumar: 
So, I think that -- see if you look at we did some refinancing and repricing of 
a lot of loans in the US and we've been able to refinance the bulk of the 
loans which were at L plus 4% to L plus 1.5% during the last 4, 5 months' 
time, that's why the interest cost is lower compared to last year's Q3. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. Now talking about overall US business, we have seen a margin 
pressure in that, if we consider the Rs. 27 crore insurance claim we have in 
the base quarter and we will be adjusting the base quarter despite of that, we 
have a margin basis in the US business and the way export business is 
growing and the price is going to come up, what kind of margin profile we 
can look for the coming quarter. And do you think the input cost pressure is 
going to subside in the coming quarter? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, broadly as a principal export realizations are lower than domestic 
realization. And you as you know, the domestic volume never went down in 
US substantially. So, they've been able to maintain the volume, the growth is 
coming primarily of export volume, which has a lower realization and a 
slightly lower margin structure. Of course, the full benefit of renegotiated 
export prices and all will come in Q4, which should improve the margins 
further, but the mix impact will continue, till it becomes a steady state 

 
Page 5 of 20 
 
numbered equal to what we -- what the mix impact was for steady year 
before pandemic, that is all I would say. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay Global.   
Rohit Nagraj: 
So, the first question is, sometimes during the end of 2020 Solvay had 
indicated that they would be adding soda ash and bicarb capacity of about 
1.4 million tonnes by 2022. This will be probably a brownfield expansion. 
Any further update on this, given that we have exposure across different 
continents?   
R. Mukundan: 
So, I will not comment specifically about any company because it is unfair 
other than our own company, but I can give you a general comment on the 
market. Generally, our analysis shows market is about 3 million tonnes short 
as we speak and this demand supply tightness of about 3 million tonnes is 
going to persist for at least till '25, '26 broadly, give or take 6 months here or 
there. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got it. So, the second question is on the domestic market. So 
domestic market, how has been the pricing environment during the last 
couple of months? And what will be the currently ruling prices in the 
domestic market?   
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, I just want to say the point about pricing environment is fundamentally 
driven off the availability or lack of availability as it stands today. So, the 
material is not available, we are only giving to our consistent buyers or 
reliable buyers, buyers who have been, with whom we've had a long 
relationship and we've been very fair to people who have stood by us to 
continue to stand by them. The basic issue is like this that on the many input 
side there has been a big severe impact on both availability and cost from 
the input side. 
Firstly, on the salt because of heavy rainfall in Kutch and extended rainfall 
is Kutch, salt availability has sharply come down. The salt prices, input salt 
prices have sharply gone up more than the prices I think availability itself is 
something which was a big problem in the Q3, it may improve towards Q4 
as the harvesting season starts on salt but it is running on a very very thin 
ice. 
The second issue has been on coal, many of the -- if you look at the Indian 
plant, especially our plants in India plant is using Indonesian coal, 
Indonesian government had put an export ban on coal. And it had created 
severe issues in terms of, in terms of availability for domestic market. So, 
both on input cost as well as input availability, as well as the, the other key 
element is the coking coal and anthracite availability, which is imported 
from South Africa, there were shipping problems, there were supply chain 

 
Page 6 of 20 
 
problems, all this had led to a very, very tight situation on the input side, 
which then led to a very tight situation on the output side, which is easing a 
bit, but the market conditions are fairly strong. And we see this to be 
continuing and the prices to be firming up. 
And I think on the input side, there could be some easing of pressure, which 
we've seen. But we need to be extremely careful and cautious. What we've 
done as far as Tata Chemicals is concerned is to reduce the level of risk by 
stocking up which has led to some -- in the working capital, if you see there 
is an increase in working capital, which is there, bulk of it is on the input 
side, we have to increase the stock level so that we can be safe and sure. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for all the answers and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Sheth from Nippon India AMC.   
Tejas Sheth: 
Yes. On the renewables of the US business side, which are the annual 
contracts, what is the uptick we have taken in this January? 
Zarir Langrana: 
So, our US exports, as you're probably aware are through ANSAC. So in 
general in most markets, from what we're hearing, export markets, we've 
seen to Southeast Asia, and Latin America has been really based on the 
supply dynamic, that Mukund spoke about, significant uptick in prices on a 
CFR basis, which has to be balanced also, with an increase in freight costs. 
So, we'll probably see an increase from what we hear in those markets of 
anywhere between $30 to $40. 
Tejas Sheth: 
Okay. And on the battery side, a lot of traction at the global level is 
happening on sodium ion batteries as an alternative to lithium ion. One is, 
are we looking at that space? And secondly, if that traction happens, you see 
us benefiting on the soda ash business side? 
R. Mukundan: 
Really, I think sodium batteries depend on sodium vanadium phosphate as 
of now. So, while the work on the lab will be -- our labs continue to work, I 
think there are still, I would say on the sodium side challenges related to the 
density of energy and the -- number of cycles that can operate these need to 
get fixed. So, it is still in a development stage. And I would not want to 
hazard anything in terms of sodium demand coming off that, but work is on, 
if you look at the basic reason why the work is being pushed is because as 
you know, sodium is more easily available than other competing materials. I 
think you should also not forget the power of hydrogen. So, I think both 
hydrogen and sodium will compete with lithium. So, I can say they are at 
lab stage. That's about it, nothing more. 
Tejas Sheth:  
Okay. So, we are investing towards that side of development? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, I think I'm only addressing the question, do you see a demand uptick for 
sodium? 

 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Tejas Sheth: 
Okay. No, to my first part of the question was, are we looking to invest in 
that? 
R. Mukundan: 
I think at the lab level we do continue to work on these, because these are 
issues of electrochemistry, which our team is familiar with. We also work 
with some external labs. So, I think we do continue to work on them. And it 
is an effort which we will not give up. But if you -- to you second order 
question, does it lead to any change in demand for any of the products we 
make? I think that is a little bit too early to speak right now. 
Tejas Sheth:  
Got it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the lineup Abhijit Akella from IIFL.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, thank you so much. Just a couple of questions. First one on the US 
renegotiations which Mr. Langrana just touched upon kindly. So, exports as 
you said, you know, you've seen about a $30 to $40 uptick. Could you also 
characterize the kind of increase you're seeing in the domestic side of the 
business? 
R. Mukundan: 
I think Abhijit, the way you should look at domestic is going to be marginal 
$1 or $2 or $3 at best, not more. I think the real change in color of the 
EBITDA earnings for that business are going to come from export volumes 
going back to normal, and also export pricing going up by a range which 
Zarir gave I think, I would -- net of freight and about $40 odd you can take 
and then you can work off that. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. So, the reason there is no increase in the domestic business is because 
we have multi-year contracts with those customers or? 
R. Mukundan: 
The issue on domestic is that you see gas prices have gone up and also 
freight local, freight rates have gone up. So, I think that is not moving the 
needle much, the needle is moving on the export side. I really think if we 
really look at the margin expansion on overall basis for the US business, it is 
going to come off exports only. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. Understood. Second, I just wanted to check if it might be possible to 
share the average realizations for the quarter for the India products, soda 
ash, salt and bicarbonate? 
Nandakumar T: 
I think we have not shared the product wise EBITDA, Abhijit.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Not EBITDA, realization I was asking for? 
Nandakumar T: 
No, we don't share that. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay.  All right. Fine. And the last quick thing, just wanted to clarify Mr. 
Munkund has said the market is 3 million tonnes short right now. And you 
see that continuing with 2025 '26. Is that -- did I catch you correctly not? 

 
Page 8 of 20 
 
  
Zarir Langrana: 
So, Abhijit let me first address your question broadly on domestic pricing, 
the sort of question raised by somebody else earlier as well. There has been 
a steady uptick in our list prices domestic. As we speak, the pricing is in the 
range of about Rs.31,000 per tonne, on an ex-work basis, list price. 
Obviously different customers will be at different price levels and different 
geographies will be at different price levels. But that should give you an 
idea of the way that domestic prices are moved up. 
Your second question was sorry, on the global demand supply gap. As 
Mukund, mentioned, it's in the region we estimate of about 3 million tonnes 
today. And it's a number that we believe will continue to hold for the next 3 
or 4 years. Just given the fact that there does not seem to be any substantial 
greenfield or brownfield capacities coming up in any of the geographies in 
the next 2, 3 years. And of course, demand will continue to increase. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, sir. Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you so much.   
Moderator: 
  The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang.   
S. Ramesh: 
  So first to understand the UK performance it has come in as a really 
positive surprise and congratulations on that. So, can we get a sense in terms 
of how you managed to increase realizations? Because UK is supposed to be 
100% contract and we are expecting the price revision from January? So 
how did you manage to get higher realizations there? And is there any one 
off or either kind of EBITDA margin reported in third quarter likely to 
sustain for the next few quarters in the UK business? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, so I think I’ll ask Zarir also to add color. But I think we’ve had a very 
difficult exercise done during this quarter, because of challenges faced. I 
think, -- and we must thank our customers for supporting us through this 
difficult quarter by some of them accepting immediate contract corrections, 
because of the sharp increase in gas price as well as the carbon cost, I think 
customers have stepped up and they have in fact, committed that this being a 
very unusual increase, which we had to take a hit of about Rs 70 Crs last 
quarter. I think they stepped in and sort of corrected it. And I think we can 
only thank our customers. But these were very difficult discussions. But I 
just want to put on the table that we did a fair conclusion of the ability and 
stability of suppliers during the quarter. 
The real stable number will be from quarter 4. But quarter 3 is a reflection 
of a support extended by customers to ensure that we don't have heavy 
impact of the sharp increase which we are faced in quarter 2. 
S. Ramesh: 
So, in terms of the UK contracts renewal going forward from January, 
would it also have the same impact of this $30 to $40 excluding freight that 
we discussed for the US? 

 
Page 9 of 20 
 
R. Mukundan: 
I think customers are settled at a fair number, and it is fair to assume that the 
pressure which we are seen in Q2 will not continue it is going to abate. And 
I think that's the way it is. And customers have also accepted beyond certain 
cutoff a pass through for both carbon and for energy. So, I think that sort of 
protects us. That's all I would add at this point of time. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. Just on the demand and supply, when you talk about this shortfall of 3 
million tonnes. Can we get some number in terms of what is the current 
available capacity? And what is the consumption in million tonnes, is to get 
those numbers? Because the global capacity as per data is 71 million. So, I 
just want to get that exact number in the context of what we are discussing 
as a shortfall? 
Zarir Langrana: 
Yes, so name plate capacity is about 71. You're completely right in that 
respect. We believe that the actual operational capacity in demand is 
probably maxed out today at about 61, 62, which means it's gone back to its 
pre-pandemic levels. And that's really where the shortage is coming because 
demand has bounced back, continues to grow at 1.5%, 2% globally, that's 
the number you can take. There is no substantial expansions happening. All 
of the plants that we are aware of are operating at capacity. 
There's also been some reduction in capacity in China. I think, as we entered 
the new year, almost a million tonnes permanently went off the market in 
China. So, I think the focus of suppliers and producers today is really to 
make sure that their customers are kept serviced. And our focus is really on 
that to make sure as Mukund said, that we continue to service customers that 
have been with us for many years. And we make sure that their plants don't 
suffer. 
S. Ramesh: 
So, if I understand you correctly, then how much of this gap we have in 
terms of available capacity as one date, and the install capacity is likely to 
come back given that the margins are very strong. So, the 10 million tonnes 
of extra capacity is not available now. Can some of that come back in the 
next. 
R. Mukundan: 
Let me take that, I think the issue is that – our figures were about 3.8 
shortfall. The reason I mentioned 3 is that let's say about a million or 0.8 
million tonnes is something which people could debottleneck and bring on 
stream that still leaves about 3 million tonnes which has a time lag of 
execution, which is nothing less than 24 to 36 months, even if people were 
to start putting steel and cement on the ground. So that's where we are really 
and that is the reason why this tightness is likely to continue. 
As Zarir has also mentioned there is a demand growth which is coming from 
lithium carbonate business, there is demand growth which is coming from 
solar glass. These are all driving demand strongly, which is leading to a 
situation where I think even at a including us we are also putting steel and 

 
Page 10 of 20 
 
cement on the ground as fast as we can. But I think it is it is going to take 
time for people to build substantial numbers on the ground.   
S. Ramesh: 
So basically that 61 to 71 gap in capacity, that capacity is not going to come 
back. You're saying we need new investments and that is why we believe 
the supply shortage will continue? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes. Let's just go through these numbers carefully. I think Zarir, you can 
correct him. 71 nameplate and demand is at about 61. And the real capacity 
which is available today is about 58 accounting for shutdowns and    
everything put together. So that is leading to about 3 million tonne shortfall, 
that should give you the equation. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital.   
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, first question is you know so during the pandemic one more thing which 
happened specifically for your India soda ash business is I think the imports 
were severely impacted because of variety of logistics challenges etc. Now, 
while we understand the global supply demand impacts, but you know now 
as we open up and things are getting normalized, what can be the impact of 
the imports coming back into the Indian markets and impact on the 
realization and the demand supply situation for the Indian business, Soda 
Ash. 
R. Mukundan:  
See, the issue really is on both the shipping availability and shipping cost. As 
the shipping cost of imports keep increasing, and it stayed at elevated levels, 
I think it gives us a natural hedge and protection for the domestic pricing to 
hold them. So, I think that is one element. Second is, I think, the --- 
fundamentally, because of the COVID restrictions, the port operations are 
not really fully back to normal. Trucking availability has been a big issue in 
many, many countries. So, these are all leading to supply-chain bottlenecks, 
and we don't see shipping lines, try, coming into a situation where they're 
saying that there's going to be surplus of containers available or there's going 
to be surplus of bulk cargo available. I think this is really the issue, which is 
cost elevated levels and that adds the cost of import with domestic producers 
don't face. 
Sarvesh Gupta:  
Understood. And in the other question, which is more at the macro level is, 
while there is a 3 million tons shortage that you alluded to, but at the same 
time because of interest rate, increase concerns etc., there can be a situation 
where in housing, especially the incremental new housing, which will get 
built can get impacted. So, do you see that as a possible threat on a global 
demand level, both, for your U.S., as well as India business, because that has 
been on a boom and there are obvious concerns on the incremental situation? 
And if you can also sort of, give some color on how much housing is 
important for your business in U.S. and India? 

 
Page 11 of 20 
 
R. Mukundan:  
Fundamentally let's look at those segments in their own. So, there's one 
segment which is neither container glass nor flat glass. That segment which 
is detergents, which is other chemicals, I think from Soda Ash is used in 
making other chemicals, that is steadily rising. And there are new 
applications which have come, which is your solar glass, which I think world 
is switching to more and more renewable and lithium carbonate, both need 
Soda Ash. One ton of lithium carbonate needs almost a ton of soda ash. I 
think that really is driving the new demand.  
 
Now coming to traditional demand, the switch away from plastics to more 
sustainable glass containers and glass bottles and these are all thin-walled 
glass bottles, which have very good strength and all that. I think those are 
driving the demand on the container glass segment. We don't see that 
reducing. In fact, we see the in-home consumption as it continues to hold up. 
Even post pandemic, we would continue to see very good demand in that 
segment. I think at least that's what our customers are saying.  
 
The second element is about the flat glass. I think there are two drivers here. 
One is, the infrastructure and the commercial flat glass and the second one is 
the housing flat glass and the third element is the automotive flat glass. I 
think automotive demand has been bit constrained and I think demand from 
automotive side is constrained not so much because there is no end consumer 
demand. Most of the automakers are telling us that the need for private 
transport and safety of private transport has increased but they are not able to 
produce because of a shortage of various other inputs like chips and other 
elements. As these things ease up, I think the glass demand which is going 
into automotive will creep up. 
 
Now, coming to infrastructure, I think most countries are upgrading their 
infrastructure after a long- time gap. You saw the infrastructure bill coming 
in U.S. which is going to sort of look at not just roads, which is also going to 
look at airports, which is going to look at all the public spaces and all of them 
will have a huge amount of demand for glass. And on top of that, I think 
residential housing restarts both, in the affordable housing area in developing 
markets and housing, what I call, housing recycling in many markets into 
suburban living. Because right now, what has happened, work-from-home 
and all these have moved this to larger houses and shifting into more open 
spaces. I think there also, again, if you see the news coming out of developed 
markets, the housing demand actually has picked up faster than anybody has 
anticipated.  
 
So, all in all, I would say, that one segment of the market was anyway 
holding up right to the pandemic, which is the non-glass, non-new, let's say 
segment and then container glass anyway is growing as per the push towards 
sustainability. Then new applications are coming in, which is in the solar 
glass and lithium carbonate, and the good news is, we believe that the auto 
sector will get back to its growth story, once the short --- current shortage of 

 
Page 12 of 20 
 
things like chips is tide --- they tide over that. And lastly, I think housing 
certainly is growing in the developing markets. But in the area of the 
developed markets again, we are --- most people are saying it's positive 
movement.  
 
So, this is what we are hearing from our customers. We have no better 
knowledge about this than anybody else. I can only tell you that we hear our 
customers closely and strongly and plan our future, which is why we are also 
planning to further expand our facilities in India and we will come back with 
specific plans as soon as they are cleared. As of now, the execution of the 
current plan, which was Rs.2,600 crore is on schedule. That's all I will 
comment. Thank you. 
Sarvesh Gupta:  
Thank you, sir. Do you have any idea about housing? What is the end-user 
demand by housing in personal…? 
R. Mukundan:  
We will come back to sectoral demand patterns in the next meeting.   
 Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong Securities.   
Chintan Modi:  
 Sir, can you tell us what would be the size of demand for Soda Ash in these 
new applications, like solar and battery materials? 
 Zarir Langrana:  
Yes. So, our estimate is that for lithium carbonate, it could be anywhere, 
moving up, to close to 750,000 tons per annum. So that's the demand over 
the next year or two. And for solar glass, it's going to be much, much higher, 
maybe close to 1 million tons or 1.5 million tons. Additional demand just 
coming out of solar, primarily in markets like China, etc., which is one of the 
reasons why I think Chinese exports have come down. They're focusing more 
now on supplying the large uptick in demand that has happened in domestic 
Chinese market itself. 
Chintan Modi:  
Okay. So, it is about 3% odd currently of the total demand? 
Zarir Langrana:  
That's right. That’s right but growth rates there are in double digits. 
Chintan Modi:  
Double digits. And does this require specific grades of Soda Ash and is there 
any significant difference in the pricing today?  
Zarir Langrana: 
 No, not really. The grade of Soda Ash is the same. 
Chintan Modi:  
Okay. And are we able to map like how much would these new applications 
contribute for us in the Soda Ash and any kind of growth rate stat you would 
like to share? 
R. Mukundan:  
Yes, I think we have a direct linkage to the lithium carbonate operations in 
South America. So certainly, it is going from our plant, U.S. facility. And as 

 
Page 13 of 20 
 
far as the solar glass is concerned, as the solar glass projects in India take off, 
we will be certainly supporting them. It is an opportunity. As of now, there is 
only just one solar glass facility in India. 
Chintan Modi:  
But could you shed some rough contribution number? How much to be 
contributing to our volumes? 
R. Mukundan:  
Oh, in terms of segment exposure, we will come out with broad segment 
exposure next time.  
Chintan Modi:  
Sure. And lastly, for the silica and prebiotics, we were expected to get some 
customer qualifications. So, has that happened? And what is the kind of 
traction that you are seeing over there? 
R. Mukundan:  
Yes. I think on silica, we've got one direct customer qualification. We are 
expecting two more. And on HDS, I think we have international qualification 
from market like Korea, but we are still expecting some clearances from 
European customers. Still pending.  
Chintan Modi:   
Okay. Can we expect this business to kind of double in say, next two to three 
years for us? 
R. Mukundan:  
Yes, I think we are seeing some positive news and positive push coming in 
the area of silica. So certainly, we are working on internal plans. So, we will 
come back to you as soon as those internal plans are clear. On nutraceutical , 
I think it is a bit of a --- we need to still establish our product in the 
marketplace before we can comment, but I think silica will move a little bit 
faster. 
 Moderator:  
 The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from ICICI Securities.    
Dhavan Shah:  
So, I have a question on the UK business. So, can you please share the 
realization growth we have taken for the UK business this quarter, and given 
that there is a trend of input price inflation this quarter as well and this UK 
and U.S. both are long-term calendar contracts. So, by what quantum do you 
foresee, that if there is any input price inflation going ahead, we can be at 
breakeven and beyond that, we can have some operational impact on that 
thing. If you can share thoughts on this.  
R. Mukundan:  
So, I will add a broad color. I think the current structure of contracting we've 
done in both these markets, allows us beyond certain cut-offs to have a full 
path throughout the cost and I think that puts us in very, I think, stable 
situation than what we had experienced in the quarter two. So, I think I will 
stop there, because I think that's what we have negotiated with customers and 
customers are fairly supportive of the shift. 

 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Dhavan Shah:  
Okay.   And can you please share the realization growth for UK? I mean $30 
per ton or $40 per ton was for U.S. So, what was the realization growth seen 
in UK business this quarter? Or maybe it can be sustainable going ahead?  
R. Mukundan:  
Yes. Yes. I think across markets, the range is about the same. I think you can 
use the number we gave for the U.S. exports. 
Dhavan Shah:  
Okay.    And you mentioned that there could be around 3 million tons kind of 
the shortage between this demand-supply of Soda Ash. So, given that, if the -
-- after Winter Olympics, do you foresee that, given that, China is currently 
net imported, but it can see imports from China can get reduced, and then 
that can give us comfort in terms of the demand-supply situation? And… 
R. Mukundan:  
See, actually, the reverse is true. What has happened is, because of New Year 
holiday and the Chinese New Year holiday and the issue related to Olympics, 
some of the customers/consuming industries had slowed down during this 
period. In fact, the price had slightly come off in China during this period. 
We expect once the Olympics and the season is over, the Chinese demand, 
the consuming sector side Chinese demand to pick up and pricing to go back 
to the firm levels, which were there before. So, really the phenomenon which 
you explained, affected our consuming entities in China. So, we expect that 
demand to go back to normal. 
Dhavan Shah:  
Okay. Okay. And lastly, on the U.S. business, you mentioned that there is 
lower realization in the margins in the export business, but if I look at the Q-
o-Q business --- Q-o-Q wise, so, there is no drop in the export business, 
export volume for U.S., but still the margins have been reduced on Q-o-Q for 
U.S. So, is that largely because of the higher gas prices or…? 
R. Mukundan:  
Yes, the main issue in India and Kenya and U.S., I wanted to say that the --- 
you see, because of the shutdown, which we had taken, I think, each plant 
had a different level of lower production. You could take anywhere between 
20,000 tons and in some plants, 10,000 tons of lesser production, that has led 
to lower fixed costs absorption and margin reduction. And also, that also has 
impacted some of the --- when you take the shutdown, it is not as if the 
power plant is stopped, it continues to run. So, if the variable cost needs --- 
continues to be incurred and that puts pressure on margins. So, that will be 
the broad issue, if you go from Q2 to Q3.  
Dhavan Shah: 
 Sure. Yes. That's all from my side. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator:  
 The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment 
Advisors.   
Bharat Sheth:  
Sir, just want to…one small clarification, that in U.S., last quarter we stated 
that we renegotiated contract for part two, after certain this thing. So, that is 

 
Page 15 of 20 
 
still in place and over and above whatever price increase that we have taken 
is that. Is that correct understanding? 
Zarir Langrana:  
No. There were some export markets, I think in the last quarter, especially in 
Southeast Asia, where contracts were on a quarterly basis. So, those came up 
for renegotiation at that point in time. But currently, as we go into the new 
year, most of the pricing is being set at the new level. So, you would have 
seen an uptick in those prices as well.  
  
 
You will see. Sorry. You will see as we review the results coming in for Q4 
and moving forward. 
R Mukundan:  
Yes and on those prices, if there is any movement, input costs shift, which is 
substantial above cutoff especially in UK, I think we are protected. 
Bharat Sheth:  
And second, we lost some production because of shutdown, as well as supply 
chain issue. So, is it…Can you give some broad number, how much was due 
to shut down and how much due to supply-chain issue?  
R. Mukundan:  
Yes, broadly the production shortfall, you will not see it in sales. So, the 
production shortfall was about 30,000 tons across all units out together. 
Bharat Sheth:  
How much was on account of shutdown and how much on supply-chain 
issue?  
R. Mukundan:  
No, no. It was the main --- it was only on shutdown. We don’t lose anything 
on supply-chain. We have stocked up our units well.   
Bharat Sheth:  
And when our India expansion will be on the stream? 
R Mukundan:  
India expansion is coming in   and I think, fully it will get on stream by the 
end of ‘23 or so. All of them. All the units.  
Bharat Sheth:  
Okay. And last question, sir. On the specialty side, we had guided to 
breakeven in Q4. So, are we still on the same or there is some deferment? 
R. Mukundan:  
I think we will come back. I think we are working hard to still get to that 
point. 
Bharat Sheth:  
Okay. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Moderator:  
 The next question is from the line of Omkar Kamtekar from Aamara Capital.   

 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Omkar Kamtekar:   Sir, before --- I have two small questions. Before that, I have a small 
clarification. Approximately 2 tons of sodium carbonate is required for the 
production of 1 ton of lithium carbonate. Is that correct, sir? 
Zarir Langrana:  
Yes. That’s correct.  
Omkar Kamtekar:  Okay. So, the first question is, from the energy business vertical. So, sir, 
what type of battery technology --- battery type are we focusing on? Are you 
focusing on vehicles, electric vehicle batteries, or energy storage batteries for 
the larger grid? 
R. Mukundan:  
I think, as I mentioned, no specific decision has been taken. If there's any 
decision, we'll come back to you. That's all it is there to share. 
Omkar Kamtekar:  Okay. Okay. And second small question is regarding the battery that we will 
be manufacturing. So, we would be acting as a supplier for the battery 
manufacturer or we would be in-house manufacturing a battery for the 
vehicles or the grid? 
R. Mukundan:  
So, when I mentioned no decisions been taken, I cannot comment on that. 
Omkar Kamtekar:   Okay. No issues. No issues, sir.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Mithil Bhuva, an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Mithil Bhuva:  
Yes. On the accounting side, I had a couple of questions. There was some 
hedging done on accounting side for gas. So, if you can just highlight on 
that? 
Nandakumar T  :  
Yes. If you look at the accounting side, Mittal, on the other comprehensive 
income line in the consol, you will find the gain coming over.  So, the bulk of 
the gas positions have been hedged in UK and the U.S. and that gain comes 
in your other comprehensive income line in the P&L.  
Mithil Bhuva:  
Yes. So, can you just briefly, I mean, share the prices at which we are 
hedging or how is it? 
Nandakumar T:  
So, we have a policy we go by, Mittal, in terms of the hedging policy, and we 
go as per that and hedge as per the forecast of what we are going to buy in 
cash in future. And that's why since the price of hedging was lower than the 
market, market has gone up. Therefore, we have a mark-to-market gain 
sitting in the OCI. 
Mithil Bhuva:  
Okay. Okay. So, any particular gas price you can share wherein we are safe, 
actually? So, about that price area, safe so? 

 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Nandakumar T:  
So, we've been hedging for the last couple of years, Mittal, therefore, our 
hedging has been consistently happening month-on-month.  So, it's based 
upon the past averages. But the price has gone up in the last nine months’ 
time. So, that's why it's muffled gain. But exactly sharing in terms of what 
price is hedged, is obviously lower than what the current markets are. 
Markets have gone up substantially.  
Mithil Bhuva:  
Yes. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you for taking my questions. 
Nandakumar T:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company.   
Saket Kapoor:  
Sir, earlier in the last call, by the end of I think so, September, October, we 
have taken price hike to the tune of Rs.7,000 in the domestic market. Any 
revision that we have taken for this quarter, sir, for the spot prices? 
Zarir Langrana:  
So, as I mentioned earlier, 1st February onwards, we increased this price 
further by about Rs.1,500. 
 Saket Kapoor:  
Okay. So, for this month we have taken a fresh hike of Rs.1,500. 
Zarir Langrana:  
That's right. 
Saket Kapoor:  
Right, sir. And sir, for the domestic operations, sir, how much is the fixed 
price contract and what are we selling on spot, sir? Or is there a price 
revision clause for it? 
Zarir Langrana:  
Yes, we have a mix of some customers who are on a quarterly set. There are 
some customers who work monthly and of course, there is some volume that 
goes, literally on price ruling on date of dispatch. And we try to maintain a 
mix of those. As I mentioned earlier, really the focus, both, for us and our 
customers, moving forward into the year is to make sure that we keep them 
supplied, that they feel secure in terms of the availability of Soda Ash. 
Saket Kapoor:  
Sir, this price hike of  Rs.1,500 which we have taken off late, is it pertaining 
again to the energy cost or the demand-supply that has resulted in it?  
Zarir Langrana:  
It's very difficult to break up the two, but certainly the two broad drivers are 
the demand-supply and the market dynamics and of course, on input costs. 
But to break that up would be you know… 
Moderator:  
 The next question is from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong Securities.   
Chintan Modi:  
 Sir, just one question. This price hike that as you mentioned, that could be a 
combination of both, cost inflation, as well as the demand-supply mismatch 
that we are seeing, let's assume that a few quarters later, when this cost 

 
Page 18 of 20 
 
inflation starts subsiding and it is at much lower level compared to earlier 
ones, do you believe that customers will ask for a price reduction in Soda 
Ash or considering the demand-supply mismatch, you will be able to sustain 
those prices and increase your margins? 
R. Mukundan:  
See, really speaking, I want to tell you that the inflation has been mainly on 
the energy side. I think while I did mention salt availability or unavailability 
and all, I think those prices will correct, but they don't move the needle so 
much. The needle is moved by energy price. And the second needle as far as 
the UK is concerned, is the carbon price. So, on carbon, certainly, we are 
intending to make sure, if carbon prices do come down, which we --- see of 
carbon price normally was ruling at about EUR20, EUR25 and it has moved 
up to EUR60, EUR65. Right now, it is around EUR90 to EUR100. So, we 
don't anticipate it coming below EUR70 in any case, but if it does come 
down, it's a pass through. That's what we will maintain as far as customers 
are concerned.  
 
When it comes to the energy fees. I think, again, while we all hope that the 
energy costs stabilize, actually, the needle is moving in the other direction. 
So, if you ask me in the short-term, in next 12 months, I don't see any respite 
on the energy side, because the world is bouncing back. There are pressures 
on coal mines from reopening, there are power plants which need to restart, 
and I think they're all having this --- having to scramble for input. And on gas 
side, I think, the current situation in Europe and worldwide is not helping us 
in many ways. So, I wish it was --- it would move, but I do not want to 
hazard a guess. Unless it moves substantially on the softening side on the 
energy, I don't expect anyone to come back, because this seems to be the new 
normal reset that will be there, at least, for next one year or so. 
Chintan Modi:  
Sure, sir. Okay.   
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang.   
S Ramesh:  
Thank you, once again. So, if you go back to the UK business, if you look at 
the operating costs as of the third quarter, do we see that moving up in line 
with the current inflation for the fourth quarter and the full-year and how do 
we see the EBITDA margins trending in percentage terms, say in fourth 
quarter and over the next one year in UK? 
 Nandakumar S.  :  See, Ramesh, if you look at the first half numbers for UK, there's a 
substantial hit because of the carbon. As I mentioned earlier, we're able to 
hedge carbon only from October onwards. There was no market to hedge. So 
therefore, the first half of the year had a substantial hit because of the carbon 
impact in H1. That, as we mentioned, is not being covered by a way of hedge 
from Q3 onwards, and therefore, the volatility because of the carbon may not 
be there going forward and also, with the pass through happening of the 
carbon price to customers, you will see less volatility in the UK numbers, is 

 
Page 19 of 20 
 
what the presuming going forward. But first half had volatility because of the 
impact of the carbon and some part of the other input costs and a lag between 
the input costs going up and the cost increase being passed through. 
S Ramesh:  
So how much is the increase in the UK EBITDA as a result of the MTM 
gains you have shown in other comprehensive income? 
Nandakumar T:  
So, what I mean, in UK, the hedging is done --- we have a forward purchase 
contract, Ramesh. It is not a hedge in the normal sense of a hedge. What you 
see in the OCI is in terms of the gas hedge taken in, only the gas hedge taken 
in the UK and U.S. The carbon is bought through a forward purchase 
contract, which is not mark-to-market. 
S Ramesh: 
 No. So, is there any element of that MTM gain in the UK EBITDA or is it 
all operating gain?  
Nandakumar T:  
No, what I was explaining you is that, in Q3, since we've been able to hedge 
the carbon at the --- by way of a forward purchase agreement here, there is 
no incremental hit in Q3 on carbon. 
S Ramesh:  
Okay. Okay. So, that means your overall --- so, to that extent, your EBITDA 
is representative of the normalized operating EBITDA that you can expect.  
R. Mukundan:  
More or less. 
Nandakumar   T:  
Yes. 
R. Mukundan:  
If that is your question. I think that is correct. It is likely to remain in that 
boundary. 
S Ramesh:  
Yes. Understood, sir. Thanks a lot. That was helpful. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I 
now hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you. 
R. Mukundan:  
Thank you very much. I want to thank everyone who's on the call and for 
your questions and your suggestions. I just want to say that we went through 
a very difficult period in Q2 and I think the team has worked well to bounce 
back with the help of working with the customers, working with our 
suppliers to ensure steady bounce back in Q3. I think we hope that the 
current situation which we have in terms of our engagement with customers, 
and our current structure of engaging with our suppliers should hold us 
steady going forward into, not just Q4 but also well into next year.  
 
As far as the strategy is concerned, the strategy is to expand the core 
aggressively and I think the investment planned in India for about Rs.2,600 

 
Page 20 of 20 
 
crore is coming on stream and we expect most of that should be done and 
invested by the year-end, the coming year-end. And going forward, we also 
looking at further plans for expansion which will come back to all of you, as 
and when they are cleared by the Board.  
 
And as far as international businesses are concerned, the commercial terms, 
renegotiation with the customers has made them more steady. They were 
very volatile. I fully agree with many of the comments, but they have become 
steady. And we hope to hold this steady performance going forward across 
all our units.  
 
Overall, I would say the demand-supply environment continues to be tight, 
and the supply side challenges have been met well by the team by ensuring 
adequate stocking, adequate risk mitigation there on the input side. And 
really, it is up to operating excellence and excellence in servicing our 
customers, which our team is focused on, which will continue to come back 
to you. Thank you, and wish you all well. 
  
