0 
Krsnad 
D I A G N O S T I C S"' 
LET'S DO GOOD ...  
Date: 09th February, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department, 
pt Floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip ID: KRSNAA 
Scrip Code: 543328 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 3rd Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, 'G' Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: KRSNAA 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Earning Call conducted on 03rd February, 2022. 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call conducted on 03rd 
February, 2022, for your information and records. 
Request you to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Nikhil Deshpande 
Company Secretary 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Ltd {Formerly known as Krsnaa Diagnostics Pvt. Ltd.) 
S.No. 243/A, Hissa No. 6, CTS No. 4519, 4519/1, Near Chinchwad Station,
Chinchwad, Taluka - Haveli, Pune, MH - 411019 (India) NEW CIN: L7490C?N2010PLC138068
020 29780210 / 11 / 12 I info@krsnadiagnostics.com CIN : U74900PN2010PLC138068
www.krsnaadiagnostics.com I Ii I  I Hi I tm I f.1 

 
Page 1 of 21 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
February 03, 2022 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA MUTHA – CHAIRMAN – KRSNAA 
DIAGNOSTICS 
MS. PALLAVI BHATEVARA – MANAGING DIRECTOR– 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS 
MR. YASH MUTHA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – KRSNAA 
DIAGNOSTICS 
MR. PAWAN DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– 
KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS 
ANALYST: 
MR. NITIN AGARWAL- DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2022 earnings conference call of 
Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchstone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital Advisors. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks Margaret. Good evening everyone and a very warm welcome to Krsnaa Diagnostics 
Q3 FY2022 earnings call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors. On the call today, we have 
representing Krsnaa Diagnostics management, Mr. Rajendra Mutha – Chairman, Ms. Pallavi 
Bhatevara – Managing Director, Mr. Yash Mutha - Executive Director, and Mr. Pawan Daga 
– Chief Financial Officer. To start with, I will request the management team to make some
opening comments and then we will open the floor for questions. Yash can you please take
over the floor.
Yash Mutha: 
Thank you Nitin. Good evening everyone and welcome to Krsnaa Diagnostics third quarter 
and nine months ended FY2022 earning call. I hope you and your loved ones are staying safe 
and healthy. We have already circulated our earnings presentation, which is available on our 
website as well on the stock exchange website. I hope you all have had the opportunity to go 
through the presentation and I would be happy to take any question afterward. This is the 
second time we are interacting on a quarterly earning’s call and there are many participants 
who would have joined us for the first time. I would like to quickly reiterate our business 
model for their understanding and then move to discuss the company’s recent performance.  
At Krsnaa Diagnostics, we started our journey in 2011 with a modest two radiologic centers 
and today we are operating 1900 plus diagnostic centers in 14 states emerging as one of the 
fastest growing and differentiated diagnostic service provider in India. We are the only listed 
player in India providing large scale radiology services to 130 centers and more than 1300 
tele reporting centers.  
Among many important aspects of our business model the key is public private partnership 
under which we engage and collaborate with central, state governments, municipal 
corporations to provide diagnostic services at the public hospital. As per the contract 
requirement, government hospital provides with required space for setting up the diagnostic 
centers and then we install the specified equipment, deploy the required manpower to provide 
affordable and high-quality diagnostic services.  

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 3 of 21 
We are also proud to establish best in class infrastructure within these government hospitals 
starting from the interior to ensure comfortable and best experience for patients as well as 
deploying machine or equipment procured from global OEM vendors like Wipro, GE, 
Siemens, Philips, Fuji Film etc to ensure high quality imaging and accurate reports. The PPP 
arrangement ensures that we have a large and addressable customer base from day one given 
majority of the population today gets treated at most of the government hospital. In addition, 
there are multiple cost efficiencies in the business operations, such as no need to pay doctor 
referral fees, limited expenses on promotions or no rentals to government hospitals for the 
space as well as subsidized utility and electricity rate.  
In addition to the PPP model we also have strategic tie ups with 26 private hospitals present 
across these two states. In this model as well, we enter into a contract with these private 
hospitals who provide us a space in their premises, where we set up the radiology and 
pathology centers on a regular sharing model.  
Furthermore, our tele reporting hub in Pune which is one of India’s largest radiology reporting 
hub. At this facility we have almost more than 190 plus team of radiologist from India and 
abroad as well who examine these digital images on a 5 mega pixel medical grade monitor 
and prepare these reports. This is a unique value proposition which addresses the shortage of 
full time of doctors and also allows serving patient in remote location where diagnostic 
facility is limited.  
These are some of the underlying fundamental cost advantages that are in built in Krsnaa’s 
business model and are sustainable. We also employed the most advanced technology with 
cloud based support in our center ensuring that our patient’s get seamless and robust evidence 
based treatment in any part of the country. With the scale and strength of a business model 
Krsnaa is able to offer high quality services at disruptive prices. With our radiology test 
almost 45 to 60% lower and the pathology test 40 to 80% lower than the market rate. Even 
with these disruptive test prices we continue to deliver higher operating margins when 
compared to the industry. I hope this information is helpful for the first time participants.  
Now moving for quarterly result. In the third quarter of the fiscal year, we continued our 
growth momentum. The company delivered strong performance on both operational and 
financial aspect. Our test volumes saw an overall increase of 53% year-on-year in Q3 FY2022 
and posted an impressive growth of 81% year-on-year in the nine months ended FY2022. 
Overall business continued to remain resilient with improving COVID-19 situation and 
favorable macroeconomic factor. Revenue from operations stood at Rs.106 Crores which is 
an increase of 9% year-on-year. This growth is primarily driven by a core business of 
radiology and pathology, which grew by 34% year on year and was partially offset by a 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 4 of 21 
decline of 93% year on year in COVID-19 revenues. During the quarter, we continued to 
focus on underlying strength with no dependence on COVID business along with the overall 
moderation visible in the industry due to the festive season.  
The nine months ended FY2022, we have delivered revenues of Rs.347 Crores a robust 
growth of 16% year-on-year. Our businesses grew by 85% while the COVID-19 revenues 
declined by 71%. Furthermore, it is encouraging to see that within the first nine months of 
FY2022, the company has surpassed FY2021 numbers in terms of EBITDA and Profit after 
Tax. Our CFO Mr. Pawan will discuss the financial performance in more details later on.  
In terms of the business expansion we have made good progress for the new project that we 
have gone in the state of Punjab and Himachal Pradesh. For radiology we have 
operationalized five centers in Punjab and one center in Mumbai. For pathology we have 
operationalized five processing centers and 42 collection centers in the state of Punjab. 
Construction for 10 radiology center is already complete and is at different stages for another 
14 centers. Overall the progress remains on track at the end of January 2022 and all these 
centers are expected to operationalize in the coming months.  
We are well placed to benefit from the commissioning of this new center and expecting that 
meaningful revenue contribution will be visible in the next fiscal year and will remain on 
course to deliver accelerated growth. I would also like to update you on the utilization of IPO 
proceeds. Out of Rs.146 Crores outlined for debt reduction, we have utilized it fully for the 
repayment of the same. Another Rs.151 Crores which were outlined for establishment of 
diagnostic center out of which Rs.39 Crores have been incurred for the construction of centers 
that I just mentioned.  
Looking ahead, at the union budget of 2022 acknowledging accelerated improvement of 
health infrastructure in the past few years we expect national health mission to continue 
moving forward with an integrated and coordinate approach between the center and state to 
develop and provide accessible and affordable health care services. Furthermore, the 
company has participated in three tenders of state in Himachal Pradesh which is a pathology 
tender across the state covering six medical colleges, 93 civil hospitals, and 90 community 
health centers. Punjab for one MRI and Uttar Pradesh radiology tender for two clusters of 8 
CT scans each and the results of the tenders are expected soon. Along with this there are 
various other tenders published for the state of Assam, Bihar, Rajasthan, and Madhya Pradesh 
in which we will be participating.  
In terms of the private hospital partnership, we are in advance discussions with around five 
to six hospitals and hope to conclude on the arrangement by the end of this fiscal. Krsnaa 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 5 of 21 
Diagnostics remains at the forefront to closely work with government under PPP model and 
our management team remains fully committed to expand and grow business with a prudent 
and well defined growth strategy. Now I will hand over the call to Mr. Pawan Daga – Chief 
Financial Officer to discuss the financial performance. Over to you Pawan. 
Pawan Daga: 
Thank you Yash. A very good evening to all the attendees. I will present financial highlights 
of the quarter and the nine month ended December 2021. In Q3 FY2022 company registered 
revenue of Rs.106 Crores and increase of 9% on year on year basis from 98 Crores in Q3 
FY2021. Core business compromising of radiology and pathology posted a revenue growth 
of 34% while COVID revenue declined 93%.  
Operating EBTIDA for the quarter stood at Rs.30 Crores a growth of 48% on year on year 
basis with the margin improving to 28.6% from 21% in Q3 FY2021. Margin improvement is 
a result of a better revenue growth and revival of inherent operational efficiency of a core 
business has its contribution has increased.  
Profit after tax for Q3 FY2022 was Rs.16 Crores fourfold increase from Q3 with the margin 
of 14.7%. On a year to date basis the company has registered a revenue of Rs.347 Crores in 
nine month FY2022, an increase of 16% on year on year basis from Rs.301 Crores in nine 
month FY2021. Operating EBITDA stood at Rs.105 Crores growth of 73% on year on year 
basis and margin improving significantly to 30.2% as compared to 20.2% in nine month 
FY2021. EBITDA margin improvement can be attributed to higher number of test increased 
contribution from core business and stabilizing the cost of material consumed.   
In nine months PAT was Rs.50 Crores a growth of 215% from Rs.16 Crores in nine month 
FY2021 when adjusted for exceptional items. Profit after tax margin were 14.1% as compared 
to 5.2% in nine months FY2021. Utilization of IPO proceed for debt repayment has resulted 
in reduce interest cost and also contributed to improvement in profitability margins and we 
are now a debt free company. I am also pleased to share that the company is now rated by 
ICRA “A Stable” for a long term borrowing and “A1” for short term borrowing.  
Our PPP project implementation in Punjab, Himachal, and Mumbai is on track and so far we 
have incurred capital expenditure of Rs.39 Crores for setting up this new center. I would also 
like to take a moment to explain certain cost in detail for the clarity of all the participants. 
1) For round the clock services at our centers, we need minimum three persons. However, at
a majority of the tele reporting centers the technicians are appointed by the government and
due to leveraging of digitizing technology we need very few resource to manage this center.

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 6 of 21 
2) In PPP project such as Rajasthan, Manipur. Meghalaya, we work with the business partners
with whom we have a revenue sharing agreement for provide diagnostic services resources
including required manpower
3) Charges paid to 190 plus doctors for reporting are separately reported under reporting
charges which is a part of other expenses and is not included in the employee cost
4) Finally, we follow industry benchmark in paying the salaries to our staff hence do not
compromise on the quality.
Thank you very much and now we will be happy to answer any questions you have on the 
company’s recent performance or a business module. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Tushar Sarda from Athena Investments. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand your realization in radiology and 
pathology segment because it seems that from the presentation you have done more business 
of radiology and as of the revenue per patient would have gone up, but actually things have 
gone down so if you can give some clarity on this it would be nice thank you. 
Yash Mutha: 
In terms of realization for radiology and pathology the reason why compared to the increase 
in volume growth, the realization is not in the same trend is because there is certain growth 
in the volume of the tele reporting cases which are generally priced at about very low and that 
is the reason why you see the realization not in line with the new growth in volumes of number 
of test. So, on an average typically our realization for radiology would be around Rs.2000 or 
such but again with a combination of MRIs and CT scans and the reporting the blended rate 
would be different. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Okay I think last time also you mentioned similar thing so is it possible to give this 
information separately. I mean if it is only tele reporting why do you include it in the number 
of tests. 
Yash Mutha: 
Because these are also test right, so basically we have x-ray tele reporting. We have some CT 
tele reporting as well, so these are service at the center and the doctors do the reporting. 
Tushar Sarda: 
And are you margins higher in just this reporting business. 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 7 of 21 
Yash Mutha: 
Tele reporting generally does not involves significant amount of investment unlike I mean 
the regular centers. Tele reporting basically there are certain equipment like a digitizer that 
we have to deploy largely for the x-ray center which basically helps us expand in the remote 
locations. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Because you install these machines and all so now if you like to look at utilization of the 
equipment if you can either include it in the presentation or give this number separately it 
could be helpful. 
Yash Mutha: 
Sure, we will try to share this number separately. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. My question is again on the realization front. On the 
sequential basis as well if I look at your realization is down on the overall basis whether it is 
per patient or it is per test. As you had mentioned that is the radiology account for some tele 
reporting and all. So even in the sequential basis your radiology realization is down or the 
COVID has brought down in the realization. What exactly happened of 12% of degrowth on 
sequential basis. 
Yash Mutha: 
So the realization that you see is down as I mentioned earlier it is because of certain volume 
of test which are price lower. However, if you see in the overall volume that we do because 
we also have a large tele reporting presence and most importantly one of the reasons why the 
realization is down is also because of the fact that in the previous quarter there was various 
test which were linked to COVID which was high cost whereas now these are your routine 
regular test that the company has been doing year-on-year. Now, these are the normalized 
numbers so this is how we see and we do not expect a further downward trend in terms of 
realization because the two facts, one is in quarter three generally because of the festive 
season people generally prefer only these regular tests and at the same time most of the test 
which were earlier required for COVID are not required. If I can give you an example the f 
IL6 , Ferritin test e are no longer required and there are routine test like CBC and thyroid 
which also had resulted into lower realization, but these are stable volumes and we do no 
expect further downward trend in terms of this realization as well as in terms of radiology as 
well, there were certain test like HRCT which was again priced higher but now because 
COVID numbers have reduced the HRCT volumes have also come down and hence you now 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 8 of 21 
seen steady state realization. Typically for our business where as we mentioned earlier our 
prices are almost 40 to 50 lower in the industry rate or the market rate. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay and the second question is there any contribution in this quarter from Punjab. 
Yash Mutha: 
There is nominal revenue contribution from Punjab, very nominal numbers. 
Pawan Duga: 
It is a minimal number from Punjab which is contributed in quarter 3. From the fourth quarters 
onwards we will see growth. 
Yash Mutha: 
So Punjab as the centers are running up we should see sizeable contribution coming from Q1 
FY2023. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Shrimali from DS Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Devesh Shrimali: Hi team good evening. Just wanted to get your thought process. If I were take the currently 
quarterly run rate which is about 100 Crores and has been the case for Q2 as well for us. If I 
were to take a step up and go to FY2023 when Punjab and Himachal and Mumbai come 
online. There would be steady state which might take time but what would be the jump that 
we can expect in terms of revenue from these three major that is my first question. 
Yash Mutha: 
With these various projects getting operationalized and on a steady state revenue, we expect 
the jump to be anywhere between 30 to 50% growth in the coming quarters and that is what 
we are hopeful and confident of achieving. 
Devesh Shrimali: So that would be 130 to 140, 150 Crores run rate a quarter when they start maturing. 
Yash Mutha: 
So, on full annualized revenue we would expect around 150 plus Crores revenues coming 
from these new project. 
Devesh Shrimali: And if I were to little bit zoom out and look at two, three years down the line because there 
would be many tenders that you would go and keep biding. If you were to look at little longer 
horizon and do a modeling how would you want us to look at the pipeline because I know 
you called out qualitatively that there are number of tenders in pipeline but if you were to 
look at little longer, actually you must be tracking internally would there be a way to sort us 
give us some hint about how does the pipeline look in terms of quality and quantity. 
Yash Mutha: 
This is something that we have been talking earlier as well. First of all, the government has 
year marked 64,000 Crores under the national health care infra structure mission where in 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 9 of 21 
government has ambitious plans of upgrading each district hospital most of them converting 
into medical colleges or upgrading facilities there. Currently what Krsnaa has acquired in 
terms of these project. In our opinion it is just tip of the iceberg given that we are presently 
probably around 70 plus districts, whereas there are 760 districts in the country. From an 
opportunity perspective I think there are many more states which are opening up in terms of 
looking at PPP model, which has been successfully been running for so many years and I 
think COVID has amplified the need where government has also seen that and they want to 
upgrade the health care infra structure in the country. So this is where we see growth coming 
up and more and more states and also going deeper.  
For example, Himachal Pradesh where we have been doing CT scan, they have also launched 
the tender for pathology so likewise other states when they have tested for a particular let us 
say whether it is radiology or pathology they are also now exploring other verticals where 
they want to make these facilities available to the masses I think that is where we also see an 
additional opportunity for us. Beyond this as we mentioned we are also equally looking on 
the private hospital or the private side of the business where we looking to set up our own 
network or leveraging the network that we already have in these 14 states to set up collection 
centers and processing labs that we can also augment these additional lines of revenue. 
Devesh Shrimali: Got it. Thank you. And two quick tactical parts if you can help us understand whether the 
private partnership margin profiles would be similar to what you have in PPP and I think that 
is about it. 
Yash Mutha: 
The private hospital partnerships the margins are more or less same, so generally at a company 
level we follow the certain EBITDA threshold or margin threshold. However, it you have to 
compare on a PPP basis, the margins of PPP would be slightly few basis points more because 
on the private hospital partnerships you have certain expenses like the electricity and the 
revenue share which is also to be given. However, I would not say it is a significant difference 
in terms of margin probably a few basis points here and there. 
Devesh Shrimali: How are you seeing the competitive intensity given high margins that we have in PPP and in 
current and the future trends? I know our win ratio has been great, just wanted to get some 
thoughts from you. 
Yash Mutha: 
Of course we are seeing competition, but as I said if you see from the landscape perspective, 
the landscape is pretty huge. We are seeing other players coming and participating in these 
tenders but again we have not seen a very active participation, we have seen them 
participating in few tenders. I think directionally what we believe is given that    they have 
already established a good business model, a good market that   they have covered and 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 10 of 21 
entering into the government business and pricing the same test at such low rate in our opinion 
and what we normally hear in the corridors is it could impact their existing pricing and that is 
how we see these competition wherein generally, not playing an active role,  but of course 
there are regional players who come and participate in these tenders. 
Pawan Duga: 
Also, government is also looking for a serious player who participates for the project to 
provide the service to the nation or the citizen of the state or citizen of the nation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: Thank you very much Sir for the opportunity. Sir I just wanted to understand in the previous 
call as well we were kind of talking about 700 Crores kind of top line next year so that is what 
we are kind of targeting because the 30 to 50% growth in revenue gives a run rate of 135 to 
150 Crores that would be closer to 550 to 600 Crores kind of a top line. 
Yash Mutha: 
Basically, if you see in terms of the growth that we are expecting for the next fiscal is around 
650 Crores, so if you see currently with the current rate and the new projects coming up we 
expect the revenue in the range of around 650 odd Crores as a top line for the next fiscal so 
that comes to around 45% in terms of growth, but of given that business environment is a 
dynamic, that is why we have given a range of around 35 to 50% in terms of expectation for 
the next year. 
Deepak Poddar: I understood this, and on the EBITDA margin how do you see the operating leverage playing 
out because at a higher revenue scale, currently we are at about 29 to 30% so any comments 
on the operating leverage that we can get at a higher revenue rate. 
Yash Mutha: 
As we have mentioned earlier, the business will continue to grow and certain of the cost are 
already absorbed, every additional revenue will start contributing to better EBTIDA. The only 
thing from a project implementation perspective because Punjab and other centers are getting 
operationalized so in the initial couple of months the EBITDA will be a bit subdued because 
of the revenue not matching with expenses, but I think over the years they will stabilize with 
an improvement in the EBITDA margin going forward because our fixed cost has already 
been absorbed and as we go along every additional revenue will start contributing and adding 
more to the EBITDA and PAT. 
Deepak Poddar: So improvement over this 30% on an average. All the very best. Thank you. 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 11 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saikumar Venkat an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Saikumar V: 
Hello Sir I am Saikumar I am an individual investor. I am really happy to be present here and 
ask a question and thanks for taking up my question. So, I know that we do partnership with 
the public hospitals to set up diagnostic centers in the premises of the hospital. I have two 
questions actually. The first question is do we just cater for patients who visit the public 
hospital itself or we also see some organic visits. 
Yash Mutha: 
Sorry could you repeat the last part of the question. 
Saikumar V: 
Do we also see any organic visit. Any patient from other than that public premises hospital. 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes of course. Basically, when we set up these centers in public hospitals there is no 
discrimination between public patients versus private patients. In fact, in some of our centers 
in metros we have almost 30 to 50% of private walk ins. These are your everyday people, 
whether it is people from IT industry, in some cases we have HNI patients coming to the 
centers. So, we certainly see this trend and that is the reason why from day one as a model we 
have invested in quality center in utilizing quality equipment, best-in class infrastructure to 
ensure that every patient who walks in to our center gets these high quality services at highly 
disruptive prices. 
Saikumar V: 
My second question is simply about why our average revenue is getting down Sir. 
Yash Mutha: 
As I mentioned earlier, the reason why you see a drop in the average revenue compared to the 
previous quarter is also because of the fact of the test mix. So, in the previous quarters there 
were various test which were high priced like for example which were COVID related, like 
your special test, IL6, ferritin. Whereas now you see the routine regular test which currently 
is part of the existing revenues and these are the steady state volume tests that we see and we 
do not expect a further erosion or downward trend in the prices because these are steady state 
prices that we have been seeing even in the pre COVID times. 
Saikumar V: 
Thanks. All the very best for all things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Agraj Shah from Tata AIA Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 12 of 21 
Agraj Shah: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir recently came across your ad in various social medias for 
health packages so can you just take me through that as in what this package is and which 
segments are you targeting etc. 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes, these packages that we have launched, we are trying to foray into the private market and 
that is the reason why we have built up these packages where these will be for home collection 
services for corporates, we have built these and soon we will also launch it across all the states 
across the country. 
Agraj Shah: 
This will be for existing participants who come to your centers or this will be another. 
Yash Mutha: 
This is an important service once we officially fully launch this, we will make it available to 
everyone who has come in. As we are saying they are also testing how these packages are 
being received by the customers and then will officially launch this across the districts 
wherever we have our presence. 
Agraj Shah: 
And secondly with doctor consultation actually going online and diagnostics actually 
participating in that do we see a case for probably the gap on the radiology side etc. where 
there are no other players competing in that space. Is there a business case for us to actually 
participate that in part of the tele consultation. 
Yash Mutha: 
If you see currently the way our model is built upon, we already have a large tele radiology 
reporting hub wherein we are serving our existing centers. Of course in terms of capabilities 
and capacities, we do have the bandwidth to even serve other centers and there are some 
discussion going on but as of now given these volumes that we are processing, I think we 
have enough on our plate and we will certainly be exploring these options as we go along. 
Agraj Shah: 
And lastly on the new centers you said that EBITDA will be hit at least in FY2023 given that 
on the overall scheme on things how much valuation be in your EBITDA for the next couple 
of years from the new year centers and given that my understanding is that these centers ramp 
up quickly within one to two years so what would be the track for the next couple of years. 
Yash Mutha: 
In terms of EBITDA, we will be maintaining the existing level of EBITDA margins. We do 
not see a downward trend. In fact, they should be improving so even with the combination of 
the new centers and our existing centers ramping up, the EBITDA trend should be at least the 
same or at the best it will be improving. 
Agraj Shah: 
You are talking about margins right not the absolute number. 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 13 of 21 
Yash Mutha: 
Could you repeat the question please? 
Agraj Shah: 
So you are talking about the margin trend right or the absolute EBITDA. 
Yash Mutha: 
EBITDA margin trends. It will be consistent margin and in our opinion it should be moving 
up in the next fiscal and going forward there on. 
Agraj Shah: 
So 29, 30% would actually give us this and anything that comes will be on top of that. Thank 
you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Agarwal from Prudent Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddharth: 
Hi good afternoon Sir thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is, ours is a capital 
intensive business with both up front capex as well as higher working capital so what do you 
think in the long term sustainable ROCE for this business. 
Yash Mutha: 
Of course capital intensity will consider the radiology part of the business, but like we 
mentioned in our earlier calls as well. If you see these centers given the volumes and the 
prices that we offer, we are able to generate good amount of revenues on the capex that we 
deploy and we have seen most of our centers providing ROCE north of 15% plus even for 
radiology centers. Going forward as the centers start maturing and with the combination of 
the pathology project as well the ROCEs at the company level will also continue to improve. 
We are confident that we have already seen the same in few of our various projects whether 
it is Karnataka or Himachal Pradesh. So, if I talk about radiology, I think the ROCEs are much 
better and we have been able to successfully demonstrate that year on year. 
Siddharth: 
And Sir as a private company, we have had a history of very fast growth which was aided by 
high levels of debt. As a listed company would you talk a little bit more about your capital 
allocation as when how much debt are you comfortable running it and what is the sustainable 
growth that the company can achieve without diluting further or are there plans to dilute 
further again to fast track the growth. 
Yash Mutha: 
We are already a debt free company and as a philosophy we would like to remain a debt free 
company. Now in terms of expansion of new projects, new tenders that come in we do not 
expect to dilute any further. Based on the internal accrual that we will be generating and with 
a combination of creative vendor financing for which we are already in discussion with 
various OEM vendors, we believe that we could still continue to expand and grab these 
projects without any further dilution of the company. I think a combination of our internal 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 14 of 21 
accruals and at the same time having significant cash in the books as well, we can still 
continue to expand given that we have reached this scale in size now where many OEM 
vendors are willing to extend their line of credit, at the same time our internal accruals are 
good enough for us to allow us the expansion in the subsequent year. 
Siddharth: 
So Sir in coming years we can see 100 Crores sort of cash flow coming in every year. Once 
our Punjab center etc. stabilize. 
Yash Mutha: 
Even if you have to consider on a very conservative way if you take a 600 Crores top line 
also with a 30% EBITDA that is almost 180 Crores of EBITDA so these are the internal 
accrual that we are expecting in the subsequent years on a steady scale which will be 
generating year on year. 
Siddharth: 
Great Sir. Thanks a lot for your question. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krish Mehta from Enam Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 
Krish Mehta: 
Hi thank you for taking my questions. The first question I had was on your accounts receivable 
date for the quarter if you could give that number. 
Yash Mutha: 
Could you repeat the question please?  
Krish Mehta: 
If you could give the accounts receivable days for the quarter. 
Yash Mutha: 
The account receivable date for this quarter will be around 71 days. 
Krish Mehta: 
Okay and my second question was on your vendor financing. What percent of your finance 
cost for the quarter was vendor financing? 
Yash Mutha: 
I think the percentage cost would be very minimal in this quarter. 
Krish Mehta: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometric. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua: 
Good evening Sir and thank you for providing good service to the nation at affordable price. 
My first question is now with the new centers coming, we will get some percentage so how 
to think forward of FY2024 from these new center. How to think in terms of capacity 
utilization. I know it is not a manufacturing industry. even with this 200 Crores coming from 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 15 of 21 
this center can it reach 300, 350. How to take a major part from these centers which we are 
realizing in this quarter and next quarter, this is my first question. 
Yash Mutha: 
In terms of capacity utilization if I were to give you as a road map, typically once we establish 
a radiology center we start doing on an average 25 cases on a monthly basis which ramps up 
to 40 and there is of course a potential to go up to 60 and even higher. All this depends on 
once the people in these respective geographies start getting to know that these are the test 
available at highly disruptive prices, we see more and more people coming to our centers. In 
the subsequent years, FY2023, 2024 onwards as the centers start maturing we expect the 
revenue contribution from the existing centers to go up and they should further help us in our 
revenues along with this new centers that will also come along. So, there is no limitation per 
se in terms of how much can be expected in terms of growth, of course except for the 
theoretical capacity even in some of our centers metros we have seen such centers do 
significant volumes, given they at so disruptive prices. 
Manoj Dua: 
Can we expect 7 to 8% growth from mature centers in a steady basis because of new share 
value or something. I am not putting this inflation which we get from government because of 
the cost also related in that area. Just because per value tax increasing and number of tax 
increasing through our efficiencies etc, can you put some growth to that. 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes, in our opinion 10% is a steady share growth that we expect from our existing center year 
on year. 
Manoj Dua: 
Can you throw some light on the vendor financing. At what cost normally you can get from 
them? 
Yash Mutha: 
The vendor financing that we are currently working on could be in the range of between 7% 
to 8%, I think max around 9% is what we are working out and that should be materializing 
very soon. 
Manoj Dua: 
In this very stable cash flows, very predictable cash flows also in the center why a company 
wanted to be debt free if the growth paths are so high why a company to be able to use some 
debt to utilize and make it large benefit of economical space and remain relevant is disruption 
pricing. 
Yash Mutha: 
There are two reasons, one is of course the way we have grown and matured at this stage and 
when you have the option of creative financing from these vendors, where we also have a 
skin in the game so that is the first approach we would prefer to choose. Of course, if there is 
a large project which gives us a long term or visibility in terms of revenue and it makes sense 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 16 of 21 
to using a combination of debt and equity, we will evaluate the options. But as a philosophy 
we want to be debt free for that we use optimum use of capital whether it is vendor financing 
or debt we will of course evaluate those options at that point in time considering the project 
that is on hand and we then decide. 
Manoj Dua: 
Ok thanks and I will join back in the queue for more questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Dalia from DAM Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Parth Dalia: 
Hi thanks for taking the question. Could you help me out with a capex guidance for the current 
financial year and FY2023. 
Yash Mutha: 
The capex guidance for the current financial year is only restricted to the project that we have 
already won, which was also mentioned in the RHP, Punjab, Maharashtra, Karnataka, and 
Himachal Pradesh. For the next fiscal given that these tenders are in the pipeline, we would 
expect around 100 Crores of investment that we believe would come our way, with these 
tenders which are there in the pipeline. So around 100 Crores what we expect in terms of 
capex for the next year. 
Parth Dalia: 
And for FY2022. This year. 
Yash Mutha: 
This year nothing except for the project that already won that we are currently implementing. 
So no additional capex in this fiscal. 
Parth Dalia: 
Okay thank you. My second question is on the pricing trend for test on pathology and 
radiology post recent addition of contract are we observing any pricing pressure for newer 
contract. 
Yash Mutha: 
At Krsnaa, we generally do not follow a pricing pressure. We only go for particular project 
of tender if it makes sense both in terms of strategic approach to a particular state, if we get 
entry and largely it will be driven by certain EBITDA and metals that we have. We just do 
not take any tender because of the pricing. 
Parth Dalia: 
Okay and did we take any price hikes this year for our existing business. 
Yash Mutha: 
Wherever these prices which are either part of the contract and that is one of the feature where 
we have while we see from a realization rate the prices are low but we do not have any pricing 
revision or downward pricing pressure for our existing rate card because if prices are already 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 17 of 21 
embedded part of the contract. In fact, there is a price escalation clause in most of our contract 
which allows us to increase our prices. So from that perspective we do not see any downward 
revision or pressure on the prices and in fact there have been certain tenders that in the past 
also we have won which were higher than the previous prices that which we were operating. 
Parth Dalia: 
Okay that is helpful and lastly could you help me out with a price hike outlook for the newer 
contracts going forward. 
Yash Mutha: 
There is no definite price hike. It all depends on the tender, the investment that is required but 
just to give us some kind of anecdote here like in most of our previous tenders for CT scan 
the average is 1200 but in Karnataka it will be at 1,550 so, it all depends on the project. And 
reporting project that we were doing for AP which was initially at Rs.33 then we re-tendered 
we bided for Rs.54 and we are currently operating at around Rs.54. So the prices generally 
are determined based on the project but they are normally benchmarked to be CGHS rate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometric. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua: 
Sir as you told that you have some barometers for bidding the EBITDA margin or on a 
strategic basis and do not bid for the tenders with a lower margin or lower ROCE. Are we 
finding any reasons like more instance increasing where you are not bidding because your 
metrics are not met are you are able to bid easily as of now, what is the situation there. 
Yash Mutha: 
 Basically, when it comes to bid, there is no restriction for us not to participate. We will 
participate and quote the prices based on the threshold that we have determined. Now the 
wining would be dependent on what the competition might quote. There has been instances 
in the past where competition would have quoted lower but as again they have realized that 
were not able to do it successfully and these tenders have also come up and open for 
retendering again because these bidders are not able to successfully take it through so that is 
the reason why we are already not concerned in terms of pricing pressure. We know how to 
run this business, at what prices it is basically feasible to take up a project and that is only 
how we will consider pricing for the projects going forward as well.  
Manoj Dua: 
Thank you. Can you throw some light on the B2C you are trying to going forward experiment 
if it is not too worried because you can experiment it and my second question is how you are 
seeing B2B growing forward in the future. Would the present mix for B2C and B2B remain 
on this private hospital, percentage share is going to increase in the future. 
Yash Mutha: 
Sure, as with respect to B2C, we are working on certain models in terms of expanding and 
leveraging our existing network. It is basically setting up collection centers so currently this 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 18 of 21 
in work and we should be announcing it soon probably by beginning of the next fiscal. As 
regards to the private hospital share, we are continuing to expand our foot print reaching out 
to hospitals and equally we are also seeing interest from various hospitals who have started 
approaching us. So, we would want to continue that approach and even optically number wise 
as well it is a healthy number to have 50, 50 in terms of 50% revenue coming from the PPP 
side and 50% coming from the private side, so we are working in that direction as well. 
Manoj Dua: 
My last question as you have said you will expand through vendor financing and the internal 
accrual leaving this FY2023, 2024 where there could be little bit higher bump due to new 
project and center we want. Can we grow 22% extra from longer period like four; five years 
from this strategy and with the opportunity level can we take a minimum 20% growth going 
forward from FY2024 also. 
Yash Mutha: 
Could you just repeat the question again? 
Manoj Dua: 
My question is this FY2023 would be a good bum up because of the recent orders we have 
own and maybe FY2024 maybe some jump come over from the new orders which we have 
own but with the internal accruals and vendor financing can there be confidence we can grow 
20% without the mission for a four to five period of time continuously. 
Yash Mutha: 
I think there is no doubt on this. With this model we can certainly expand and grow. 
Manoj Dua: 
By 20% minimum this is my question. 
Yash Mutha: 
Yes. 
Manoj Dua: 
Okay, thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Agarwal from Prudent Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddharth: 
Hi good afternoon sir. Sir just a follow-up to the previous participants’ questions what you 
answered. What are the risk if any which can prevent you from growing our 20% for midterm, 
we are talking about five to six years at least. What could be some of the risks which could 
prevent you from doing that if any what would it be? 
Yash Mutha: 
If you see in terms of the current business model, we are setting up diagnostic center in areas 
or regions where there is very limited access to quality diagnostics. As people are becoming 
more and more aware of the requirements for diagnostic test as well as government has also 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 19 of 21 
realized, so we have started the lowest prices and there is a price escalation built into it. 
Secondly, these are long term contracts with 10 plus years. Thirdly, there are enough 
opportunities for many states to open up and use this PPP model and we provide the best in 
class equipment’s and best in class services. All of these factors if you consider we do not see 
any risk that will come our way in terms of expanding and continuing the growth trajectory. 
Of course, there is a competition and people are looking at this space but I think given the 
overall opportunity that is existing today even we believe it establishes a healthy market. 
Siddharth: 
And Sir is there any center that we have lost. Where our term gain for renewal and for 
whatever reason we could not win the rebate and we have lost. 
Yash Mutha: 
As of now there is no such project which we have lost. Whatever come for re tendering we 
have won it and we are continuing to serve it. 
Siddharth: 
Okay great and Sir lastly in B2C you mentioned in one of the earlier answers you mentioned 
that we are also planning to provide diagnostics packages to private clients also, so is there 
anything on our PPP contract which prevents us from choosing the government facilities for 
catering to private. Is there any constraint as such that we have to first give preference to the 
patient walking into the hospitals etc. 
Yash Mutha: 
The reason why government wants to upgrade these facility is they want to provide services 
to the masses. Now government does not discriminate between a private patient or a 
government patient. For them it is a citizen of the state of the citizen of the country, so as such 
there is no discrimination. Of course there are people who are under certain schemes, they 
have to fill certain documents for which there is a queue but apart from this we do not see any 
such restriction or limitations and hence from our perspective we do not see any challenges 
in attending or providing services to the private cases, As I mentioned earlier, in some of our 
center in metros, we even see 30 to 50% share of private walk in coming and the government 
is also aware of them and they are happy to continue. Because at the end of the day it is the 
government name that gets publicized. 
Siddharth: 
Okay and the pricing remains the same for a private walk in or someone which government 
pays. 
Yash Mutha: 
Correct. The rates are same. In fact for government, they are more happy because they can go 
and announce that these are the facilities that they have made available to the citizen of the 
state or municipality or the country. So, government are actually welcoming this and it is 
driving more and more patient come into this. 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 20 of 21 
Siddharth: 
So in a way we will slowly get into the turf of other big private diagnostic, whether it is Dr. 
Lal etc so in a way we will start competing with them slowly while they are not interested in 
competing with us is that understanding correct. So Sir I was just confirming that with this 
new B2C initiatives where we are doing this diagnostic packages for private walks in or etc, 
so in a way we are entering the turf of leading diagnostic players like Lal while these players 
cannot directly compete with us. 
Yash Mutha: 
No, I would not say we are entering. We are already there. As I said in most of our places 
where we are, people are coming to our centers whether it is government or people from lower 
income families, as well as people from affluent backgrounds they are coming and availing 
this test because for these patient, the center look and feel ambience is as good as any other 
private centers, the rates are disruptive, the equipment is the same world class equipment and 
the services are the same provided by these doctors whom we employ. So for them a 50% 
price reduction is a significant advantage, even if they have to use a cab to come and let us 
say avail these services and we are seeing this. This has made us believe that with more 
awareness, with people understanding and when they come to our centers they generally do 
lot of mouth to mouth publicity which helps us get more and more customers in the years to 
come. Most of the other players they are predominantly pathology focused where as Krsnaa 
is an integrated diagnostic provider having radiology as well as pathology as its verticals of 
revenue and services. 
Siddharth: 
And Sir what is our equipment like or what period do you depreciate it. 
Yash Mutha: 
Typically, these equipments are normally depreciated over the useful life following the 
accounting standards and life of these equipment is generally long. Typically on the radiology 
side it is anywhere between 10 to 13 years depending on the type of the equipment. 
Siddharth: 
Okay great Sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comment. 
Yash Mutha: 
Thank you everyone for joining our nine months ended FY2022 earning call. I hope we have 
answered all your questions and thank you for being patient with us. Please feel free to 
connect with our investor relationship team if you have any questions or which remain 
unanswered. Thank you very much and wishing you everyone good evening ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dam Capital Advisors Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 

Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited 
February 03, 2022 
Page 21 of 21 
Notes: 
1.
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings.
2.
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference.
3.
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written
consent of Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited.
Ravi Gothwal / Vikas Luhach 
Churchgate Partners 
For further information, please contact 
Nikhil Deshpande 
Company Secretary  
Krsnaa Diagnostics Ltd. 
+91 20-29780210 /11/12
investors@krsnadiagnostics.com
+91 22 6169 5988
krsnaa@churchgatepartners.com
