 
 
www.windlas.com 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
Reg. Off.: 40/1, Mohabewala Industrial Area 
Dehradun, Uttarakhand 248 110, India 
Tel.:+91-135-6608000-30, Fax:+91-135-6608199 
 
Corp. Off.: 705-706, Vatika Professional Point, Sector-66, 
Golf Course Ext. Road, Gurgaon, Haryana 122 001, India 
Tel.:+91-124-2821030 
 
CIN-U74899UR2001PLC033407 
February 14, 2022 
 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
 
BSE CODE: 
543329  
 
 
 
    NSE SYMBOL:  WINDLAS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Subject: Q2 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
Ananta Narayan Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Windlas Biotech Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 03, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. NITIN AGARWAL – DAM CAPITAL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITESH WINDLAS – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
WINDLAS BIOTECH LIMITED 
MS. KOMAL GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
WINDLAS BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. SHAILENDRA RASTOGI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
– WINDLAS BIOTECH LIMITED 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Windlas Biotech Limited Q3 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks, Janice. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to Windlas Biotech’s 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors. On the call today, we are 
representing the Windlas Biotech management team, Mr. Hitesh Windlass, Managing 
Director and Ms. Komal Gupta, Chief Financial Officer. I will hand over the call to the 
Windlass Biotech team to make some opening comments and then we will open the floor 
for questions. Hitesh please go ahead. 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Thank you Mr. Nitin and good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all the participants 
on the call. It is a pleasure to connect with all of you in the present day. At the onset, I hope 
everybody is safe, healthy and taking necessary precautions in the wake of our third wave 
of COVID-19. I hope everyone must have gotten an opportunity to go through our financial 
results and investor presentation which has been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as 
the company website. For the benefit of the participants, I would like to discuss a few 
operational highlights initially followed by financial highlights of the quarter, which will be 
shared by our CFO, Ms. Komal Gupta. 
 
Our top-line grew by 9.6% for nine months of financial FY2022 on an adjusted basis. Our 
nine months revenue for CDMO services in the products vertical stood at Rs.282.8 Crores 
up 3% Y-o-Y which contributed approximately 83% to the consolidated revenue. Our 
CDMO vertical growth was below our expectations, which was primarily due to challenges 
in material availability and also changes in our development team. Once these issues are 
resolved and we have recently appointed our Chief Business Officer, Mr. Shailendra 
Rastogi and rejuvenated our business development team. We expect the performance of this 
vertical to fall back in the growth trajectory that it was following earlier because none of 
these effects are structural in nature, rather both are transitory in nature. The company is 
well on track to increase the share of chronic and subchronic therapies as well as our 
concentration in complex generic products. Over the past few years, Windlas Biotech has 
focused on innovation and R&D, which is now yielding good results. The company is 
currently the only manufacturer to receive several DCGI approvals for select products, 
which will provide a first-mover advantage in the CDMO division and will also enable us to 
increase our market share and growth. We believe that these innovative products along with 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 13 
our focused execution on the business development front will create value for our customers 
and in turn to will drive the revenue and margins for the company upwards. 
 
Nine months revenue for trade generic vertical stood at Rs.46.1 Crores up 42% on the back 
of new product launches and expansion in the distribution channel. Trade generic vertical 
contributed approximately 13% to the consolidated revenue. The company is focusing on 
increasing the number of stockiest and distributors network along with increasing the 
number of brands. Our strong execution coupled with rising price sensitivity among Indian 
patients and even supported by government schemes such as Jan Aushadhi Yojana and 
Ayushman Bharat are going to drive the next leg of growth for domestic trade generics and 
OTC verticals. Nine months revenue for export verticals stood at Rs.11.5 Crores, up 7% 
year on year and export verticals contributed approximately 3% to our consolidated 
revenue. The company’s overall growth trajectory is expected to accelerate further 
underpinned by a strong pipeline of innovative products, available capacity and a growing 
customer base. I would also like to inform that the company has concluded the SAHPRA 
inspection audit for plant four situated in Dehradun with zero critical observations or major 
deficiencies and some minor deficiencies. The company has undergone this inspection from 
September 20, 2021 to September 29, 2021. The successful completion of this audit will 
enable us to open up new geography and strengthen our presence in South Africa by 
supplying products to our business partner over there. The company is well on track to 
double its CDMO revenue, triple its revenue from trade generics and quadruple its revenue 
from exports over five years and the company’s three-pronged strategies for CDMO 
verticals, increasing revenue share from existing customers, new customer addition and 
innovative product launches driven by strong R&D are expected to accelerate our growth. 
With this, let me invite Ms. Komal Gupta our CFO for the financial performance highlights. 
Komal Gupta: 
I will now take you through consolidated financial and operational highlights. On a 
consolidated basis, net adjusted revenue from operations grew 10% Y-o-Y to Rs.343.8 
Crores for nine months FY2022. EBITDA margins stood at 11.6% as against 13.5% Y-o-Y. 
A decrease in EBITDA margins was primarily due to change in product mix, increased 
R&D expenses, additional plant manpower and higher product development or 
registrations. The company also incurred Rs.1.4 Crores of ESOP related expenses during 
the period. Adjusted profit after tax stood at Rs.23.3 Crores as against Rs.23 Crores Y-o-Y. 
 
Now coming to Q3 FY2022 financial highlights, on a consolidated basis net revenue from 
operations stood at Rs.117.6 Crores. EBITDA margins stood at 11.5% as against 14.8% Y-
o-Y. The company also incurred Rs.0.5 Crores ESOP related expenses during the period. 
Adjusted PAT stood at Rs.8.3 Crores as against Rs.10.6 Crores. 
I will now take you through vertical wise highlights.  

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 13 
CDMO vertical highlights: Q3 and nine months revenue for CDMO vertical stood at 
Rs.95.9  Crores and Rs.282.8 Crores down 5.6% and 2.8% Y-o-Y respectively. CDMO 
vertical contributed approximately 82% and 83% for Q3 and nine months FY2022 
respectively to the consolidated revenue.  
Trade generics vertical highlights: Q3 and nine months revenue for trade generics stood 
at Rs.16.8 Crores and Rs.46.1 Crores up 36.5% and 41.9% Y-o-Y respectively. Trade 
generics vertical contributed approximately 14% and 13% for Q3 and nine months FY2022 
respectively to the consolidated revenue.  
Export vertical: Q3 and nine-month revenue for export vertical stood at Rs.3.7 Crores and 
Rs.11.5 Crores up 76.3% and 7% Y-o-Y respectively. Export vertical contributed 
approximately 3% and 3% for Q3 and nine-month FY2022 respectively to the consolidated 
revenue.  
The company continued to be a net cash positive company. The company has utilized 
Rs.60.3 Crores from IPO proceeds for various activities mentioned in the prospectus out of 
Rs.152 Crores roughly translating into 40% IPO proceeds utilization. The company is 
planning to utilize the entire proceeds by December 2022 to fund the incremental working 
capital requirement, capacity expansion, and addition of injectables dosage capabilities, 
which will further strengthen the company’s value proposition while maintaining the strong 
balance sheet. We can now begin the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Riya Verma from Oracle Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Riya Verma: 
Thank you for this opportunity. I have three questions. Firstly you recently concluded the 
SAHPRA order with minor observations? Can you please throw some light on how much 
additional revenue we can expect from the South African market once we clear the 
approval? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Sure. I cannot give you a forward-looking revenue number, but I can share that our partner 
in South Africa, the marketing partner is Cipla and two products that have been filed which 
we are expecting to unlock in South Africa with Cipla. 
Riya Verma: 
Secondly plant four which is under the US FDA alert, are we planning again to invite the 
US FDA and start the business in the US in the near term? If not what geographies are we 
planning to cater through this plant? 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Sure so as a responsible company whatever commitments that we had made to the US FDA 
in terms of remediation we have been undergoing and taking those commitments through. I 
expect in Q4 we will finish the complete remediation and file our final response to the US 
FDA, but as I have noted earlier also we are currently not actively pursuing more products 
or the US market. We are looking at tying up the products currently we have with partners 
and that will be our strategy and that is not just from a plant perspective, but also the oral 
solids business in the US has become extremely competitive and that is something that is 
probably not worth pursuing at this sta ge so this is the reason that is being done. 
Riya Verma: 
One last question. Can you share the progress on our injectable capex also once the capacity 
is operational, what kind of capacity utilization can we expect on an average? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
We are currently in the final stages of negotiating the price of our filling and packing 
machinery that we need for that injectables unit and I am expecting that we will place our 
POs well before the end of this quarter in Q4 and the plant we have expected to finish 
somewhere in the region of nine to 12 months and that is when we will have our first 
commercial batch. We are currently still on track. Some of the machinery is imported and 
so we have to factor that in and currently, we are on track and this the sort of in line with 
what we had earlier also spoken about. 
Riya Verma: 
Sir that has been helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Shah from SS Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sachin Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. First is, I would like to 
understand your vertical wise strategy to achieve like 2x, 3x or 4x kind of revenue growth 
for your respective division? This is CDMO or trade generic and export market? Can you 
highlight on that part what would be your strategy? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Sure. In the first vertical which is our largest CDMO of trade production services, our 
strategy has been three-pronged. One is the development of new products for which we are 
early movers and have the first DCBI permission and as I mentioned we have in the last 
quarter also received several of these where in anybody who wants to come in will have to 
repeat the clinical studies and provide the same data to DCGI which is quite a bit of 
investment so these are products that we have almost four years to then exploit and we are 
looking to further accelerate our filings with DCGI and bring in these new products to drive 
more growth in the therapeutic areas of diabetes, cardiovascular, urology and certain other 
chronic segments. The second area of focus for us in which I believe we have had a little bit 
of a setback is around business development and reaching out to a wider client base. Our 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 13 
BD team is now in place with a very capable leader who has joined us and we expect to 
execute better and continue on this push for client addition and the third is where areas 
where products in which we have a significant number of clients already and we want to be 
sort of a larger presence in terms of CDMO footprint there so in these areas we are looking 
to tie up with our suppliers to offer complying value proportion to customers and convert 
them over to us so that is the third prong for CDMO services and products. Product 
innovation, customer expansion and expanding the current products to new customers. The 
second vertical Mr. Sachin is our trade generics vertical. Here we are seeing a very strong 
momentum coming from the marketplace itself as well as from our execution although our 
base is smalll, but still we are registering strong growth. We will continue to expand. 
Currently, we are mostly in the North of India UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, and West Bengal. We 
are continuing to expand and open more states as well as expanding the number of products 
that we are offering in this space to grow so this is our dual, two-pronged strategy, 
geographical expansion as well as increasing the product portfolio to get growth in trade 
generics. We are also participating in some Jan Aushadhi and other tenders where the 
government buying and push has also increased and which is covered under the same 
vertical. The third is exports and in exports, we have already increased our registrations or 
the number of registrations that we are doing in ROW or the rest of the world market and 
you can see it in our increased R&D expenditure and registration costs also, but these are 
very good investments and we are tying up with more and more products and these 
registrations with distributing partners in these markets and the growth in this will be 
slightly more fag ended because it takes some time for registrations to come through as 
various authorities look at the dossiers and approve them, but we expect this to line up 
towards the end of this period that we are talking about the five year period so more 
products, more markets and choosing products carefully to bring value proposition to our 
clients and ourselves. That is the exports strategy. 
Sachin Shah: 
What kind of a gross and EBITDA margin can we expect or you are internally targeting to 
achieve in the next two years kind of thing? 
Komal Gupta: 
The gross margin and EBITDA margins that we expect actually are dependent on the kind 
of revenue that we are able to deliver. So our own capacity utilization and overall 
operational efficiencies grow. With the revenue growth, we expect the EBITDA margins to 
get better from the current level by 1% to 2% in the coming two to three years as the 
revenues grow. In terms of material margin as Hitesh was explaining we are not able to get 
the purchase efficiencies that we would like to get because of the concern in terms of 
material availability due to global supply chain issues and the API pricing so as things have 
already started to get better and have started to improve as this gets better that should also 
help us in maintaining the overall margin and to take care of any growth in the expenses. 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Sachin Shah: 
Just one last question, can you share the plant capacity utilization of Q3 and what would be 
the optimum you are targeting for the next two years that would be my last question? 
Komal Gupta: 
So our capacity utilization for the quarter have been broadly about 44% to 45% and the 
optimum capacity utilization that we can actually reach 60% to 65% max and we expect 
that we would reach this kind of a range in 2023 and we would start to put in place another 
facility for the kind of growth that we expect for FY2024. 
Sachin Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity and pardon my ignorance as I am new to the company. You 
mentioned to the earlier participant that your optimum utilization that you can achieve is 
only 60% to 65%? This is on the relatively low so what is the reason that the optimum 
utilization that can be achieved is only 60% to 65%? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
So Mr. Manan the way we report our utilization is on installed capacity and the global 
maximum for multiproduct oral solids facility is in this range. What happens is that due to 
unscheduled stoppages maybe let us say a material failing a quality check or various other 
change over times there is some dead time that cannot be eliminated from the machinery so 
for example in batch processing you always have to have cleaning between batches and this 
is a very stringent requirement for pharmaceuticals so I would say that the global maximum 
people have been able to achieve in the multiproduct oral solid facility is somewhere in the 
range of 68% to 70% so that is why we report that an optimum of 60% to 65% is what we 
would probably target and before that only we have to create additional capacities so that 
we are able to receive the growth. 
Manan Shah: 
Just a counter-question to a follow-up question on that? Do we have any products that are 
large enough where we can dedicate a particular line to a particular product and eliminate 
this cleaning process and thereby improve our utilizations or we are far away from reaching 
those kinds of levels in any of our products? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
No. We are quite far away from reaching those levels. We have some products like one 
product that we are doing for a multinational. It is one of the largest pain killer brands in 
India, but we are only doing a very small part of the volume. As a strategic thought, we 
have sort of stayed away from extremely large products because those are also the lowest 
margin products. Our sweet spot is in this middle space where we have the right mix. 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Manan Shah: 
Got it. My second question was on our injectables so what type of gross margins would we 
enjoy in the injectable division and what will be the revenue potential of Rs.50 Crores of 
capex? 
Komal Gupta: 
So our plan is to put Rs.50 Crores for putting in two line and then the third line would be 
put in somewhere in 2024–2025 and so basically the turnover that we can reach with this 
plant is somewhere around Rs.90 Crores in FY2026. 
Manan Shah: 
What sort of gross margins would we enjoy in injectables? Will it be similar to our current 
business or if you can just give some color on that? 
Komal Gupta: 
So the EBITDA margins for injectables are going to be much better than where we are right 
now so about 10% better than the current margin 10% to 15% and the gross margin would 
also be obviously then better by 15% to 20%. 
Hitesh Windlas: 
If you look at India injectable plus ROW market injectables, this is where we are focusing 
Mr. Manan. The EBITDA margin is expected are to be somewhere between 20% to 22% on 
injectable alone. 
Manan Shah: 
Got it and my last question was that we are sitting on a fair amount of cash now for almost 
Rs.200 odd Crores of cash if I include the investments also and additionally our business 
would be generating anywhere between Rs.30 Crores to Rs.40 Crores of additional cash 
every year and of this you only announced the capex for Rs.50 odd Crores so what is the 
plan with the surplus cash that we are sitting on, on the balance sheet and that we will be 
generating every year as well? Thank you. 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Mr. Manan we are definitely on the lookout for attractive businesses that we could acquire 
and we have evaluated also some and the process is ongoing. So far we have not found 
something that we are falling in love with but the process is ongoing and we are looking to 
grow inorganically as well so that we can bring in the growth and improvement in margins 
and size through inorganic ways. 
Manan Shah: 
Just one last question if I may squeeze in? In one of the slides, you mentioned that there is a 
fair amount of unorganized market in the CDMO segments? If you can quantify what that is 
and why aren’t we anticipating a higher growth over here since you are anticipating a 
consolidation over here? Should not our growth be higher in the Indian pharmaceutical 
market? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Sorry I am not sure if I understood your question. Could you please repeat that Mr. Manan. 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Manan Shah: 
I was referring to slide number 22 where you mentioned that there are 15000 plus 
unorganized players in this segment in the Inidan market for CDMO and we are also 
anticipate that there will be a consolidation that will happen over here so ideally  in that 
scenario we should be anticipating a growth higher than the India pharmaceutical market for 
us or for similar players? However, we are only anticipating to double our revenues over 
here in the next four to five years so should not the growth anticipation be much higher is 
what my question is? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Sure so if you look at the Indian pharma market the growth usually is by most agencies is 
divided into three segments. One is volume growth. The second is price growth and the 
third is new products. We are by virtue of how where in the value chain we are. We 
participate in the volume growth and the new product growth categories. The price growth 
is usually goes to the benefit of marketing companies who are buying from us because they 
are able to raise MRP and that does not automatically fall on to us. We work on a cost plus 
model and therefore our effort is always to pass on the increases in cost to our customers so 
the idea is that we do not fully completely participate in all segments of the growth coming 
in the IPM but still I take your point that there is a larger opportunity out there and how to 
best tap that opportunity is something that we are also evaluating. We believe that we need 
to broaden our dosage form profile so currently, we are mostly in oral solids of the general 
category. If you look at the largest player which is the private company in our segment they 
have a very broad offering in terms of the kind of dosage forms that they have and we want 
to also move towards that path and going into injectables is a first foray over there. With 
respect to your question around consolidation, this is something that we are beginning to 
see especially in the multinationals first where a lot of them have global mandates to 
concentrate with select suppliers and reduce the complexity in the supply chain and Windlas 
being one the top five company in India in our space we are getting preferences and we are 
getting picked up by our multinational customers for supply consolidation programs and I 
believe that this will follow through and over the next three to four years we are going to 
see more on this possibly. Also, our sense is that we need to broaden our dosage forms to be 
able to really receive the benefit of that consolidation that we expect. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin from Fractal Capital Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin: 
Now just looking at the numbers the mix is actually favourable on a year on year basis as in 
the generics and the export business have a higher share of revenues this year versus last 
year and yet margin movement is adverse so we are just trying to sort of figure how one 
should read that? 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Hitesh Windlas: 
The material availability challenges that we talked about in terms of API and API cost. In 
trade generics and exports those challenges are also there right same challenges are there 
and we expect that from a long term perspective, this does not change anything because 
these are all very old molecules and so prices should eventually normalize to somewhere in 
the range of earlier prices but from a quarter to quarter basis obviously the changes do show 
up and that is why you do not see them, Nitin. 
Nitin: 
Even if prices were to not normalize, the impact would go away because your subsequent 
contracts would take care of that right? 
Komal Gupta: 
In the long term that is correct. So what happens is there is some spill in between that we 
are able to get the price increases because of whatever price changes happen so there is 
some gap in between the time period that we are able to do this so in the long run what you 
are saying is absolutely correct and so even though prices normalize at a higher level for us, 
it would not have had an impact in terms of margin. 
Nitin: 
Is it a matter of a quarter at max or may be even longer than that before you are able to 
normalize this? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
So it is very difficult to comment. What we are doing right now is getting into some rate 
contracts wherever we have visibility and we are also reaching out to our customers to give 
us a longer visibility so as to provide more stability in sourcing and pricing. Last quarter 
was extreme where the API prices were almost changing on a daily basis and if you bring a 
book while you had the vendor on the call then the prices were changing again. Now it is 
already getting better, but it is hard to say with respect to, there are some elements of where 
a lot of the key starting materials for intermediates are coming from China. There are global 
issues with respect to power pricing in China and the cost of some of these KSMs are 
changing so API manufactures in India are also experiencing large changes in input prices 
and that gets eventually translated to us so it is very hard and I would not venture to say 
whether it will last for a quarter or longer but my sense is that we are already beginning to 
see signs of stabilization. My sense is that hopefully it should be sooner rather than later. 
Nitin: 
Should we say that overall impact on the nine month numbers is still there and hence a 
normalization would lead to a higher level of gross margin and hence EBITDA margin? Is 
that a fair way to look at it or on a nine month basis we are still closer to normal levels 
given where the mix is today of course? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Sorry I did not understand the question fully. Can you please explain? 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Nitin: 
So Q3 as you said was impacted by material availability and prices of some APIs being 
very high, but when we look at nine-month gross margins and nine-month EBITDA 
margins and given the mix at 83% CDMO business, are we looking at more normal levels 
for nine months or nine months also you think is not normal? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
First let me just clarify what I wanted to say is that we are seeing less of changes so the 
volatility seems to be reducing today and hopefully it will continue to stabilize but the 
prices have not gone back to their previous levels for sure. Now what happens as a result of 
this volatility is that customs want to be cautious how much inventory they carry because 
they do not want to miss out on the opportunity of a lower price later so that changes and  
has a sort of a bullwhip effect downstream. I would not be able to give you a guidance on 
whether this is the bottom or not in terms of the volatility. 
Nitin: 
Understood. Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Dalia from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Parth Dalia: 
Thanks for taking my question. You previously mentioned that your capacity utilization on 
your plants was 45% would it be possible for you to quantify the losses that you incurring 
currently on the plants owing underutilization? 
Komal Gupta: 
I did not understand your question. You are saying losses on. 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Due to underutilization what is the delta? What is the amount of extra expenses incurred 
due to lower utilization? 
Komal Gupta: 
If I talk about plant three and plant four where our utilization has not been really to where it 
should be. Actually, if I kind of venture into the breakup that we have in terms of capacity 
utilization for me the plant three is utilized about 14% and plant four is at 38% so these are 
the plants were I am not utilizing the capacities at high levels so from plant three we can say 
that around on annual basis an expenditure of Rs.1 Crores to Rs.1.5 Crores is what we are 
incurring there which is kind of fixed and as we increase the overall revenue which will also 
result in better utilization of plant three we would be able to get the operational efficiency. 
Parth Dalia: 
Thanks. Secondly in your initial comments, you mentioned that you receive DCGI approval 
for a few products where you will be the sole supplier? You will get a first mover advantage 
so any color on these new products that you have got a tool for and the potential of a 
business that you can generate from these products? 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Hitesh Windlas: 
So most of these products are fixed dose combinations used for treatments in chronic 
diseases like cardiovascular and urology and diabetes. We have not sort of due to 
comparative reasons publish the product, but we believe these are all chronic products and 
this is where are R&D focus is so whatever revenue we get should be long term. We are 
also tying up with the most notable or marketing partners who are having the strength in 
these therapeutic areas so that with their strength our sales and the number of units that they 
are able to sell would also be stronger. It is not something that I can quantify for you as of 
now. 
Parth Dalia: 
Fair enough. That is very helpful and lastly, on the genetic business, you mentioned that 
you will follow the two-prong strategy of portfolio expansion and geographical expansion? 
Could you elaborate a little more as to how you will achieve the growth that you have 
mentioned in that business going forward? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
The five year goal in this business is to triple the size and in this case currently we are 
mostly focused on Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand and a little bit of West Bengal. These 
are the highest population densities states and so while we are increasing the number of 
stockiest and sales people to cater to a higher penetration into deeper rural and outstation 
markets, we are also adding states in South and Central India which is where the stockiest 
expansion is taking place and we expect that as these geographies also pick up momentum 
with our broad product portfolio we will be able to grow this. The idea is to cater to this 
almost 60% of the Indian population which is living in villages Kasbah and where a 
branded generic module cannot even reach and so this is an area where we are seeing good 
momentum and we will continue to chase this. 
Parth Dalia: 
That is very helpful. These are the questions from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Shah: 
Thanks for the followup. My question was on the R&D expense based on this slide, it 
seems that our R&D expense has been on a downward trend so if you can just help us 
understand how should we think this going ahead? Do we budget it based on the percentage 
of our turnover or it is an absolute amount and if you can just share our R&D budget for 
next year? 
Komal Gupta: 
Our R&D has been actually growing if I look at in comparison to last year in absolute terms 
so it was Rs.2.5 Crores last year for nine months. We are now around Rs.4.7 Crores in R&D 
expenses. We do not really plan them as percentage of revenue but we actually plan it in 

 
 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
February 03, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 13 
such a way we are able to generate sufficient new products to generate the kind of growth 
that we are expecting in the coming period. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Komal Gupta: 
Sir does that answer your question. 
Manan Shah: 
I am done with my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference back to the management for their closing comments. 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on this call. Please reach out to our IR consultants, 
strategic growth advisors or us directly should you have any further queries. Stay safe and 
we can now close the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, we conclude today’s conference. 
Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
