 
 
 
 
28th January, 2022 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
 
NSE Symbol : HAVELLS 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Scrip Code : 517354 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Financial Results for the third quarter 
and nine months ended 31st December, 2021 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated 18th January, 2022 filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the conference call to discuss the financial results for 
the third quarter and nine months ended on 31st December, 2021 scheduled for Friday, 21st 
January, 2022. 
 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges already, we are enclosing the 
Transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company under Financials in the Investor 
Relations section. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Havells India Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanjay Kumar Gupta) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
Sanjay Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Sanjay Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2022.01.28 
10:52:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Havells India Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR - DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL RAI GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – HAVELLS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH GUPTA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
(FINANCE) AND GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HAVELLS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV GOEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - HAVELLS 
INDIA LIMITED  
MR. AMEET KUMAR GUPTA - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
- HAVELLS INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
of Havells hosted by DAM Capital Advisors. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from 
DAM Capital Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, Madam! 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Thanks Steven. Good morning everyone and welcome to the 3Q FY2022 earnings call of 
Havells India. We have the management today being represented by Mr. Anil Rai Gupta, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Rajesh Gupta, Whole-Time Director (Finance) and 
Group CFO; Mr. Ameet Kumar Gupta, Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Rajiv Goel, 
Executive Director. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anil Rai Gupta for his initial 
remarks, post which we will open up the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Sir! 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Thank you Bhoomika. Good morning, everyone. We hope everyone is staying safe. You 
would have reviewed the results by now. Revenue for the quarter grew in mid teens while 
volumes were flat owing to a strong base and moderation in demand in later part of the 
quarter. Festive demand was encouraging, ceasing the opportunity we increase the spend on 
brand promotions which we expect to continue. 
Overall, contribution margins were sequentially maintained, high commodity cost 
continued to impact the margin in consumer durables. Last few weeks have seen the return 
of COVID-led anxiety in the demand markets but it seems that unlike last year the recovery 
could be swift. We remain positive on demand resilience. We may now proceed to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you and good morning. My first question was essentially because this COVID wave 
3 mid December and early January the price hikes we have take that in third quarter again 
would have been difficult. Could you explain what are your thoughts, has the price hikes 
actually already happened in January or we are still lined up for February and what could be 
the range to cover the margins up here? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
The price hikes generally were not timed along with the December, January, our expected 
season was anyway February, March, April so there are price hikes which are already 
announced in the market and hopefully that should start taking effect from February and 
March when the season starts kicking in and this will be gradual increase because of the fact 
that ultimately it has to be absorbed not only by the trade but also by the consumers so it 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
will be gradual increase over the next two or three months; however, I must say here that 
the raw materials are continuing to show some volatility even in this quarter starting from 
the second half of December so it is difficult to exactly say how much will be the 
requirement for the price increases but there will be a gradual price increase in the coming 
months. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
My last question was on Lloyds, so congratulations for the washing machine unit you have 
start commissioning in third quarter, how is that ramping up. Commentary in the press 
release mentioned that there is very high competition in the large appliances could you help 
with some colour in terms of demand supply and how that is leading? Thank you so much. 
All the best. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Thank you. Well, I think one quarter it is difficult to say but if you see Lloyd’s performance 
in the last couple of years, CAGR has been impressive, last year there was a high base in 
the third quarter because of the import ban on air conditioners from China and so the trade 
had picked up extra stocks during the third quarter. We do believe that this year the demand 
scenario should remain strong because the season should start coming in now. Last couple 
of years have been very tough for summer products like air conditioners, fans and all. So 
last two or three quarters are not seasons for us, so the real demand scenario would be 
known in the coming months and we do believe that not only COVID scare not being there 
as well as the pent up demand over the last couple of years there should be strong demand 
in the coming season. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect Sir. Thank you so much and all the best for the rest of the year. Stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies India. 
Please go ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is regarding the price hikes again. Sir you 
mentioned that there will be gradual price hikes over the next two to three months, any 
quantification on an average how much of that has been announced so far and what is the 
sustainable margin profile for the business that you foresee post the current fiscal year? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
The extent of price increase is between 5% to 10% in consumer durables both fans and air 
conditioners and it could be possible that there could be further price hikes when the season 
starts kicking in but post this fiscal year, we do believe it all depends lot on how the raw 
material pan out in the coming quarter; in fact in the third quarter we did see some cooling 
off in the raw material prices but the fourth quarter has started off again with some volatility 
so it is difficult to say what kind of contribution margins would be there in these product 
categories but we do believe that it will be now moving north from here so it should be 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
coming back to normalized levels if not in the one or two quarters but definitely it should be 
coming back to normalized levels in the next fiscal. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Right. Sir and by normalized levels you mean 14% to 15% for the overall business, is that 
correct? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I was specifically talking about consumer durables and air conditioners so I am not talking 
about company as a whole. As you have seen that we have been able to come up to the 
contribution levels in switchgears, cables and wires, lighting and fixtures, some of the past 
cost increases have been passed on and some of them even have been taking care by the 
increased production and efficiencies. So in these three businesses we have taken care of the 
margins, so where the margins were weaker that is where I am saying that things will come 
back to normalized levels in the next two to three quarters. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
My second question is any update on the PLI scheme and also lastly what is the current 
inventory position in the channels right now especially for our summer products? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
As far as PLI is concerned we are participating in the air conditioners, PLI for certain 
component and as far as the inventory is concerned till about end of December I would say 
these were normalized inventories both for summer products because people were a bit 
skeptical because of the third wave kicking in. I would say inventories are at a lower level 
in the trade in January but I think that should start coming back to normal levels from the 
month of February. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir any indication of the possible upside from the PLI that is my last question? Thank you. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
As the PLI has come for certain components and not for the finished products so it is a very 
small component and it is not I would say extremely meaningful. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir coming back to the Lloyd business we have done a lot of 
automation and backward integration in our plants and from here how do you expect 
margins to be on a sustainable basis can we look for at least mid to high single digit margins 
we have talked about in the past at the EBIT level or how to think abouton sustainable 
basis? 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
As I have already mentioned the raw material prices is the main issue here and it is not just 
the cost of production here because cost of production was achieved with the plant coming 
in so I would say a lot depends upon the demand cycle, demand scenario from here and we 
believe that the demand should remain strong in the coming summer season and hence the 
cost increases we should be in a position to a pass on so we should be coming back to 
double digit contribution margins in air conditioners hopefully in the coming season. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
From the washing machine plant which we have just inaugurated can you broadly indicate 
what share of revenue to look at, the quantum of revenues we are targeting for the washing 
machine segment for the next couple of years? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
The whole idea of washing machines and entry into refrigerators is to make Lloyd a 
complete brand for consumer durables so its still I would say it is a two to four year journey 
and it will take its own time. Air conditioners continue to remain the mainstay and the only 
reason for getting into manufacturing for washing machines is also to again just like air 
conditioners have a complete control on innovation as well as in cost. So I think the whole 
idea would be to get a meaningful market share in the next two to three years and hence 
become a complete portfolio of products in the consumer durable category. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir lastly on the financals, if I look at the other expenses it is down on a Y-O-Y basis about 
7% so it seems that a large part of it has been offset by a higher ad spend so current levels 
of expenditure is sort of sustainable or how to understand this part of the cost, will this 
normalize also from this level? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
So you are saying that the other expenses are lower than the last year? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I think these are normalized levels I would say going on from here and advertising spends 
are also coming back to normalized levels as the percentage of sales  
Siddhartha Bera: 
Because other expenses if you look at percentage it was about 14% to 15% two to three 
years back, it came down to 13% last year and now it is at 10% of sales so with this 
wondering, we should take this as a sustainable number of 10% or it can revert back to 
normal level? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I think we will have to look at the sequential other expenses and they are same as last 
quarter. You were talking about two or three years ago expenses there is benefit of volumes 
also going up so 14% to 15% is a high level of number I think we should be looking at 
normalized levels from here. 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Siddhartha Bera: 
I got it. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my first question is if you look at Q3, Q4 
last year and you are talking about 10% to 15% price hike across product categories, right 
now when we are looking at the topline growth across categories be it switchgear, lightning 
and fixtures, ECD, to the tune of 13% to 15% So if you can touch upon the volume growth 
because I think volume growth has not been there in this quarter. How the volume growth 
can pan out going forward across these different categories and my second question is on 
the room AC side. Now room AC we have seen already two seasons getting impacted and 
Q4 now we will see in January, February restocking happening so how is the channel 
looking forward to restocking and any major impact you are seeing because of the Omicron 
on the room ac business? These are the two questions. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I think your first question yes in the third quarter if you see the volume growth is flat but we 
have to see it over two years CAGR and if you were to ask me what is going to be the 
volume growth from here it is very difficult to say right so we have to see how the demand 
we are expecting the demand to continue to remain strong and hopefully we should be 
looking at volume growth and value growth from here so putting down a number to a 
volume growth is very difficult to give those kind of numbers and as far as room air 
conditioners are concerned as I have already mentioned last two years have been bad 
summers for the air conditioner business so the trade as well as the companies are looking 
at a strong summer going forward hopefully the third wave scare should also be gone by 
then. So we are looking forward to a strong summer in the coming months.  
Charanjit Singh: 
That is all from my side. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Good morning Sir. Sir my first question is if you can give some more insight on the demand 
pattern you did mention that there was softness and moderation in demand during the 
second half of last quarter so more insights in terms of where did this pocket of weakness 
and moderation come through largely, was it rural urban centric or more concentrated in 
certain pockets of the market? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
No. I think the weakness was overall and I would say it was mainly related to the fact that 
there was uncertainties in the demand in the coming months because of the third wave 
coming in so the trade suddenly started slowing down the purchases, treasuries and the 
movements of the customers in the marketplace was also going down a bit so there was 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
uncertainty overall which continued even in the first half of January. I think now the trade is 
also realizing hopefully this third wave is not going to be a long-term thing and hence 
things should come back. This is what we are expecting should come back in the end of 
January or early February. 
Renu Baid: 
Alright Sir. At least there is no concern of slowing demand especially from the smaller 
towns and the so-called semi-urban or rural kind of markets so we do not have a large direct 
rural exposure but from those segments of the market. No structural demand concerns are 
hitless? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I would say structurally I do not see any major difference in fact I would argue that the 
project segments continue to remain strong. There was no stoppage of construction so we 
are actually seeing that there is no slowdown in the project demand and as far as semi-urban 
or rural areas are concerned that is also going through the trade and hence there was 
uncertainty in the overall pickup for stocking for these product categories so hopefully that 
should again as I said should come back to normal levels in February or March. 
Renu Baid: 
Secondly, can you help us understand what is the quantum of costs underrecoveries or the 
gaps that we are seeing on the ECD and the Lloyd portfolio especially the RAC portfolio 
and you have indicated some likely price increases in February and March so what are the 
quantum of pricing actions we are expecting in the fourth quarter second half if you can 
give some insights here? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I think we may have to at least increase 5% to 10% depending upon each product SKU but I 
would estimate 5% to 10% increase from here. 
Renu Baid: 
Lastly, on the Lloyd portfolio, there have been significant competitive pressures as in the 
market leaders and newer MNC entrants. Some of the Korean brands have been back with 
lot more price aggression so how do we see pricing power or our ability to take on the price 
increase and pass it on in the market as the summer kicks in and especially in the backdrop 
that AC spends which were relatively weak in the last or soft in the last two years are now 
coming back to normalized levels. So especially on the Lloyd portfolio how do you look at 
the EBIT margins panning out in the next 6 to 12 months while contribution you have said 
positive but then there are lot of other expenses in the company will incur so where are we 
looking in terms of operating profitability overall to normalize for Lloyd? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
You mentioned about competitive industry I think the industry overall was going through a 
hyper competitive scenario mainly because of last two seasons not going well for the 
industry so there are manufacturing pressures for every company and hence the cost 
increases or the price increases which should have happened in this industry was not 
happening and hence there was a feeling of hypercompetitiveness. I believe in the coming 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
times because the investments into brands, channels will continue to happen from the 
overall industry there should be an expectation of price increases and whether it is any other 
brands. So people the fact is that it is brand and distribution oriented industry. It is not 
really if I reduce my product price by say 2% I start gaining huge market share, not really 
like a commoditized product so there is a long-term play in pricing. Unfortunately because 
of the lower demand in the last couple of years the cost increases were not passed on, which 
we are expecting should get passed on and Lloyd because of the low base we are definitely 
expecting good growth so there we do not see a major impact of high expenditure eating out 
the complete profits from contribution so I think we should be in a comfortable position as 
price increase start happening and volume growth kicks in. 
Renu Baid: 
Thanks Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir three questions; one we have seen in case of consumer 
companies, Lever, Colgate, etc., that there is difference in trade margin offered to, let us say 
general trade versus modern trade versus e-commerce and there is now after a lot of years 
we have seen a lot of agitation from the trade also so how do we see that happening 
possibility in consumer durable industry also and Havell’s being the major player how are 
we prepared to tackle this issue that is question number one. Question number two is 
obviously Havells is large brand and Lloyd you call out the number separately but what is 
the revenue contribution of Crabtree and standard brands at this stage and how it has moved 
over the past two to three years because I guess probably in Lloyd discussion somehow 
these two brands have taken relatively back seat and it might be just my wrong observation 
that is second question and third in case of Lloyd what will be our share of voice versus the 
share of market and how it has helped over the past two years, three years, to gain the 
market share? That is it from my side. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Thank you. As far as the first question goes, Havells traditionally has been a strong player 
in the traditional general trade and our relationships being extremely strong. We continue to 
deepen not only the relationships but our penetration into the general trade because we 
believe that this will continue to remain a very large part of Havells sale, but in the last four 
or five years there has been a renewed focus by the company on newer channels or 
alternative channels which are coming up whether it is modern trade, e-commerce and our 
belief is that we need to go where the customer is going so some of the customer is moving 
towards modern trade and e-commerce as well so we should be present there. As we have 
maintained our policies or our relationships with the trade have been extremely strong so 
we believe in a scenario where we do not let any channel take advantage of the other 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
channel or over power the other channel, there have to be a completely, I would say great 
relationship amongst each channel so the consumer is not short changed by going to one 
particular channel as going to other so we have been maintaining that and hence we do not 
believe in passing on higher margins to certain kinds of channels only because of the fact 
that they can probably give  bigger volumes in one go. So our belief is that we want 
distributed sales but also we want to be present wherever the channel is so we do not 
believe in price competitiveness amongst the channel. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Our trade margins are more or less same across all three channels is that understanding 
correct? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
That is true. Certain channels have higher costs of operations that the company takes care of 
but for the company it may not necessarily mean lower margins because there is a 
distribution cost also to channels there is distributor sales so for the company it is not really 
a higher or lower margin business so we are quite comfortable in selling to alternate channel 
as well. Crabtree and Standard cater to certain kinds of customers as we have always 
maintained Crabtree take care of the architectural segment as well as Standard is very 
focused on certain parts of India as well as contracting segment. So these are sizeable 
brands and have good growth trajectory over the past few years. Standard in fact is now 
becoming almost like multiproduct brand within the portfolio and we are looking at a 1000 
Crores number in the next one or two years in Standard. We are already doing close to 
about 600 Crores or 700 Crores business in Standard as well as Crabtree in the architectural 
segment continues to remain very strong contributing almost 250 Crores to 300 Crores 
sales. As far as share of voice is concerned we maintained that Lloyd will continue to invest 
in brand building over the next two or three years and it has helped us in the past as we 
moved from a certain category of brand to a different category of brand and this expense 
will continue in the future as well. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir how much is the SOV Vs SOM, any percentage or any number that you can share in 
case of Lloyds? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Not on this call. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is with respect to the lighting business we 
have seen last couple of quarters have been extremely good in terms of the momentum what 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
I wanted to understand is in terms of the growth is it driven by the price action and also in 
terms of the professional or industrial luminaires. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
So lighting has actually seen less price action as compared to the others because the 
components going into lighting is not necessarily witnessing a high level of inflation in fact 
what we have seen is the deflation which is coming in the LED chips that has actually 
slowed down so no major inflation in lighting business and whatever growth that we have 
seen is structural growth which is coming through distribution reach enhancement and 
product additions and also I mentioned earlier that industrial and infrastructure segment has 
also started kicking in better volumes so the professional lighting business has also seen 
reach and growth in the last one year so all these contributed towards decent growth in 
lighting business. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Any update on the PLI for lighting and whenever it comes do you see a 
substantial revenue contribution from export? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
No. Again both for air conditioners and lighting PLI is going into components rather than 
finished products so we are not applying for lighting PLI. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Just one more question Sir. In terms of the product categories or within product 
categories subsegment is anything missing given the diverse portfolio we already have so 
any thoughts on the same Sir? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Well there are growth opportunities in each product category of Havells, I can give you 
many examples maybe that is a different discussion let us even taken a business of lightings 
there is so much of scope to get into hazard lighting, medium lighting, stadium lighting so 
there is scope of growth opportunities in every business that we are in so I would never be 
able to say that we are a complete product portfolio company. We have comprehensive 
product range as against many other brands and our focus has always been to focus on 
every business rather than just treating it as a brand addition or product addiction but within 
each product category there are extremely good organic growth opportunities 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it and just last question if may with respect to capex if you can talk about FY2022 and 
FY2023 what is the capex number one could work with and in which area will it go? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
We are looking at about Rs.250 Crores to Rs.275 Crores capex in FY2022 and capex plans 
for FY2023 are still under development. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it and wish you all the best Sir. 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naval from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Naval: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have question on Lloyds what we can understand from the 
channel basically Lloyds has seen market share gains on YTD basis this year so can you 
please highlight on the touch points what was that number when you ended FY2021 and 
what we are right now and any plans for the future in terms of number if you can give that 
as well? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Actually one of the things, I think the key feature of air condition market in general and 
then I will come to Lloyds is the last two years we would appreciate has been fairly tough 
on this industry because for some reason the COVID has decided to strike at the sort of heat 
of moment or the peak of the season for the air conditioning so I think lot of things have 
gone slightly haywire and we are hoping that even this wave 3.0 sorts of peak out in 
January itself so that at least in three years now we have a proper season, summer season 
for air conditioning and I think the real sort of the metal of every brand would really come 
out in this season. Having said that there have been certain fluctuations on the Lloyds side, 
but if you recall we were around 8-9% when we acquired the brand  has been sort of going 
around that for the last few years, but as we speak during this year and starting from early 
this year we are now around 10% in terms of the market share. The market share I think we 
are holding also started marginally improving and the reason for that is that our distribution 
reach has significantly improved. If you recall when we acquired this was purely 
distribution oriented business, we had limited distributor in every state but now we have not 
only deepened in every state we have also engaged whether it is ecommerce, whether it is 
modern format retail or whether it is regional retail so I think the entire infrastructure has 
been put in place so there have been sort of early signs of success there but as I said I think 
there should be something which should really prove how the things are going goes and 
hopefully we will not have further disruption in the AC industry. 
Naval: 
Can you state any number in terms of such points on the offline space? 
Rajiv Goel: 
That is not important and that we will not talk on the call. 
Naval: 
Lastly what is the current contribution from ecom for Lloyds? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Lloyd’s ecommerce we started with this journey actually very recently. I think one of the 
analysts before you also asked about the challenges between the online and offline and 
when we realized that we are still needs to be settled, we decided that Lloyds should only be 
launched when we are also be able to bring the parity as with the other Havells’ product and 
we are very encouraged about the reception we have got on both the E Com platforms  of 
air conditioners so currently again I would say wait for the season but this has been around 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
6% to 7% in our online as of now, but again I would claim that this year should give you 
the right number but otherwise the numbers have been very sort of up and down because of 
how the seasons are playing out. 
Naval: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital Single 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Good morning to the management. My question pertains to advertising expenses versus last 
quarter, I think there is a significant bump up on advertising expenses from Rs.51 Crores to 
Rs.100 Crores? Now is this because of the four new launches, which was slated for this 
quarter that is one and the second part to this question is what is the share of advertising 
expenses which goes to the Lloyds consumer business? Thank you. 
Rajiv Goel: 
This has nothing to do with the launches. As we have also mentioned in our commentary 
this was planned advertisement and we have to come back to the normalized levels. 
Because of the COVID the advertising expenses also had to be evaluated in terms of the 
efficacy and because of the holidays the festive season I think there has been general 
increase and if you go two years back that was the numbers used to do so this is pretty 
much normalized way. It is nothing which shows the one off or any launches for that and 
the Lloyd whatever we spend on the Lloyd is duly allocated, so Lloyds will be around 
almost 5% to 6% of the sales will go into advertisement. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir just one question from my end again on pricing. Sir it 
appears like the company is quite cautious in taking price increases in the consumer facing 
businesses? I just want to know Sir is it the strategic choice that  the company is opting in 
this high commodity inflation period or is it also a reflection that the competitive intensity 
in the category that company operates has significantly increased in recent times? 
Rajiv Goel: 
I think it has got to do with remaining competitive so it is neither this nor that. It is the 
businesses synergy is an art. It is not a science. So as we remain completely sort of on the 
ground we assess the situation on the ground and sometime when the unprecedented cost 
increases happen, there could be a lag affect so don’t I think that should be attributed to the 
change in the overall strategy of the management or how the company value system has 
changed. I think one has to be sensitive to what is going on. I think it is a culmination of 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
multiple factors. I will not just reduce it to one factor if the competition increases. I have 
never seen in my life that competition has been there less in this country. You are fully 
aware of the same. The competition will always be there. I think the philosophy of the 
management has not changed but in unprecedented times you have to take decisions which 
could be gradual. I do not think it should be limited from the TBDT on the management and 
the management has become very defensive. We do not think like that and at the right time 
and at the appropriate juncture whatever appropriate action needs to be taken will be taken. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
That is really helpful Sir and second related like we have seen the prices of product goes up 
like 20% to 25% so I am just wondering going into next couple of years would your margin 
that you strive at the contribution level would remain what it was before this inflationary 
period or there could be understanding that because the product prices have gone up maybe 
we should have some bit of a lower contribution margin so just wondering pricing 
decisions, it is fair to say that you will continue to strive the same contribution margin that 
you used to strive before this inflationary period? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Yes I think that will not change and that is what I was trying to explain. Sometimes the 
quarterly outlook could blur the long-term outlook of the business so let me just confirm the 
long term outlook of the business has not changed  at all. That will remain the same. 
Limited play out in few quarters that could be the only difference and sometimes because of 
seasonality in products. When you look at Dec quarter, when you look at fans, when you 
look at air conditioner and you look at others sort of products the demand picks up may be 
that the appropriate time we believe there will be better receptivity in the environment, 
whether it trade or consumer so one has to integrate these data points these sort of wisdom 
gained over the years and then one has to take a decision. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Fair enough Sir. Thank you for answering my questions and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Most of the questions are answered but two things 
that I wanted to check with you.Firstly again picking up on Lloyd a little bit more? Clearly 
you know the industry landscape has been fairly dynamic, probably more aggressive from 
lot of players and you did overhaul  your strategy here a few years ago which kind of 
benefitted you and now of course pandemic is clouding the overall performance for you, but 
do you think that there are more structural interventions from your side which are needed 
whether it is from product perspective or whether it is from consumer engagement 
perceptive, a faster distribution scale up, would you want the salience of tier three and tier 
four cities where the penetration opportunities will be significantly higher? How are you 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
thinking about that and also versus two to three years ago when you were overhauling this 
whole strategy for Lloyd do you think that the sustainable margins trajectory or the medium 
term for this business is relatively lower or probably more volatile? 
Rajiv Goel: 
Starting with the structural interventions as you rightly mentioned Latika that starting the 
day we acquired Lloyd and I think we have been largely successful in achieving. Actually 
that process is over, certainly not. I think that definitely will continue whether in 
distribution I just talked about it before you asked this question. How we have become an 
omnichannel. How we have sort of built the distribution system into not only tier one and 
tier two town, and now it is getting into tier three so that will be ongoing. That work will 
continue and as I said we be started our own factory. We have the largest factory now at a 
single place in India, but unfortunately this pandemic you mentioned has stopped 
everything. Sometime it also questions the effort one has done but I think those efforts are 
persistent. The efforts will continue. This process will only accelerate. I think we remain 
very confidant what Lloyd can achieve and yes I think the industry is competitive. Their 
intentisty is higher than other products categories Havells is operating. I think that doesn’t  
take away the long term sort of attractiveness of this segment and how the homegrown 
Indian players can play out fully in that so I think that story remains pretty much intact and 
these kind of competition will continue to sort of grow and go down, but overall we believe 
the sanity is prevailing and as I think Anil also mentioned in the beginning. I think the 
competitive scenario which is also changing and I think once we are also getting more and 
more stronger I think it is something we can play out and use it to our advantage going 
forward. In term of margin profile yes there could be certain variations. I think one product 
cannot be compared to the others. Between Havells also there are different products 
categories with different margin profiles but I think it is a fairly attractive proposition in 
terms of what overall size this business can achieve and I think some players in the industry 
have shown there is an opportunity to make the double digit margins and we believe that 
that is something we should also target and they are pretty much in the realm of 
achievement. So structurally otherwise we see good growth as well as the margin 
opportunities in this industry and from Lloyd as well. 
Latika Chopra: 
But you know you said double digit margins are possible but considering you are getting 
into new categories as well so are we looking at a 7% to 8% kind of band and may be even 
four to five years down the line or this double digit is a serious long term kind of a thing 
that you are very okay with that and it is okay if you know your focus is on topline and it is 
diversifying your portfolio, but just wanted to hear from you what is more prioritized? How 
does it fit in your scheme of things? 
Rajiv Goel: 
The growth will be definitely the priority and while we talk about the other product 
categories which we could, somebody does spoil sport. Now that could happen because 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
sometimes the investments get expensed and that is it, but I was talking if you look at the 
big bulk, which is the air conditioner there is opportunity to be double digit there may be 
with other category the branding margin could be in the range of 7% and 8%. I think that is 
something we should be fine with, but yes the large opportunity is I think growing larger 
and larger in this sort of ecosystem. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you and my second question was on the ECD business? If you could give some color 
in the business mix for ECD segment in terms of key product salience and also is there a 
way to read how share of the premium versus the mid and mass products is changing in this 
mix and how do you anticipate this trend to behave considering you are expending this 
portfolio more in smaller towns and rural and is it correct to assume that the margins profile 
might not get affected that much compared to where it was at pre-COVID levels despite the 
company expanding into newer geographies? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I would say that as far as the ECD is concerned, the whole idea is to have a good mix. 
Havells is known for premium products and I would say the right way to look at it is that 
we are even taking our premium products into the semi-urban and the rural areas as well so 
whether it is water heaters or fans so I do not see that the margin profile would change a 
whole lot with our strategy expansion into deeper penetration. What I would say that the 
major attribute towards reduction in the margins has been the raw material inflation and as 
and when things come back to normalized levels either on the raw material side or in the 
pricing side things should come back to better levels from here and hopefully coming back 
to the pre-COVID levels also so neither there is an expectation that going deeper into rural 
areas would reduce our contribution levels or the fact that because of this past couple of 
years the premium percentage is actually going down. I would say that it is stable or going 
up only. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you so much Mr Gupta. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sir most of my questions have been answered but since I have got the opportunity let me 
just ask one? If we look at say the slightly medium term outlook say two to three years and 
if you were split our business into one which is related to say new home build and capex 
like cables, wires and switchgears vs the other which is related to more discretionary spend 
would you have a rough sense of which of two business in your internal estimates would 
grow faster? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I would say that in the last one year what we have seen that the construction industry has 
started doing well and this is after a very long period of slow growth in real estate. The 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
other thing is that even the capex cycle or the infrastructure demand has started picking up 
extremely well so going forward in the next two or three years at least what we felt that the 
discretionary spend products could outgrow the growth as compared to the more structural 
products. I would say we might be witnessing similar growth. Now it could be possible that 
we have different base in different product categories. For example, our fans category might 
be at a smaller base or small penetration as compared to our matured products like 
switchgears and cables and wires so that  could affect the growth profile, but not necessarily 
because the demand scenario. I think demand should remain strong in the infrastructure side 
as well as the real estate side. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sure thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Jain: 
Good morning. Sir my question again pertains to Lloyds and you spoke a lot about what the 
target could be in the next 12 to 24 months but I just wanted to touch upon two things. One 
is from distribution spread point of view where are we currently versus what our end game 
is in terms of the distribution penetration and similarly on the product launches and all 
especially on the AC side what do we see in terms of the product pipeline and all that we 
could launch? Are there like any obvious gaps, which we think is kind of impacting our 
market share gains outlook and all? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I think as far as Lloyd is concerned the distribution is very different from what it was a few 
years ago. We are far more deeply penetrated. We are present in the A category chain, A 
category outlets which are the modern format chain and last one year or so we are 
aggressive in the online space as well. So I think from a distribution point of view Lloyd is 
a far more available brand as compared to what it was two or three years ago; however, just 
like in any mature product category of Havells this is an ongoing journey whether it is in 
the FMCG or FMEG this is an ongoing journey and distribution will continue to be 
enhanced over the next few years. As far as product portfolio is concerned in air 
conditioners Lloyd is a complete portfolio of product categories. There will be innovations 
which will continue to happen but I do not see that Lloyd is in a position where we cannot 
compare ourselves to any other major brand in terms of product offering. Yes the new 
product category in washing machines and refrigerators will continue to enhance our 
product range. To be a complete play in those categories so that will happen over the next 
one or two years but in air conditioners Lloyds is a complete play. 
Ashish Jain: 
Just one followup on that when do you think Lloyds can do a double digit contribution 
margin on overall portfolio basis. I am not looking for exact timeframe and all but given the 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
scale we are seeing in washing machine, the cost that we have currently based on that if you 
want to give a sense when Lloyds can see more sustainable number? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
I think Rajiv has already mentioned that for us the major focus will be market share 
expansion, product deepening and we will continue to invest towards brand building and 
distribution penetration in Lloyd, so whether it is a double digit margin there or a high 
single digit margin I think that is not something our focus is where we believe that Lloyd is 
a part of a very large industry. In fact I would argue that it is larger than the electrical 
industry and hence there is a huge opportunity for a brand like Lloyd to grow there, to grow 
market shares in this category so I think for the next two or three years our focus will be on 
market share expansion and we are decently profitable business and I am not committing 
myself to a double digit or a higher single digit margin here. We will continue to invest as 
Rajiv has mentioned in brand building, in product offering. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
I have two questions. Could you highlight the volume growth in the cables business, in 
cables and wires that is first question and the second question is on the switchgear segment. 
Historically this segment used to have about 35% plus margins with housing demand now 
picking up do you see the company reaching the earlier levels or is that the margin that you 
will apply? These are the two questions. 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
As far as cables and wires are concerned the volume growth is flattish as compared to last 
year and in switchgears we definitely see growth coming in. Now I cannot say whether it is 
35% or 38% but we have been achieving very high margins in this business. As 
construction industry and real estate demand continues to go up there will be project 
demand which will come in which will may be put some pressure on the margin front, but 
then overall I do not see that making a meaningful difference because we are participating 
well in the real estate segment as well, so the margin is a bit different than the complete 
retail side but overall I do not think that will make a meaningful difference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Sheth from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Sheth: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is pertaining to Lloyds. As far as our 
washing machines are concerned which were recently launched? What is the market 
position that we are targeting there. Are we targeting it at par with the market leaders in 
terms of pricing or we will be at a discount? 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
It is always a journey in every product category and brand and Lloyd I would say is in the 
journey of becoming a complete portfolio and rather than discussing too much about the 
pricing a lot depends upon the complete portfolio and how strong are you in distribution. 
How strong are you as a complete I would say as the range of the product category. Finally, 
the trade as to accept your products and the consumer has to accept your products so it is 
journey and it will take two or three years for us to get established in washing machine and 
refrigerator. 
Kunal Sheth: 
My second question is pertaining to pricing, so while currently we are in an inflationary 
environment, I just wanted to get you view historically once the raw materials start to cool 
off do we get to retain some of the benefits or most of the benefits has to be passed on to the 
market? What is your experience? 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
First of all we have to see whether we are able to pass on the entire costs also or not. Again 
depends upon product category to category. In products like cables and wires or in customer 
segments like projects a lot of times mostly you have to pass on, both on the increased side 
as well on the decreased side but yes possibly there could be sometime of some retention of 
the margins when things cool off but over a long period of time these things even out. So I 
would say if there was meaningful reduction when you say cooling off yes that will also 
have to be passed on to the consumer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Hello Anil Ji and hope everybody at Havells is safe and healthy first of all. Sir I just have 
one quick question. Last maybe around two years if you see broadly in the COVID phase, it 
seems our electrical business has significantly ramped up and we have become far more 
stronger on categories like switches, branded wires. Roughly can you indicate what kind of 
market share gains would have accrued to us in the past two years as we consolidate our 
position in these segments, you can also give us some quarterly remark here Sir of what we 
did here on these two segments? 
Rajiv Goel: 
I think we have strengthened our share but it would be difficult to address it in the 
pandemic sometimes it is difficult to articulate what has gone. I think let the stabilization 
come and then I think it will be a meaningful discussion but clearly I think we have been 
benefited both by unorganised to organised transition, benefited how Havells has responded 
in the crisis, whether it is dealer or, how Havells supply chain has been very resilient in 
these times. So these things have contributed to a better performance by Havells and I think 
the things are only going to look better in our view because of the property upcycle which 
has started after almost a decade, we believe that momentum is maintained and a few things 

 
 
 
Havells Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
have happened because of Omicron and all others, last part of Q3 has not been sort of that 
great, but I think sales will come back and the company which are sort of committed to the 
long term development of the business, I think that will gain and that is why we believe 
watching sort of attribute to maybe two products I think that is something we need to be 
evident across the product categories so maybe I think in a few quarters, we could have a 
more meaningful discussion in that but clearly I think we believe we have a good change of 
outperforming. 
Amit Mahawar: 
One last quick question parting question. In terms of next five years of capital allocation 
strategy for Havells can I say that it will broadly go in all the divisions in equal proportions 
specifically I am talking about electrical segment versus the ECD and Lloyds or we have 
some specific attribution in terms of capital allocation and capex that we do for the next five 
years? Thank you. 
Rajiv Goel: 
Capital allocation will be very prudent. It will depend upon various stage of product 
category but I think every product category will get its due share and that will also depend 
on the demand scenario and category what kind of maturity is there, so there cannot be a 
single answer to this but yes I think our capital allocation will be benefited to our 
stakeholders whether it is shareholders or customers or even our own manufacturing, like 
prudence what we have executed in the past will also be maintained in the future. Thanks. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Thanks Rajiv. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we take that as the last question. I 
now hand the conference over to Bhoomika Nair for closing comments. Over to you 
Madam! 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Thank you Steven. I would like to thank management of Havells India to give us this 
opportunity to host you and I would like to thank all the participants to join us. I would now 
like to invite Mr. Gupta for his closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Anil Rai Gupta: 
Thank you very much Bhoomika for organising this and thank you for spending the time. 
Thank you everyone. Stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
