 
 
 
 
 
 
National Aluminium Company Limited 
(A Government of India Enterprise) 
REGD. & CORPORATE OFFICE 
Nalco Bhawan, Nayapalli, Bhubaneswar–751013,India 
CIN # L27203OR1981GOI000920 
Tel.:0674-2301988-999, Ext.:2265, 2266, 2267, 2585, 2587, E-mail:company_secretary@nalcoindia.co.in,Website:www.nalcoindia.com 
 
 
एनबीसी/एस/4.5 एवं 4.5(ए)/2022/90                                  NBC/S/4.5 & 4.5(A)/2022/90                 
िदनांकः17.01.2022  
 
 
                           Date: 17.01.2022                                      
 
To, 
Ůबंधक/The Manager 
बीएसई िलिमटेड/BSE Limited, 
फीरोज जीजीभोय टावसŊ/ 
Phiroj Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
दलाल ːŌीट/Dalal Street, 
मुɾई/MUMBAI‐ 400 001 
İˌप कोड/Scrip Code: 532234 
To, 
Ůबंधक/The Manager 
अनुसूचन िवभाग/Listing Department 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िल., 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
एƛचŐज ɘाजा, बांūा‐कुलाŊ क̱ ɘेƛ,  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra‐Kurla Complex, 
बांūा ईː/Bandra East,  
मुɾई/MUMBAI‐400 051 
Ůतीक/Symbol: NATIONALUM 
 
Sub: 
 
Transcript of Investor Meet held on 10th January, 2022  
आदरणीय महोदय/Dear Sir, 
 
 
Further to our letters dated 10.01.2022 and 11.01.2022, enclosed please find transcript 
of Investor Meet held on 10th January, 2022. 
 
 
 
आपकी जानकारी और अिभलेख हेतु/This is for your information and record. 
 
 
धɊवाद/Thanking you, 
 
भवदीय/Yours faithfully, 
कृते नेशनल एʞूिमिनयम कंपनी िलिमटेड 
For National Aluminium Co. Ltd. 
 
 
(एन.के. महाİȶ) 
(N.K. Mohanty) 
समूह महाŮबंधक एबं कंपनी सिचव और अनुपालन अिधकारी 
GGM & Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above/संलư 
 
 
 
Nayan Kumar 
Mohanty
Digitally signed by 
Nayan Kumar Mohanty 
Date: 2022.01.17 
19:44:47 +05'30'

 
1 
 
Transcript of Investors meet held through Video Conferencing on 10.01.2022 
Person 1 - Sir, Good Evening.  
CMD: Good Evening, Good Evening, are you able to hear us...? 
Person 1 - Good Evening. We have Mr Vineet, one of the fund managers from Birla Mutual funds 
along with us.  
Anchor - Yeah, Good Evening. Hello, sir. We are able to hear you clearly. I hope I’m also audible to 
all.   
CMD:  Good Evening. How is COVID in Mumbai...?  
Anchor: Well, as you know Covid is very terrible in Mumbai... the highest number of cases in India 
probably.  And, sir, I hope everybody at your end is also good.  
CMD: It is throughout the country. Odisha is no exception. 
Anchor: yeah, correct, correct. I hope it will end soon. (CMD - Should we start?) Yeah...sure… So, sir, 
thank you so much for this meeting. Since we have only 30 minutes of time allotted I thought that I will 
take this opportunity to directly go to questions and answers rather than asking you for outlook or 
review. I hope this is all right with you.  
Person 1(Unknown):  You want us to leave the meeting or… 
Anchor: No... I am Okay. So, Sir, I will directly go into the question-answer mode. Sir, my first question 
is honestly, you know, as investors,  we would appreciate and prefer to have a better flow of information 
and this is somehow that has been a challenge for us, getting basic information as investors and that’s 
why my request is  to  kindly appoint  one person may be company secretary or someone else who can 
take care of investor relation and queries and data requirements because it has been my experience even 
after multiple follow-ups and etc it is difficult to get data and information. So, it becomes difficult for 
us as investors to continue to analyze and maintain our investments in Nalco. So, I hope you would 
appreciate that concern.  
CMD: I appreciate.  The question is we are dealing with the money of our stakeholders and the 
shareholders. Our aim is to maximise their wealth and what direction we are going, there must be clarity 
in the market. As the investors will be keen to know what the company is doing. Pros and cons, ups and 
downs are two sides of a coin which exist in every industry. Despite  that from  long term  perspective  
point of view, whether in the right prospective and right directive we are moving,  the humble duty of 
management to ventilate and I will advise my company secretary that any investors’ information  should 
be attended promptly. Of course, we have been trying since the last six-seven months that to accelerate 
this. But this Covid pandemic has created various unpleasant situations. Because now also in the office 
around 10-12 persons are suffering from Covid. So, we appreciate your concern and feeling and 
definitely, we’ll never disappoint.  
Anchor: Sure sir, Thank You, sir. Moving on to my next question coming to about business operations 
so while we know that the commodity prices have been very strong globally including Aluminium 
prices, Alumina went up and came down a little bit, Sir I wanted to understand on the cost side, how is 
our cost of production moving separately for Aluminium and for Alumina? If you can talk about that, 
please.  
CMD: If you see honestly, for Alumina cost of production we have been declared consistently the 
lowest cost producer in the world.  Inflations and the cost matrix, what we are thinking are common for 

 
2 
 
all industry players and these also have international influence; we cannot avoid that. So far the metal 
is concerned, import prices are increasing. It is quite natural because when everybody sees the price of 
this commodity is at level of $2600-$2700,   with exchange rate of 74 to 75,. it is a simple mathematics 
everybody calculates what will be the sales revenue. And the cost what we are incurring, manpower 
cost, as a government CPSE, it is known to everybody what will be the pay package and all these things. 
Then if you analyse the cost of metal, almost one-third is basically the Alumina cost. And since we get 
Alumina as a captive source from our Refinery and we being the lowest cost producer of Alumina, 
definitely we are in the advantageous stage that whatever Alumina we are getting, we are getting from 
our own Refinery, and we are the lowest-cost producer of Alumina. Normally if you see Alumina prices 
earlier, it was almost 17-19% of the LME.  But it does not hold good when LME moves beyond a 
particular threshold limit, because the supply-demand of Alumina, supply-demand of metal is altogether 
different.  
Correct ... sorry ...please Go ahead… 
CMD: The Alumina, if you see the price, what we were getting last year in Q1 in comparison to the 
present year price, realisation is more in the Q3, there is a quantum jump. In Q3 Alumina realisation is 
almost 17% higher than Q2. If you consider Q3 current year price in comparison to the corresponding 
year, there is almost 59-60% jump. This year market report indicates that, 12-12.9% of the LME price 
will be the Alumina price. But my expectation, it would be beyond 15% of LME. So far Alumina is 
concerned NALCO, being the lowest cost producer, definitely, my margins are comparatively better 
than other industry players. And so far metal is concerned, the selling price is hovering on an average 
of Rs.2.30 lakhs to 2.35 lakhs per ton and you see, LME is hovering on an average of $2600-2700 . And 
people are sceptical in the market when the price correction is made by different analysts. They assume 
LME will be around $2300-2400 in FY 2022. So they are sceptical because some are traders and some 
are secondary users. Those who are secondary users, they basically take the bare minimum 
requirements, those who are traders they see when it is increasing trend they buy, and when it is the 
decreasing trend, they slow down. So, my metal cost when LME is hovering around $2600-2700, the 
marginal increase in the input cost either it is in power or in the CT pitch or in the CP coke, it hardly 
makes any difference. I want to maximise the return, so we are putting efforts to produce 4 lakhs 60 
thousand tonnes of metal during this year to achieve our 100% plant capacity, because metal is basically 
a regulated production. So far in NALCO’s history, we have put highest 944 pots in operation. But this 
year we have 959 pots out of 960 in operation and another one pot will be put within 8-10 days.  We 
are putting efforts to put 960 pots into operations. That indicates the confidence the company has to 
earn profit. Because if I forgo today and make the production lesser, we will be looser as we know the 
trend from the history that when LME reaches $2500 it does not stick for a long period.  In past, it went 
up to $3200 and then came down to $2400-2500, again it has picked up to $2600-2700. The market 
analyst’s prediction is that $2300-2400 average LME will remain, but I am quite confident during this 
Q4, it will be hovering between $2500 plus-minus. So the price what I am giving as an incremental 
cost, I don’t consider it is an incremental cost rather I want to tap the opportunity to get the differential 
sales revenue as my profit. So, I am assuring that, so far metal is concerned, you will also not be 
disappointed and Q3 result will be published shortly. You will feel happy that, what was committed 
earlier the same thing has been translated into the figures.  
Anchor: Okay. So, sir, when you’re saying that the cost has been marginal, so for example if we look 
at Alumina, should we consider that the cost of production of Alumina increase that has happened, is 
less than 10% compared to last year, assuming it is marginal?  
CMD: Alumina, the major requirement is caustic soda.  Caustic soda prices have shoot up from 
Rs.33000 - Rs.34000 to Rs.75000. The thing is due to the coal crisis, all the coal rakes were given 
priority and logistic constraints were there due to COVID-19. Any vessel going to China, they have to 

 
3 
 
quarantine for 14 days. So, the chemical vessel, which was carrying caustic soda,   their availability 
also had been distracted. So, we know this is a temporary phenomenon because everywhere they are 
recurring additional expenditures, to make this arrangement. So, this temporary phenomenon, we do 
not consider as longterm indicators, that it will prevail.  The market has to correct it. And in India, 
caustic soda production is more than the requirement, So this temporary phenomenon because of the 
COVID related impact will not be long term, because after this third wave - Omicron and if the herd 
immunity develops because it is moving very fast, basically it will come to an endemic. So I am quite 
confident that this will not. really (interrupted by anchor) 
Anchor: So, are you saying that temporarily, that cost has gone up much higher than 10% and it may it 
will come down later. So right now the cost might have moved up higher. Is that what you are saying? 
But although in future, it might come down?    
CMD:    In true sense, let me tell the cost of Alumina, being a price sensitive information, I am not 
talking about the absolute figures. But despite increase in the cost, our margin is higher. Because we 
are getting around 15-16% of the LME.  
Anchor: So,  may be not absolute numbers, but in terms of percentage growth, etc. versus last quarter, 
something like that, if you can suggest, you know, what is the range? I don't want an exact number that 
has gone up by 10.5% or something like that. But is it in 10 to 15% range? Is it into 20 to 25% range? 
You know, some indication will be useful for us.   
CMD: It is around 10 to 12% it varies, overall. I am not talking component-wise.   
Anchor: So compared to last year, it is higher by 10 to 12%. That is what we should assume?  
CMD: Yes... 
Anchor:  Okay.  Understood Sir. And sir, if you look at similar way, for production of aluminium, 
Alumina is from our own captive source, right? So, we can term it is cost of conversion of Alumina into 
the metal, right? Or overall Aluminium cost, whatever you may like to say, how is that moving? Because 
of the coal shortage, the bigger impact seems to be on Aluminium, right? If you have to buy coal from 
a non-linkage source, etc. our cost goes up significantly, right? So is the cost impact higher in the 
percentage terms in Aluminium? 
CMD: I’ll just give a hint, (Anchor - yeah)... Aluminium smelting is power intensive. In India, all the 
aluminium sectors, depend upon the thermal coal. All the players, who are smelting aluminium metal; 
are all in the thermal power group.  Now so far NALCO is concerned, we are not importing any 
Indonesian coal. Indonesian coal, is prohibited temporarily to stockpile the coal for their own power 
plants. If you analyze last year data, almost 80% of the total coal export by Indonesia is meant for 
Chinese port borne power plants.  What strategy we followed till now, has proved to be successful. And 
we are quite confident this power crisis, what we are seeing today, it has started almost three-four 
months back, and it will not continue for a long period because now almost all the power plants have 
coal stock. Government has given directive not to retain coal stock of more than 17 days. So, we are 
quite hopeful by January end, the crisis will come down.  
Anchor: Okay. So sir, let’s say from October onwards, Coal India actually diverted a lot of coal from 
industry towards power plants, right? For utility power plants. So, how is NALCO, FSA fulfilment been 
impacted? I mean, what percentage, we would have achieved in terms of, you know, deliveries on, on 
our FSA side...? 
CMD: Again, please... 

 
4 
 
Anchor: Sir... the FSA is that we have with Coal India, various subsidiaries of Coal India. So we have 
this contracted quantity, right? So in this October onwards, which is October, November, December, 
these three months which is Q3, they started diverting coal more towards the utility power plants by 
cutting the, you know, other users allocations. So I am assuming NALCO’s allocation would have also 
been cut temporarily.  
CMD: You see. It is not a question of curtailment of allocation.  When the economy was down, the 
power sector did not hold much coal, because holding coal itself is inviting various perennial risk apart 
from fire. So everywhere there is a limitation, depending upon the availability, logistics, etc, to ensure 
uninterrupted power production, normally 15 days to 30 days coal stock they keep. So Nalco also used 
to keep that. They have not curtailed this. Now when the economy started booming, industrial activities 
started to regain, the power requirement of the country increased. Because the coal plant, needs time 
for operation to come up to its peak load. It is not like hydro. Switch on; switch off mode we can connect 
to the grid and give the power. Whether it is a RoR, or it is a reservoir based hydro project, they can 
switch on switch off to the grid. But in case of thermal, it needs some time. So the power plants did not 
maintain the stock when the production was lowered down or scaled down. 
Anchor: Yeah.  
CMD: So, when they wanted to ramp up the production,  they need much coal and in such a situation  
like COVID crisis, people, the workers, the miners are all  affected, there is no attendance, almost 50 - 
75% attendance. The people who are working in mines area and some unprecedented rainfall have also 
aggravated the situation.   
Anchor: Correct 
CMD: But that they cannot discriminate. So they give priority to that. It has not been cancelled. We are 
also getting coal and added advantage of NALCO is we have our merry go round, our own locomotives 
and wagons between the MCL and NALCO it rotates. So we got some coal.  
Anchor: Fulfilment was significantly lower or was it, not significantly lower? The overall fulfilment...? 
CMD: Our power requirement is around 900-megawatt minimum to run the full-scale plant. And we 
are hardly importing 200-megawatt power. (Anchor: okay.) from the grid. So, 700 MW, I am generating 
on myself. I need not tell the details of how we are managing and all these things. This is the fact.  
Anchor: No, but even the 700 MW that we are generating, sir, on our own, Sir is it also  some high-
cost coal purchase from the market, you know,  even though it is captive, technically the cost is 
equivalent to the outside power. 
CMD: So basically we are purchasing from subsidiary of Coal India. The price has not increased 
substantially. We are not using any import coal or we are not using any coal from a long distance.  
Because our advantage is that our plant is located almost 15 - 20 kilometers, from the MCL, which is a 
coal-based mines area.  
Anchor: Okay... So Sir, for the 700 MW that we are running captively should I assume that all the coal 
that is required is coming from Coal India only on a linkage basis... 
CMD: Yes, I can reconfirm that we are not importing coal, or we have not   bought coal from any 
domestic source other than Coal India. 
Anchor:  Understood. And sir, is it likely that 700 MW of captive power, will subsequently be increased 
in the coming quarters. 

 
5 
 
CMD:  We are always hopeful that good day has to come, because ‘bhagwan ne create kiya hai good 
day, bad day’ otherwise we cannot test it. And it is a test for us, whether we are able to manage during 
the crisis period or not.  So now we are facing that and we are quite confident that my team, their efforts 
what they are putting will manage the challenges. 
Anchor: Okay, Understood, sir. . And sir during Q2, we had advantage of one or two shipments of 
Alumina, which were deferred from Q1, right? And that's why our Alumina sales volume, was slightly 
higher.  Although they were lower in Q1. So H1 was normal, but what I am understanding is the Q2 
had abnormally higher sales volume, right? So correspondingly Q3 will see a deep in the sales volume? 
Because those extra shipments are... 
CMD:  Fundamentally my Alumina production is around 21 lakhs, and our Smelter requirement is 
around 10 lakhs, including domestic sales. So almost 12 lakhs I have to export. It is not that all 
consignments will be deferred. 1-2 consignment defer which may take place that we may not predict 
with this volatility of the COVID, otherwise, we are on the schedule and we'll achieve our production 
and sales target in all the 4 quarters as a whole. 
Anchor: Okay, sir, on Aluminium profitability just wanted to understand one conceptual clarity I 
needed. We transferred the Alumina at our cost to the Aluminium division to calculate the profitability, 
right? Sir my question is that on a contribution basis at high coal prices, does Aluminium still make 
profit?    Although Alumina is transferred at a cost, but the market value of that Alumina is much higher, 
right? It is probably $360 or $400? It is probably not $200 or $180. So, assuming incremental 
contribution analysis, we do, how does that Alumina profitability stack up?  
CMD: Even we consider $350 to $400 is the Alumina price, let us assume 1.9 to 2 tonne Alumina is 
required for 1 tonne of metal. Okay. So if 350x2, it is 700. Alumina cost is 700. If Alumina cost is 35%, 
let us assume then a 100 percent will come to $2100. (Anchor: Okay). So sales anything beyond that is 
incremental profit. 
Anchor: Okay Understood. So, sir basically, what it implies is the non-Alumina cost is roughly $1,400, 
right? That is what we should understand. The non-Alumina cost is roughly $1,400. 
CMD: Yes. Because in the composition of metal cost, it is 1/3 the Alumina cost, almost 35-40 percent 
is the power cost and the rest 25 to 30% is different costs and margin. 
Anchor:  
Yeah. Sir it may be true at one point of time, but this percent will shift, right? If power cost goes up 
because of, let us say higher coal cost, etc, then that percent might change?  
CMD:  
 The thumb rule is that what we are considering, the abnormal factor is temporary in nature, it may 
sometime influence the total cost. I am just talking from a long-term perspective point of view because 
we have put 180-kilo ampere pot line.  Initially when, the project was commissioned, that was the best 
technology available at that time. But now 600 kilos ampere is available. But now, if the pot line is 
replaced with 600-kilo ampere , I will just gain  something in power cost. But the depreciation and the 
interest burden will override the power cost. But I am not telling that we should not switch over because 
environmental requirement, all these things, we have to do it. But another 0.5 million tonne of smelter 
brown field expansion is also under progress.  NALCO was conceived with an intention to provide 
primary metal to the secondary manufacturers who were importing. As an Atmanirbhar Bharat, now 
what we are discussing in early 80’s when the company was conceived it was also considered self-
reliant India.  Because we should produce metal and provide the same to the secondary industries in the 

 
6 
 
Country. If we replace this, then this metal what we are giving to the secondary industry, they will 
import.   
Anchor:  
Sir when will 0.5 MT expansion of Smelter be operational? 
CMD:  
Now the DPR is under preparations and we are confirming the power sourcing. If the power sourcing 
is confirmed, then the final cost can be determined. Because whether we'll be taking this power plant 
on our own or we will be outsourcing the same by giving coal, will be decided later.  
Anchor:  
Okay. But Sir, in this, are you building in some sort of contingency for carbon taxes or carbon costs to 
come into India? Because, I mean, the government has made certain commitments, right towards 
climate change and reduction of emissions from the country. And towards that extent in future, there 
might be policy changes, which might introduce some form of carbon, you know, tax or costs, etc, 
which might be imposed on.CMD:   
Already, it is there for the purpose of encouraging renewable energy, we are taking care of that if further 
regulatory requirement comes, that we will look into. 
Anchor:  
No. Sure sir, but, our investment, which we commit has to take that into account, right? Currently what 
the cess is Rs 400 per tonne of coal? CMD:  
We are also exploring hydrogen-based power plant but that technology has not been tested and proven 
and established in the country.  
Anchor:  
Okay.  Because the people estimate that, internationally carbon prices are somewhere around 50 to 70 
euros per tonne?  And in the production of Aluminium, there's a substantial emission that at least 13 to 
14 or 15 tonnes of carbon per tonne of Aluminium. So, if one were to assume that similar level of carbon 
costs come into India, then even at 50 euros, it might mean, , something like 750 euros or almost,  there 
will be additional cost or burden by about $900 to $1,000. So that's why any new investment in 
Aluminium smelter must take into account this kind of contingency that what kind of future… 
CMD: 
That's what we are analysing. We are not thinking this smelter based on the thermal power plant. 
(Anchor: Okay.) That's what I indicated that we want to finalise the power sourcing, because the 
intention is a long term sustenance, at an economic affordable rate. 
Anchor: 
Sure. Because Sir Coal India announced that they wanted to do with NALCO. So I was wondering that 
again, we will be going to thermal based power of source only. That's why I was asking. 
CMD: 
That has been kept on hold as on date.  

 
7 
 
Anchor: Okay  
CMD: I'm thankful that you showed interest on NALCO and the management, which is looking after 
the investors’ money. I am assuring that we will put our efforts to maximize the return of the investors. 
Of course, various factors influence the market capitalisation, because LME price is also one major 
player. But as a management perspective, I assure that we are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that 
we are making all these things aiming larger interest of our stakeholders and our investors. 
Anchor: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much for your time and really appreciate, you answering, my questions.  
CMD: 
If the COVID is normalized, then I would request Mr. Pallav that to conduct a meeting at Mumbai so 
that I can physically be present. So, let us pray to God that the pandemic should be endemic, then we 
can meet in person. 
Anchor: 
Sure, Sir, we would love to meet you in person. We would love to have that opportunity. But meanwhile, 
my request is for that on-going interaction from investor point of view, for information and data. Sir we 
don't want to trouble you for basic information and data, right? I mean, that can be handled by other 
officials also. 
CMD: 
I told you it’s not trouble.  Only data, it is a theory, but data with physical interaction add meaning and 
value to the data. So, I believe that we should interact more with all physical data so that there can 
meaningful interaction in future.  
Anchor: Sure Sir, both are important.  
Another Anchor: I’ll just add to one thing Sir, So, basically some basic things like, production and 
sales data. So I think it started after, last two quarters have been very good. The quarterly press release 
mentions, how much has been produced, Alumina and sold, which was not in the past. Sothere has 
definitely been an improvement in the, the quantum of information, but yeah, obviously it can improve. 
Thank you again so much. It was a very informative call for ourselves as well, and thank you Mr. Vineet 
fortaking part in the call today. Yeah.  
Thank you very much, sir. Have a good day.  
CMD: Thank you, one & all those who are connected through VC. So now this is the age of technology, 
which made us to interact only through virtual mode. Thank You ... 
 
 
Thank you. 
    
