 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Ltd.  
Registered & Service Office : Umang Tower, 5th Floor, Mindspace, Off. Link Road,  Malad (W), Mumbai 400 064. 
T 022- 42497000 CIN : L51900MH1997PLC108798. Email : customercare@shoppersstop.com Website www.shoppersstop.com 
 
 
 
 
SEC/81/2021-22       
 
 
 
                                 
                         January 25, 2022 
 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001. 
Stock Code  : 532638  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051. 
Stock Symbol : SHOPERSTOP  
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call – Q3 FY22  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company had filed its letter ref. no. SEC/76/2021-22 dated January 13, 2022, in respect of the analyst / 
investors conference call on Friday, January 21, 2022 11:o0 am. IST to discuss the corporate performance for 
the third quarter 2022. 
 
In respect of the same and as required under Regulation 46, we are pleased to submit herewith the transcript 
of the earnings conference call so held on January 21, 2022. The same is simultaneously being made available 
on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thank you.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
Vijay Kumar Gupta 
Vice President- Legal, CS & Compliance Officer   
 
Encl: aa 
 
 
Vijay Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by Vijay 
Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2022.01.25 
18:43:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Shoppers Stop Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENUGOPAL NAIR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CEO, SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED  
MR. KARUNAKARAN M – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
MR. JAIPRAKASH MAHESHWARI – VICE PRESIDENT 
(FINANCE & ACCOUNTS) 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q3FY22 Earnings Conference Call of 
Shopper Stop Limited. I must remind you that the discussion and today's earnings call may 
include certain forward looking statements and must be viewed therefore in conjunction with 
the risk that the company faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter and yearly 
performance and to strategic questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with 
separately with the IR team. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Venugopal Nair – Managing Director and CEO. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Venugopal Nair: 
Thank you, and good morning. Thanks for joining us today to discuss our Financial Results for 
the Third Quarter of this Fiscal Year, which ended on the 31st of December 2021. We have 
shared our Q3 Results in the Investor Deck and Press Release and I hope you have had a chance 
to go through the same. 
I will now talk to you about our Q3 performance, the progress on our strategic pillars and the 
way forward. 
At the very outset, I must say we had an extremely strong quarter and we saw a big forward 
momentum carrying on from the recovery that started in the second quarter. Consumer 
confidence has rebounded sharply and as a result of this, we recorded extremely strong sales. 
Our GAAP sales was 1070 crores, a growth of 35% over Q3 of FY21 with margins growing by 
170 basis points. Our non-GAAP sales was 1190 crores with a similar growth. 
The business was strong with the same store sales driving the performance and was consistent 
throughout the quarter seeing a high customer spend and the growth in the average transaction 
value. The growth in average transaction value has now been sustained over 7 quarters, which 
is a clear engagement of the customers coming in and it shows us that when they come to us 
they spend a lot more both offline and online. 
Apart from the strong sales in stores, our sales through the digital channels also continued to 
perform strongly and grew by 39% over FY21. 
From a product point of view, athleisure and activewear have been in demand for the last 18 to 
20 months and has been well talked about, however, in the past quarter consumers have rebooted 
their wardrobes for the post-pandemic life buying in large quantiles of different categories of 
apparel and beauty. We realized this trend very early and our stores having an assortment that is 
in sync with this consumer taste. We benefited from this wardrobe reboot that is being done by 
our customers. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
After a short gap, we are also back to opening up new stores. During the quarter, we opened 5 
new stores, 3 department stores and 2 Beauty stores. 
On operational costs, we continue to save versus the FY 2020. In Q3, we saved Rs.40 crores and 
we are back to being a Debt-Free business. 
With a strong sales and tight control on costs we reported an EBITDA of Rs.197 crores as per 
GAAP Financials, which is a growth of 57%. On non-GAAP reporting, the EBITDA was Rs. 
100 crores and our non-GAAP EBITDA grew by five times of 380%. 
We continue to invest into our business. The investments are to grow our digital commerce 
capability and on new stores, along with data, analytic, and MarTech. We also refurbished some 
of our overall stores. Combination of all of this so far, we have invested Rs.55 crores during the 
year. 
I now move on to our strategic pillars: 
As always, I will take you through each of the strategic pillars one after the other, we continue 
to make good progress in each one of them. 
First Citizen, our Loyalty Customer Program, continues to demonstrate a strong growth 
trajectory with offline sales accounted 72% of its sales coming from our First Citizen customers 
and online this was 42%, which was up 160 bps. The First Citizen Black Card customers which 
is our annual subscription program, performed exceptionally well, with enrollments growing by 
85% year-on-year in this quarter. This subscription service brought in a revenue of 4.5 growth 
in membership even as these customers bless us with a much larger share of their wallet, 
illustrated by the fact that this segment of our customers, visit us four times more than our core 
First Citizen customer. 
In the omni-channel, our contribution for First Citizen grew as I mentioned before, and these are 
customers we are engaging very closely. Our unique service to our customers, personal shoppers, 
and the contribution from personal shoppers has been consistent, contributing to 10% of our 
sales. The average ticket size of the customers shopping with us with the assistance of personal 
shoppers is 3x that about four First Citizen customer. We also had styling festivals through our 
personal shoppers, both online and offline. A big focus for us in our stores is to have varied 
experiences for our customers week in, week up so that every time a customer comes in, they 
see something different, there is something new for them to look forward to. The same we are 
doing on www.shoppersstop.com as well to make it far more engaging, increasing the number 
of visits that we get from our customers. 
At  this point, I am delighted to share that we have now appointed Chief of Marketing, Shwetal 
Basu. Shwetal joined us from Metro Brands, where she contributed to the growth of their various 
brands. She has extensive experience of working in retail marketing, including a long stint with 
ABRL. She is spearheading our drive of customer engagement through the use of data and the 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
information that we get through the spending habits of our First Citizen customers enabling us 
to offer better service to them both online and offline. We have now started using propensity 
models to be able to bring them a much more curated offer on a regular basis. 
I now move on to our second pillar of Private Brands: 
Our strategy for growing our private brands in apparel continues to work well. Private brands 
contributed to 14% of the total business with it being 18% online. Specifically in apparel, our 
private brands contributed to 18% of the total apparel sales, which was a growth of 185 bps. 
Within private brands in women's Indian wear, our private brands now account for nearly 50% 
of our total sales from this category through our brands of Kashish, Haute Curry and Stop. 
In kids wear our private brands of Karrot, Stop and Life grew by 98% which was absolutely 
delightful and spectacular. 
In the last call, I had mentioned to you about the launch of our first D2C online brand “Insense”. 
I am glad to share that this brand has now established an annual run rate of Rs.5 crores and is 
growing strongly. 
Our third pillar is Beauty” 
Beauty grew by 41% and the sales from this category accounted for 17% of total sales, a growth 
of 75 basis points in the quarter. The growth was across both offline and online. With us having 
a record single day sales on November 11, also known as “Singles Day”. 
This quarter, we launched 28 new brands in Beauty and so far in the year, we have now launched 
70 new brands. Arcelia, our private brand in the Beauty Segment, launched 40 SKU of perfumes, 
deodorants and sheet masks. This marked the entry of Arcelia into the fragrance and deo space. 
Another 75 SKUs of makeup and nails are to be launched in the 4th  quarter this year. This would 
be our entry through with Arcelia into the makeup category. Makeup accounts for 51% of the 
total Beauty sales mix and hence, we expect this to be a big contributor going forward to our 
sales. 
In the last call, I had also mentioned about launching standalone Beauty Stores. Today, we are 
doing the launch of our 1st  SS Beauty Store with the second one slated to open in the next three 
weeks. This is a segment we intend to grow aggressively, both offline and online. 
At this stage, I would also like to share the good news of us having appointed a Chief Beauty 
Officer to accelerate the growth in this category. Biju Kassim joined us earlier this week. Biju 
you has over 27 years of experience in international brand management, distribution and retail 
operations in the luxury and lifestyle space. For the most part of his career, he has been based 
out of Dubai and Mumbai, working with businesses across various countries in Asia, Europe 
and Africa. He has held leadership positions at Intercraft, Baccarose and Beauty Italia in his past 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
roles. His understanding of the business, expertise and strategic planning and operational 
excellence, along with his forward-thinking leadership will add tremendous value as we look to 
grow aggressively in the Beauty space. 
Finally, the fourth pillar of omni-channel: 
Digital sales grew by 39% on FY21 and continues to grow strongly quarter-on-quarter. Our sales 
on Amazon specifically saw a massive growth. We have transformed ourselves into an omni-
channel retailer with www.shopperstop.com firmly established as a shoppers destination for our 
customers. 
Consumers now have a Metaverse mindset. Adapting to this consumer behavior, we are focusing 
on social shopping that gives our customers a seamless experience from discovery to checkout. 
As mentioned before, we have been working on improving the customer experience online. The 
first upgrade of our Shoppers Stop App was done in December, and you would be seeing a much 
better visualization from before. The page load speeds have improved significantly and the 
combination of these improvements is being appreciated by our customer as is demonstrated by 
the fact that the android rating of our app has now moved up from 3.4 to 4.5. The next phase of 
the upgrade is due later this month. As you would appreciate this as an area we are investing in 
and a big part of our total investment is into digital to enhance the customer experience, and to 
continue to drive our strategy of building a sustainable growth online. 
We have also been investing into data, analytics and personalization and this is an area which 
continues to help us engage with our customers in a much more sharp manner. We have now 
started to use propensity models, which we are able to derive through the data that we have of 
our customer shopping, especially with the history that we have of our First Citizen customer. 
As you know, this is 8 million customers strong data and these customers have been engaging 
with us consistently over the last many-many years, giving us a rich data for us to be able to use 
our mind. 
I am confident this focus on data and analytics will help us to continue reach our customers in a 
much more targeted manner online and also offline, where using the behavior that we are seeing 
of our customers, we are able to bring in much more sharper offer of brands that they are looking 
for and is more suited to their local needs. 
Finally moving on to expansion, as I mentioned before, we opened 3 full line stores and 2 Beauty 
stores of Estee Lauder in this quarter. We have another 5 department stores that are fully ready 
and will open once the malls that they are in are ready to open, most likely to happen in the third 
and fourth weeks of February. Majority of our new stores  is in Tier-2 and we have a strong 
pipeline for the next year, which will be a big contributor to our future growth. 
 
 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
In summary: 
We have had an exceptionally strong quarter and are demonstrating sustainable growth. This is 
a result of the strategy that had been put in place over the last two years and is working very 
well. We have a strong team that is in place with able leadership and capitalizing on the high 
loyalty and great trust that our customers have. We expect to see continued growth on Shoppers 
Stop. 
Thank you all and we will open up for any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. 
Karunakaran M: 
One second, we have received a lot of questions as Venu was speaking and some of the questions 
we received this morning. 
Should we take those first? 
Yeah, what we thought if we answered those questions, probably some of the questions would 
be automatically answered. I mean, we have almost 20 questions. Okay. Venu and I we will take 
it through. 
Venugopal Nair: 
Okay, so I'll start with the first one was what are the key growth drivers for the top line? Expected 
like-to-like stores growth in the medium term? So, I think that's two questions. Our growth has 
been across all our strategic pillars. The strong foundation that we have is of the brands, both 
national and international, across apparel, Beauty, watches, sunglasses, home and all of these 
categories have seen good stable growth. Apart from that, the specifically the growth engines, 
and we have really two big growth engines which we have identified in the category space. One 
is Beauty and the other one is our own private brands across apparel and these two are growing 
well ahead of the average growth that we are seeing. The second part of the growth comes from 
the channels which is Omni as well as new store expansion and again, as I touched upon both of 
these areas, we have aggressive plans to grow. In terms of what is the expected like-to-like store 
sales. We expect to have high single digit or low double digit growth in the immediate future. I 
would think more  double digits in most of the quarters. Second question is on way forward on 
private labels, private brands is a strategic pillar and it is outgrowing our departmental store sales 
consistently for the last seven quarters now, we have started off by trimming down the number 
of brands making sure that each brand caters to a specific lifestyle and there is a clear brand 
definition, which we continue to sharpen as we go along. Our latest additions when they are 
infused, as I mentioned have had a very robust start and look very promising and the way forward 
our private labels will continue to grow by growing product categories and filling gaps within 
product categories that we have under influence and also by increasing the space as the category 
starts to outperform productivity of the rest of the store. We will also invest strongly into building 
these brands, through advertising and marketing and through sharply focusing on our specific 
customers who are buying our private brands. Of course, also private brands gives us a massive 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
opportunity to grow our margin, the margins in private brands being significantly higher than 
what we make in our business. Next question is on margin profile for Beauty centers, especially 
do they have better margins and break even faster, we have opened 2 Beauty stores and they are 
extremely profitable. As I said, we are opening  2 more in the next three weeks and we intend to 
continue to strive over the next 12 months in key locations that where we are not present. We 
are very confident that they will continue to recover our investments as we have seen in the 
stores that we have already opened. On margins, Beauty margins have always been higher and 
will continue to be higher, the three-to-four-year growth strategy, I think I already outlined that 
in my speech, but if I were to just summarize that again, our growth is through our strategic 
pillars, our strategic pillars of First Citizen, private brand, Beauty and Omni Channel. Building 
on the strong base that we have of our existing business being a household brands and the 
partnership that we have with our brand partners both national and international, aided by growth 
through expansion of stores apart from like-for-like sales. 
Next question, discounting, how much of the sales takes place during the discount season, have 
discount rates gone up? 
For this quarter, our sales during end of season was the industrial sale was actually lower. It was 
marginally lower than the previous years and  the window for end of season sales has been 
reduced. 
How is demand shaping up in the last fortnight of December and beginning of Jan? How have 
the footfalls been in year to date  Jan 2022? 
I think as we know, there is a slight slowdown because of Omicron and the third wave that has 
come in. There are multiple restrictions that are applicable across states within a few states, the 
stores being closed over the weekend, stores closing early during night curfews, etc., The good 
thing is that this time, there has been no complete closure anywhere. So, the stores are trading, 
but with significantly lower footfall. This has definitely impacted, however, because of the 
double vaccination and the fact that the actual severity of Omicron itself is much lesser than 
what has been seen in the past, we expect this to be a short period and we expect the footfalls to 
come back fairly quickly. 
Next one is, what are the company's strategy for Infuse? 
As I said, Infuse is our D2C brands, fast fashion, young trendy and targeting the young customer 
in the 18 to 25 age group. We will continue to grow this online and grow this by expanding the 
choice that our customer has, the number of options that the customer is able to see and this time 
I am delighted with the way the team have grown this category or grown this brand and having 
had a preview of what is to launch in February and March, it will be a very-very sharp increase 
that we expect from this brand. 
Any details company can share on the Rs.40-crs investment done for digital? 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
I think I again touched upon it.  It is twofold. One is the investment into the customer experience 
improving the UI/UX on our app, also the data analytics and improving our capability to be able 
to analyze the trend, and then using AI and ML to be able to retarget and reach our customers 
and engage with our customers in a much sharper way. Data is becoming a key part of what we 
do, and fundamental to all our decision making and this has been aided by the analytics ability 
that we are now being able to get through the investment that has been done in this area. The 
second part of the investment into digital is also in marketing, and especially social commerce, 
which I mentioned, the whole matter was mindset of our consumer, and how we are able to adapt 
to that and again, we are able to do that digitally, which is where our investment is going in. 
Next one, I think again, relates to a similar one of Omicron. Do you see a further threat of further 
delay in recovery for the retail industry? 
Overall, I think if we look at what we saw the customer sentiment is extremely strong and 
buoyant and I say expect the Omicron slowdown to be short and sharp, it will be a short blip is 
what we expect. 
Next question is on Omni channel contribution in steady environment comes to around 6%. 
What are the plans to increase the contribution in the next four to five years? 
Over the next, this is an area we continue to invest in and we continue to grow, again, as with 
private brands, Omni Channel sales has seen consistent growth quarter-on-quarter for the last 
seven quarters. The growth here is coming with better engagement with our customers by being 
able to bring them back on to our app as also through Amazon and www.mac.in and 
www.esteelauder.in, www.clinique.in which are the other platforms that we operate. 
Specifically, on shoppersstop.com, the First Citizen customer base that we have is extremely 
valuable and I touched upon our ability to now use the shopping behavior, the buying behavior 
that we have of our customers to develop propensity models, which then gives us a forward view 
that we are able to do that. The growth in Omni sales will also come by adding more brands and 
we now have a number of brands, which are present only online, and not in our stores and this 
gives an additional opportunity for our customers to get products and brands that they do  not 
get in stores and also, by offering them it becomes as an omni channel retailer, it gives customers 
an option of being able to shop at any point and do it as a competition to us where and let us say 
example of a watch that they have seen online and being a high ticket purchase, many customers 
would like to actually see feel the product before they buy it and the ability for us to be able to 
offer that experience is quite unique or if I take Beauty as an offer and we have grown online 
Beauty very strongly, as I mentioned, but then makeup is the experience that can I mean an 
experience which you have to feel and it is something only we offer and that is a point of 
difference which we have, which again helps customers to be able to start the journey online, 
come to the stores , experience it, see the color or feel the product before they actually buy. So, 
multiple ways by which we expect our Omni sales to go up, improvements in the customer 
service. I am just summarizing that first one is improvement in the customer service. Second is 
the wider offer of brands and products. Third is convenience and the ability to experience the 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
product, feel the product before they buy, making it truly Omni. Next question, I think the next 
set of questions I will request my colleague, Karuna to take. 
Karunakaran M.: 
Thanks Venu. Thank you so much. 
The next question is revenues have increased by 34 percentage while employee costs have 
increased by only 3 percentage any reason for the same? 
We have been talking in the last four or five quarters, we have commenced our zero-based 
budgeting on cost and that is dealing with a significant results not only in employee cost and 
overall all the other costs also. In addition to that, we have closed almost 8 loss making stores. 
It is a combination of these two I have kept not only the employee cost, the other costs also in 
check. So, that is the reason you can see the cost overall increase is much lower than the revenues 
increase. 
The next question is what are the efficiency pockets, pockets we are targeting to drive up our 
operating margins? 
Three or four things. One, we have been continuously talking to the brands to improve the overall 
margins. Second, Venu just spoke about other strategy both on private trend and the Beauty, 
both are going to outgrow our normal departmental sales and both Beauty and the private brands 
have a significantly higher margins as compared to our brands, so that will improve the overall 
gross margin. Of course, there will be a blip due to Omni, but yeah, that is a small one. So, 
overall, we expect the mix to be better. I have just spoke about our zero-base budgeting and cost 
savings. So, our cost savings will also help us to improve the overall EBITDA margins. 
The next question is any impact on GST rate increase from 5% to 12%? What percentage of 
SKUs are priced below 1000? 
Let me answer you the first one, the impact would be very little. If at all, it gets implemented, 
we have seen a difference the government has  deferred already three times. So, if it all gets 
implemented, the impact is very, very little. We are working on two sets two plan strategy here. 
One we are renegotiating the cost of the supplier and we will also take selective price increase 
on our apparels, we of course on our footwear, the GST has increased 12 percentage, but that is 
very, very insignificant for our overall basket. 
The next question is the gross margin continued to be at below pre-COVID levels, what would 
be the reason for the same? 
In fact, compared to pre-COVID, our offline gross margins has increased by 110 bps. Because 
of the significant increase in E-com, there is some adverse impact, but overall, our gross margins 
remain flat as compared to the pre-COVID. We have published the results both for FY20 and 
FY21. If you still have any questions, we will be glad to answer that. The ASP has increased 
sharply by 20 % over last year. Venu will take that. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Venugopal Nair: 
Yeah, I think this is a combination of two things. As I mentioned before the stem we have had 
the shorter end of season sale period and this has resulted in lesser discounting as compared to 
last year and in the last year itself, it was after the second wave and there was a much sharper 
drive to clear inventory and hence a higher level of discounting has happened and it is the 
combination of the two that we have has massively impacted the overall ASP growth and this is 
something which we have seen with our brand partners as well as with our own brands, the lower 
level of discounting this year versus last year. The second factor is also the product mix and one 
of the factors which helped us in our growth in the last quarter was the marriage season, which 
came back very-very strongly given that marriages have been postponed from the earlier quarters 
and there was a big rise in shopping specifically for weddings and festivities and this leads to a 
product mix which is of higher value, which again led to the higher price increase. I mean the 
growth of  ASP. 
Karunakaran M: 
Okay. The next question is how the investment in omni and technology of Rs.55 crores has been 
capitalized or expensed out? 
Let me clarify we have made close to 100 crores slightly more than 100 crores investments as 
of year to date, out of which 66 crores is an account of the physical stores a combination of our 
CAPEX and deposits. The CAPEX will be capitalized, the deposits will be treated as deposits 
and it will lie as such in our books. In addition to that, we also spent Rs.40 crores on Omni, 
which again Venu spoke in detail speech. Of this Rs.40 crores, Rs.20 crores in marketing and 
the balance is in technology. Both the expenses in marketing as well as in technology, we have 
expensed out. 
The next question is, is the company in talks for the rent payments? 
Of course, yes with the lower footfall, the entire retail industry has been talking with the 
landlords for the rental waiver. We are at the beginning stage. We have been discussing with the 
landlords and probably when we meet next that we can come back to you. 
The next question is on what is the scope for further margin improvements? 
I just answered that a combination of how we are going to grow private brand beauty and the 
cost savings. I have just answered that. 
The last question is why depreciation is lower on a year-to-year basis? 
Two reasons, rather three reasons. One, we took a one-time impact on utilization in FY20 almost 
Rs.20 crores. Second, in the last two years, we have closed almost 11 stores and that has resulted 
in lower depreciation. Third, what has also happened is, I am sure we are following a straight-
line method and when we do a straight line method, at some point of time the assets gets 
automatically retired, I mean there will not be any for the depreciation because we have those 
assets should have been fully depreciated. So, these are the three reasons why our depreciation 
is particularly lower on year-to-year basis. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Venugopal Nair:  
There is one more question which is on Arcelia run rate? 
Arcelia is our private brand in Beauty which I talked about in my speech. The current run rate 
on Arcelia is Rs.1 crore per month and this is only with the Bath and Body range and for three 
weeks in the quarter we have, we had the fragrance and deodorants as I elaborated. This is a 
brand which we expect to see massive growth and with makeup getting launched during the 
quarter. As I said we are launching 75 SKUs of makeup and nails in the fourth quarter and with 
more to come in the following quarters. This will become a large part of our Beauty offers. 
That's, that completes the questions that we have. We cannot take questions from people on the 
call. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
I had a question on your costs while you did  give some indication, when I compare your costs 
with three QFY20 numbers, I see you know, with the revenue recovery, your margins are 
actually nearly about you know, 60-70 bps below. So, yeah, well employee costs is obviously 
lower, but you know, rest of the costs are higher and of course, you know, Omni channel cost is 
actually something I think I see a 40-crore increase. So, just want to understand, I mean, you 
know, whatever cost savings, we have mentioned, should we expect this to now be you know, 
utilize more towards our omni-investment and therefore, overall level, you know, costs should 
remain where they were at the pre-COVID level or I mean, how should your overall you know, 
cost structure trend now, thank you very much. 
Karunakaran M: 
Actually, the costs have come down as compared to FY20. In FY20 we had a total cost of 345 
crores and as of now, we have 305 crores. If you remember, what we said in at an annual level, 
we will continue to save 200 crores and we did save 40 crores in this quarter and we also said 
that 200 crores is excluding the investment is what we will make on Omni or any other marketing 
investments we will be making on our strategic pillars. So, as you rightly said, I mean both Venu 
and I touched about. We invested close to 40 crores in Omni and in spite of the 40 crores of 
course year to date, we could save close to 40 crores for the quarter. So, to answer your question 
the cost savings should be we should be able to sustain this cost savings earlier. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay, could you quantify because when I am seeing 3Q like-to-like, there is about 70 bps lower 
margin. So, I mean, I am just thinking well if at all large part got you know, I mean bulked tap 
into this quarter if that is the reason that if you could quantify from that level, you know, what 
kind of margin saving we expect to continue from FY20 level. 
Karunakaran M: 
The margins have increased as compared to FY20 level Aliasgar, but what I can do is, I mean, I 
can give the break up ,in the interest of time, see we saved almost  17 crores in employment and 
occupation every in across all the lines we save the cost probably it should be discussed offline. 
I mean, you know my number and I know your number, why cannot we take it offline and then 
I am not clear in the numbers. So, we can take it offline and then we can definitely do that. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
But can you just share some outlook in terms of from, you know, FY20 levels, what kind of 
margins you will post Omni channel investments do we expect net of that. 
Karunakaran M: 
See our investments are normally continued to be dynamic, okay and similarly, your marketing 
cost. So, while we would definitely save 200 crores probably if you are going to invest 30 to 40 
crores in Omni as well as another marketing. So, our net cost savings should be between 150 -
160 crores. As I said earlier, I mean, like they are they these are dynamic and bit difficult to say 
that, but these are the investments broadly we are discussing internally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from Edelweiss, please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Given it is one question, the key question I wanted to check with you is that you are 
incrementally targeting majority of your store openings in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities and looking 
at your ASP it is, I guess, a little higher than what a lot of the other retailers generally work at. 
So, when you move into these cities, other than, say, having a smaller store format, are you 
targeting a change in assortment also to maybe align to those regions,  just your thoughts on? 
How do you see yourself succeeding in those regions? What are the changes you plan to make? 
VenuGopal Nair: 
Absolutely, I think you have nailed it when you say it is a combination of tighter stores, and also 
our ability to because as a house of brands, we have the ability to play up or play down depending 
on the catchment and the location. For starters, in a number of most of these stores, we would 
have a higher percentage of private brands, because private brands in the hierarchy cater to the 
good and better segment of our customers, and hence are more attuned for our Tier-two 
customers. The second factor is again, by being able to look at the data of our First Citizen 
customers who are shopping with us online from some of these places. We are able to get a better 
sense of which brands would be most suited for these for these catchments and accordingly, 
bring those in and the third is also the split between categories itself. Because unlike a number 
of our competition, we have a good mix of apparel, beauty, watches, sunglasses, travel. So, we 
are also able to tweak the categories based on the catchment and the need of the customer in 
those places. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital, please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Venu my question is for you, it has been more than a year now you are in the system just wanted 
to know, is the top management team, according to you now fully set because last two or three 
quarters, we have seen some replacement, some, you know, a lot of new joinees at the top level 
now. So, are you confident then which areas do you see you would  still need some leadership 
team members to join, which will take you  through the next five years? 
Venugopal Nair:  
So, firstly, our leadership team is now fully in place and we have had I would say additions 
rather than replacements, filling into key areas, which where we are driving growth, and our 
strategic pillars , as I mentioned, Shwetal joined us and looks after strategic pillar, of course, and 
customer and customer engagement is an area Shoppers Stop has always excelled in that and we 
continue to be ahead  in that area. Biju joined us on Beauty and again, it is a strategic pillar, and 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
would help us grow aggressively in this area. The other new members who joined the team in 
the previous quarters were Sandeep who had joined us as the head of retail, and this was our gap, 
which we had in our leadership team and fourth new member who had joined us earlier this year 
was Shreekant and Shreekant join us as the Chief of E-Commerce, which again, is our strategic 
pillar, and hence having clear leadership in this area. So, as you can see from the additions that 
we have done, it is to spearhead each of our strategic pillars, and make sure that we have good 
leadership for us to be able to grow in these categories. So, our other than that, our team is 
complete. We have an excellent team in place, the team has settled on apart from the two new 
members who joined recently, all the others have settled in well, and these two members who 
joined have also blended into the team very well and I am absolutely delighted with the way that 
we are working as a team and this is clearly illustrated in the moto that there is within the team, 
the confidence and the mood that is present within the team. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Karuna on the cost saving side while you alluded 200 crores would be on FY20 base, with the 
current inflation we are seeing across be it on the manpower cost or be it in other areas as well. 
You know, two years out with the aggressive store opening as well. Do you see from FY22 base, 
of cost growing in line with our top line growth, or you see the cost will you know, we can see 
some margins, apart from private label Beauty and stuff, but broadly, the costs growing in line. 
Karunakaran M: 
What we said even at that time is 200 crores on a like-to-like basis. Of course, if you open say 
we are opening close to 8 to 10 stores this year, and we are planning to open 10 stores next year. 
So, all those inorganic expansion will definitely drive the cost. Okay, so that is one. Second 
again, I repeat once more, we are investing in Omni and that has yielded a significantly good 
results and we are being extremely conservative even our technology investments, we do not 
capitalize, but we write off as and when we invest. So, all those investments will take some of 
the cost savings what we make, but we repeat on a like-to-like basis, we should be able to save 
close to 200 crores and plus whatever investments we are making and probably we may make 
30 to 40 crores on Omni and some investments on the new store. Yeah, those things will reduce 
the overall cost saving, but on like-to-like basis, we still maintain we will save 200 crores. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Right and my last question is on the ASP increase. While you know Venu eluded on the two 
paths of shorter EOSS as product mix, are you seeing raw material pressure being there with the 
way yarn prices are and in the next season industry as a whole needs to take a double-digit price 
increase given the way you know inflation is in raw material? 
VenuGopal Nair: 
Yeah, definitely we are seeing a price pressure especially in the apparel category and also to 
some extent on Beauty where bulk of the product tends to be imported and given the pressures 
on raw materials and the input cost, there is a price increase that we have already taken. What 
we do believe is that because of the strong offering that we have, this is something which will 
still keep us very-very competitive in the market. We have, I wouldn’t say it is a double digit 
increase, but it is a high single digit increase. That is helpful and all the best for the future. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Percy Panthaki: 
I was looking at your gross margins and for the quarter versus two years ago, they have dipped 
by about 200 bps, just wanted to understand the reason behind the same. 
Karunakaran M: 
Percy probably that be the see we have given both the non-GAAP results and the GAAP results. 
On the GAAP results, our margins I am just talking on the offline we have increased 
significantly, but that has been offset by the Omni, but overall, our gross margins remain the 
same as we were in FY20 in the non-GAAP. In the GAAP what could be what could have 
happened is because of AS-115, the revenue recognition is based on consignment sales and non-
consignment sales. So, that could be one of the reasons where the GAAP margins would have 
come down, but my request would be take the non-GAAP and then the margins are absolutely 
remain the same. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. So, basically, I am just trying to reconcile the EBITDA margin fall and I am looking at 
the EBITDA pre Ind AS 116. So, you have you mentioned earlier that you have actually saved 
some costs between the gross profit and the EBITDA. So, if the EBITDA margin has fallen, 
despite the cost saving, that would mean that there is a gross margin compression, or am I 
missing something here? 
Karunakaran M: 
No. I am not sure from where you are getting the numbers. I mean, we have our non-GAAP 
thing. Okay, so our margins are remained flat. The cost savings is around about 40 odd crores 
and our EBITDA margins increase by 50 basis points, which is FY20. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, I will probably take this offline. 
Karunakaran M: 
Yes, we can discuss offline and then I can take you through the entire the numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sher Khan, please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir, my question is on what Store expansion strategy. So, you mentioned that you will be adding 
another five store departmental stores and the stores will be largely in the Tier-2 town. So, in 
terms of size, should we expect the size of the store to be you know, lower compared to what it 
was on your for you and second question is, now you are focusing more on your Omni channel, 
you know, Omni channel and digital platform. So, considering that even your departmental size 
stores will be lesser in the coming years compared to what it was earlier. 
VenuGopal Nair: 
So, our store size earlier used to be in the range of 40,000 to 50,000 sq. ft. as we go into Tier-2s, 
and as you as likely picked up most of our expansion and focus ease into the Tier-2s, where we 
are not present or even where we are present where we have the opportunity to grow second one 
and I will elaborate on that in a minute, but the reduced store size is definitely a set formula that 
we are now using and typically it is 25000 to 30,000 sq. ft. that we are now going with versus 
40,000 to 50,000 sq. ft. and what we are seeing in these places is the productivity and profitability 
both are significantly better. Examples of Siliguri, Ranchi where we have opened tighter stores 
and extremely profitable with very high productivity. In fact Ranchi which I mentioned where 
we already have one store, we are actually going into the second store in a Tier-2 itself given the 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
adaptability that we have seen and the acceptance from our customers of these places. Similarly, 
there are a number of other cities where we are expanding into, there is Jaipur, Jodhpur., 
Guwahati, Bhubaneshwar all of these places where we are going into.  The second question, 
sorry, I forgot your second question. Could you please repeat? 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So, now since we are focusing more on the Omni. 
VenuGopal Nair: 
Omni, I mean, see, if you look at the market penetration of retail and if I just step back and look 
at macro numbers in retail organized retail today is 29% of the total retail market. A large part 
of the growth that is being seen in online is unorganized retail moving into organized and a 
number of this migration from unorganized to organized also would benefit the organized 
physical retail, hence the opportunity for both online and offline. Second, the future of retail is 
Omni, it is neither online nor offline customers will choose to start their journey online and then 
get into the store or vice-versa, as per their convenience and hence, retailers will need to be 
present both offline and online to be able to fully service and cater to our customer and that is 
the journey that we are on and we are seeing that increasingly, that whole engagement on the 
app and in the store going up and with data and analytics, we are able to service and cater to that 
customer in a much better way. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thanks for the understanding and just have one question on the consumer sentiments, as you 
mentioned that the consumer despite the fact the emergence of third wave consumers sentiments 
have been strong. So, considering that even though you are going to see you know, some kind 
of, you know, temporary blip on Q4 numbers, because of the restrictions on various states have 
imposed, but whatever, you know, the small blip will be should we expect that to get recovering 
in Q1 because the pent up demand will be there and, you know, again, the marriage season is 
expected to be postponed. So, considering that and the overall improvement in the mobility, 
should we expect, you know, this quarter one sales to be better than if there is some kind of blip 
in Q4? 
Venugopal Nair: 
You are absolutely right, I think there is there is a pent-up demand, which we saw come out after 
the second wave, and we expect the third wave to be much sharper, shorter, and the recovery to 
be equally strong and quick. As I said, there is I believe we believe there is a wardrobe reboot 
that is happening, where customers are gearing up for post pandemic life, buying large quantiles 
and different categories across apparel and beauty and we were able to realize this trend early 
and it is something that we will continue to review and make sure that we are offering the right 
product to our customers and that is something which plays to our advantage because of the large 
portfolio of products and categories that we carry, and their ability to we are in and out based on 
what our consumer demand is. So, effectively the wardrobe reboot, combined with the 
availability of data and the agility that we have now to be able to cater to that standards in good 
step and would be able to help us grow our business strongly and sharply. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thanks for the understanding. I will get back to you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital, please go ahead. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yeah, thank you very much for the opportunity and sir just I wanted to understand first on the 
other income side now, so how much of the other income reported of about 40 crores would be 
from maybe rent favor or some those sort of income and was the sustainable other income going 
forward? 
Karunakaran M: 
You are talking about the GAAP numbers for Q3. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes sir, the 41 crores number. 
Karunakaran M: 
oh, that includes some of the consignment sale what where we account only the margin income. 
So, other than that, I mean that fluctuates depending upon the contract what we have with our 
suppliers. So, I am sure you know the AS 115. Other than that, there is nothing but what we said 
and how it is treated in accounting for the purpose of GAAP. Other than that, we do expect the 
other income of anywhere between 10 crores to 15 crores this year, per quarter and it should 
marginally go up as we move on. See the other income comprises of two large things. One, 
Space on hire what we get it from our retailers. The second one is the subscription money what 
we get it from the loyal customer base. It has both the normal loyal customers as well as the 
Black Card customers. We have been seeing a significant increase on the subscription from 
Black Card customers. In fact, Venu in speech also said that the Black Card customers 
subscriptions have almost doubled in the last one year. So, as we go through we do expect a 
significant increase on the other income. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay but going forward 10 to 15 crores per quarter is what is normalized level. 
Karunakaran M: 
Yeah it should be slightly more than that probably 10 to 15 is right now, it should be slightly 
more than that. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, fair enough understood and sir in the part like on a little medium term, maybe four years 
we have spoken about doubling our maybe revenue from FY20 base, which was about 3500 
crores, so, FY25 our vision would be to have  7000 crores of a top line target. So, any comments 
on that?  
VenuGopal Nair: 
Yeah, I think as we have stated in one of the earlier calls, our aim is to double our business over 
the next four to five years and I would expect it to be slightly higher than that. So, 7000 on 
GAAP sales is what he have picked up, which is pretty much I think, where we would end up 
on a non-GAAP it will be like slightly higher and the engine for this growth is, as I said before, 
the growth of Omni channel, new stores and from our categories point of view, the strategic 
pillars of private brand, Beauty and First Citizen. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yeah, the pillars that you are spoken about. Understood. My final queries on your margin to how 
do we see margins going forward now. 19% margins that we reported how sustainable that one 
should look at. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Karunakaran M: 
Q3 is exceptionally good because of two reasons. One, our Q3 has always been the best quarter 
not only for the Shoppers Stop but across all the retail. So, the Q3 margins are always high, but 
again, when we discuss we discuss the non-EBITDA margins, our non EBITDA margin, 
EBITDA margins should be close to high single digit in the next one to two years and then if 
like with our plans in the private brand and Beauty it may go even to low double digit three years 
from now. 
Deepak Poddar: 
The non-GAAP right? 
Karunakaran M: 
Yeah. 
Deepak Poddar: 
That is it from my side and all the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar from Nippon India Mutual Funds, please 
go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Sir just one observation when I see within your private labels, the mix of Beauty is much lower 
than apparel and with you launching the new categories that you just spoke about in the initial  
remark and covering the entire category, is it fair to say that the mix of Beauty within private 
labels will increase from hereon. 
Venugopal Nair: 
Yeah, currently, the mix of Beauty is extremely small. Because it started only a couple of 
quarters back and so far it's only Bath and Body and three weeks perfumes had been so this is a 
category as a percentage to the total in the private brand play Beauty will play a much bigger 
role in the next four quarters because we have a strong lineup of new launches, which are there. 
Prateek Poddar: 
And can you just help me understand the gross margin differential between Beauty private 
brands versus third party? 
Venugopal Nair: 
It is significantly higher. I would not want to put an absolute number in there but what I can say 
is that it is significantly higher double digit. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Okay. So, just to add these two together with the share of Beauty increasing private brand Beauty 
increasing and you know the way you talked about gross margin differential. In the next four 
quarters, we could see I think Karuna was also mentioning higher gross margins coming into the 
business on a structural basis. 
Venugopal Nair:  
Yes. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. I wanted to check on 
how these growth investments are going to be funded going ahead. So, would internal accruals 
suffice or we may have to raise external capital as well.  
 
As you would have seen, we are completely debt free and the internal accruals that we have are 
more than enough to be able to fund these. So, on a net basis I guess our cash reserves are at 
about 10 to 12 crores. 
Karunakaran M: 
So, see this is the year in which the first quarter has been completely washed out. Second quarter, 
we had almost 50 percentage, third quarter we came close to pre-COVID. From next year 
onwards, if there are, I mean, we do assume there will not be the COVID and our investments, 
as you have seen in 2018-2019 and 2019-2020, all has been completely internally funded and 
we will continue to be internally funded for all the investments we have been making. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure. Secondly, I wanted to check on you mentioned about increasing margins from the brands. 
So, is this specifically for new brands that will be associating this or with existing brands as well 
and also, if you can indicate any ballpark numbers for the increase that could be helpful. 
Karunakaran M: 
See, we have been continuously negotiating with all our trade partners for increase in margins 
and particularly wherever we found that there are specific reasons why we have to take a margin 
increase, we have been doing that. So, it has been difficult put a number saying that what could 
be the margin increase from the brands next year, but yeah, that is ongoing and there has been 
an increase of say 10-20 basis points, or sometimes slightly more than that on a year to year 
basis. 
Venugopal Nair: 
Also, just to add to what Karuna said, there are two other levers which help us. One is by jointly 
looking at and working with our brand partners to reduce logistics costs, which can be a 
significant portions, I mean, if I give a specific example, with one of our large brand partners, 
what we did was to relook at our entire supply chain and by moving it to a warehouse based 
model. We have been able to increase our overall margin at the same time reduce the inventory. 
So, that is one lever. The other one is that we also are continuously looking at the performance 
of the brands within our stores, and brands that do not perform, we have the ability and flexibility 
to be able to replace them with better brands and as we bring in newer brands, we are also able 
to negotiate a higher margin with some of these and I mean Q2 of course, that common one 
which is a third one is also consistently working on better buying and hence lower discounting, 
better sell through and being able to sell at a full price is something that we pride ourselves in 
and are able buyers and merchandisers together are constantly looking at this to make sure that 
we are able to sell at a much higher full price and hence a much lower level of discounting that 
we need to do which leads to a final higher margin. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir last call you mentioned about slower pickup in some categories like ethnic and all. How has 
been the pickup during Q3. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Venugopal Nair: 
Indian wear has had a lower sales for a few quarters. However, in Q3, it picked up very sharply 
aided by the festive season of that we have in the normal quarter plus, as we mentioned the 
number of weddings which had got postponed, etc., coming back and obviously, all of these 
caters specifically to the ethnic wear and Indian wear and we saw a very-very sharp growth in 
both in the categories both across women's and men's. “Bandeya” which is our newly launched 
men's brand contributed to 5% of the total menswear sale. Similarly, in Indian wear our private 
labels of “Kashish”, “Stop” and “Haute Curry” contributed to nearly 50% of our overall sales 
and if I look at absolute growth that we saw in women's Indian wear, it was disproportionately 
higher than the rest of the category. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Binoy Jariwala from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Couple of questions for Karuna and one for you Venu, firstly, set on Karuna, can you give me 
the carry forward tax losses that are available to us as of date. 
Karunakaran M: 
It should be close to 350 to 400 crores Binoy. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Understood and by when do we expect this to go to be able to set off completely? 
Karunakaran M: 
See, we are I mean, we are working on the plans. So, in the next two to three years, we should 
be able to completely utilize these tax losses. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Understood. Last one is Omni channel OPEX that we plan to do about 40 crores in FY23. Will 
this be ongoing of at the rate of 40-50 crores a year or FY23 is the last year? 
Karunakaran M: 
So, we have spent 40 crores as of now, okay, and we expect the Omni share to increase from six 
to 10% over a period of time. So, if we want to increase Omni share to double digits, we have 
to continue to invest I do not think without investing you can get the 10 percentage. So, 40 crores 
is what has happened as of today, probably for the full year it will be higher than 40 crores which 
will be primarily in marketing and technology and if you ask me whether we will have it for next 
year, yeah, we will definitely have it for the next year also. 
Venugopal Nair:  
However, also just to add to what Karuna said important to note that when it comes to Omni, 
especially the technology investment, the most of our investment is OPEX than a CAPEX while 
so the benefits of the investment would last much longer and hence the absolute spent overall 
will start to taper down after a period, but currently we are in the investment phase there. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Understood and the last question, which is specifically for you Venu, you know, as you've 
reiterated on this call as well that we plan to double sales to about 7000 crores on the GAAP 
numbers over the next four or five years. This means that we are targeting, we should be targeting 
close to 20% sales CAGR for this period, right. When I look at the disclosure that you have made 
for retail area edition, in FY20 that amounts to roughly 7 odd percent of the total area. So, 20 
minus 7, 13% has to come from same store sales growth ballpark, right. So, first question is that 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
do you see the need to revisit the timelines and if not, then what is giving you the confidence of 
being able to deliver double digit same store sales growth over the next four to five years 
consistently. 
Venugopal Nair:  
So, Binoy couple of factors here, one, same stores sales, and as I touched upon, we expect it to 
be high single digit-low double digit is what we would expect, year-on-year. The second is the 
expansion that you have taken of new stores, we expect to add around 10 to 12 stores every year. 
So, it would be slightly higher than the 7% that we are factoring in because if I mean today, we 
have 86 stores and 10 stores on that is around 11 to 12 and appreciate that, even if you were to 
maintain that same trajectory, and the absolute percentage to the overall will taper out whether 
it will be broadly around 10% and the third factor is online growth, as we talked about 
extensively during the call, a big part of our expansion or growth will also come from online 
sales and digital sales. So, those three factors is what would help us and this was something 
which has been detailed out and we expect to be able to achieve that. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
I was actually saying retail area addition in terms of square footage. Sir in the presentation, you 
have mentioned that you plan to add roughly about point 3 million square feet in FY23 and we 
have a base of 4.2, 4.3 million square feet as of now. So, that is how I got the number of 6 to 
7%. But I understand. 
Venugopal Nair: 
It should be taken along with the statement that the productivity in these stores tend to be higher. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Venu. So, you know, when I look at the cost structure, you pretty much sorted now you are in 
the mode of expanding your retail are footprint as well. Right? So, all in all, this gives us the 
confidence in the business model, but when I look at the gross margin, you are operating on non-
GAAP basis you are operating at 32% to 33% gross margin and when you are operating at such 
thin margin, you know the flow through benefits that you have to the bottom line is limited as 
well right and you have a CAPEX plan of roughly about 100 crores a year which you want to 
fund it through internal accruals. So, do you feel that there is a need to improve upon your gross 
margin. This 200-basis points improvement on 3500 crore turnover, or 3000 crore turnover 
would mean a lot. Right. So, 100-200 basis points even would mean a lot. 
Venugopal Nair: 
Yes, so, I think first point absolutely agree. One of our key focus areas is to grow our overall 
margin and the tools that we need to do this is first and foremost, of course, private brands, which 
is obvious and also within private brands, it is the growth of the total sales, as well as the overall 
margins within private brand as well through better buying and lower discounting. That is the 
first one. The second one, we talked about Beauty and the growth of Private Brands in Beauty 
and also the mix of Beauty itself because the overall margin that we get tends to be high and the 
marginal increase also coming in from national brands and within national brands, Home as a 
specific category where we are making a sharp increase in the share of private brands within 
home. 
Binoy Jariwala: 
Understood. So, can I expect that the gross margin could look up to closer to 34 odd percent or 
do you think 32-33 is the steady state for the business? 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Karunakaran M:  
Binoy normally, we do not give any guidance for the gross margin, but as we are, in fact, both 
Venu and I have addressed separately, there are three or four levers where we are working on 
gross margins. One we are discussing with the brand. Second, Venu has probably been re-
iterated more than three times both our private brand and Beauty, the margins will increase so 
overall the mix of increase. Of course, in Omni the margins are lower. Possibly it will offset, but 
our plan is to increase the gross margins to the levels whatever you are saying about Binoy. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investments, please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Yeah, sir I would like to know about the sustainability of the growth in the current quarter and 
are there really one of like inventory adjustment and exceptional gains contributing to good 
numbers. 
Venugopal Nair:  
So, firstly, the growth that we saw in Q3 is based on strong consumer demand, based on the 
performance of each of our strategic pillars, as well as the core foundation of national brands 
that we have and each of this is on very firm footing and we expect this to be consistent and 
sustainable. Over and above that, the new areas where we are  growing into specially Omni 
channel and also in private brand and Beauty, these are areas where we have got a very high 
headroom for us to grow as we had detailed out earlier and given the investments that we are 
making into each of these areas, and also the strong offers that we have in terms for the customer, 
as well as the product portfolio that we are offering. It is something which will definitely sustain 
in the medium to long term. Lastly, I talked about the investment into data and this is something 
which we are going to double down on constantly going forward being moving and transforming 
ourselves into a data led business using AI and ML to be able to derive the benefits of the vast 
amount of data that is available with us. So, all of this makes it extremely sustainable going 
forward and we are very confident of the growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Venugopal Nair for closing comments. 
Venugopal Nair: 
Thank you very much. I would just like to, once again, thank everyone for their participation for 
the questions and the active engagement that we had. Just to summarize, once again, delighted 
with the strong quarter that we had and we are now demonstrating sustainable growth. This is a 
result of the strategy that we had put in place over the last 18 to 24 months and we are delighted 
that it is working very well. We have a strong team in place with able leadership for each of our 
key areas and as we continue to capitalize on the high loyalty and the great trust that our 
customers place in us, and on the Shoppers Stop brands, we expect to see good growth in the 
coming quarters. Thank you very much, everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much sir.  Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Shoppers Stop Limited. That 
concludes this conference. We thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
