 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
A Joint Venture with abrdn Investment Management Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2021-22/102                                                                   Date – January 31, 2022  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call Q3 FY22 conducted on January 24, 2022 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Q3 FY22 Earnings Call conducted after the meeting of the Board of 
Directors on January 24, 2022 which can also be accessed on the website of the Company at:  
https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
SLYVIA 
GREGORY 
FURTADO
Digitally signed by SLYVIA GREGORY 
FURTADO 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0132, 
pseudonym=d888f2fb059bed0c8f40d1
35908f84db5b634a4f69c28f4186c28e1
ea6b93c0b, postalCode=400103, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=c657741e7c20647b09c1
9a36b505d108588ea658a47cf934129c
d9fc4d51aa71, cn=SLYVIA GREGORY 
FURTADO 
Date: 2022.01.31 19:12:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited Q3 FY-
22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR (MD) 
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO) 
MR. PIYUSH SURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management team we have Mr. Navneet Munot – MD and 
CEO, Mr. Piyush Surana – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Simal 
Kanuga – Chief Investor Relations Officer. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Simal Kanuga, who will give us a brief following which we 
will proceed with the Q&A session. 
Thank you and over to you Mr. Simal.  
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks Neerav. Good evening everyone. And I hope all of you, your 
families are able to manage the Omicron or third wave, whatever name 
we call it by. Most of the people in our Company as of now are working 
from home. The transition to work from home once again has been 
smooth. Start with quick update on industry numbers. We’ve always 
spoken about the AUM and net flows, we thought it would be useful to 
throw some light on gross flows, especially on equity side of the 
business. For the first nine months of the current financial year gross 
flows into equity-oriented funds have added up to Rs. 4,273 billion. That 
is 33.3% of equity AUM at the start of the financial year. Net flows 
during the same period were Rs. 1,711 billion, that is 13% of the equity 
AUM at the start of the year. Equity oriented AUM at the end of 
December stands at Rs. 17.7 trillion up from Rs. 13 trillion at the start 
of the financial year.  
In the debt category, industry saw net outflows of Rs. 584 billion for 
nine months ended December 21 and Rs. 539 billion for the quarter 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
ended December 21. Liquid fund have seen net inflows of Rs. 359 
billion and Rs. 333 billion for nine months and the quarter ended 
December 21 respectively. We now move to us. We closed the quarter 
with an AUM of Rs. 4,367 billion and the average for the quarter was 
Rs. 4,471 billion with a split of 46:54 in equity to non-equity-oriented 
assets. We continue to service 98% of PIN codes across the country 
through our 227 branches and 1,207 employees. This would not have 
been possible without the efforts of our (+70,000) distribution partners. 
Our market share in overall AUM stands at 11.7% on QAAUM basis, 
and 12.9% if we exclude ETFs.  
On actively managed equity oriented AUM, our market share stands at 
11.6%, 14.6% on fixed income, and 14.8% in liquid AUM. All these 
numbers are based on quarterly average AUM. Individual investors are 
now 59.4% of our total AUM. 5.7 million unique investors have trusted 
us with their capital. For the month of December 21, we saw inflows of 
Rs. 11.9 billion across 3.44 million systematic transactions. We 
launched two new funds during the course of the quarter. One was multi-
cap fund and other an index fund called HDFC NIFTY Next 50 fund. 
The AUM of the multi-cap fund as of end of December stands at Rs. 
43.53 billion.  
Over the next few quarters, we propose to launch few more sectoral and 
thematic funds, index funds and also some ETFs. We are also exploring 
passive funds in fixed income space. 
We made an announcement in December of setting up a wholly owned 
subsidiary in IFSC that is that is GIFT City Gandhinagar. We will be 
launching multiple funds to cater to international investors through this 
Company. We hope to go live with this Company during the course of 
the upcoming financial year subject to regulatory approvals.  
We now move to Financials: 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
The overall financial performance of the Company during the quarter 
ended December 21 is similar to the corresponding quarter in December 
2020. The revenue from operations increase due to an increase in AUM 
as well as more remunerative mix, with higher percentage of equity 
AUM. However, this increase was tempered by a dilution in margins in 
some of the schemes. Other income for the quarter ended December 21 
is lower than the quarter ended December 20. The Company is in process 
of expanding its product bouquet, and consequently there is an increase 
in expenses on new fund offers. There has also been an increase in 
routine business development expenditure as the business moves 
towards normalization.  
In February of 2021 a grant of ESOPs was made to certain employees 
and the expense head employee benefit expenses include the pro-rata 
amortization of the fair value of these ESOPs as required under the 
IndAS accounting framework applicable to the Company. This is a non-
cash charge which is book value neutral. In third quarter of FY22. this 
non-cash charge amounted to Rs. 173 million. As communicated earlier, 
employee benefit expenses have increased as the Company resumed its 
practice of annual increments in employee remuneration this year after 
taking a break from the practice last year due to COVID 19 pandemic.  
This is Piyush’s last investor call as HDFC AMC’s CFO. He leaves us 
on 31st of Jan and Naozad Sirwalla takes over from him starting 1st of 
Feb. Naozad joined us in mid of December and has been working 
alongside Piyush for over a month. We also have Naozad on the call 
with us today. Naozad has over 26 years of experience and comes to us 
from Lupa Systems Investment Advisors. He has worked with KKR 
India for over six years. And prior to that with Kotak Group, including 
Kotak Investment Advisors for over 13 years. 
Thank you very much for listening, and we welcome your questions. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of the Dipanjan Ghosh from 
Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just two, three questions from my side. One, obviously on the yields if 
you see that, if I look at the quarterly average AUM and look at the 
equity mix, that has increased by around 600 to 1200 basis points over 
the past year-on-year and the yields broadly remained flat. So, if you 
could shed some light. My second question is, if I look at your sequential 
increase in investor account, versus your sequential increase in unique 
customers, there seems to be some dichotomy. So, is it because in most 
of the NFOs or in some of the new fund offerings probably the existing 
customer are contributing a higher share of incremental flows. And the 
third question, if I look at your market share for the individual segment, 
active equity individual segment and segregate it into channels wise 
direct and regular, probably the market share losses in the direct channel 
has been significantly higher be it in T30 or B30 compared to regular. 
So, if you can shed some light as to what is happening in some of the 
direct channels and or maybe the incremental gross flows to some of the 
digital channels, is there some pressure on that. That’s all from my side, 
thank you. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, first, on the margins, this is something that we have discussed many 
times over the past couple of quarters. The challenge on this front has 
actually got further magnified due to high gross sales in absolute terms 
as well as the percentage of outstanding equity AUM that the industry 
has seen. So, let me try and explain this to you with an example, so the 
size of equity oriented mutual fund industry is some 17 lakh crores or 
Rs.17 trillion. Gross monthly sales are around 50,000 to 60,000 crores. 
So, if you annualize that number the annual gross sales is 35% of 
industry AUM. While net sales is approximately half of gross sales 
which is like 17%, 18% of industry AUM or actually even lower. So, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
just qualifying that the numbers I’m talking are purely illustrative and 
nothing else. See industry as a whole is making 70 basis points or so on 
equity-oriented AUM and 30 to 40 basis points on new flows and net 
sales over the next two years is let’s say 25,000 crores a month that is 
roughly 6 lakh crores over these two years. So, what will happen to 
margins. Assuming no mark to market gain, AUM will go up to 23 lakh 
crores or Rs.23 trillion, but this AUM will have new flows of 12 lakh 
crores and 11 lakh crores of old AUM that will be the breakup of the 
new 23 lakh crore number two years later. So, industry will roughly have 
50% allocation each from new and old assets. I repeat, just to qualify 
that the numbers I’m talking are like purely illustrative and nothing else 
to explain the thing and I’m probably oversimplifying things here, but 
this is the best way to explain what’s happening. So, it would be 
pertinent to note that lower gross flows or for that matter higher net 
flows as a percentage of gross flows can alter the situation totally or for 
that matter rapid rise in the market, coupled with lower gross flows can 
also make margins look very different. The good news is, industry is 
realizing and pricing products better. What we saw happening with some 
of the NFOs in the recent past, is now getting better. Our past experience 
over the last several years says that far way out of normal pricing can’t 
last forever. In fact, I would say that actually high distribution cost will 
ultimately hurt distributor the maximum because direct lines will 
become cheap and migration from distributor folios to direct folios may 
happen at a much faster pace. So, I guess, key distribution partners are 
realizing this phenomenon. So, what is our strategy in times like this, so 
we want to balance between two extremes, and not keen to do business 
at any price. At the same time, we do want to not be away from all the 
action, we are doing much more on the other hand, to create the pull for 
our products via advertising, via communication, the new product 
launches that Simal talked about, in fact we have done six NFOs this 
year which would be more than what we would have done in last several 
years. What we have done in last nine months or so. And our interaction 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
including the knowledge flow, working on our let say the customer data 
platform, working on the partner integration through the API Gateway, 
marketing automation, or variety of other things that we can discuss.  
Again, coming back to the pricing pressure in the market, we have lived 
through the kind of times in past and look at what happened in 2007-08 
for that matter, let’s go back to even 99-2000. I’m not talking from 
market or valuation perspective, but the way mutual funds got sold, and 
as they say history does not repeat, but it does rhyme. And lastly we 
have all been hungry for growth and have actually paid for our growth. 
In fact, I would say about our industry that, we are now half a trillion-
dollar industry, I am talking of mutual fund industry in India, half a 
trillion dollar of AUM, but if we look at the profit pool it’s around a 
billion dollars of profits. I would like to believe that with more players 
getting listed, and some of the listed players with strict margin discipline 
will change the way we do our business and it’s just a matter of time is 
what I believe.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. On the second question, the difference between folios and unique 
customer account sequentially, looks a little bit different. So, is it that 
on the NFOs probably we are kind of getting a lot of the older customers 
are kind of getting the flows out there? 
Navneet Munot: 
Some bit on that account, some bit maybe some of the older may have 
booked some profit. So net-net the growth in folios as well as unique 
account is almost same, that observation is right.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. And lastly, one question if I see your market share for the retail 
and HNI segment in active equity and break it across channels regular 
and direct, be it T30 or B30. We have seen much higher moderation in 
the direct channel in terms of market share, compared to in the regular 
channel, specifically talking only for the retail and HNI active equity 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
segment. So, just wanted to get some perspective as to what is happening 
on those channels. And how do you think about it going ahead? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, direct also include FinTech as they are the RIAs and feed money 
into the direct line. And over the last couple of quarters, in fact very 
pronounced in this financial year so far as well as in the last financial 
year, not so much in the year before, they are growing at a rapid pace. 
And just let me give you some industry numbers here this is some broad 
estimates from the data that we have. The total AUM of theirs is around 
55,000 odd crores of which 40,000 odd crores is in equity-oriented 
funds. More relevant point is that FinTech as a group have registered 
over 6 million SIPs in the first nine months of the current financial year. 
So, this is a key distribution channel. And at our end, we are trying our 
best to integrate our platform with theirs. We have the partnership with 
all the key FinTechs, our teams are working on and building this further. 
But just to keep one thing in mind that some of the products which are 
getting sold there for example, One of the highest selling product on 
these platforms over the last few months has been technology funds a 
product that we don’t have. We have seen that over a period of time, it’s 
important that we have the right set of products for our customers. And 
majority of these FinTech customers are young and first time mutual 
fund investors. So, another big focus at our end has been on the investor 
education and investor awareness campaigns, et cetera. How do we 
ensure that we sell the right product to the right investors. And over a 
period of time, we also believe that our market share within these 
platforms should also go up compared to where we are today.  
Otherwise, in most of the other channels, we would be in line with the 
industry. Of course, you need to keep in mind that couple of bank 
sponsored AMCs have an advantage where they could be guided, or 
there could be a closed architecture when it comes to the products sold 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
by them. But if you adjust for that, then we would be in line with 
industry.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ansuman Deb from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ansuman Deb: 
My question was regarding our initiatives on the passive side, we have 
been taking some steps on that for the last two, three quarters. And you 
also mentioned some of them in your introductory comments, if you 
could give some more color in what is our strategy on the passive sides, 
both on ETF and alternate space and what portion of revenue, or what 
kind of business we can look from this segment maybe in some three to 
five years outlook. Thank you.  
Navneet Munot: 
So, on the passive side, we have been repeating it over the last couple of 
quarters that, at the outset I’m a strong believer in active management. 
And as an organization, we have stated this earlier and we’ll want to 
repeat that if it comes to it, we will be the last men standing in terms of 
active management, we will leave no stone unturned, we’ll put in all 
resources required, management bandwidth to sum it up, whatever 
required to create value for our customers. Having said that, there is a 
segment which is looking at options on the passive side, we have been 
filling up our product bouquet. For the last few months, we have done 
two index products, we have got approval for two more index funds, 
NIFTY 100 and NIFTY 100 Equal Weight that we’ll be launching soon. 
We’ve got approval for nine ETFs that we will be launching over the 
next several months. We are exploring the ETFs on the debt side as well. 
Silver ETF is another category where we would like to be present. So, 
there is a whole game plan in terms of filling our product bouquet on the 
passive side. And I would say that we would like to be a relevant player 
on the passive side and a dominant player on the active side simply 
because we also have to keep in mind the pricing and the margins on the 
passive side and won’t like to grow the AUM just for the sake of it. The 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
HDFC Group moorings in us won’t allow us to do that. But we want to 
ensure that we have the full product bouquet, we remain a one stop shop 
for all kinds of solutions, be it in the active space or in the passive space 
for our partners, for our investors and doing everything possible to get a 
relevant, I would say share, on the passive side as well.  
Ansuman Deb: 
Right, just one. So, basically, in terms of you are saying we will be 
relevant player, while I get that sense. But in terms of infrastructure, or 
in terms of employees all kinds of requirements we are all ready with 
that in terms of these new initiatives? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, absolutely. We have a fund manager who’s been a veteran in the 
passive space for a long time. Historically, maybe couple of years back 
this market was very small. Initially, it grew mainly because of the flows 
from the couple of institutions, which were a mandate to few AMCs. But 
as the market is expanding, we are looking at everything to ensure that 
across all channels as well as in all investor segments we have the right 
products in place. We have the right processes in place to reach out to 
all investors on the passive side as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Jain from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead.  
Aditya Jain: 
Thanks for that explanation on the impact of the NFOs. Just a follow up 
on that, so if we think of the impact of this on the financials, would you 
say that a lot of that is already in the AUM. So, the reason I say that is, 
as an example the multi cap fund was launched in the middle of 
December quarter. While there is a 4,300 crore AUM at the end of the 
period, maybe it’s share in the average AUM might be much lower. So, 
in that sense would you say the impact of this sort of pricing pressure 
it’s yet to come and could that lead to a drop in yield in 4Q onwards? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
Navneet Munot: 
It’s a matter of various things as I mentioned earlier, it will depend on 
the nature of gross flows as well as the net flows, how much gain comes 
from MTM versus the flows. So, all of those kinds of things, NFO’s 
have a certain kind of pricing pressure versus the existing fund. Within 
the existing funds, the margins are different for various funds. As well 
as I said, if the market grows, market delivers higher MTM gain versus 
the flows the picture would be slightly different. There has been highly 
competitive pricing on the NFOs over the last couple of quarters, which 
I talked about earlier. And we are hoping that over a period of time 
industry will realize that we need to have more discipline on that front. 
And that should happen sooner than later. But broadly just to, Aditya to 
make one point that, there is a difference between the margin that we 
have on the book versus the margin that we get when newer flows are 
coming in. And we need to keep in mind, and again when I say the new 
flows within that also NFOs versus the existing funds. So, we need to 
keep that in mind.  
Aditya Jain: 
Right. So, that’s what I was asking towards that the impact of the new 
flows could it make a difference in the next quarter. The second question 
from my side, if you could just talk about the yields on the sort of not 
purely passive, but things like the equal weighted index fund, which is 
not completely passive, but you could say some sort of layer on top of 
passive what kind of yield do these contribute? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Aditya on the TER of the equal weight direct plan is at 40 basis points 
so the yield would be somewhere around 30, 32, 33 basis points. 
Aditya Jain: 
Okay. So, somewhere between a passive and active equity? 
Simal Kanuga: 
If you say active equity, NFOs they are cheaper these days. But if you 
look at it this way, like the NIFTY 50 index fund we run direct plan at 
20 bps expense TER, while the equal weight is at 40. And the Nifty Next 
50 is at 30.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from 
CLSA India. Please go ahead. The next question is from the line of 
Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. Firstly, we have seen a lot of 
outflows from the debt segment of a overall for the industry. Could you 
cite some reasons for it, and how do you see the trajectory going ahead 
for this? And my second question will be on the expenses as to how do 
you see the expenses trajectory for HDFC AMC going ahead now with 
the kind of new NFO launches, also some bit more on employee 
wherein, where are the employee additions and how do you see that 
trajectory going ahead. So, these are my two questions.  
Navneet Munot: 
On the debt side, over a period of time as RBI takes away the excessive 
liquidity that got pumped in post COVID, that will reflect maybe a bit 
of like CAPEX starting at some point in time, the corporate money 
which is there may shrink and maybe some of the other instruments, for 
example, some bit of money may have moved to the debt ETFs, etc., 
from the actively managed funds. But otherwise, no larger trend that we 
can see on the fixed income side. In fact, at our end we are seeing 
incremental flows, of course it’s trickling in not very large into the credit 
risk fund as the risk appetite comes back and people are looking at the 
top notch players who did extremely well during the entire credit crisis 
period. So, we are seeing positive flows in that particular fund and few 
other funds, but broadly if you talk about the industry number, we have 
seen decline in the debt AUM. 
Your second question was on the overall trajectory in terms of people. 
So, we added our CTO, we will be adding more people on the 
technology side, on digital side, on product, marketing, some of those, 
but otherwise from an overall headcount perspective, it won’t have 
changed much within that as I said, some of these areas which are high 
focus areas for us, we would have seen people addition. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just coming back to the debt flow so in the past say like over the last 
decade or so, we would have seen this debt AUM growing at a decent 
10%, 12% CAGR, do you think that kind of trajectory unfold in the next 
few years as well? 
Navneet Munot: 
 So if I look at the overall size of bank deposits in India versus the debt 
mutual fund. And your observation is right, in fact that percentage hasn’t 
changed, the growth has been more or less in line or maybe slightly 
lower at times than even the growth on the bank deposit side. So, there 
is a long way to go. For the last few years, we have seen significant 
acceptance of equity as an asset class among the retail investors. The 
SIP flows that we see are primarily in equity fund or hybrid funds. But 
several of us have grown seeing recurring deposit as a product, which 
was also kind of an SIP in fixed income that’s a concept which hasn’t 
really taken off. But, for a set of investors that could also be an 
interesting product as an AMC we are also thinking of working on that. 
And I agree with you, in line with the overall deposit growth, that should 
be there, in fact should be higher than that because the mutual funds 
clearly provide a good and convenient diversified, highly transparent, I 
would say product on fixed income investing as well. So, there’s a lot of 
potential on the retail penetration of fixed income as a product category.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Sir, coming back to the expense part as well, if you look at our 
OPEX upon AUM, we are roughly around 12 in terms of that. So, do 
you think that you will maintain this or it can trend higher, we’ve been 
at 12 bps for the last three quarters or so do you think that this will grow 
higher or this will be at this level and the speed is dropping at the revenue 
level the EBITDA margins will decline? 
Piyush Surana: 
For some time it should probably remain at this level. Of course, here 
you would have to take into account the ESOP cost, which is at 1 bp, 
which that charge kind of whatever we have till now runs out in the next 
month. So, there’ll be a little bit of a dip because of that, but otherwise 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
we are also investing in other things like technology a little bit more on 
people here and there. So, roughly we should be there before it starts 
going down again.  
Prayesh Jain: 
When do you see this this trending down the three quarters, four quarter?  
Piyush Surana: 
Let say a year, a year and a half, probably two years. But we still need 
to, we are putting in a substantial amount of money in business 
development costs now.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Badjatya from 
Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead.  
Ritesh Badjatya: 
We have seen a good amount of in-flows across the industry past couple 
of years. And equity is accepted as an asset class as you also mentioned. 
I want to understand in our present situation, how do you face this 
deployment challenges because at one end Central Bank across the 
world is in the mode of rising interest rate to counter the inflation and 
that is having the implication on the fixed income market and also on 
the equity side. So, how do we mitigate this transformation time 
obviously, but how do you face the investors this time and how do you 
address their investors at this point of time? 
Navneet Munot: 
The investable universe is expanding at a faster pace than the money 
that’s been flowing to us, we are still a very small percentage of the 
overall free float market cap in India. If you compare us with let’s say 
some of the other developed markets, the total AUM available to invest 
in mutual funds in India is substantially lower. And, without taking 
names you would know better the kind of new players who have been 
getting listed over the next several quarters, the amount of new listings 
that one can talk about. So, we haven’t reached a stage where there is a 
lot of money chasing few stocks. In fact, as the rally gets broad based 
the investment universe is only expanding, in the existing universe as 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
well as the newer listings that are likely to happen over the next several 
quarters or other years in India. So, we have long way to go in terms of 
the capacity of the mutual fund industry to deploy money.  
Ritesh Badjatya: 
But sir if we look at last two, three year’s performance and we have also 
seen action is very much concentrated in a couple of stocks. So, does the 
industry take some more time or how do you see that? 
Navneet Munot: 
It’s actually changing so of course calendar year 2018, 19, 20 were the 
years where you are absolutely right couple of top stocks accounted for 
bulk of the market return. If you take the NIFTY the top five, seven 
stocks would have accounted for maybe anywhere between 70% to 
100% of the returns. But since last year, the rally is becoming more 
broad based. In fact, that is also reflecting in our performance and in our 
yearbook there’s a beautiful slide on that, that how active managers have 
done well in past whenever we have seen a more broad based rally and 
this time is no different the alpha generation across most of our schemes 
has been quite good and then last year, year and half rally is becoming 
broad based so that’s the point I made earlier, that investable universe is 
expanding rather than shrinking if that’s the fear. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Mohit Surana from CLSA 
India. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Surana: 
My first question is that obviously you said on an industrial level NFO 
flows are coming at lower profitability. So, my question to you is, will 
you not at some point in time increase the expense ratio on these points, 
because otherwise then it will lead to cannibalization within existing 
schemes? 
Navneet Munot: 
Expense ratio are at cap, it’s the function of the distribution call that has 
been paid in these NFOs and you’re right over a period of time as flows 
come in at a lower cost, as we see more discipline coming in in terms of 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
pricing obviously, I would say hopefully you will see better margins in 
these products as well.  
Mohit Surana: 
Understood sir. Sir the second is alternative strategy, obviously in the 
past you said that you are on drawing board. So, is there anything 
concrete coming out of there and what value will these kinds of 
alternative strategies bring to the Company?  
Navneet Munot: 
So, you’re right, in the last one or two calls we mentioned about plans 
to enter into alternatives and in the next financial year you will see us 
launching a product on the category II side. We have filed an application 
with SEBI for permission to launch a category III fund. Over a period of 
time we have ambition to build our presence on the alternative side as 
well. So, that’s very much on track. You would have heard about our 
plans to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in the GIFT City.  
Mohit Surana: 
Got it, sir. And any particular value you think that these strategies will 
bring to the table in terms of profitability in terms of bringing more 
investors, et cetera? 
Navneet Munot: 
These are early days and as I said that we have ambition to put up the 
whole platform over the next several years, but it’s like too early I would 
say to talk about the exact numbers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik from Mirae 
Asset Management. Please go ahead.  
Kartik Maira: 
I just want to understand if you can give me a ballpark figure on the 
yield on NFOs versus your existing funds? 
Navneet Munot: 
Different products would have different numbers. In fact, it’s all kind of 
you can say the direct TER of the funds of not only of us but the industry 
and can also look at the distributor plan versus the direct plan. And you 
can definitely kind of do the full scan.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.  
Sahej Mittal: 
So, my first question was around, I know you answered that but to better 
understand things given that NFOs are coming as very steep distributor 
commissions. So, what is our strategy, going forward could we see some 
revision over there by increasing our yields or how do we go about it 
and the second was around, if you could indicate some ballpark 
numbers, what the proportion of back book in our current AUM, current 
quarterly average AUM on the equity side to better understand what 
could be the pressure and the yields in the foreseeable future. And the 
third was around, are there any one offs in the other income given that 
we have seen some good returns on a sequential basis, so those were the 
three questions.  
Navneet Munot: 
So, again on the NFO side, on the core categories we only had one fund 
category left, that was multi cap the NFO that we did a few weeks back 
and last year in December we had dividend yield fund. Now our core 
categories is like almost full, there are few products that we have 
launched to fill our product gap on the international fund side. On the 
passive side thematic is one area where we have done BFSI fund, we 
have few more funds in the pipeline. But overall, we have been saying 
that our intention would be to grow as much if not more in our existing 
funds, having the performance has been looking up, we have one of the 
best-in-class product range across all categories, we have one of the best 
product lineup on the hybrid and solution side, where we believe there 
is tremendous potential for us to grow. Some of the other categories for 
example, focused equity which is like very small for us relative to the 
size of that category and Roshi will be managing that fund and she has 
a brilliant track record over the last decade or so, and there’s tremendous 
scope for us to grow, Large and Midcap is another category which Gopal 
is managing and there is huge scope for us to grow in that and on the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
like balance advantage or variety of other products where we have a lot 
of potential. So, while I talked about the overall margin pressure, 
because over the last few months financial year till date out of 1,70,000 
odd crores of equity flows. 40% or so have come through the NFOs but 
I would assume that over a period of time, incrementally higher amount 
of flows would be into the existing funds and the money which is raised 
in the NFOs and within the NFOs also we are hoping for I would say 
more better pricing going ahead. Does that answer your question? 
Sahej Mittal: 
Sir, but my question was around, can we see some mean reversion in the 
distributor commission given that these are at elevated levels, so is there 
a possibility over there? 
Navneet Munot: 
As I told you earlier that, distributors also understand that too high a 
payout in an NFO means much lower TER of the direct plan. And as 
Simal on a lighter note, but I would say on a serious note as well 
mentioned when somebody asked the question on the TER of the passive 
fund that some of the actively managed funds TER is lower than even 
the passive fund and you have to invest heavily as an organization to 
deliver alpha over a long period of time, and I’m sure investors and 
distributors would understand that the fund houses will have to be well 
compensated for that. So, we have seen these periods earlier and I’m 
sure over a period of time we will see mean reversion.  
Sahej Mittal: 
Got it. And the other bit was around what’s the opportunities of our 
AUM for constitute back book on the equity side?  
Simal Kanuga: 
We can’t give that Sahej, so we don’t give breakups so we just give the 
total AUM. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Some number to understand for next three, four quarters or we could do 
the envelope calculation to understand for how long this yield pressure 
can continue, if it is? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sahej, Navneet explained the yield pressure can continue if the gross 
flows in the industry are substantial or material part of the outstanding 
AUM. So, if that continues, we can look at gross flow numbers, because 
finally gross flow and net flows, what gets added to the AUM is net 
flows. But what kind of gets repriced is the gross flow number, but we 
can’t give that split. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Saraf from 
Jefferies India. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Saraf: 
So, many of my questions have been answered, I just wanted to 
understand some qualitative colors if you can give, on AUM market 
share which has been sliding and so if you can just give some 
understanding in terms of the end-to-end market share or the gross flow 
market share, and net flow market share where actually we are getting 
hurt. And also sir just one thing that we have also been trying to address 
this market share losses, and now it’s been almost around two years that 
we took some active steps towards that. However, it appears that the 
results have still not fallen in line. So, what according to you still needs 
to be done that we can start to rest back the market share especially in 
the equity AUM?  
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. We have in part discussed this at length, and we are aware of the 
reasons behind loss of market share. So, let me today spend some time 
on the AUM and net flow numbers category wise, then this should help 
in understanding how we go about analyzing market share and also the 
action plan at our end for way forward. And this process, I might tell 
you too many numbers and so do pardon me for that. So, let me start 
with some of the categories which have grown and have become quite 
large. Where our market share in these respective categories is 
something that we need to address. Just few minutes back I talked about 
the focus funds which are now like 95,000 crores nearly 5.5% of the 
industry AUM and our fund is less than 1,000 crores or so. So, we are 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
like 0.5% of our equity-oriented AUM and we have catch up to do there, 
Roshi is going to manage this fund now, she was managing Templeton’s 
focused fund which is among the best performing fund in the category. 
Our team is working on doing a re-launch of this fund, TR 
communication of our strategy and back it up with the information and 
the distribution which is required. So, we hope to grow our share in this 
category. I’m just giving you two or three examples so you can 
understand the things that we are doing at our end.  
We’ve also spoken about our miss, though by design on sectoral and 
thematic space. We strongly believe that market was not ready and more 
often than not risk is something that does not get enough due. But 
sectoral and thematic funds are now finding some space in investor’s 
portfolio. The AUM for the industry here is 1.47 lakh crores, as against 
let’s say at 84,000 odd crores as of December 20, largest contributor to 
this growth has been technology fund. And then we would like to believe 
that this is more to do with the recent performance than anything else. 
And our AUM in this entire space, the sectoral, thematic space is 4,000 
crores. In fact, within that the 2,200 crores came when we launched the 
banking and financial services fund, we have filed or in the process of 
filing couple of documents in this space with the regulator and we’ll be 
launching these funds over the next few quarters. Again, even at the cost 
of repeating which we have been saying over the last several calls that 
we will launch only those funds which we think have long term potential 
and are good investments as of launch date and not something that is just 
because its flavor of the season, HDFC AMC has never done that and 
we would like to be very, very conscious of that fact.  
Another category for example is large and midcap fund, we are at 5,000 
odd crores but our market share is shade under 5%, our performance is 
strong and we’ll be able to build on it, multi asset allocation fund for 
that matter the entire hybrid and solution bouquet that I talked about. We 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
are one of the best in class I would say product bouquet with the long-
term performance track record in that category and there is tremendous 
opportunity there. So, whether it be large cap, Flexi cap, mid cap, small 
cap, we are looking at each and every category, wherever there is scope 
for us to grow and won’t leave any stone unturned. Earlier, I talked about 
some of the other categories where there are more product launches 
likely to happen, for example on the international fund side, on the fund 
of fund side, et cetera. And I’m not talking about passive here we are 
talking about active funds because the market share loss is something 
that you asked about.  
In fact, one of the largest category to see flows has been dynamic asset 
allocation category or what’s known as balanced advantage, it’s seen 
(+50,000) crores net flows in these nine months, and 20,000 crores of 
that has been through NFO we have a top Tier performance across time 
period one year, two year, three year, four, five even longer in the 
category. In fact, over a 25-year period it’s one of the best performing 
fund in mutual fund industry in India. And I would request you to check 
out numbers for yourself and in our opinion, our thought process, our 
style for this category. If there is some misunderstanding in the way 
people bucket us we would like to address those. So, better times ahead, 
we have seen flows in Flexi cap and multi cap categories, because of 
some of the larger NFOs. We have reasonable share in these flows, 
because of our recently launched multi cap fund, but still there is huge 
scope for us to grow there. I can go on, so we are on the ball, as you 
would appreciate these things don’t change overnight, I would like to 
mention that we are doing everything possible and hopefully should see 
results sooner than later. Whether things on client services side, whether 
on increasing engagement with our distributors across all channels, 
engaging them through NFOs which also helps us in our multi cap NFO 
we saw participation of over 13,000 distributors, whether it’s the 
communication, more segmented, more targeted, whether enhancing our 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
digital platform, our customer analytics, providing both investors as well 
as our distributors newer modes of transacting with us. So, we are on the 
ball and hopefully that you should see the results as I said earlier sooner 
than later, including couple of other things that we are doing.  
But lastly, I would like to add one thing that as an organization we would 
always want to balance between market share and margins because we 
do not necessarily subscribe to the idea of doing business at any price. 
We are of the opinion that market share at any margin might not be the 
best idea. People respect us for that balancing over the last several years. 
And we would also like to believe that getting share at any price is not a 
sustainable strategy and hoping that industry will see rationalization at 
industry level sooner than later.  
Abhishek Saraf: 
Thanks Navneet very comprehensive response to that. Just one follow 
up, so does this imply that as you mentioned that in many funds our 
market share is low in many categories. So, we would be continuing with 
more NFOs would be expected in thematic and sectoral kind of funds. 
And so that would be a right assessment right. And secondly, you had 
mentioned that recently the NFOs pricing has been more favorable 
towards the manufacturers. So, you can just give some color on what 
was the earlier net TER which was accruing to the mutual funds and 
what would have been the recent experience?  
Navneet Munot: 
The pricing is not favorable to the manufacturers, but on the other point 
on the NFOs, as I told you earlier that on the core categories we are like 
almost we have presence across all categories. After the SEBI 
classification where the categorization of funds, we have presence in 
almost every category there are four categories, thematic funds, thematic 
or sector funds, international funds, passive funds and fund of funds. 
These are the four where we have some more work to do in terms of 
filling our product bouquet. But otherwise, on the core categories our 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
focus would be on enhancing market share that we deserve in each one 
of those categories.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a couple of more questions. So, when you say that the gross flow in 
the overall AUM increases, so basically we are talking about legacy 
assets versus new assets, any sense on HDFC AMC mix between say 
pre-TER norm change, in the last couple of years how this has changed?  
Simal Kanuga: 
Pre-TER you are saying, what was the AUM before on say 1st of April 
2019 that way?  
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, sir that way mix how that change from the legacy so let say in FY20 
what was the AUM on the pre-TER and today, what is the share of that?  
Simal Kanuga: 
We don’t have that break up.  
Prayesh Jain: 
That would be the impact that you will be talking about, when the new 
flows come in which are at much lower yield not just the NFO, but even 
in the existing schemes, when the older AUMs are going out of the 
system and the newer AUM is coming in the newer scheme as well that 
would also cause the impact right?  
Piyush Surana: 
Yes, so that’s what we’ve been talking about many quarters, in each 
quarter we kind of mentioned this and it’s a continuous process which is 
going on and that is one of the main factors which are leading to this 
dilution in margin.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And secondly, any color on what kind of age these alternate assets 
can make the scheme that you’re planning to launch and on a gross basis, 
and as well as on the net basis? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
Navneet Munot: 
So, alternatives is like a vast space, the way you think of likely to say 
what kind of a yield on a hedge fund, but there is an alternative strategy 
or there is another alternative strategy. Would be difficult to give any 
number at this stage, it depends on what kind of product segment, what 
kind of investor segment that we target over a period of time. So, you 
will hear more from us, maybe a few quarters down the line in terms of 
what we are doing in that space.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hiral Desai from 
Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Hiral Desai: 
Just had one question. So, to your comment, wherein you said that 
HDFC would always want to balance market share and profitability. So, 
as investors what is the one metric we would sort of look at for this to 
sort of play out. So, should we look at the operating margin, and is there 
a threshold below which you guys don’t want to go and let’s assume that 
pricing remains irrational for a while then sort of how do you guys think 
about it?  
Navneet Munot: 
As I mentioned a balance between the two. Over the last 21 years in this 
organization what we have always tried to balance is scale that’s 
important for us, quality that’s important for us, the quality of AUM, the 
quality of business that we do and profitability, and ensuring that we 
have a balance in all of these, not chasing scale at the cost of 
profitability. At the same time, not missing on opportunities which could 
from a strategic perspective could be important for us to be presenting, 
I mentioned earlier that we would like to remain a dominant player in 
active equity, active fixed income, active money market. But we would 
also like to have a relevant market share on the passive side, because 
there would be a segment of investors who are looking at those kind of 
products, and we have to have a one stop shop to provide all solutions 
to our investors. So, we’ll do a good balancing among all of these. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
Hiral Desai: 
Navneet, I appreciate that. So, as investors just wanted to know, is there 
a quantifiable outcome that we can focus on. So, I appreciate sort of the 
way you guys are approaching it. So just wanted to get some thoughts 
on that. So, like, is there a focus on a threshold OPM number, is there a 
threshold on maybe the profit number, so just wanted to get thoughts on 
that. Is there a quantifiable outcome that we can track? 
Navneet Munot: 
This is also the market structure as it evolves, a few years back that 
would have been a different number, because passives didn’t exist. A 
few years later it could be different because we will also have the 
alternatives at our end. So, it also has to be seen in the context of where 
the asset management industry is and where it has been and where it will 
be. All we are trying to ensure is that we have a scale in the business, we 
are a dominant player, wherever there is an opportunity in the asset 
management side or want to be a one stop shop to cater to all investors, 
whether if they are institutional investors, or the individual investors to 
ensure that we have a share across product categories to ensure that we 
have fair share across channels of distribution. And tomorrow if there 
are other alternative channels like FinTech that we talked about some 
time back or there are other channels to be present there, at the same 
time ensuring that we have best in class profitability. That’s how I would 
like to put it. 
Hiral Desai: 
Got it. And the other question was, on a nine-month basis since you 
don’t want to quantify the impact that NFO flows are having on the yield 
overall, can you just give us some sense, so on a nine month basis what 
is the kind of impact that some of these flows would have on the yield 
so would it be like a half basis, one basis point kind of impact on the 
yield, just the noise because of NFOs? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, just to clarify it became NFOs as an example, but it’s also the 
existing book versus the new flows and within the new flows again, 
margins are different in NFOs, versus the money that is coming into the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
existing fund. The fresh flows into existing funds come at a lower 
margin than what we are earning on the book and of course, NFO’s are 
the ones where the pricing pressure is more intense, or the competitive 
pressure is more intense. So, it’s a question of gross flows, net flows 
within the gross flows existing funds versus the new funds or within the 
existing funds also different products will have different kind of 
profitability. So, it’s a mix of all of those things. Just to clarify, not only 
pure NFOs. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Agarwal from 
Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Agarwal: 
Sir there are two questions that I wanted to ask. Sir first is around the 
PMS AUM, we have seen a decline on quarter-on-quarter basis. So, just 
wanted to know the reason for the same and how is the top line for the 
Company during the quarter has been impacted, that’s number one. And 
number two, I wanted to understand like excluding NFO what would be 
the component of NFO in our total expense. So, just wanted to 
understand on sustainable basis what would be the quarterly run rate for 
the operating expenses for the Company?  
Navneet Munot: 
So, on the PMS side, one large client book profits, and that’s reflected 
in the PMS AUM. And on the other side, we don’t really give that 
number in terms of the breakup of out flows NFO versus the other flows. 
You are asking about, Kaushik the cost part of it associated with NFO’s, 
right?  
Kaushik Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, the fund breakup of the operating expenses is not there. But it would 
be couple of crores.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
Kaushik Agarwal: 
Understood sir and sir just one last question on around this outlook 
regarding this PMS AUM, how do you see this book growing in medium 
to long term perspective?  
Piyush Surana: 
So, just to add on your earlier question in terms of expenses, if you look 
at the difference between the trailing quarter, that would be the 
incremental cost in NFO’s and some degree of business development. 
So, we don’t really give exact numbers, but that will give you a fair idea.  
Kaushik Agarwal: 
Sir just follow up on this PMS AUM your outlook over the period of 
time, how do you see this book growing for the Company and just 
wanted to understand what kind of yield are we making in this book? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, again, as I mentioned about alternatives, that included reviving our 
PMS business as well. And you will hear more on that front over the 
next few quarters what we are doing on the PMS. So, when I talked 
about the alternatives. Earlier, I mentioned about category two and 
category three funds, but that also includes what we do on the segregated 
accounts on the overall PMS. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Elara Capital PLC. Please go ahead.  
Madhukar Ladha: Question on the AUM, the average AUM is up about 5% 2Q while the 
AUM is up only about 1.2%. I know that there was mark to market 
impact in December especially. What should we read this more, is it 
more because of performance or did we lose some further market share 
and slow because December was a very strong and as active equities 
flows are concerned, so that’s my first question. The second question is, 
on other income this quarter again other income sort of spiked up, is 
there any one off, so that will be helpful. 
Piyush Surana: 
Hi, Madhukar. So, I’ll answer the other income first. And then Navneet 
will take the other one so, on the other income you know that we have 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
got a very large book of investments in our own debt mutual funds and 
the interest rates have varied. So, part of it is that and part of it is like 
you said, the one offs that we have. So, last year, we had some one offs 
and this quarter also there is some one offs because we have also got 
investments in other things besides this. So, there’s some MTM gain 
there. So, I wouldn’t take the number that we have this quarter as 
something which can be factored in every quarter. So, there is some one-
off there.  
Madhukar Ladha: And we quantify the one-off element? 
Piyush Surana: 
I don’t think we want to do that. But, if you look at the trailing quarter 
then you probably get a good idea of where it should be given, where 
interest rates were at that point in time. 
Navneet Munot: 
And the other question on the market share. So, you are right, you can 
see it in the investor presentation market share has come down and it’s 
a combination of a few things, including maybe slightly lower share in 
the inflows, the gross flows that I talked about earlier, that would have 
come to us relative to the market share we have overall in the equity 
segment. But, I’ve given the, I would say comprehensive answer in 
terms of the categories where we have the potential to grow, and some 
of the other things that we are doing as an organization to stem the fall 
in the market share.  
Madhukar Ladha: Right sir. Sir anything more that you’re doing on the performance side.  
Navneet Munot: 
Performance as I mentioned earlier, that if we look at the last one, two 
years, as the rally has become broad based when the markets were 
extremely polarized, and we had a certain view on the economy and 
markets versus the way markets have played out over the last one or two 
years, our performance has improved very, very significantly. Nothing 
much has changed in the portfolio, it’s just that we had a certain view 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
on the economy. And in sectors finally it has played out that way and in 
the very long run, we have one of the best performance track record. 
They still maybe if you look at three, five years it started improving and 
you will see that the improvement in performance over the last one, two 
years in couple of categories would start reflecting in the three, five 
years as well. While the longer-term performance, has been absolutely 
when I say longer term I’m talking about like 20, 25 years has been 
absolutely best in class. So, it’s in the right direction and we feel very 
confident that more and more investors, more and more distributors, all 
our partners would start noticing it and hopefully sooner than later, we 
would see that reflecting in the flows as well.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Saraf from 
Jefferies India. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Saraf: 
My question was answered, thanks a lot. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint we’ll take the 
last question. The next question is from the line of Devesh, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead.  
Devesh: 
Just a quick question Navneet from comments you made that our 
performance has been visible in terms of improvement trajectory from 
two, three years. A quick research as you were talking, and I took HDFC 
balanced advantage funds and I could see that many of the platforms we 
are rated as single star compared to other competition, which is on all 
time frames lesser returns on TR higher than us. Still, we are rated as 
single stars. I know, these are external properties and assets. But do you 
have a team who sort of tracks this reports, to sort of communicate to 
market. How do we sort of work around this?  
Navneet Munot: 
Absolutely, while of course the best part of our industry is that it’s 
extremely transparent, you get the daily NAV and there is a tremendous, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
I would say media scrutiny, there is tremendous scrutiny from lots of 
analysts across the board. And we get all of these rankings, ratings, and 
the commentaries from various experts. At our end, whether it’s the 
investment team, our product team, everybody keeps a very, very close 
track of that. And over a period of time, as I told you that the 
improvement in the performance that we have witnessed, and you talked 
about the balance advantage fund, and I would request you to look at 
this, to check out the numbers for yourself across all time periods, 1, 2, 
3, 4, 5, or even longer. it’s appearing right at the top, there’s a category 
which has got the highest amount of positive flows. And at our end, also, 
we are hopeful that as a performance gets noticed, and this fund has one 
of the longest track record in the industry as well. So, the investors and 
distributors notice that improvement in performance, I’m sure it should 
reflect inflows as well. 
Simal Kanuga: 
As far in terms of ratings what you mentioned, this generally happens 
with a lag. So, hopefully, those one and two stars should start going up 
in case of balance advantage. 
Devesh: 
Right. And just as follow up, do we have sort of communication with 
these platforms or we leave it to them for sort of reflect those changes 
on their own timelines, the reason I’m asking is direct retail advisors, 
they sort of research and probably get misguided by just looking at 
ratings and things like that? 
Navneet Munot: 
Exactly. You are absolutely right. So, two things, one is that of course 
these are independent agencies, we usually respect them. They are 
objective and of course one can argue with the different, how do I put it, 
there’s a different methodology but over a period of time all of them 
have, I would say the investor’s attention on those ratings. But on the 
second part is, the job at our end is to go and explain our investment 
style, our investment philosophy, our investment process, and the way 
team has been managing these funds, that there are cycles in market, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2022 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
there are cycles, one style of investing performs better versus the other 
time periods. And how should one investor or a distributor or an advisor 
should look at those funds across times, across market cycle in the job 
at our end and that’s what our product team, along with our investment 
team, along with our marketing team, that’s the job at our end. But we 
respect all the rating agencies who give an independent and objective 
rating. As you rightly said, investors look at that. Our job is to ensure 
that investors just don’t look at what happened in the recent past, but a 
more longer term track record as well as the philosophy with which these 
funds have been managed. 
Moderator:  
Thanks very much. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navneet 
Munot for closing comments.  
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you for attending this call and I wish you all good health, and a 
great year ahead.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
