I 
® 
Bodal Chemicals Ltd. 
COLOURS. INTEGRATION. INNOVATION. 
By online submission 
Sec/21-22/126 
Date: 18-02-2022 
To, 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Tower 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001. 
BSE CODE: 524370 
Dear Sir/Ma'am, 
To, 
The General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
NSECODE:BODALCHEM 
Sub: Transcript of "Bodal Chemicals Limited's Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Calin 
We enclosed the transcript of Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call with Investors and 
Analysts which was held on February 11, 2022. 
Kindly take the same in your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
Encl: As above 
HEAD OFFICE 
Plot No. 123-124, Phase-1, 
G.l.D.C, Vatva, Ahmedabad- 382 445.,
Gujarat, India.
www.bodal.com 
CINNo.: L24110GJ1986PLC009003 
Tel : +91 - 99099 50855 
+91 - 99099 50856
E-mail: info@bodal.com I 

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Bodal Chemicals Limited's Q3 FY'2022 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information 
should be verified with the company by the reader 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT S. PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. MAYUR B. PADHYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bodal Chemicals Limited Q3 FY'22 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involves 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistant during the conference call, please signal for an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Patel. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, everybody. I hope everyone is safe and healthy. On behalf 
of Bodal Chemicals Limited, I extend a very warm welcome to everyone for joining us on our 
call today. On this call we are joined by our CFO, Mr. Mayur Padhya and SGA, our investor 
relations advisor. I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the “Financial Results” and 
“Investor Presentation” which has been uploaded on the stock exchange and on our company's 
website. To begin with, I will give you a quick overview on the recent developments in the 
chemical industry & on our company and then Mr. Padhya will walk you through the financial 
performance for the quarter. 
During the quarter, prices of basic raw materials went up significantly, led by a surge in coal 
prices and lower supply from China. Recently, challenges around the international supply chain 
eased to some extent during the quarter, but freight cost continue to remain higher than usual. 
China seems to have recovered from its power and coal crisis, relieving the pressure on the 
international raw material supply to some extent.  The Indian textile sector is seeing a structural 
turnaround and Indian players have benefited on account of Chinese suppliers losing the market 
share. This in turn has elevated demand for the dyestuff in India. 
 
With over three decades of experience, Bodal Chemicals is India's largest integrated 
manufacturer of Dyestuff and Dye Intermediates.  In the domestic market, our market share have 
stood at 13% for Dyestuff business, 20% for Dye Intermediates business. In the global market, 
our market share stood at 3% for Dyestuff and 6% for Dye Intermediates business.  
In 
today's environment where Indian suppliers are emerging as preferred partners globally, we have 
been able to leverage our leadership position. We have meaningful capacity across various 
products to serve the demand of end-user industries. 
 
Basic chemicals such as Sulphuric Acid, ChloroSulfonic Acid, Oleum, Beta Napthol, 
Acetanilide and others which are used as key raw materials in the production of dye 
intermediates are part of our core product portfolio. 
 
We are expanding our product basket including Benzene Derivatives and Chlor-Alkali products 
which have applications in pharma, agrochemicals, paper and other industries. We are moving 
forward with a very focused mindset and adding additional capacity across multiple products.  

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
The Performance Overview of the Company: Consolidated total revenue for the  9MFY'22 stood 
at Rs.1,468 crores which is the highest  ever nine months performance  for the company. This 
growth was primarily driven by a better product mix and higher price realization. Rising end 
user demand and structural demand shifts as a result of global supply side tightness have also 
helped Indian manufacturers like us who operate on a large scale. This trend is also visible in 
our dyestuff business where we are not only developing a positive client relationship but also 
solidifying our reputation as a quality manufacturer in the global market. 
 
We will now touch upon each business vertical and its recent developments. Dyestuff: Its end 
applications include textiles, leather, paper and other dyestuff consuming industries have been 
doing very well during the last few quarters. The dyestuff business has grown significantly in  
9M FY'22 with revenue of Rs.512 crores compared to Rs.261 crores in the same period last year. 
All key products in the Dyestuff category have performed well as overall capacity utilization has 
moved northwards. With various sectoral tailwinds in the textiles sector, the prospects for the 
dyestuff business look bright going forward. 
 
Coming to the Dye Intermediates sector, Bodal is an integrated dyestuff manufacturer and we 
produce 25 dye intermediates products. And over 40% of these intermediates capacities 
captively consumed resulting in a significant cost advantage for our dyestuff products. Given 
the healthy prospect for Dyestuff, we strategically intend to move up the value chain increase, 
our captive consumption of dye intermediates and dyestuff. Other than captive consumption we 
also sell our dye intermediates in both domestic as well as global markets and we enjoy a leading 
position in the domestic market. 
 
During the quarter, this segment also witnessed a healthy trend. Prices of dye intermediates 
products such as H Acid and Vinyl Sulphone surged during the quarter reaching Rs.270 per Kg 
for Vinyl Sulphone and Rs.470 per Kg for H Acid. And the benefit of the same is reflected in 
Q3 FY'22 result. 
 
I am glad to share that we have commercialized Vinyl Sulphone’s capacity expansion to 6,000 
MTPA at our subsidiary, SPS Processors. Ramp up of this capacity will happen in coming 
quarters. 
 
Basic Chemicals Division: We manufacture range of basic chemicals like Sulphuric Acid, 
Chloro Sulfonic Acid, Oleum, Beta Napthol, Acetanilide which again help in terms of vertical 
integration for dye intermediates and help in improving the profitability of the company. Close 
to half of the basic chemicals capacity is captively consumed for dye intermediates production. 
Our overall basic chemicals segment contributed around 9% of our total revenue during this nine 
month period. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Chlor-Alkali business: In Q1 FY'22, we acquired our Rajpura Punjab unit from Mawana Sugars. 
This unit produces various Chlor-Alkali products like Caustic Soda, Stable Bleaching Powder, 
Hydrochloric Acid, Sodium Hypochlorite, Spent Sulphuric Acid, Chlorine, Hydrogen, etc., 
 
The Indian Chlor-Alkali industry witnessed strong tailwinds for the quarter and healthy demand 
for caustic soda, our key product in this unit. Caustic Soda prices were at an all-time high during 
October and continues to remain elevated. This unit works on a very old technology and we have 
earmarked a CAPEX for an upgrade which will help in increasing  caustic soda capacity to 
99,000 tons per annum from the current production of around 82,500tons per annum. This is a 
new segment for our business, hence year-on-year comparison is not possible. 
 
The Chlor-Alkali business reported a robust performance in this  9MFY'22  with revenue of 
Rs.180 crores driven by a healthy volume uptick and soaring caustic soda prices, we are 
confident that demand from FMCG, textiles, paper industries will be sustainable and we will be 
the reliable and preferred partner. At full capacity, we expect this unit to generate additional 
revenue of around Rs.300 crores at optimum levels with the EBITDA margins in the range of 
20% to 22%. 
 
Benzene Derivatives and Sulphuric Acid at Saykha. Our Saykha Greenfield project is in progress 
and we plan to have it commercialized by Q1 FY'24. Under benzene downstream products, we 
will be manufacturing products like MCB, PNCB, ONCB MNCB, DNCB, PNA, 2, 4 DNCB 
and MPDSA which are used in pharma, dye intermediates, specialty chemicals and 
agrochemicals. We should be able to sell these products to our existing basic chemicals clientele 
and partly will be used for our captive purpose. The capacity of sulfuric acid and derivatives will 
be 3,40,000 tons per annum which will include Sulfuric Acid, Oleum 23, Oleum 65, Liquid SO3, 
Chloro Sulfonic Acid, Liquid SO2, etc.,  
 
We will set up a four-step integrated product change which will lead to cost efficiency, better 
productivity and higher margins for the company. We expect this project to generate additional 
revenues of around Rs.550 crores at optimum utilization levels with EBITDA margins in a range 
of 15% to 18%. 33% of our total business came from exports, hence the increase in freight and 
transportation cost has increased our other expenses considerably. 
 
Some of the other developments: We are doing business in 45-plus countries and have a basket 
of 200-plus products. This diversification requires intense working capital resources for 
managing inventory of key raw materials and finished goods along with a large transit time for 
export markets. In event of supply chain tightness, we prefer to keep inventory and serve our 
customers requirement in less a timeframe. 
 
We have established various trading and marketing subsidiaries to create a stock point and 
penetrate the new geographies and clients. Our Turkey subsidiary, Sener Boya sales dispatches 
have improved meaningfully. Bodal China has also performed well and ended a 9MFY22  with 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
a PAT of Rs.2.4 crores. SPS also performed well with a significant growth in top line. In a 
medium to long term view these subsidiaries will penetrate the respective region and will bring 
meaningful business to our company. 
 
Our top three strategic objectives would be to ramp up our existing capacity, commercialize our 
Vinyl Sulphone capacity at Kosi unit and complete theRajpura project by Q3 FY'23, and  Saykha 
by Q1 FY'24. 
 
We have been moving up the value chain and working towards diversifying the business from 
our core dyestuff and dye intermediates business to other specialty chemical products like 
benzene derivatives and Chlor-Alkali products. 
 
The world is recognizing India as the world's emerging second largest manufacturing hub. And 
this will benefit all manufacturers, including chemical manufacturers. Many Indian chemical 
companies have benefited from the favorable opportunities in recent years. Furthermore, 
stringent restrictions and compliance inherently redirected demand to organized players like us. 
Indian chemical companies like us are poised for growth owing to increasing preference for a 
sustainable partner. 
Thank you and now I hand over the call to Mr. Mayur Padhya to walk you through the financial 
performance. 
Mayur Padhya: 
Good evening, everyone. Overall performance of the company has been healthy for the quarter 
gone by. Our operational facilities are running at the pre-COVID level now. This growth is 
driven by better price and product mix. 
 
As far as standalone performance is concerned, we did total revenue for Q3 FY'22 at Rs.514 
crores, a growth of 53% year-on-year basis, EBITDA stood at Rs.73 crores in Q3 FY'22 which 
is at the growth of 90% year-on-year basis, net profit for the quarter stood at Rs.42 crores, a 
growth of 84% year-on-year basis. 
Our standalone performance for 9M FY22 is as follows: Total revenue stood at Rs.1,343 crores, 
growth of 82% year-on-year basis, EBITDA stood at Rs.182 crores, growth of 265% on year-
over-year basis, net profit stood at Rs.101 crores, growth of 462% year-on-year basis. 
Consolidated performance is as below: Total revenue stood at Rs.568 crores for Q3 FY'22, 
growth of 52% year-on-year basis, EBITDA stood at Rs.56 crores for Q3 FY'22, growth of 23% 
year-on-year basis, net profit for the quarter stood at Rs.20 crores for Q3 FY'22, the de-growth 
of 26%. 
Turkish Lira has been volatile and has impacted our subsidiary Sener Boya and booked foreign 
exchange loss of around Rs.18.7 crores, impact of the same has already been incorporated in 
consolidated financials. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Our consolidated performance for  9M FY22 are as follows: Total revenue stood at Rs.1,468 
crores for 9M FY'22 against Rs.810 crores of  9M FY'21. This included export of 33% and 
domestic sales of 67%. EBITDA stood at Rs.162 crores in  9M FY'22 against Rs.56 crores of 
9M FY'21. Net profit for the  9M FY'22 stood at Rs.70 crores against Rs.18 crores of 9M FY'21. 
 
Nine months FY'22 performance of key subsidiary were healthy. SPS posted revenue of Rs.103 
crores, a growth of 47% on year-on-year basis. BCTPL subsidiary reported a revenue of Rs.6 
crores, Sener Boya has reported total income of Rs.70 crores, a growth of 26% on year-on-year 
basis. Total income from Chinese subsidiary was Rs.32 crores, growth of 175% on year-on-year 
basis. 
Segment-wise performance on consolidated basis for the  9M FY'22 are as follows: Dyestuff 
revenue stood at Rs.513 crores, a growth of 96% on year-on-year basis. Dye Intermediates 
revenue stood at Rs.522 crores, a growth of 42% on year-on-year basis. Basic Chemicals revenue 
stood at Rs.133 crores, a growth of 55%. Chlor-Alkali division and TCCA revenue stood at 
Rs.180 crores and Rs.24 crores respectively for  9M FY'22. 
Total production volume on standalone basis for 9M FY'22, Dyestuff reported 15,673 MT. Dye 
Intermediates reported 18,817 MT, Basic Chemicals reported 1,65,815 MT, Chlor-Alkali stood 
at 58,203 MT, of which caustic soda stood at 42,738 MT, TCCA stood at 1,270 MT. 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further question-answer. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-answer session. First question is from the 
line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
So, in other expense, how much is the freight cost in this quarter as compared to last quarter and 
in the similar quarter of the last financial year? Also, if you can highlight the quantum number 
increase on YoY basis? 
Mayur Padhya: 
I don't have the exact number at present, but increase in freight cost  is pass on to our customer. 
So, whenever we give a quote to customer, at that time we consider the present freight price and 
add in it . So, the freight cost increase has become part of our revenue, at the same time it is 
expense also. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, if you can tell me the average of the last four, five quarters and how much would that number 
be above the average, just a short ballpark idea if you can give like just want to understand how 
much increase is there in the exports? 
Mayur Padhya: 
It will be difficult for me to give such ballpark number. You can connect me separately and I'll 
definitely answer your question. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sure, sir. Second is on the Senar Boya subsidiary. If you can explain how does the business 
happen here, I mean, so do we just send the inventory to the subsidiary and if there is a currency 
depreciation, the impact will directly take it on the P&L, so how  the business  happens, because 
in this quarter we had seen an 18 crores of impairment, so since it is a marketing subsidiary, so 
we just send the inventory and because of that currency fluctuation, do we have to directly book 
it on the P&L, how is the thing which are happening here? 
Mayur Padhya: 
In Sener Boya, as you have mentioned, we supply adequate dyestuff over there and then it is 
distributed locally as well as it does export to nearby countries. So, when we acquired 80% of 
this company,  at that time volume was about 100 MT per month. Though there was  COVID, 
we have increased it by about 150% and last year's average volume was about 251 MT per 
month. Whenever there is increase in volume, there is an additional requirement of working 
capital, at the same time it is important to note  that over their industry practice of credit days is 
much higher than what is prevailing in India. Earlier it was about 8 to 12 months credit period. 
So, because of that fund blockage was  higher, and at the same time Sener Boya buy from   
Bodal(India) or some other supplier on credit terms. So, there is a credit of  about five to six 
months. So, when Sener Boya import on credit basis, so it has open creditors in dollar terms. So, 
when dollar versus lira fluctuation is there,  there is a loss. At the same time when they sell to 
local and when they recover in lira and use that fund for supply to importer,  loss is there. At the 
same time, Sener Boya has taken a loan of about 4.1 million from Bodal. So, because of 
accounting standard, we are required to pass entry of MTM losses. So, when we have given the 
loan, at that time currency rate was different and then depreciation was there. Because of  loan 
and trade credit which was open with Sener Boya this loss was there. Another thing, for your 
earlier question I could able to find out the value of freight and handling charges. There is an 
increase of about Rs.8 crores on quarter-on-quarter basis. Earlier it was about Rs.9 crores which 
has moved to about Rs.17 crores. 
Aditya Khetan: 
If you can highlight to this, in Sener Boya, you had said 100 MT Per Month was the start and 
that ramped up to around 250 MT Per Month . So, what is the current run rate now? 
Mayur Padhya: 
It is about in the same range; 250 to 275 MTPA. So, we are focusing at present to find out the 
solution for this FOREX loss and then we will ramp up   our sales over there. This is what we 
are presently focusing. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, on the SPS Processors part, we are witnessing an increase in revenue and that is definitely 
led by the Vinyl Sulphone plant operational, but on the bottom line, we are not seeing the profit 
despite increasing in the vinyl sulphone price, means it was a good time when your plant is 
ramping up and the prices of vinyl sulphone are also going up, but still that is not witnessed in 
the bottom line. So, if you can highlight what is the reason for it? And what is the loss for this 
quarter from SPS Processors, that figure if you can give? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Mayur Padhya: 
Vinyl Sulphone plant has started just in last week only. So, last quarter's performance, vinyl 
sulphone's contribution was not there, last year we did better top line because some stock was 
lying at the quarter-end 30th September. Before six months , H Acid prices were in the range of 
Rs 370 to Rs 400  which has moved to near Rs.485 to Rs.500. So, there is a increase  in raw 
material as well as finished goods prices. So, that's why there is an increase in turnover. And 
some stock which was lying at the quarter start, which we could sell, and that led to increase in 
turover. And profitability will definitely start now because last week we have started vinyl 
sulphone production. And if we may consider this month and next month for stabilization, then 
from April onwards, it will start giving effect s in bottom line and the top line. 
Aditya Khetan: 
On the demand side, if I get to know, so what you're saying that  the demand in the textiles has 
moved a bit and that has led to increased demand in the dyestuff and that change is linked to dye 
intermediates, so dye intermediates prices are also moving. So, just want to know is this a global 
phenomenon we are witnessing that demand has increased over the last quarter but this is 
particularly so linked to India only now or China on all these factors, India has benefited or this 
is a global phenomenon where we are witnessing the demand is going up, so this could sustain 
over the coming quarters. So, what is your view on this particularly on the demand side? 
Ankit Patel: 
 Dyestuff,  is always linked with the global demand because there is a parallel business that is  
compared to the domestic business. So, I would say that because  globally things have came 
back  to normalcy , I think overall consumption and overall demand of almost everything has 
increased, that is the reason there is good demand in the textiles sector in domestic as well as in 
international market. . 
Aditya Khetan: 
So, this demand that we are factoring is to continue because what I'm trying to understand now 
considering that the crude price has also moved to around $95 a barrel, how you see if suppose 
if it crosses a certain level considering $100, would you start to see the demand destruction to 
take place or you see this to continue going ahead also, what demand we are witnessing right 
now? 
Ankit Patel: 
We expect the demand to continue to be strong at least for another two to three quarters, because 
even in this recent COVID wave, we can see that countries are getting back to normal times and 
the European governments are  taking up the restrictions, though there are cases. So, now I think 
the  threat of COVID has really changed in this last couple of months where people are treating 
it like a normal illness. . So, because of that  the normal life,  will not be affected like it did a 
couple of times in past few quarters,  that should really help the overall business practice where 
the demand should continue and there should not be many hurdles to do the business globally. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique Stock Growth. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
This Turkish lira loss what we had last quarter, so is the currency fluctuation still going to 
damage it or how is the scenario right now? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Ankit Patel: 
At the close of the quarter, the US dollar to Turkish lira was around $13. Currently, it is at around 
$13.5. But we have already taken steps to avoid that in future. What we are doing is earlier we 
used to sell it on credit terms from Bodal Chemicals India to Sener Boya, Turkey, which we 
have stopped and plan to convert the entire business on an immediate payment basis. So, that 
amount is not exposed to any FOREX risk and locally the fund that we need to sell domestically 
in Turkey and surrounding countries where the credit period is quite long, we are taking a local 
Turkish working capital loans. We've already got a couple of loans and we are taking more and 
which we will be using to avoid again the funding that we used to do from India. So, within a 
couple of months, we are planning that this problem will be permanently eliminated.  
Moderator: 
Next question from the line of Isha Savla from Arya Securities. Please go ahead. 
Isha Savla: 
Do you pass on the inflationary pressure to customers immediately or with a lag effect? Can you 
provide us some insights on pricing strategy of our products? 
Ankit Patel: 
The pricing strategy depends more on supply/demand front because India and China compete in 
this space since many years. Dye Intermediates is where China is more dominating than India,  
where china has about 70%, 80% share. In reactive dyes, where the majority of the production 
comes from India, there India has about 50% of the market share globally and China and other 
countries have about 50%. China usually does not export dyestuff because again they are the 
largest consumer of dyestuff in the world. For dye intermediates,  they export and traditionally 
china used to export a lot and that is why the dye intermediates space in India used to be very 
volatile in terms of margin, but last few years because of these environmental issues in China, 
the aggressive growth has not come in China from last five to six years, and that is why the 
imports have come down and  there is a little consistency in the margins of dye intermediates 
and dyestuff players in India. And this inflation effect, we usually pass it on to the customers, 
for example, if our raw material prices  or   utility or   energy sources prices go up, then it is the 
same effect for all  and all these raw materials  also has global scale suppliers, for example, coal 
had gone up in India and China,  and similarly some of the raw materials that we have,  are used 
in China or in other countries also. So, because being this international supply chain,  everybody 
is able to pass it on to customers. 
Isha Savla: 
Sir, can you throw some light on the current scenario Chlor-Alkali business like what are the 
current price trend of the product and how global payers are doing, is there any major shortage 
in the global market? 
Ankit Patel: 
There is a shortage globally because last four months, there has been continuous export from 
Gujarat where  there are majority of Chlor-Alkali players . That is a sign because usually caustic 
soda export doesn't happen from India. Usually, there used to be some imports  coming from 
Middle East and some other countries. So, the situation has reversed and there is supply/demand 
gap  globally.  Energy prices are higher everywhere including China, India, US and Europe and 
the main raw material cost for Chlor-Alkali is energy i.e electricity. So, that is one reason.  

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Caustic soda goes into multiple sectors where overall manufacturing has gone up globally. This 
is one of the feed stock and that's why  the prices are remaining strong. Also, there's another 
factor which is the Olympics that is happening in Beijing at the moment, because of that some 
production have been affected in that region, that also plays a key role. That is likely to have 
some effect for another month or two but  post-April,  the Chlor-Alkali and caustic soda prices 
to remain strong for at least t one more year. Current rate is Rs.62 per Kg, it went  up to Rs.70 
per Kg  in the last two months., but post-April, it may come down a little but I feel that it will 
still remain in very strong margin levels. 
Isha Savla: 
Sir, did you onboard any new customers recently? Can you highlight client concentration like 
how much top five or top 10 customers contribute to our total business? 
Ankit Patel: 
   Basic chemicals caters to agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, overall different chemical 
companies. So, there we have wide variety of buyers and  we supply to all the leading pharma 
companies of India in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and in Gujarat area . We  supply to all the 
leading agrochemical  and different chemical companies of India, . We also supply to all the 
chemical companies also, mainly in the western part of the country. In dye intermediates, our 
customers are from dyestuff players where more sales happen domestically because there are 
many dyestuff manufacturers here, but also there are some MNCs which are present  like 
Huntsman  that is an American company, but they are manufacturing plants in China, India, etc., 
So, we supply to them. There are also some large players in  Eastern countries like Korea and 
Taiwan,  we export to those countries. Because of these changes in China's supply of 
intermediates, the situation has reversed in intermediates and there are some export opportunities 
of intermediates to China. There  are wide variety of customers domestically and internationally 
. In dyestuff, there are two models; one is B2B and B2C,  last five years we have been 
concentrating on B2C model a lot. That is the reason  we have continuously been opening depots 
and warehouses across India. We have appointed dealers and we have our own officers and 
depots also where we supply directly to the consumers,  we see a good growth there  and 
acquisition of Sener Boya in Turkey was one of the reasons why we wanted to enter. Turkey is 
the largest market for textiles. So, that is the reason  we bought a stake in that company to convert 
the business from B2B to B2C.  Dyestuff goes into MNC’s business also. MNCs earlier about 
10 -5   years ago, were very aggressive and they had a lot of share but larger companies like 
Bodal has been taking that share away from large MNCs. So, that transition has been happening 
since few years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gaurav Singh from Sarath Capital Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Singh: 
A couple of questions. On the caustic side, were you able to see the entire benefit of price rise 
in the last quarter or did you have outstanding quarter contracts that you had to service at the 
existing prices? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Ankit Patel: 
 There are  some long-term customers like IOC which is one of the customers in north India 
where we do contracts  and  HUL , but our volumes of those long-term customers are very less. 
So, our average prices for this particular quarter and even at the moment have been very strong. 
They've always been in the range of around Rs.45, Rs.46 per Kg. 
Gaurav Singh: 
That was for December quarter? 
Ankit Patel: 
For the December quarter it was between Rs.40 - Rs.45. Currently, it's slightly higher. 
Gaurav Singh: 
On an average basically till now for this quarter, right? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Could you talk about the loss at SPS Processors that we did last quarter gone by? 
Ankit Patel: 
I don't have the number, but, yes, there was a loss in few crores in the September quarter. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Like you've said that dye intermediates, there are actually now export opportunities to China 
instead of them sending it to India. And given the competitive intensity that reduced, would you 
say that the margins that you do right now in dyestuffs and dye intermediates of about 13% to 
15%, they're stable and we won't see increasing volatility that used to see in the last 10, 15 years? 
Ankit Patel: 
 We have been giving this guidance that our current business model is around 14%, 15% 
EBITDA because of our integration.  If we had a standalone business of dye intermediates or 
dyestuff, it could be a little different where dye intermediates could be a little higher but 
altogether it is around 14%, 15% which we have done this year. And with the addition of this 
Chlor-Alkali which is traditionally higher on the EBITDA side and also the sulphuric  acid and 
benzene derivatives which we are doing in Saykha, that is also about 18%, 20% EBITDA 
business.  For FY'25 when all this will have a full effect, we want to end up around 17% 18% 
blended EBITDA. But about 14%, 15% for our existing business right now, I think is very much 
sustainable. 
Gaurav Singh: 
This loss that we've had in Turkish subsidiary, sir, do we expect anything to happen this quarter 
as well given where we stand today? 
Ankit Patel: 
I'll give you the numbers of the December quarter. At the beginning of the quarter the US dollar 
to lira was  $8.8 and ended at $13. So, this depreciation had a large effect. And when the quarter 
started at $13 currently, it  was $13.5. If it remains around this then   it would be a verysmall 
effect. And going into the next quarter I think we should be able to eliminate this  issue.  Only 
for this quarter  it's not going to be any substantial amount. Already we are at mid-Feb, one and 
a half months has already gone by, so another one and a half month,  we are not looking at any 
big loss like we did in December quarter. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Gaurav Singh: 
As the prices of the intermediates and dyestuff have increased, probably the spreads has also 
increased for all of these, are they still strong as they were in the last quarter or have you seen 
them narrow down? 
Ankit Patel: 
They are  similar to the December quarter levels.  but again  some of the raw materials prices 
have also come down. We also had issue in the coal prices which has been slightly better, some 
of the raw materials also had shot up which have corrected,  we should be at  similar margins 
which we did in December quarter. 
Gaurav Singh: 
On your non-caustic business, what's the capacity utilization the company is running at? 
Ankit Patel: 
In intermediates, we are at  80%-plus. Dyestuff, at  70% which is good for us. Basic Chemicals, 
we are always at 90%, 95%. In Caustic, because it is an old plant and we are in the process of 
expanding and upgrading, at the current capacity we are  running at more than 90%. 
Gaurav Singh: 
In the dyestuff and dye intermediates, are you utilizing the entire capacity that you can or is there 
still some shortage? 
Ankit Patel: 
70%, 75% is the capacity available  because it is a batch type process plus there are changes 
because there are  different shades and  different colors,  So, that also takes a lot of time.  I would 
say 75% is a peak utilization on a long-term average. And in intermediates, it is around 80%. 
Gaurav Singh: 
And that's also something that you're doing already, right? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, that we are doing already. 
Gaurav Singh: 
So, basically in entire business including caustic and whatever is available, you are doing 100% 
capacity utilization, right? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Only the SPS Processors part which is to ramp up vinyl sulphone, outside that everything you're 
doing almost 100% capacity utilization? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, in the SPS, there is already one plant and we are adding one more plant.  When we add this 
one more plant, there is a good synergy of cost, it's going to reduce the cost of a particular plant. 
That is one of the reasons  we have set up this plant and  we have acquired the stake in that 
company because it had the required permissions to set up the second plant also. That is how 
vinyl sulphone and H Acid stands together because they internally use each other's effluents or 
some of the byproducts which reduces the cost for both prices. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Gaurav Singh: 
So, all your incremental CAPEX is basically coming on the caustic side where you are doing the 
modernization and the benzene side, there's nothing that we expect to do in the dyestuff and dye 
intermediates from here on? 
Ankit Patel: 
 No. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Going forward also, you don't intend on increasing the dyes business and you only want to do 
the benzene business so what's the strategy  going forward from there? 
Ankit Patel: 
In dyestuff, we are still not the largest player in India and we are still smaller compared to some 
of the giants of the world,  like Chinese players and all. So, in dyestuff,  we definitely see an 
opportunity where there can be some  Brownfield expansions possibility at our Baroda unit 
which will be much lower in a CAPEX  and . We are only using around 40%, 45% of our 
intermediates captively. So, the long term goal is  to increase our captive consumptions and set 
up more dyestuff facilities. But at the moment we have reached about 70% realization. So, I 
think that is a good number but currently our focus is  more on this benzene derivatives and 
sulphuric acid and caustic soda. But in dyestuff,  it makes sense for us to keep growing in that 
space. As and when we acquire the B2B and B2C share, I think we should keep adding more 
capacities. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Since there's not a lot of industry about the area that you are in north for caustic, so any plans to 
do forward integration as much chlorine consumed in-house? 
Ankit Patel: 
 We have a hydrochloric acid plant in north . There are two plants and it's a large setup. So, we 
are able to convert it into a captive HCL plant and sell because there's a decent market in the 
north. Also, there's a product called stable bleaching powder which  uses chlorine, that we have 
already doubled the capacity since the acquisition and there also we are planning to grow a little 
bit, because it is a Brownfield expansion i.e  within the same building.. Parallelly, we are  
exploring new opportunities. It's going to be our long-term business model where we will  set 
up chlorine consuming plants , because  that is the best business model possible in the Chlor-
Alkali industry. We  have new projects in mind, but at the moment we are committed to our 
Saykha Greenfield projects and then the expansion of the Punjab. So, once that is over  we can 
maintain our healthy debt ratios and then as and when we will take the decision, but we will  
grow more. 
Gaurav Singh: 
So, right now chlorine that you're selling is at negative prices? 
Ankit Patel: 
In last one and one and a half months there is some pressure on chlorine. Currently, the price in 
Punjab is around Rs.(-2.5), in Gujarat it is even worse because  we buy a lot of chlorine for a 
couple of our plants from there.  So, the price in Gujarat is around ex-plant for the manufacturers 
is around Rs.(-5) In north, it is a little more comfortable and it is at Rs.(-2.5). 
Gaurav Singh: 
How much chlorine are you selling outside not consuming inside in your plant? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Ankit Patel: 
 We sell about 70, 80 tons per day to the other consumers, but we also have five other chlorine 
consumers set up next to the plant where we sell via pipeline. So, traditionally that is the best 
way to sell chlorine and all these large companies here in Gujarat also have similar models where 
the smaller capacities are set up next to the larger chlor alkali plant. So, we already have that 
setup there. S We don't have to sell too much in the tonners which is high in costing and more 
hassle. We are already exploring some more companies who want to set up plants next to ours, 
that is also in the process, because when we expand we want to have pipeline buyers. 
Gaurav Singh: 
That would be CPW like kind of people, right? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah, so we have five CPW buyers right next to us. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Sir, I request that if you could solve this Turkish lira issue because it's disheartening but you did 
pretty well on the caustic side and all the profitability basically went down the drain in the 
Turkish lira? 
Ankit Patel: 
We are on it. I think it is just a matter of few days and we will make sure that this will not hurt 
us again. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prit Nagarsheth from Wealth Finvisor. Please go ahead. 
Prit Nagarsheth: 
Most of my questions are answered but last thing I want to know is what kind of guidance you 
have in place for this quarter and for the full year? 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
 Mr. Ankit Patel  has mentioned earlier , that the prices  of caustic soda,  dye intermediates and 
dyestuff were similar than what they were prevailing in the last quarter. So, we are expecting a 
kind of similar quarter this time.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aditya from SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Is there any shutdown planned in this Q4? 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
No, there is no planned shutdown in Q4. Last year we took shutdown in February, but at that 
time we didn't take in earlier November. So, this time we took maintainance shutdown in 
November itself. so there is no requirement to take any shutdown in fourth quarter. 
Aditya Khetan: 
On the dyestuff part, you have said to an earlier participant that we are at 75% to 80% in the 
peak utilization level. I just want to confirm it sir in FY'18 we had done around 92% utilization 
levels, thereafter we had taken a plan to expand from 17,000 to around 35,000 tons. So this 
35,000 tons you can operate on 75% peak utilization level? if this is so, are we able to get the 
return on capital employed with this low level of utilization levels? And primarily sir what is the 
reason for 75% taking as the peak utilization level? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
Dyestuff, I couldn’t recollect, but intermediates we have reached to that level. In Dyestuff, as 
Ankit bhai mentioned, it's a process, if we go on changing the product so it takes a longer time. 
But if we produce the similar color in the same plant on continuous basis, then we can increase 
the utilization. Say if we dedicate one plant for  black color, then there is no requirement of any 
time wastage and we can improve the  utilization. 
Ankit Patel: 
Also, the ROCE for this  expansion that we did  is not bad. The reason is that 17,000 to 35 000 
tons expansion happened in the same complex. So, initially the first phase that happened at 
Baroda was  in 2008 and then we had the clearance to set up more and we had already planned 
the second phase, so which happened in 2016-17. So, that 35,000  inFY'17 happened at a  less 
investment. And that is the reason I mentioned earlier that there is still some more opportunity 
where we can expand more into our dyestuff capacities, that can be  a new Greenfield plant that 
we can do  at  40, 50% cost. 
Aditya Khetan: 
So, is there any change of a strategy which we can look in the future like as far as that so. If we 
focus on a particular color, so we can increase the productivity and the utilization also. So, 
currently we are making multiple colors, so that is also leading to slow ramp up of the capacity. 
So, in the near future like we can focus on a single product, single color which will help us to 
reach peak utilization level? 
Ankit Patel: 
I think more than the peak utilization what is important for us is to gain more market share  by 
creating  a stronger brand.   This is more important because the bigger players are  enjoying  
having their own brand around for many years and so we are somewhere on the same track. So, 
I think increasing that 5% or 10% more utilization will not help us that much. It may reduce the 
cost by a little , but I think our focus is  more on gaining the market share and converting some 
of the business to a B2C model. 
Aditya Khetan: 
On the raw material prices, so which are the raw materials currently which are linked to crude 
and now with the rising crude prices, are you witnessing a similar trend and can we be able to 
pass on this crude prices rise? 
Ankit Patel: 
The raw materials that we buy are  not  linked with the crude price, they go up and down with 
the supply and demand scenario. That is what we have experienced.   when crude price was 
lower, but few months ago, when there was a sudden demand of almost everything, the prices 
of some of our raw materials were even higher. Now, the crude price has really gone up in this 
recent time, but the prices are either maintained or even some of the raw materials  prices have 
actually come down. So, the only two products where the prices are really high is one is sulphur 
and second is caustic soda . But they are again not linked with crude. I think sulphur price is 
increasing continuously since few months because of the large consumption and large demand 
coming from the agriculture sector. Because of this everything is getting back to normal. I think 
agriculture is short of all the supplies globally. And other things like coal also, this disruption 
happened because of this sudden disturbance in the routine supply which happens from 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Australia, Indonesia and some of the other areas. But like I said crude definitely has an effect, 
I'm sure the manufacturers of the crude-based products will definitely try to pass it on, but I think 
still it is in a controlling range, it's not really increased too much. I think their margins would 
still be good and I don't think that there will be any sharp increase in some of the raw materials 
that are linked to crude for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Mehta from Deep Financial. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Mehta: 
So, what I understood from the conversation on the call is that probably we are doing pretty 
much full capacity of what we have and we will still add on to some expansion in caustic and 
vinyl sulphone plant to be added and the benzene derivative. So, tactically we can be heading 
towards a Rs 2,500 crores kind of a top line in two years, is that a fair assumption or looking at 
the current prices, we can actually even do much better than that? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, for FY'23, if all the projects are streamlined and through a full utilization, then we can 
definitely do around 2,500 crores. And I think in FY'25, it can go as high as about 2,800 crores 
also depending again on the selling prices. 
Ravi Mehta: 
So, when is this benzene derivative plant going to come onstream? 
Ankit Patel: 
Because there are multiple plants and  there is a lot of synergy, there are four step integration, 
so the entire process of starting all the plants will happen in small phases, so it will take probably 
four months, five months to start all the plants once we start the first plant. So, we are targeting 
to start the first plant around January and I think around first quarter of next financial year, we 
should have all the plants running and we should be at some decent utilization in the first quarter. 
Ravi Mehta: 
And the EBITDA you mentioned can go to 17%, 18% on a blended basis as a total business? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, that is our target. To have a full effect of all these growth drivers in FY'24, with the top line 
reaching around 2,500, 2,800 levels and EBITDA at around 17%, 18% level. 
Ravi Mehta: 
I wanted to ask on the debt side. So, the debt is now I think around 350 crores levels. So, what 
can be the peak once you finish this CAPEX? 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
So, there can be about Rs.500 crores plus term debt what we are expecting by this project end 
and there can be another about Rs350 crores of working capital. So, it can go as high as Rs850 
to Rs.900 crores. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Which will be peak and then we should see the repayment from the cash flows? 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
Yes. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Ravi Mehta: 
You are not there in the benzene derivatives, what gives you confident you will be able to ramp 
up the plant and sell it or is it more of internal consumption? 
Ankit Patel: 
We do have a similar kind of processes which we do in in our existing business like in first plant 
of benzene derivatives is MCB where it is very, very similar to technology and process part is 
very similar to what we do already in thionyl chloride plant. Again, say, next part in benzene is 
a PNCB which is nitration. So, again we have been doing nitration since 2006 in our 
organization. Even again the third step is PNCB again it is a nitration and PNA and MPDS these 
two products we already have experience of manufacturing those. So, I think we are doing 
something new, yes, but it is not completely new to us. We are also taking technologies from 
global players. So, we are not doing something indigenous or something local, for the critical 
part we have tied up with technology providers where the orders have already been given. Some 
of the key equipments will be provided by them and also the know-how. So, that is why we are 
confident. I think that we should be able to install all these plants on time and also ramp up the 
capacities on time. And it is that particular sector is definitely going through a good gap of supply 
and demand. That is where the price is also very-very strong in last couple of years, because 
some large capacities that were stopped in China. Also, PNCB goes into Paracetamol. So, 
Paracetamol demand also has been very strong. So, there are many reasons why I think the sector 
is doing good and I think it's very much likely that particular sector will continue to do good. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Just one question was on the FOREX part. So, what we incurred was actual or a notional mark-
to- market if you can just clarify that? 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
Majority part is M2M, but if it remains in the same range, then it will become actual slowly and 
gradually. But if it recovers from say 13 to once again 11, 12, then there can be  a profit in the 
current quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is a follow-up from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique Stock Growth. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
What is the possibility of bad debts happening from the Turkish market? 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
There is almost nil possibility in Turkish market. Reason behind over there they normally gives 
a cheque. When we sell  for even six month credit, then at the time of sales, they deposit the 
cheque and over there as per their criminal law it is considered a very big issue if they dishonor 
the cheque. So, normally nobody would like to dishonor their cheque and that's why we are being  
re-assured that over there, there should not be any bad debts. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line Gaurav Singh from Sarath Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Singh: 
This dyes intermediates and dyestuff business, you've said that what you want to do going from 
here is to increase the brand presence in dye stuff. But if I were to look at your competitors and 
especially in the dye intermediates space the likes of Bhageria Industries or pure play dye 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
intermediates they have done margins of around 22% to 23% this quarter. So, isn't it more 
profitable to do dye intermediates rather than trying to scale more investments towards trying to 
get a branded play in dyestuff? 
Ankit Patel: 
Dye intermediates, because about six, seven years ago this issue happened in China and dye 
intermediates manufacturing is where the more environmental damage concerns are there 
because there are a lot of effluents and a lot of treatments are required. Dyestuff is comparatively 
easier. So, the disturbance happened in the supplies of dye intermediates. That is when I think 
this chemicals sector turnaround started. So, since then there have been many new companies 
because the H Acid prices used to be Rs.250, I think went up to like Rs.1,500. There was a good 
phase for two years where the prices were just very, very extraordinary in some of the dye 
intermediates. So, it attracted a lot of the investments, it attracted expansion of plants, it attracted 
new players in the industry. So, for example H Acid now there are so many plans, so it doesn't 
go beyond a particular margin range because anytime it goes into a good margin range, all the 
plants ramp up and others. Even there are a couple of plants which don't operate when the prices 
go below a certain price. Having already 20% of market share, if we add more and more 
capacities of dye intermediates, I think it will definitely affect our overall margin which we do 
with the current capacity utilization that we do. So, even if you talk about Bhageria, though they 
have been doing wonderfully well in this intermediates space, they have not really added more 
capacities or they have not really done any Greenfield project in the intermediates. If you look 
at other AksharChem which is again there in a couple of intermediates, they added H Acid but 
they have not further increased vinyl sulphone or H Acid capacity, even key industries has also 
been stagnant since like for a few years. Even Shree Pushkar, which is again present in few 
intermediates, they have also not increased. So, your question is valid but then I think we all feel 
that there is enough capacity already here. And we have this good opportunity of converting it 
more and confirming our sale of intermediates which we can convert into dyestuff and sell. So, 
we have another way to sell our intermediates thing directly with more and more market share, 
more production of dyestuff, we have a confirmed business where we can sell dyestuff also, 
where again I'm selling the same intermediates that I produce. 
Gaurav Singh: 
So, in a normal scenario where prices are not up and down, your dyestuff and dye intermediates 
business as a whole at optimum utilization what's the ROCE you get out of that business? 
Ankit Patel: 
Because in now last three, four years majority of the quarters have been normal. That big 
volatility stopped happening since I think three years now. With our business model with our 
product range with our integration of basic chemicals also and also single complex, we can do 
about 14%, 15%. But I don't think that is possible for everyone if they have a similar model. But 
we can definitely do around 14%, 15%. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Shouldn't it be higher since you've said that China's capacities are not being added, they're 
stagnant where they are, so incrementally going forward if there are no additional capacities 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
coming in China and textiles market is looking up, shouldn't that reflect in the ROCs of this 
business as well or do you feel like they're going to stay at this ballpark? 
Ankit Patel: 
I think they are going to remain around this much only because there has been continuously 
some expansions or smaller new units have come up every year since few years. So, that is still 
not letting margins go beyond a point. So, for example in H Acid, now any extraordinary margin 
I think will not happen for a long time because there are so many capacities. Similarly, some of 
the other intermediates are very small in terms of overall volumes. So, only H Acid and vinyl 
sulphone are the large products, all the other ones monthly numbers are very, very small. There's 
not too much of opportunities. 
Gaurav Singh: 
What's the ROC you're looking at in the benzene business? 
Ankit Patel: 
It is definitely better. Again, it is a Greenfield project, so there will be some cost involved there 
because Greenfield development I think it's going to have some extra cost, it's not just going to 
be planned cost. Because currently the competitors are doing somewhere in the range of around 
25% EBITDA levels, so we are not treating it like a 25% EBITDA but I think traditionally if I 
look at that five or seven year average it is definitely around 20%. So, that is what I am hoping 
for to have a normal supply/demand scenario and have a normal production at 18%-20% 
EBITDA. 
Gaurav Singh: 
Which would then mean that there should be no further capital deployment in the dyes and dye 
intermediates business and everything should mostly go towards others 
Ankit Patel: 
Exactly. Even in the sulphuric acid derivatives plant that we are doing, we are doing a couple of 
specialty derivatives there also, that also in last about five to seven years has been a very, very 
strong business for us but it doesn't reflect much because it's a small portion for us and also about 
50% is captive. But now with this commercial plant that we are setting up in Saykha GIDC 
which is again the hub of all these chemical industries at the moment and also the upcoming 
entire chemicals and agrochemicals growth is going to take place in this (PCPIR) 72:19 only. 
So, we are setting up a plant there and I think that is also going to generate a good top line and 
bottom line numbers for us. I won't be surprised if we do 20% of EBITDA there also.  
Gaurav Singh: 
Last question on this SPS Processors. You had problems around getting raw material to start this 
plant. Those problems are sorted now. You don't see that… 
Ankit Patel: 
Everything is sorted, the plant has already started without any problems, but it is the batch type 
of plant plus the synergy with the H acid plant. So, I think in one or two months’ time we should 
be able to cross 70% plus utilization of the capacity. 
Gaurav Singh: 
At that capacity utilization, what profits can we get from that plant from a quarterly point of 
view from SPS? It's been running in losses for quite some time since you acquired it. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Ankit Patel: 
SPS, I think with this full year effect, the turnover can be 100 crores plus from this new capacity. 
I think it will be little less than our Gujarat plant. The reason is that some of the raw materials 
we have to take from Gujarat or Maharashtra area. And also the consumer points are also here 
in Gujarat mainly for exports. So, that additional logistic burden is there because the plant is in 
north India, but I would say we can I think do around 12% to 14% EBITDA level range there. 
Once this plant is set up, there'll be some savings, know there are some raw materials we are 
buying from outside, we are spending a lot of money on that, which will be available at free cost 
you coming from this new plant. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
remarks. Over to you. 
Mayur B. Padhya: 
With this, I conclude the call and thank you everyone for joining today on this earning call. For 
more queries, you can contact us or SGA team, our investor relation advisor. We wish you all a 
good day and a happy weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Bodal 
Chemicals Limited, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
