Knowledge is wealth 
NEL/NSE/30/2022 
Date: 4th February, 2022 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
'G' Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East). Mumbai - 400051. 
Dear Sirs, 
Ref: Scrip Code - NAVNETEDUL 
Subject: Disclosure of transcript of Earning Call for quarter ended 31" December, 2021 held 
on 3'd February, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that the transcript of aforesaid Earning call held on 3'd 
February, 2022 to discuss the Financial Results for the quarter ended 31" December, 2021 is 
available on the website of the Company at www.navneet.com. 
You are requested to take note ofthe above. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR NAVNEET EDUCATION LIMITED 
AMip!! 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl.: as above 
NAVNEET EDUCATION LIMITED 
CIN : L22200MH1984PLC0340SS 
Navneet Bhavan, Bhavani Shankar Road, Near Shardashram Society, Dadar (W), Mumbai 400 028. India. 
Tel.: 02266626565 • email: nel@navneet.com • www.navneet.com . 
/ navneet.india 

NAVNEET EDUCATION Q3 FY22 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL  
3rd FEBRUARY 2022 
 
- 
Operator: 
- 
Ladies  and  gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Navneet Education Q3 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd.  As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode.  There will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * 
and 0 on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Jinesh Joshi from 
Prabhudas Lilladher.  Thank you and over to you sir. 
- 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi - Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd.: 
- 
Thanks Yashika.  On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, I welcome you all to the Q3 
FY22 earnings call of Navneet Education Limited.  We have with us the 
management represented by Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia - CFO, 
and Mr.  Roomy Mistry - Head IR.  I would now like to hand over the call to the 
management for opening remarks and then we can open the floor for Q&A.  
Thank you and over to you sir. 
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Thank you Jinesh.  This is Mr. Gala here.  So good morning ladies and 
gentlemen.  I welcome you to Q3 numbers to discuss the Q3 numbers of the 
company, but before I do that, first let me introduce a gentleman Mr. Sanjeev 
Shah who is also on the call right now known to the Gala family and Navneet 
Group for over 20 years and now he has been helping company build various 
EdTech strategies for the group.  A little bit on Sanjeev, after a long stint at Kotak 
Bank at a very senior level, Sanjeev joined Times of India Group Family Office at 
the strategy level where he was responsible to launch Bennett University and 
various EdTech businesses including TimesPro and overall now he has over 10 
years of experience in EdTech businesses.  He will present post my discussion 
on the standalone results; he will present all of us various EdTech strategies 
decided so far by the group and the company that will take in future.  I also 
introduce our new CFO, Mr. Kalpesh Dedhia who has joined us recently.  Little bit 
on Kalpesh, he has 23 years of experience with manufacturing companies and 
consulting businesses. 
- 
So with this introduction to two new members on this call from Navneet, now let 
me share and confirm broadly that schools across India and particularly in our 
Co-states have more or less opened.  Central and state government is very 
important have also realized that keeping schools shut is more harmful 

particularly for the student community.  The usage of books is not going to go 
away.  Online learning has not been effective or successful, but we agree 
simultaneously that digital in the schools will stay and grow going forward.  With 
these opening remarks I'm now very confident of a normal year for your company 
from next year.  Of course the improvement has already been witnessed in Q3 of 
the current year.  Keeping normal year in mind, your company has strongly 
started required activities including building inventory and marketing for the next 
academic year.  So this is the future though I spoke about, so now let me briefly 
talk about Q3 FY22 and nine months FY22.  As you all know that Q3, we had a 
growth of 85% in revenue and nine months -- for nine months it was 
approximately 28%.  I agree that these numbers are not yet comparable to FY20 
as we all know the status of schools opening in the first and second quarter.  With 
this now I will go business with business and briefly tell you what is the status. 
- 
First I'll talk about publishing business -- book publishing business, which is 
immediately after certain grades opened in both the states, we saw pent up 
demand for our digest category, workbook category, which contributes more than 
45% of publishing revenue, more or less did not happen in the current year.  The 
reason being schools reduced the curriculum and decided to teach core topics 
only to the students because of very limited period that they had.  And the third 
category, the last minute revision series, popularly all few of you may know it as 
21 Question Set, which normally happens in Q3 will probably happen in Q4 once 
respective government announces the physical public exam.  So on publishing 
what I am saying is that, this year of course we will be much better than the last 
year, but from next year management is very confident of a normal year now.  
Similarly on domestic stationery, the demand already came in, in Q3 and as I 
mentioned about the publishing business, we are very confident again here that 
business will be as normal as pre-pandemic. 
- 
Now on stationary exports.  You may recall that in my earlier calls I had 
mentioned that exports has come back to normal and more or less it will be 
normal in the current year itself.  Particularly, we are seeing -- for future I am now 
saying that we are witnessing strong inquiries not only from our existing 
customers, but also from our new customer -- from new customers.  The hopes 
are quite high that company will be able to grow continuously in exports of 
stationary and of course as you all know the margins in export stationary is much 
better than domestic stationary.  Overall we are very optimistic on the future 
growth.  I will little bit speak about our subsidiary now.  eSense, I will leave it on to 
Sanjeev who is going to briefly tell us about overall EdTech strategy and the 
status of the businesses.  So first I'll start with our subsidiary Indiannica.  I agree 
that in first three quarters, we saw losses in Indiannica, but as you all know that 
CBSE publishing or textbook publishing, Q4 is always the best quarter.  So with 
reopening of schools and the feedback received from the market, as well as our 
marketing teams, we will see normal Q4 of the current year and for the full year 
FY22, we are hopeful of EBITDA positive in the current year itself and from next 
year of course then we are going to see growth only. 

- 
Our other investment in K12 Techno; first I should mention here that company is 
in full growth plan.  From present 42 schools, which opened in 2122, it rather 
operated 21-22, 16 new schools have been already opened up for the next 
academic year taking total schools to 58 now.  Simultaneously, it has started 
marketing their products and services to other schools as well and the response 
has been very, very encouraging.  It means the company has entered into B2B 
segment apart from its own 58 school that it will operate, it will also -- it has also 
entered into B2B segment also and giving their product and services to other 
schools.  With this progress, I'm happy to announce an investment by a new 
investor in accompanying last quarter at a pre-money valuation of $300 million.  
No doubt our holding has reduced marginally due to this new investment.  Since it 
is an aggressive growth plan; both front as far as opening of more and more 
schools as well as entering B2B segment, profitability of the company will be 
impacted or is already infected, but the value of company has improved 
drastically.  So this is briefly about Navneet and my subsidiaries except the 
EdTech.  So now with this, this ends my discussion and view on Navneet’s 
standalone and console information.  We will be happy to answer all questions on 
this post discussion or presentation by Sanjeev Shah on EdTech.  So now, 
Sanjeev I request you to take it over please. 
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah - Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Thank you everybody.  The very important background to start this discussion 
with is, what is the Navneet Group thinking about EdTech and then of course as a 
very important point regarding the market competition and everything else.  Now 
when this business was being built -- the EdTech business was being built in the 
last few years, the approach was done like Sunil mentioned with very smart 
investments in for example K12 Techno, which has turned out to be a great 
financial investment and a very good learning ground also, but more importantly, I 
think the family has very clearly reached the conclusion that they need to move 
from being in the business of content and move publishing to getting into the 
business of education, which may or may not depend on book publishing and this 
very important strategic orientation has already happened within the family after 
which when we sat down to evaluate what we need to do in the digital 
opportunity.  We spent about two months going through all the options that are in 
the marketplace and we've arrived at a very simple structure internally to focus 
our efforts across the EdTech world.  So what we have now is a very clear SBU 
strategy.  We have a focus on the B2B segment, which is where the school will be 
a customer; that is the paying customer for us what we are calling SBU 1.  Then 
we have the second SBU, which is focused on the pre K B2C segment and this is 
an important feature for us because we believe that the pre K opportunity is 
something which is far more tempting and attractive from a long term perspective 
compared to the slightly more crowded higher than pre K segment, which is after 
the age of 8 -- from 8 to 15 and 16.  So we've decided to start the B2C journey in 
the pre K segment. 

- 
The third SBU is staffed with the responsibility of building the tutoring business 
and also focusing on partnerships.  So for that the objective is very clear.  We 
want to use Navneet’s immense heritage and network with schools to penetrate 
the B2B business first and that is critical for us because Navneet has been a 
respected partner of the school for decades and there is a huge comfort that the 
school has with the Navneet brand.  So we are in the process of putting in place 
integrated sales team between Navneet Education Limited and Navneet EdTech 
where Navneet education sales people will work jointly with the EdTech sales 
team to help the B2B business get registered with schools, which will deliver at 
the very base level and ERP platform to the school with LMS focus and the 
content for that LMS will come currently mostly from Navneet’s content history 
and the books that they have been publishing and over a period of time, as the 
B2B business moves into newer territories, it may also work with non Navneet 
publishers where the other publisher has a strength, say for example in the SSC 
curriculum and Navneet doesn't have a presence in that state, the B2B business 
will partner with publishers and develop an LMS, which is relevant for that state 
SSC curriculum.  So the B2B business is currently focused significantly on LMS 
and ERP, but the long term plan in SBU 1 is to develop a network of services, 
which the school anyway spends on and the idea is to offer a number of goods 
and services to the schools, which may happen through companies where we 
have invested or it will happen with partners who we believe can serve the results 
that the school expects.  So for example if a school is looking at sports as an 
important event in the student’s life, Navneet has made a strategic investment in 
SFA and we believe SFA is an excellent company to present to schools as a 
sports partner.  So the school will engage with SFA and the B2B business will be 
responsible for delivering that SFA experience to the schools from a sales 
support perspective where the execution will be managed by SFA.  Now I'm 
explaining this with the SFA example because we will have a number of 
partnerships in the next three to four quarters, which go beyond sports into 
subjects like test prep, things like English, the entire arts, and hobbies, which are 
all skills that students in schools need and schools are not equipped to deliver 
those services on their own.  So our SBU 1 will effectively be the supermarket for 
the school to access these services that is the main focus of SBU 1. 
- 
SBU 2 like I mentioned already will focus on pre K and we are launching our B2C 
business in that segment in the next three months with a physical plus digital 
experience for the child.  So we are going to launch the business with kids, which 
will have toys and tools for their child to learn better and we worked closely with 
psychologists to also make sure that the child is not exposed to only a digital 
experience.  So the second SBU will be the B2C focused SBU and like I said the 
third SBU is focused on tutoring and developing all the partnerships.  Now 
importantly these three SBUs all need to be consolidated under one legal entity, 
which will currently be 100% subsidiary of Navneet Education.  We are in the 
process of structuring this entire portfolio with the help of tax and legal experts to 
arrive at one entity, which will take charge of this EdTech Group.  We are also 
very conscious that this business will need to be funded over the next two to three 
years.  In some cases the funding they need to be aggressive because the 

market has already lot of well funded competitors.  So we are very careful about 
now committing more funds from Navneet at this stage.  We have in fact already 
committed and invested close to 200 crores in the existing EdTech portfolio of 
Navneet, but going forward the intention is in the next three to four quarters, we 
may access the private markets to fund EdTech business through this 
consolidated horizontal subsidiary of Navneet.  So the idea is to create very 
strong and robust business plans for the SBU.  We are in a way thankful that the 
market has already delivered a number of learning’s both successes and failures.  
Some companies have become museums and some companies have become 
trophies and I think there is immense learning for us from both these sets of 
companies.  We are very conscious of the fact that the market in EdTech has 
been developing very aggressively for the last five to six years and just from a 
time perspective it may seem that we are entering the market slightly later than 
most of the senior players in the industry, but given the huge under penetration of 
technology in education, we believe that this industry will give a growth 
opportunity to new and serious players for the next 10 to 15 years.  It will take a 
lot more effort and time with a lot of regulatory support for the market to reach a 
high level of maturity.  So we are currently very clear about the focus.  We are 
very conscious of the fact that we are dealing with very young and impressionable 
minds. 
- 
There is a very strong reason to be careful with the Navneet brand.  We don't 
want to get aggressive just because we can raise money and we can deploy it 
aggressively.  We are consciously looking to build on the Navneet brand, but 
there is another study, which we are undertaking to see whether we need to 
rebrand EdTech business slightly differently so that it connects with the younger 
audiences also.  So while the culture from Navneet and the respect that the 
Navneet brand has is very important.  The working culture in the EdTech group 
will need to be developed independently keeping in mind the new people that we 
are hiring.  So for example we have already moved the Bombay EdTech team 
into another office in central Bombay.  The tech team will be based in Bangalore.  
As we speak we are working with very senior headhunters to staff the B2B and 
B2C business with experienced professionals from existing EdTech companies 
and digital companies who will come on board with their experience because we 
do not want to underestimate the challenges of execution and we are very 
conscious of the fact that while the group has a strong pedigree in content and 
history, it doesn't have the competitive experience in EdTech today, which is 
important to respect and the only way we can reduce that risk is by hiring 
extremely seasoned professionals from the relevant experience, which will make 
this journey more predictable for us.  So from our perspective, that is a very 
important de-risking.  We are also very conscious of the compensation that needs 
to be paid to new people from the digital ecosystem.  We've already developed 
aggressive compensation packages. 
- 
We have an ESOP scheme which is currently under finalization to make sure that 
we attract and retain the right talent.  We are going to create an Advisory Board, 
which will help us think through the key decisions in the EdTech business from a 

long term perspective and we are very conscious also that some of the segments 
in EdTech are extremely well penetrated and well capitalized and those are 
segments in which we will not invest cash to build their business, but we will 
partner with existing players for the B2B vertical.  I think from an overall 
perspective, we are very conscious that this will take us anywhere from 6 to 8 
weeks to develop with a certain relevance in the market these are not short 
journeys.  These will be long journeys, but we have the benefit of a very well 
populated competitive set; like I said there are trophies and there are museums 
and we are doing our best to learn from both of them.  So this is a very long 
opening remark -- set of remarks from our side.  Happy to take questions if there 
is anything further that you'll want to ask. 
- 
Operator: 
- 
Thank you very much sir.  Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the 
question-and-answer session.  Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press 
‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchtone telephone.  If you wish to remove yourself the 
question queue, you may press '*’ and ‘2’.  Participants are requested to use 
handset while asking a question.  Anyone who has a question at this time, please 
press ‘*’ and 1 star one on your phone.  We have a first question from the line of 
Nagraj Chandrashekar from Laburnum Capital.  Please go ahead. 
- 
Mr. Nagraj Chandrashekar  - Laburnum Capital: 
- 
Hi.  Thanks for taking my question.  Congratulations on a strong center results in 
standalone business.  Just -- Mr. Shah I just wanted to understand the three 
SBUs, what sort of segments of students will we be going after specifically, will 
they be the state board, CBSE model school children, and that is the core 
advantage we have especially in Maharashtra and Gujarat with Navneet 
Publication Business, will we be going towards CBSE students, will be going 
towards a more elite CBSE students, some of those schools have their own 
element systems in place, some of their own classroom digital investments 
already done, some of the larger chains at least, so specifically what sort of 
schools will be we targeting and what sort of span do you foresee here going 
forward in the next two three years? 
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah - Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
So I'm very clear that we need to take huge advantage of the Navneet network at 
least for the first four to six quarters.  We will use the Navneet access in the 
school system and the Navneet content strengths which are largely like you 
mentioned Maharashtra and Gujarat State Board and CBSE.  So the intent is to 
develop the LMS, which is focusing on these states and the CBSE curriculum.  
Thankfully it is established beyond doubt that branded content is not really likely 
to be the differentiator in the long run.  It is how you treat the content.  It is how 
you embellish the content with digital assets and experiences to make the student 
get better outcomes.  So we are in fact moving very aggressively into building a 

system internally to focus on states, which have a good valet opportunity both in 
SSC and naturally CBSE, but then Navneet may not even have a presence and 
therefore for us the initial journey will be the Navneet footprint of content and 
schools, but in the next three to four quarters, we want to start exploring for the 
next academic year, which are the states where we need to go and work with 
other publishers, but the intention is very clearly to focus on SSC private and 
CBSE to begin with. 
- 
Mr. Nagraj Chandrashekar  - Laburnum Capital: 
- 
And what do you – you mentioned we have already spent 200 crores on private 
investments thus far I guess including SFA, what will be the standalone balance 
sheet investment post FY22 into days investments going forward and how much 
would -- how much would you look to raise within this? 
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah - Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
So the 200 crores, I should explain that.  The 200 crores is made up principally of 
K12 Techno, which is more than half of the KT.  The balance is divided between 
other investments, which there is a company called Genext, which we own 52% -- 
51.8%, which is a tutoring business and we have smaller investments in other 
STEM companies.  One is called Tinkerly and the other is called Be-Galileo.  So, 
this is a portfolio of investments.  In addition to this, the B2B business has been in 
existence for some time.  It is under the brand name of eSense and that entity 
has been around in this B2B space focusing on product and market expansion.  
So the balance is made up of the funding that went into eSense.  The SFA 
investment will be -- some part of the SFA investment is already included in the 
200.  The balance will happen in the next two quarters in and that will be over and 
above the 200 crores, which is SFA specifically.  The group is very conscious of 
the fact that these investments need to deliver returns to Navneet and obviously 
thanks to the stupendous performance of K12 Techno, where we had a strategic 
investor with a pretty respected -- respectful benchmark valuation.  The overall 
financial returns from this portfolio will be good, but our intent is not to build a 
portfolio of financial investments. 
- 
Our intent is to actually invest in building the three SBUs and for this we are in the 
process of finalizing the business plans.  We are not in a position to give any 
guidance today about the amount that we will raise, but we have to be very smart 
about the dilution and there are structures which will help establish dilution 
correlated to performance and things like that, which we will obviously discuss 
very carefully with potential investors in the next three to four quarters.  I am 
confident that we will have a pretty good, solid business plan to present to 
investors in the next two months, but we thought it is better not to go immediately 
to investors.  We would like to deliver -- at least the proof of concept has to be 
established with the B2C business.  We want to show the B2B tracking with the 
Navneet sales team.  So we want to have a conversation with investors may be 
closer to the end of this calendar and that's when we will be in a position to 

discuss what is the likely dilution in the EdTech group, but the EdTech group will 
capture the value of everything including K12 Techno, the other investments, 
eSense, and whatever else we're building.  So it'll be one entity, which will have a 
consolidated value representing all their tech interests of Navneet. 
- 
Mr. Nagraj Chandrashekar  - Laburnum Capital: 
- 
Understood.  Just one last question.  You mentioned Indiannica would get back to 
EBITDA break even this year, just a question on eSense sentence, should 
schools be -- schools reopening just mean a return to the 20 crores revenue run 
rate and break even EBITDA and should you be able to see that in FY23? 
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah - Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
So in eSense actually we will have a -- we are clear that the market penetration 
on the B2B platform will be higher this year because of the huge focus we had on 
product development.  We have -- we're trying to create if I can very loosely call it 
the octopus model where we want to have 5-6 very important touchpoints with 
this school, which the school is very happy to engage with and therefore we are 
trying to create a model where the school naturally will find it difficult to unbundle 
itself with the comfort that it has from the services that we are providing and that 
cannot happen only with the LMS, it has to happen as a package with all the 
other products and services.  I am at the same time confident that we will need to 
invest also in eSense because the platform will need to be robust enough to 
handle everything for example blackboard in the US is probably a good name to 
use in this conversation.  We are not trying to ape or become the blackboard of 
India, but the sheer scale and size at which some of these companies have been 
built are important learning’s for us.  Now do we want to get into fee management 
for this school, do we want to get into teacher training for the school, do we want 
to get into the entire student on-boarding process in the school.  A lot of these 
questions are what we are currently in the process of answering and finalizing for 
the business plan.  So I'm sure we will have more sign on from a school 
perspective for the B2B business, but I don't -- I can't predict at this point whether 
we will be EBITDA break even because of the new investments that we need to 
make. 
- 
Mr. Nagraj Chandrashekar  - Laburnum Capital: 
- 
Yes, thank you. 
- 
Operator: 
- 
Thank you.  We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Tandon from 
Bowhead India.  Please go ahead. 
- 
Mr. Abhishek Tandon – Bowhead India: 

- 
Hello sir.  Thank you for the opportunity.  Considering the loss of secondhand 
books over the last two years and increasing paper prices, is it fair to assume that 
publication revenue would be let's say 20%-30% higher than FY20? 
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Yeah.  So I agree that the usage of second books will definitely reduce going 
forward particularly in the next year when all the schools have reopened and 
therefore there will be additional demand for the books and I also agree that the 
paper prices have increased over last eight months or so and that all will be 
passed on to the end consumer.  So, overall I may not be able to tell you exact 
numbers.  This is little early, premature because let schools really settle, but it will 
be definitely better than FY20. 
- 
Mr. Abhishek Tandon – Bowhead India: 
- 
Okay.  Thank you sir.  Just one question, so when we look at the presentation, 
the YTD revenues for Indiannica in the Q3 presentation it comes out to be 
approximately 7.9 crores, while in Q2 presentation it was 11.19 crores? 
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
These revenues mean? 
- 
Mr. Abhishek Tandon – Bowhead India: 
- 
The revenue for Indiannica. 
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala - MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Yeah.  The unfortunate part in this business is that major revenue happens in Q4 
and Q1 later on, but thereafter in Q2 and Q3, we have sales return.  Because of 
the higher sales return, the revenue decreased and it is a phenomena every year.  
So overall in nine months, you will see little the dust reduction in number at the 
end of nine months versus at the end of six months, but Q4 will make up all this 
reduction in sales and therefore it will be always better to look at a total year 
numbers instead of just quarter numbers, but Q3 reduction is majorly or in nine 
months reduction over six months is majorly because of the sales return. 
- 
Mr. Abhishek Tandon – Bowhead India: 
- 
Okay. Have we already seen demand coming for the Indiannica products? 
Because it is a Q4 phenomenon and we are already up.  
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Yes. And therefore in my opening remarks, I said that my marketing team is very-
very confident about getting orders, no doubt. Those schools have recently 

reopened, schools are settling down. They have assured us that they do need all 
these books and of course they will need books. So, in the month of January-
February-March we will definitely see that orders are received. We are very 
confident about it.  
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
If I may just add a point Abhishek, while the school network is clearly getting 
activated for touch and feel experience, regulators are also extremely clear that 
they want kids to go back to school because they are worried about learning 
outcomes. So there is no doubt that the school system will move faster with 
opening up. One other important thing that has happened in the experience in the 
last two years of parents and teachers, I am saying teachers in schools in the 
same category; teachers, schools, and parents, is they have also found a huge 
value in the online experience. So, I think it would be a very brave parent who 
said, ‘I don't want any digital exposure on the learning for my child and I will only 
shift now full to the offline experience’. So every parent wants the child to go to 
school and to develop a lot more skills than just sitting in front of a screen. But it 
is, I think that there will be a lot of importance which parents will give to the good 
experiences they have had in the digital learning that they went through in the last 
two years. And of course, this is also a function about, are we talking about India, 
are we talking about urban India, are we talking about rural India, semi-urban 
India, wallet and all of that. So while the school system is getting activated, I think 
that online experiences in most cases have also been very encouraging for 
parents to keep that engagement with the online world. That is the additional 
point towards Sunil was saying.  
- 
Mr. Abhishek Tandon – Bowhead India: 
- 
Thank you so much for that.  
- 
Operator: 
- 
A reminder to the participants. If you have a question you may press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on 
your phone. The next question is on the line of Umang Shah from Sarath Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
- 
Mr. Umang Shah – Sarath Capital: 
- 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir the first question would be, what 
percentage of our company's publishing revenues would be coming from 
vernacular school? 
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
It will be from next year I am saying, though in the current year more was from 
English medium because English medium schools very little active more. But 

going forward in a normal year, 60% will come from vernacular and balance will 
be from English medium.  
- 
Mr. Umang Shah – Sarath Capital: 
- 
Right sir. Thank you for this. The reason for also asking this question is, these 
schools tend to have students that come from financial backgrounds that has not 
had access to digital education to a large extent. So when we are looking at 
expanding on business in ed-tech do you think… like what percentage of our 
schools would be able to even afford the solution that we plan to sell them? 
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
I know, I fully agree with your point and we are conscious about it. So our first all 
products, major of our products will be in English only, focusing as Sanjeev said 
SSE and CBCE schools. The subsequent penetration will be in vernacular once 
we understand that parents are ready to invest in this, that time only we will bring 
in, no doubt. But with whatever English products that we come out with, part of it 
we will try and bring that into vernacular also. So whichever schools can afford 
simultaneously, they can go for it. But we are not going to focus very heavy on 
vernacular right now. 
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Umang, just to add to what Sunil said, and I have also the benefit of having 
worked in a very large media group which is I think a very close surrogate to the 
education industry. The Wallet in the non-English world, actually is astounding. 
The sheer ability for a parent to spend money on discretionary items, which are 
triggered by smart communication, marketing and advertising have already been 
established. I mean, every single product in India is significantly marketed into 
Bharat as compared to India and I am just saying Bharat and India to explain 
English and non-English. I also believe that a lot of the digital experiences are not 
restricted to English. The adoption of internet and the time spent on internet 
across non-English speaking geographies is actually phenomenal. So it is a 
function of really what we can prioritize, like Sunil said. We don't want to be drop 
hand grenade everywhere and then hope that something works out. We want to 
really focus and establish our ability to deliver outcomes. So we just don't want to 
get things done. We have to make sure what we are doing is worth it and the 
experience of the customer is good enough for us to then think a bit more 
confidently for the next year, for beyond English. But a lot of that thinking will 
have to start soon. It can't happen…we may launch Hindi in the next academic 
year, but the thinking of that will have to start before December this year. So, 
there is a lot of product-tech content integration, which is reasonably different 
from English. So while the market access will be based on our execution in 
English, we need to start thinking and investing in skills. Like for us the important 
thing is to hire a Hindi team that thinks in Hindi, not thinks in Hindi and speaks in 
English. We want somebody who can understand the consumer better than the 

English speaking colleagues that we have. So we are actually being very careful. 
We are not going after those segments today. But I think the Wallet and the 
respect which the consumer is engaging today with brands is actually established 
way beyond doubt with the media, by the media industry.  
- 
Mr. Umang Shah – Sarath Capital: 
- 
Thank you for this insight sir. Sir, second question will be, it is a very good capital 
allocation point of view, our investment in K12 techno over the years, it has 
panned out really well. Sir what was the rationale of investing Rs. 75 crores for a 
14% stake in sports management company? Do we see the same kind of launch 
in your growth that K12 has seen?  
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
So, I think the important thing is first to understand the sports industry and the 
sports management business. So, I think across the country from every single 
state government, not every single, but let's say at least 15 state governments 
and the centre, both are extremely focused on pushing sports as an agenda for 
the development of the child. I don't think the focus is on winning more Olympic 
Gold medals alone and obviously Neeraj Chopras of the world are extremely 
encouraging for people to say, ‘yes, we can do it’ and I think there is a clear… 
starting from Abhinav Bhindra till now the amount of focus that has come with 
very-very important CSR initiatives to build the sporting industry is actually very 
notable. So we think the push from the state/central government is actually going 
to get bigger. The current budgetary allocations for sports this year also have only 
proved the point.  
- 
The school system is also now picking a leaf out of this and realizing that the 
motivations for the school is to one is, the actual development of the child. 
Physical activity beyond doubt establishes that a child's holistic development is 
far better than just becoming very intelligent in STEM, for example. The physical 
exposure is a big thing for schools. They want the child to become a better 
learner, they want the child to become a better human being, and this is done 
with the noble intention of making the child get an overall exposure. So schools 
are actually very keenly investing in sports exposure for their children. They want 
children to take part in table tennis tournaments, they want them to take part in 
football tournaments. Every school doesn’t have the infrastructure so, there are 
networks… there are companies already set up, which are doing infrastructure 
sharing. There are B2C apps available for people who want to play badminton 
game in South Bombay or in North Bombay, you can actually look for the 
badminton court and you will be allotted one hour on a badminton court just 
because you subscribed to an app. So, sports and sports infrastructure and 
sports management is actually becoming a huge movement across the country. It 
has a lot to do obviously with physical fitness also, but it has fundamentally a big 
ability to improve the holistic development of the child.  

- 
The second motivation for some schools maybe this year commerce associated 
with this; which means if you have a sports event, you have the ability of 
obviously giving the child and the parent a good experience. But at the same 
time, it has the ability to attract either sponsors, advertising brochures or even just 
participation fees, and that is the smaller motivation for lots of schools. So, the 
macro on sports and fitness is very-very clearly, it is not a cyclical phenomenon. It 
is a structural phenomenon. Most youth brands have also realized the advantage 
of having sports as a communication medium to improve sales. So, for us sports 
is a very important category to focus on with schools. Now, there were two ways 
we could have done this. One is we actually found a team that could do sports 
management and like we are building the Leapbridge business which is a B2C 
business, we sit and build a sports business. We actually developed that thinking 
with specialists and hire a team, and empower them, incentivize them, and they 
develop the sports business for us. But when we met SFA, we obviously spent, I 
think, a good maybe 2 to 3 months before we actually took the decision of making 
the investment. But we spent a lot of time understanding them and their 
preparedness to catch this macro theme on sports. We were convinced about the 
macro theme. None of that came just because we met SFA. I mean, anybody 
who is active in studying the education business will know that the ecosystem 
around education and schools definitely includes things like sports management. 
So for us SFA seem to have everything that you would want in a bunch of team 
members who understand sports, have the humility and the operational 
orientation to build out events and IP who are now continuously getting validated 
with approvals from state and central governments. And for us, therefore the 
intent was to build a long-term relationship with SFA, which we felt would have 
been better done with a financial investment as well.  
- 
Now the financial investment is a function of obviously what is the dynamic 
market from a valuation perspective, what is the competitive element out there 
and therefore there is a very important path to this journey, which is evaluating 
the numbers, the company's ability to deliver it, and obviously then from a future 
perspective, what will be the value of this financial stake in addition to the 
strategic benefits that will arise from this association. So at this point of time, we 
have not yet integrated SFA into our network with the B2B school system. We are 
in the process of establishing those channels between the two organizations. We 
want to train our B2B sales guys to talk about sports. We are not going to 
manage events, we are not going to execute the sports business, SFA will do 
that. But we are very clear that this sports opportunity for the school is too big, 
and we definitely want to be the preferred partner for the school when they think 
of anything in sports. So which is why we went and made the investment with 
SFA. We do have the customary rights on looking after the investment, we do 
have a Board seat, we have full access to management and team, they will be 
meeting us regularly with updates, they are involving us in all their strategic 
thinking. So at this point of time, we are extremely bullish about sports and SFA is 
going to be the tool for us to be relevant with the schools for that budget or the 
spend that the school wants to incur to make the child a better human being.  

- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Umang, added to what Sanjeev said. If you see NEP, NEP 2020 sports as a 
subject now has been made compulsory. So we know that each and every school 
will have to properly organize sports or teach sports, and therefore, in our 
bouquet if we fill this activity and offer to the school, we will have a great 
advantage. And finally be it schools or anywhere else in the country I think the 
end customer or end beneficiaries are the students, and if Navneet is associated 
with that community indirectly, I think it will help Navneet much better. 
- 
Mr. Umang Shah – Sarath Capital: 
- 
Correct sir. Very useful. Thank you so much. 
- 
Operator: 
- 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
- 
Mr. Aditya Sen – Robo Capital: 
- 
Good morning, sir. For the ed-tech part I would like to reconfirm one thing that is it 
restricted to Maharashtra and Gujarat states only in the initial stage? 
- 
 Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
No, it is not restricted only to Maharashtra and Gujarat. We will have 
Maharashtra, Gujarat and the CBSE curriculum, which will be taken to CBSE 
schools in the larger cities of India. So Maharashtra-Gujarat is clearly a strength 
for Navneet and we are already working with the Navneet team to establish the 
B2B business footprint. As we speak, we are actually collecting information about 
all the access that the Navneet group has to schools across the country. So, one 
of the other big things which we are building is a data culture in the ed-tech 
group. We are in the process of actually finalizing a very senior data engineer 
who will come on board and help build the data stacks to actually see where 
Navneet has been in a good relationship with the school for a number of years, 
and if they are not from Maharashtra and Gujarat it doesn't matter to us because 
in any case, the product is delivered online, the B2B experience is online. So, we 
are creating a sales team which will overlap with Navneet’s strengths at least for 
the first 3 to 4 quarters. But like I said, by the end of this calendar year, we will 
have a slightly more aggressive orientation on the B2B business which goes 
beyond the Nanvneet’s footprint. But it is very important for us to test the… make 
sure that our product and platform are working well, customer is happy, our entire 
internal system is on customer support, customer handling, solving queries, 
solving problems; all that is done in a very seamless and confident way, and we 
need to get all this done before we start thinking of non-Navneet footprint. But to 
begin with it will be the Navneet footprint, which includes CBSE.  

- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Aditya, I may add here that the first product that the, first product of course 
product eSense was already in the business, but the new product that we have 
just introduced, which includes assessment and LMS with content and that is 
focused towards CBSE, and that we have already started marketing. So it is apart 
from Maharashtra-Gujarat the CBSE marketing has already started by Navneet. 
So it will be not only two states.  
- 
Mr. Aditya Sen – Robo Capital: 
- 
Okay, that's good. I was asking this because there are many competitors who are 
already into this LMS thing, both listed and unlisted and they are expanding really 
fast, like we also have western the publisher, that is also expanding really fast.  
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Yeah we are aware of this fact. Finally, how we deliver the content and how it is 
useful to the schools will finally be the winners. So having understanding of the 
whole curriculum and the way it is taught in the school, that benefit Navneet has 
and therefore we are more confident that whatever product we will come out with 
will be accepted well in the market.  
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Aditya, I just want to double-click on this point regarding competition. So, there is 
a… it is a simple thesis that at least we have followed that competition helps the 
market understand the benefit of using a platform. So if there are three players 
out there, all are aggressively going after the same customer, obviously the better 
player will get the customer and may even retain from a renewal perspective. The 
advantage of having a slightly more, how can I say, I mean there is a difference 
between aggressive and rational, but having a competitive marketplace is good 
because your custome r does not need to be re-educated. He is already familiar 
with the product, and obviously we have to make sure that we differentiate both 
from a product perspective and even from a conduct perspective. So for us, it is 
useful that there is a market which is familiar with B2B, is familiar with B2C and 
this is not going to change. Every publisher in India who thinks like Navneet will 
have to also execute like Navneet and for us it is… already most of our large 
school publishers have already created some sort of LMS. There are LMS ERP 
businesses available where you can give your textbook and you will get back a 
PDF or you will get back a slightly modifying LMS.  
- 
So all this is happening, bundling of physical books with the digital version is 
already happening across the publishing business. But I think the differentiator 
will be how you use technology, how can we use VR, how we can use games, 
how we can create an involvement of the child in addition to the physical linked 
experience that he has. Because, Pythagoras theorem has been the same for the 
last, I don't know, 100 or 200 years, whenever it was announced. How you teach 

it can differentiate and that is what I think is going to be the game. There is no 
market segment which will not have competition. I mean, there is no way we can 
hope for a thinly… then the segment is probably not worth it, right, if there is no 
competitor. Then obviously that is a segment that even we will be very careful, if 
they were only one or two players. So, competition is in our opinion, it is a good 
thing because it has a lot more upside than downside that is how we look at 
competition. 
- 
Mr. Aditya Sen – Robo Capital: 
- 
Okay. And with such expansion plans at our hand, what levels of revenue and 
margins can we expect going forward? Because you are expanding too much in 
this ed-tech park, so I would like to know those figures or any forecast on the 
same.  
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Yeah so, Aditya no doubt it is a new activity or a new segment that everyone is 
trying to enter, including Navneet and we do realize now in my opening remarks, I 
did mention that online is not that successful with the reason that 95% of the 
student population do not have access to any online education. And frankly, 
whoever tried learning online or teaching online platform are not that very happy. 
But digital in the school will get used more and more and here therefore Navneet 
has to go after digital investment and digital business. Now, little early for us to 
comment on revenue numbers and margins. But overall since the education 
system will require the digital products and services, Navneet should be there by 
that way and we are also conscious of the fact that it will be used with the books 
only. It cannot be used independently, none of the things can be used 
independently. So in couple of quarters, we will have more clarity on this, but it is 
very important that Navneet focuses on digital. 
- 
Mr. Aditya Sen – Robo Capital: 
- 
Okay sir got it. Thanks a lot. 
- 
Operator: 
- 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead.  
- 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd.: 
- 
Yeah. I have a question for Sanjeev surrounding the ed-tech strategy. So if I look 
at SFA we are a minority partner. We have bought a 14% stake for Rs. 75 crores, 
which implicitly values SFA at about Rs. 500 plus crores. The quantum of 
investment is huge and we are a minority partner over here. Even if I take the 
example of a K-12 while the preliminary evaluation is about 300 million with the 
investment of a new partner coming in, over there too our stake is not very high. 

So given this buzz around ed-tech, do you think that in future, whatever 
investments we will make, we will try to be a majority partner so that the entire 
valuation upside is captured over here? Because see, being minority exit 
becomes difficult I mean, say if we have to look out for an exit, it might be 
difficulty and that can be the case with K-12. So I just want to know what are our 
thoughts on our future ed-tech investments and how do we plan to take it 
forward? 
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
So, I think it is important to understand that we are not going to build a portfolio of 
investments in ed-tech to support our ed-tech intent. We will be extremely 
selective on investments like I am just using Test Prep as an example for the B2B 
business, that is SBU-1 what we are calling SBU-1, which is where the school is 
the customer. It is proved beyond doubt that in the 8th, 9th, 10th there is a certain 
focus for careers, which is becoming more and more important for parents and 
therefore for schools. So the demand is clearly there. Now for us, it is important to 
think through Test Prep as a billed or partner option. Now, we are very clear that 
for Test Prep, we will not build the business, we will not invest. We will partner 
with a Test Prep company with whom we can talk to a school about offering test 
prep services. So our intent is not to create a portfolio of investments with or 
without minority or significant stakes. The intent is to really develop a portfolio of 
goods and services and I am saying goods because I think there is also an e-
commerce opportunity in the whole school universe, which is not tapped yet. But I 
think for the better of time, there is an opportunity to if, not if, but when we get to a 
significant size in terms of number of students, there is also a potential e-
commerce opportunity to be developed for the business, which we don't have on 
our radar for the first 4 to 6 quarters at least. But that is why I am saying goods 
and services.  
- 
We will not be in an investment zone for companies. We are very-very selective 
and opportunistic. I mean, while SFA has been done, we have a team of very 
good analysts that we have hired across the group where we are tracking all the 
deals that are coming to us even before SFA. In fact, after the K-12 techno 
investment was made and with Tinkerly and Be-Galileo on an average, every 10 
days to 2 weeks, we are being called in to study one potential investment 
opportunity. So we have a tracker where I think currently there are, I think if I am 
not mistaken, 30 or 35 deals which we have been referred to. Among the 30-35 
maybe we have studied 5 or 6 with a lot of details. The balance 30 I think we 
have politely declined to participate in the discussions. We haven't signed NDAs 
also, we don't even engage with the advisors because those segments are not 
relevant for us or the companies are not looking good enough for us. So we are 
not going about this business from an investment orientation. We really want to 
build the business carefully and use both Navneet’s capital and then investors’ 
capital. I mean, tomorrow when you have a private equity investor, it is the same 
equity return orientation that we will have. Even if Navneet has invested Rs. 200 

crores today, we have to be accountable to Navneet on what we do with that 
money and how the value of the ed-tech business grows.  
- 
So investments is not a strategy. I just wanted to clarify this because, the fact that 
we have made 3-4 investments, it is correct for people to presume that, okay, we 
will be making more investments. But that is not a strategy. It is going to be 
extremely selective, we are less likely to make more investments. We are likely to 
partner and do nice sound partnerships with people who can service our school 
customers.  
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
So Jinesh just one or two more clarity here, that SFA has raised 13 million. So, 3 
million has been invested by some other investors and therefore the valuation will 
of course change. And to specific to your answer, as Sanjeev said more 
association we believe could be had if we are together partnered with them. And 
mind well that for SFA, we have complete rights to offer sports management 
across all schools in India. So that right that we have that also will have 
tremendous value for Navneet to really go very-very fast and promote this. 
Finally, we are not going to own the company, that we are very sure about it, the 
areas where we do not have domain expertise. So we are not going to own the 
companies.  
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Jinesh, sorry. If I may add one more point to what Sunil just said. It is also not 
necessary for us to retain our stakes in these companies. So, if and when SFA 
goes for its next funding round, we will take a very simple look at the funding of 
that investment opportunity and then weigh that in favour of what we are building. 
Like if, for example, the Leapbridge business, which is our own B2C business, 
where we own the Leapbridge brand, it is an IP that we believe in strongly. The 
pre-K segment is very-very important for us. We might actually, at that point of 
time, take a decision that diluting our stake in an investee company in favour of 
the other investors is probably alright if we are able to deploy capital in favour of 
better return expectant assets like Leapbridge. So, because we are invested and 
we will own 14% does not mean that while we have pre-empty rights and all that, 
it is not necessary that we will retain our stakes in these companies. We don't 
know at this point, but the intent would obviously be to deploy capital towards the 
assets where there is more predictability and more control over the outcomes.  
- 
Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd.: 
- 
Sure. And in future, do we have any plans for fund rise, especially for ed-tech?  
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Yes, very clearly the business will need capital. There is no doubt about the 
funding requirements of the business and given that Navneet has already 

invested Rs. 200 crores plus a little more of SFA which needs to be put in the 
next two quarters, we will definitely need to capitalize the ed-tech business. So, 
which is why we said that we will develop a very articulate business plan for each 
of the SBUs in the next month or two. We are looking at taking this entire 
consolidated funding requirement of ed-tech to the Navneet Board in the next 2-3 
months. We want to have a discussion with the Navneet Board about what we 
want to do, the Navneet Board has been anyway continuously updated every 
quarter by Sunil and me and that the process that we have started in any case, 
we suspect we will need to do a fundraise by this calendar end, it will need to get 
done. And mind you, there is another potential, I am not suggesting that we are 
going to do it, but there is a potential encashment of some of your investments 
also. So for example, K-12 techno today is a $300 million valued company. Now 
we have to obviously be respectful and smart about all our decisions. But there is 
a potential treasury opportunity in creating that cash flow also for the ed-tech 
business. So, we have a lot of options on the fundraise, on the funding rather, not 
the fundraise. But we are very conscious that Navneet, we don't want to put the 
pressure on the Navneet balance sheet beyond the point in time. We want to be 
very respectful of the youth support that Navneet has given till now, and the sale 
and the content access that we have today in ed-tech is coming principally 
because of Navneet. We would have had to think very differently if this was not a 
Navneet group company, but our journey in ed-tech is getting slightly easier 
because of these two huge advantages that we have, slightly easier. It is not 
going to make us feel overconfident about what we are doing, but it will just get 
slightly easier because of the Navneet strength. So we don't want to put more 
pressure on Navneet as far as the funding is concerned. 
- 
 Mr. Jinesh Joshi – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt Ltd.: 
- 
Sure. Thank you so much.  
- 
Operator: 
- 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint, that was the last 
question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
their closing comments. 
- 
Mr. Sunil Gala – MD, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Yeah. So I thank everyone who have attended this conference call. I specially 
thank Jinesh Joshi of Prabhudas Lilladher to have arranged this call. If anyone of 
you has any questions later, you can connect to Roomy and we will try and 
answer each of your queries. Thank you.  
- 
Mr. Sanjeev Shah – Management, Navneet Education Ltd.: 
- 
Thank you everybody.  
- 
Mr. Roomy Mistry – Head IR, Navneet Education Ltd.: 

- 
Thank you everyone. 
- 
Operator: 
- 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
End of Transcript 
 
