Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
T: +91-40-40099999 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 info@tanla.com 
Tanla Technology Center 
 
 
 www.tanla.com 
Hi-tech city Road, Madhapur,  
 
 
 
Hyderabad, India - 500081 
CIN: L72200TG1995PLC021262 
 
January 28, 2022 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532790 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TANLA 
 
 
Dear Madam/Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Q3-FY21-22. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the Earnings Call 
for Q3 results of FY21-22 held on Monday, January 24, 2022, at 4:30 PM IST to 5:30 PM IST. 
 
The transcript is uploaded on the Company’s website as well on below link; 
 
https://www.tanla.com/media/announcement/ec_transcriptq3fy22.pdf 
 
Request you to take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tanla Platforms Limited 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 
Seshanuradha Chava 
Company Secretary 
ACS-15519 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
Tanla Platforms Limited 
Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 24, 2022 
 
Call Duration 
▪ 
61 minutes 
Management 
▪ 
Ritu Mehta - Head of Investor Relations 
▪ 
Uday Kumar Reddy - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
▪ 
Aravind Viswanathan - Chief Financial Officer 
▪ 
Deepak Goyal - Executive Director & Chief Business Officer 
Participants that asked 
the questions 
▪ 
Manish Poddar - Nippon India Mutual Fund 
▪ 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal - Choice International Limited 
▪ 
Tejas Shah - Unique StockPro 
▪ 
Amit Chandra - HDFC Securities 
▪ 
Anil Sarin - Centrum Broking Pvt. Limited 
▪ 
Balaji Subramanian - IIFL Securities Limited 
▪ 
Niral Gangar - Neev Investment & Management Advisors 
▪ 
Milind Karmarkar - Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking Private Limited 
▪ 
Rikshit Naredi - Naredi Investments 
▪ 
Nirmal Bari - Sameeksha Capital 
▪ 
Deepak Chaukhani - Trade Capital 
▪ 
Sharad Kohli - Investor 
▪ 
Kushagra Bhattar - Old Bridge Capital Management Pvt Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 19 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '22 Earnings 
Conference Call of Tanla Platforms Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta. Thank you and over to you. 
Ritu Mehta: 
Hello, everyone. I am Ritu Mehta, and I lead the Investor Relations for Tanla 
Platforms. On behalf of everyone at Tanla, I would like you to welcome to our 
Q3 earnings call. Joining with us today are Uday Reddy, our Founder, Chairman 
and CEO; Deepak Goyal, Executive Director and Chief Business Officer; and 
Aravind Viswanathan, our CFO. 
Uday Reddy, our Founder, Chairman and CEO will share perspectives on 
business imperatives and strategic progress made by Tanla. After his opening 
remarks, we will be happy to engage with participants and address their 
questions. Before I hand it over to Uday, let me draw your attention to the fact 
that today's discussion may feature statements that are forward-looking in 
nature. All statements, other than statements of historical facts could be deemed 
forward-looking in nature. Such statements are inherently subject to risks and 
uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. A detailed 
disclosure in this regard is mentioned in the Results Presentation that is 
uploaded on our website. Now over to Uday. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you, Ritu. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our 
earnings call. I wish you all a very, very Happy New Year. I hope you had a 
chance to read our results and also read my letter. I would like to cover certain 
important takeaways before we get into Q&A today. The first area is around 
margin expansion. 
This is a metric that I personally track most closely. Our gross margins have 
increased from 19.3% in Q3 FY '20 to 29.5% in Q3 FY '22 and this is something 
commendable. Most of the platform companies typically operate at a more than 
50% gross margin. Our platform business operates at a very high gross margin 
and contributes 23% of our total gross margin. Our aspiration is to shift our gross 
margin profile in line with global platform companies as we scale up our platform 
business led by Wisely. 
The second update is on Trubloq, our blockchain platform, which handles 88 
billion transactions in Q3 compared to 77 billion transactions in Q2, a growth of 
15%. In December alone, we handled 31 billion transactions with a daily average 
of 1 billion transactions. I don't think any blockchain platform globally has 
handled this level of scale on consistent basis. 
Going forward, we think content management will be the next big opportunity 
here. This will scale up in the next six months and we're all well placed to 
capitalize on this opportunity. The third update is on Wisely, this has been a 
good quarter for Wisely as you know, we signed an exclusive multi-year 
partnership with Vodafone Idea and I think this is one of the largest deals in the 

 
Page 3 of 19 
CPaaS industry globally. We will go beta live in February, and our commercial 
launch will be on 1st of March. 
This is the moment of truth for Wisely. Within 60 days post go live, we will come 
out with case studies on how Wisely has helped global enterprises and VIL. This 
will provide us an opportunity to showcase Wisely to global enterprises and 
global Telcos and set us on our way for our global expansion. I had talked about 
two exclusive partnerships in Wisely last time. Our other exclusive partnership 
is in the beta phase and has taken a bit longer than expected as we are doing 
extensive testing. We are very excited by the potential of this partnership and 
excited to announce this in February. 
Partnership is very integral to our strategy around Wisely, we will force multiply 
Wisely with a strong industry and partner ecosystem, the ecosystem is going to 
become more strategic and more powerful and I'm personally driving this. Let 
me reiterate what I have told before. We are not here to acquire any companies 
for numbers or we are not here to raise any capital. We are here to build a strong 
sustainable business by investing in platforms and solutions. 
We are probably the only CPaaS player globally who have not made any 
acquisitions in the last 24 months. We're open to look at small bolt-on 
acquisitions, which will complement our Wisely platform, we have not raised any 
capital post our public offering and built our business through our internal 
approvals. Our capital allocation will be focused on platforms and products, 
brand, talent, and customer success. 
We'll be very disciplined on this. We have targeted approach with focus on large 
opportunities, and our investments are directed towards building products to 
expand our total addressable market, the GTM investments around strategic 
customers, brands, and investments in best-in-class talent. I'm very excited by 
the opportunity I see in front of me, we have set a high-powered team to 
maximize the opportunity in front of us. I firmly believe the coming year will be 
the year of Wisely. I'm excited about my team and the company and I cannot 
wait to deliver on our dream for all of you. 
With this, I'm opening the floor for Q&A. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Operator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may please press 
star then one on their touch-tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from 
the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Anyone who wishes to ask questions, 
please press star then one. The first question is from the line of Manish Poddar 
from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. Mr. Poddar, we can't hear 
you. Request you to unmute your line from your side please. 
Manish Poddar: 
Hi. 
Operator: 
Yes, now we can hear you. Thank you. 

 
Page 4 of 19 
Manish Poddar: 
One is would you be able to help me what is your market share in Trubloq now? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Poddar, Uday here. I think it should be upwards of 63%. 
Manish Poddar : 
And any idea when will DLT be rolled out for voice versus messages right now? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
The TRAI, I think if my information is right they have to decide on the voice and 
but it will be in the near future. 
Manish Poddar: 
So there is yet no timeline in this? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
No, there are no timeline, yeah to my knowledge, yes. But the platform is built 
for both SMS and voice. And the minute we get sign out from the regulators and 
operators we switch on that component, that module. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay, and just one more, can you explain this slide where you're seeing EBITDA 
to CFO conversion is lower this quarter. Could you probably help me understand 
what is the reasons for this? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Manish, let me take that. This is Aravind. See if you look at it, while our free cash 
flow to net income conversion is lower in Q3, but if I take a YTD basis, we are 
still at about 95% of net income as free cash flow. What really happened Manish 
is that we had much stronger cash flow in Q2 because we had a price change 
in our ILD business. Now what happened is the higher price payouts to the 
Telcos happened in Q3, but we were able to collect from many of the global 
enterprises in Q2 itself at the higher price. 
So what really happened was that, we had a disproportionately high cash flow 
of INR 222 crores free cash flow on a net income of about INR 136 crores and 
there has been a little bit of compensation of that, normalization of that in Q3. 
So, if you look at on a YTD basis, we are at 95% free cash flow as a conversion 
of PAT. And I think going forward, you will see that normalize, so this was more 
of an anomaly because of the price gain which happened and that difference in 
payment terms with respect to customer vis-à-vis suppliers. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay, and just one last one. So, what are the thoughts with the cash on books 
given that, you're looking at the smaller bolt-on acquisitions, and you're 
generating cash flows every quarter that says, cash flow is let's say 90%, 95% 
of quarterly run rate and you are doing INR 200 crores per quarter, what is the 
thought process with the cash in books? 
 Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Manish, as I mentioned in my speech, so we're going to spend the money on 
the production platform, and the brand building, and the customer success, and 
also we're trying to build talent. So this is the four areas that we're going to build. 
That's number one. And we have been returning cash to investors in the last 24 
months, and it may continue in future also. 

 
Page 5 of 19 
Manish Poddar: 
I'm just trying to understand from a relative content per se, just to understand 
better, because your buyback was roughly INR 65 crores, INR 70 crores last 
year. Now, why not do a larger amount? Just want to get your thought process, 
what sort of cash on books are you comfortable with is what I'm trying to 
understand? 
 Uday Kumar Reddy: 
No, we have not decided anything about buyback in the Board meeting as and 
when we discuss definitely, we will announce to the market, Manish. I would like 
to leave it here. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay, no worries, all the best. Thanks. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhimanyu Kasliwal from 
Choice International. Please go ahead. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Hello sir. It's very nice to talk to you after our past conversation. Well, the 
question on everyone's mind was just as before we -- which was the return of 
cash. And you have reiterated that you do not plan to have a buyback as of now 
and may have dividend payments in the future, but nothing concrete. So in that 
case, I wanted to get a better understanding of your growth plans in India and 
internationally, because you do not want to make a non-organic acquisitions. 
But at the same time, where will the next level of growth come from? Are we 
looking at something within the nation? Are we look at international markets? 
Are we look at new products besides Trubloq and Wisely and Gamooga and 
what we already know of? What is the new fuel we can say for the growth 
machine which is Tanla? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
It is good question Abhimanyu. Couple of areas, one is as you know, that we 
are the market leaders in India and so and the India market is growing quite 
quickly, that's number one, one can expect reasonable growth from India.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal:  
Could you give a number in the Indian growth, I mean we had the rule of 60 
going on right now, which we almost as I think of 58% this time. Do you have 
any numbers which you can give us for the next quarter and the next year for 
the growth you can expect in India? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
No, we will not make any forward-looking statements here. All I can say is our 
growth is going to come from India. The growth is going to come from the new 
platforms, the growth is going to come from new solutions, the growth is going 
to come from the new customers globally. This is where we are going to focus 
now. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal:  
Okay, and for the international growth, just following question. What is the 
situation where we can understand that some kind of International growth is 
coming, I mean we're aware from our subsidiary which is there outside India and 
heavy bank deposits we have that we do have some kind of foreign payments 
coming in from foreign clients. Do we have any plans to move into different 
nations and see some kind of growth from their growth in margins maybe or 
growth in revenues or something like that? 

 
Page 6 of 19 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Abhimanyu, couple of things. One is most of our current revenues are coming 
from India. That's the first statement, right? The second one is the dollar 
revenues that we're talking about are all are India bound revenues, okay for 
example, someone like Facebook, someone like Google, someone like Amazon 
is paying to the Indian Telcos or Indian platform providers like ours. 
They're all India bound business, okay. And for us to enter into dollar revenue 
business and the Telcos and the enterprises would like to enter into agreement 
with company outside India, that's how we end up having that subsidiary. That's, 
number two, right. Number three is in terms of global expansion, we are pretty 
clear. Unless until, we come out with case study from the Indian enterprises and 
Indian Telcos on Wisely, we are not in a great hurry to look at international 
expansion. 
But the good news is the platform is being deployed at VIL, so beta is going to 
be launched in February and commercial launch is on 1st of March. And one can 
expect a case study by end of May. That's what my intent is. Once we have the 
case study, and we have an opportunity to go to global Telcos and global 
enterprises, that's what the plan is. But I don't want to expand to the global 
markets for sake of it. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal:  
Okay, sir. So one follow-up question VIL because it is one of the larger Telcos, 
but at the same time, it's not doing so well. Can we expect some kind of numbers 
in terms of what VIL business were looking at and what Teleco business we can 
see, we can hope to target in the coming quarters. I mean, if it's something very 
token or is it something which got high growth prospects in terms of revenue, in 
terms of margins, if you could just throw some light sir? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
I cannot really comment on VIL per se, but all I can say is it is pretty large deal 
for Tanla, it is pretty large deal for Wisely. And it is a testing bed for Wisely and 
I'm sure we will generate decent revenues and the margins on this Wisely 
platform with the VIL deployment. So let's -- why don't we wait till end of May. 
So we will come out with the case study. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal:  
Okay, thank you so much. Always a pleasure talking to you. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique 
StockPro. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Hi, can you update us on the Dubai thing, is it deployed or is it still pending? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Tejas, the DLT platform, which we call it as Trubloq in India, right, that's being 
kind of deployed. But all the modules are not gone live in the Middle East as yet. 
But as I mentioned last time also, it is a license deal. It is not in the revenue 
share basis. So that's not going to really move our revenues or margins going 
forward, okay. But it's good to have an international reference for our blockchain 
platform. But one cannot expect beyond that. 

 
Page 7 of 19 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Hi sir and thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is on the performance 
of the Top 20 customers. So earlier, the growth was largely driven by volume 
growth, and the top 20 customers, but in this quarter, we are seeing 5% to 6% 
decline there. So is it because of a wallet share on a wallet share loss in some 
of the top customers? Or is it because exit or like churn we are seeing in the Top 
20 customers because as you mentioned earlier that we have very high 
stickiness in our Top 10, Top 20 customers so what is effecting that and how do 
we ensure that the Top 20 customers will be still contributing in terms of volume. 
Also, second, on the Trubloq, we have seen 25% growth in the volumes, but the 
revenue has not grown like in accordance to that. So is there any change in 
pricing or change in mix that you're seeing in the Trubloq and the third question 
is on the enterprise, what is driving the enterprise like value margins, gross 
margins and is there any impact of ILD price increase to like revenue growth in 
this quarter also? 
Aravind Viswanathan : 
Yeah, so Amit maybe I will take the first question, right. And then hand it over to 
Deepak, right. So, first point is our Top 20 as a contribution has declined, but 
the Top 20 customers have still grown 28% YoY, right. So it's not that they have 
declined, see the good part that we've been talking about this consistently from 
the time we presented this data for the first time in our Analyst Day, where we 
said last year our Top 20 kind of contributed 70%, right, our objective is twofold, 
one reduce concentration, but not by necessarily making these customers de-
grow, but kind of expanding our base, right. 
And that kind of plays out very well because on one hand, your Top 20 
customers at the largest set of customers are still growing 28% YoY but still we 
are growing faster as a company, their contribution and our dependence on that 
is coming down, right. So that is really what is happening. It is part of our -- it is 
by design that we wanted to and we've been consistently saying that and we 
kind of approaching it where we are growing, at the same time reducing the 
concentration also, right. So I will ask Deepak to add on in terms of what he's 
seeing in terms of pending from top, from our top clients, but definitely we are 
managing to do both where we are growing them, but also reducing the 
dependence. 
Amit Chandra: 
So sort of how frequent is the change in the Top 20 client profile, so has there 
any been exit of large client in Top 20 are from like kind of like wallet share loss 
in some of the top clients to competition? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak, you want to take that? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah, so we haven't lost any customers I will say Top 50 or even Top 100 last 
10 years. Okay, so I would like to make a statement, top customers are very 
much intact, and they are giving us consistent business. Yes, it happens 
sometimes that maybe one or two customers here and there that the wallet 

 
Page 8 of 19 
share may swing. Okay. But that's part of the business. But as far as customers 
are very much intact and our Top 20 customers are growing really well. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
And on the second question on the Trubloq, the market share is coming down 
and the volume growth is not reflected in revenue growth. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
I don't think that will be a bad comment because you are looking at the overall 
platform business and concluding that right. I think there are multiple 
components to this right, there are different price points for different categories 
of enterprises from a Trubloq perspective, I think you still see Trubloq is still 
probably only 50% of our platform business right in that sense. So, there is still 
a lot of growth in Trubloq and it is in line with the volume in many ways from a 
revenue perspective right. So, that is the answer as far as that is concerned. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Aravind, I would also like to add one more thing here that if you see as we said, 
Trubloq is deployed at BSNL, at VIL we have major part of Airtel it also depends 
on what these operators are receiving the volumes. So, let's say if the volume is 
higher these operators vis-à-vis other operators, where Trubloq is not there. So 
you will see higher number of transactions here, right. So, that would also 
change the number a little bit. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And on the market share, is it just a follow-up on the market share, it has 
been coming down, so is it because of some competition that you're seeing in 
this space because who are the other players who are in this and what kind of 
competitive scenario do you see? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
To be honest, we have not seen market share drop, Amit. We were 62%, is he 
talking generally? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
No, he is talking about Trubloq. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Trubloq, okay. I know that we have talked about 70% in one quarter, but that 
was the first quarter where they have included certain amount, where they 
included internal traffic, which subsequently was stopped from scrubbing 
perspective. So that was more of an anomaly in Q3 of last year where we 
showed 70% because one of the Telcos kind of used an internal transaction, 
which kind of stopped but after that, we've been upwards of 60% okay, in fact if 
anything, we've increased from 62% to 63% over the past nine months is what 
I would say from a Trubloq perspective, Amit. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, and like who are the other like 40% of traffic who is handling? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
I think IBM has deployed with Airtel and the Tech Mahindra is deployed with Jio, 
this between two of them they had their own 35% something like that. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. And my last question on the enterprise side, so what is driving 
the enterprise margins and also, is there any element of ILD price increase this 
quarter? 

 
Page 9 of 19 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, maybe I will take that right, Amit. So, the big driver on enterprise margins is 
in terms of shifting business mix, and the fact that we had lot of festival driven 
campaigns in both ILD and NLD which is always more profitable, right. So, that 
has really helped us. From a price increase perspective, I don't think there was 
anything delta between Q2 and Q3 more or less we covered, the price increase 
happened in beginning of Q2. So, there was not a big delta as far as price 
increase is concerned from a margin lever perspective, but I would say it was 
more due to change in business mix coupled with the fact that we had lot of 
festive promotional campaign volumes, which helped us. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. Lastly, on the cash flow generation, so obviously, it has come down, 
but as you have explained edition also that is because the ILD price increase, 
but what is the first level FCF to EBITDA levels that you are now aiming at 
because, if I see last two years, it has been over 100%. So, is it fair to assume 
that it will remain in that way? And in terms of our working capital management, 
is it going to be at the same level or we are seeing some improvement there? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So I would say FCF to PAT, we would like to be as close to 100% as possible. 
We'd always be the intent of EBITDA to operating cash flow maybe difficult to 
be 100%, because there's a tax outflow which we have to account for. So, I 
would say that is how we are looking at that. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. Okay sir, thanks and all the best. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is 
able to address questions from all participants in this conference call, please 
limit your questions to two per participant. For any further questions, you may 
come back for a follow-up. And would like to ask questions, please press star, 
then one. The next question is from the line of Anil Sarin from Centrum Broking 
Pvt. Limited. Please go ahead. 
Anil Sarin: 
Good evening, top management of Tanla. Please accept my congratulations on 
once again coming out with such outstanding numbers. So that's a job very well 
done. I want to draw your attention to Uday's letter, where there is a mention of 
how India is adopting digital modes of communication and how that is good for 
Tanla. So, could you just help me out by drawing a linkage between like as India 
becomes more and more digital, how does it help Tanla either through Trubloq, 
Wisely, I have one more question after this but I was waiting for the answer of 
this one before asking the next question. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So I'll request Deepak to give you a view on the trend in terms of what's 
happening with the enterprises as they adopt digitalization? 
Anil Sarin: 
Sure. 
Deepak Goyal: 
If you see, the trends are very encouraging. And now that the trends come in, 
look at it, all the large customers of ours, they've already adopted digital ways 
of communicating with their customers. Now they're adding more channels to it. 

 
Page 10 of 19 
Earlier it used to be SMS and then email and voice and now WhatsApp is also 
penetrating this and each channel and the beauty of this is that each channel is 
complemented to each other. So they are not eating into each other's revenues 
or volumes. I mean, if you look at it now, WhatsApp is basically positioned for 
conversational messaging which was not that easily doable with SMS, or even 
with voice, which can happen with WhatsApp wherein same conversation, you 
can eliminate a seat on the call centers. 
So, basically that's going to impact the call center business, and it's going to 
save huge revenues or huge costs for the enterprises. And the whole thing would 
move to let's say, WhatsApp, or any other such conversational messaging 
platforms. So that is what one trend I can tell you, which is doing very well. And 
if you see, I mean in own country, where kind of startups we have and every 
month we are seeing this lot of startups are coming in and I mean they are on 
the very first day itself, they are adopting these digital channels to communicate 
with their end customers. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay, great. Thank you so much. My next question was, there was also a 
mention and there were some screenshots of scrubbing and content. So could 
you enlighten us about what does it mean for revenue? What does it mean for 
customer stickiness as scrubbing and content? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Anil scrubbing is basically what our DLT platform does, right. So it looks at every 
message and kind of sees whether it is aligned to the template and the headers. 
And that's really what kind of went live in September of last year and September 
of 2020. And that's really what our Trubloq platform does, right. Content 
registration is a very new module that just kind of took off in September, and like 
Uday mentioned in his opening remarks, we think content management is a very 
big opportunity. We think that it will kind of crystallize over the next six months 
and we are closely tracking it and looking forward to capitalizing on that. So, that 
is what I'd say as far as that is concerned. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. Thank you. My last -- actually the last question is on Trubloq. So you 
mentioned that Trubloq is not -- I'm not talking about market share. I'm talking 
the Trubloq of your revenue is a certain portion. However, there is also this TRAI 
regulation, which says that all messages have to be encrypted. So, how is it the 
Trubloq is not 100% of your messages. Are there some non-encrypted 
messages also that that are going on the networks? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Anil, Uday here. Nowhere, TRAI says that all the messages have to be 
encrypted, okay. What they have mentioned is each and every message in India 
has to go through blockchain platform, okay. And having said that, they have 
given exemption to Government of India, but otherwise each and every message 
has to be scrubbed. So, nowhere they mentioned about encryption. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. So, as the government organization gradually come online. Then greater 
and greater percentage of your messaging revenue would come from Trubloq. 
Is that the right way of looking at it? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
No. The more that you see the traffic, growing in India, the more traffic comes 
to Trubloq. 

 
Page 11 of 19 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. Sure. And an allied question to that. Is that Deepak just mentioned that. 
Look, we are with a few networks and we are not on a few other networks that 
as Jio. So as Jio, if Jio increases its market share sharply higher from where it 
is now, that would affect the market share that Trubloq has. Is that fair normally? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
No, it's not really true, Anil. It has nothing to do with subscribers, it all depends 
on the Telcos concentration on the CPaaS business. So for example, BSNL, 
where the subscriber base is miniscule, but they're doing a massive volumes in 
India right now. So the subscriber base has nothing to do with a business 
opportunity. 
Anil Sarin: 
I see. I see. Thank you so much for clarifying. Thank you for all. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks. 
Deepak Goyal: Thanks, Anil. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Participants, we would request you to please limit your questions to 
two per participant. For any further questions, you might come back for a follow-
up. The next question is from the line of Balaji Subramanian from IIFL. Please 
go ahead. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Hi, Uday, congrats on a good set of numbers. And thanks for taking my 
questions. I have a couple of questions. The first one is what has changed the 
Wisely international rollout strategy, because last time you had mentioned that 
you are engaging a top consulting firm to advise on the international GTM, but 
now you just mentioned that the Vodafone, Idea case study would be pitched 
and that would be used to kind of build out the international rollout of Wisely 
overtime. So what timeframe are you looking before you rollout Wisely 
internationally? 
My second question is more on what is the typical gross margin that you make 
on non-SMS channels, especially WhatsApp Messenger. So, you did mentioned 
that you're aspiring to reach 50% plus gross margin that many global platform 
players report. So, how will something like WhatsApp enable you to kind of make 
that journey? So that's largely from my side. Thank you. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks, Balaji. The first point is, yes. We have appointed the consulting firm to 
advise us on Wisely GTM, which does include both India and outset in the global 
expansion. So they -- we got the GTM plan from them last week. And so they 
have given us a complete GTM plan including proposition and pricing. So, and 
in fact, they are the ones who are helping us to even roll out with VIL as you 
speak. So, it's a part of the strategy. 
So we have not changed any strategy, it is in line with our strategy. So but we 
don't want to go to global market without having in at least one successful case 
study in India, right. So that's where we are waiting for that. But meanwhile, we 
are already engaged with global tech Telcos and very large enterprises. We just 
eagerly waiting for these customers success case study from VIL, which is going 
to come from by end of May. That's number one, right. 

 
Page 12 of 19 
Number two, for us to push the margins, gross margins from where we are right 
now to 50% over a period of time. It takes a bit of time, I'm not saying it will 
happen in the next one year or so. But if you look at our gross margins, on our 
platforms, are upwards of 80% Balaji. Okay, so the more revenues more 
margins, we earn on platforms automatically, our blended margins will move 
towards that to our aspiration level. So that Wisely definitely will help us generate 
a good margins -- gross margins for us. And once we start adding the Wisely 
gross margins to our total gross margins, I'm sure the blended margins will 
change. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Okay, thanks a lot Uday, for the detailed answer. All the best. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niral Gangar from Neev 
Investment & Management Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Niral Gangar: 
Thank you for giving this opportunity and congratulations on excellent set of 
numbers and for a very good presentation, which has been going on for the past 
three, four quarters. My most of the questions are answered. Now only one 
question is left. So, what I am seeing that trade payables are approximately 
equal to cost of service for last three, four quarters, which was not the case till 
September 20. So, what is the reason behind this? So, for example, trade 
payables in the current quarter is INR 662 crores, and our cost of service is also 
at INR 620 crores. So, is there any change in this particular portion? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
No, no. There is no change in portion, right. I don't think you will, in a growth 
engine right, you will always find that, your trade payables will go in line with 
business, right. And there is some amount of correlation to cost of sales, but 
there are also different mix right, because when you look at an integrated then 
when platform business is growing, your cost of service does not go in line with 
platform business in that sense. So it will be difficult to correlate along those 
lines Niral. 
Niral Gangar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Uday Kumar Reddy:       Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Milind Karmarkar from Dalal & 
Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. And congratulations on great set of 
numbers. Actually I had a very basic question. Basically, what I wanted to know 
was that with the implementation of Wisely and Trubloq on some of the Telcos. 
What I wanted to know was, because I keep getting -- I in the sense many of us 
keep getting these SMS, which look like that they are from State Bank of India 
saying that your account will be frozen. You just need to send us your PAN 
Number or Aadhaar Card Number and the problem will be solved. Now, 
obviously, these are phishing messages. So just wanted to understand that 
whether Wisely and Trubloq together will help stop these messages. That’s what 
my question was, all other questions have been answered. 

 
Page 13 of 19 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Hi, Milind, Uday here. It's not a basic question, it's a good question. So the 
messages that we are receiving. I also receive on my handset, or more or less 
every day, as you rightly said, these are all most of phishing messages. They're 
not using application to pay messaging route, which that means they're not going 
through our routes, okay. They -- what they do is they're using SIM bots, okay. 
They go to market, they buy the SIM cards from the store, and they start sending 
the messages from that SIM card, which doesn't go through Trubloq any of the 
DLT platform in India, because that comes under peer-to-peer messages. 
They're supposed to use those SIM cards for a personal purpose, but they're 
misusing for these kind of messages like. So, but the regulators are looking at 
these messages very, very closely. And they're clamping these numbers on daily 
basis. 
And in fact, we are developing a platform, which is likely to kind of control this 
kind of messages going forward. So but including the regulators, Government 
of India, and even enterprises are very serious about such messages and we 
are working towards that. But it doesn't go through our platforms as you say. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Okay, thank you very much. Got it. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
The next question is from the line of Rikshit Naredi from Naredi Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rikshit Naredi: 
So, sir my first question is regarding domestic international segments. Can you 
please tell us the expected market size and expected growth as per your best 
estimate? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
As per my best estimate. So we are at what $1 billion, little more than billion 
dollars in India and probably Deepak is the right person to comment on the 
growth. Deepak you want to comment on that? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah, Uday. So, yeah, so what we are seeing is a growth of about 18% to 20% 
year-on-year growth is what we are witnessing right now. 
Rikshit Naredi: 
Right. Okay. And my second question is regarding. So please give me more 
color on co-selling agreement with Microsoft? 
Uday Kumar Reddy : 
Yes, we have the co-selling agreement with Microsoft. And wherever we go 
including India, we sell along with Microsoft. And our Wisely is on Azure stack. 
So, in fact, the platform that we're deploying with VIL. We're -- we -- it is on 
Microsoft Azure cloud. So it's a joint effort. Yes. 
Rikshit Naredi: 
Okay. And my last and small question is, what will be the revenue mix between 
platform and enterprise business in next two to three years? 

 
Page 14 of 19 
Uday Kumar Reddy : 
I don't want to give any forward-looking statements, but as you speak, it's around 
23% of our gross margin comes from platforms as we speak. And I think our 
aspiration is to push it as much as possible in the next two years. That's what 
we're working. That's where we are investing for the last two years. If you look 
at last two years, we have really covered a lot of ground in terms of the platforms 
business. And I personally believe that it will cover a lot of ground in the next 
two years. 
Rikshit Naredi: 
Okay, right. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Deepak Goyal: Thanks. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirmal Bari from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Yes, sir thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. So, the first one 
is, I'm not very conversant with the technology aspect of this. So, in between 
you said that this CPaaS has nothing to do with the number of subscribers for 
the -- of that telecom operator and that BSNL is doing a lot of cheaper. So for 
this DLT platform, at what point does the message needs to be scrubbed. You 
said receiver, as in the receiving telecom operator that needs to scrub the 
message before it goes to the customer's handset or does it happen at the point 
of where it has been sent? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Good question, Mr. Nirmal, you're talking about origination and termination, 
okay. So, the -- what that TRAI says is whoever is originating the message. He 
is responsible to scrub through DLT. And for example BSNL is scrubbing. BSNL 
is originating the message and terminating to Airtel, okay. It is the responsibility 
of BSNL to ensure that it is scrubbed in the DLT platform before the hand over 
the message to Airtel through interconnect. So it is originating the operator who's 
responsible to scrub. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Okay. And then in this, what would be the rough market share of in terms of 
origination of messages. What would be the market share between the four key 
players in India, if you can give some data on that? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
I'm not allowed to do that. We have some NDA here, but I'm afraid I cannot give 
you on behalf of the Telcos. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Okay. And then second question that I had was on the gross margin mix this 
year at enterprise business gross margin grew by 73%. So would it be fair to 
assume that was largely on account of the price hike that happened in Q2, 
because that is where the bump up in enterprise gross margin came? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Nirmal, that -- I don't think that will be the right conclusion. Because that is both 
a cost increase and a price increase, right. It's not just a price increase, because 
your -- what are really happened there is the Telco costs have gone up, right. 
And we've kind of gone ahead with our customers and got our price increase to 
ensure that we have maintained our margins, right. So the price increase would 
have definitely given us incremental absolute margins, but not impacting the 
margin percentage, right. I think we've improved our margins due to mix of 

 
Page 15 of 19 
business. Obviously the improvement in terms of our platforms as a contribution. 
So those are the big levers from a margin perspective. Price increase, is not -- 
does not help in terms of margin percentages, Nirmal. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Yeah, but that platform related gross margin part should have been reflected in 
the platform business, right? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Our talking on an integrated basis. If you are talking only enterprise, then you 
are right. The price increase would not have an impact on the margin percentage 
first. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Okay. And so, going forward enterprise unless there is another price hike or 
anything, the enterprise business should -- the gross margin should largely grow 
in line with the volumes and then the platform business will be the incremental 
driver for gross margin. Would that be a correct way to look at it? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yeah, if you hear what Uday had said in terms of our longer-term aspirations. 
Clearly the bigger trust from our gross margin expansion perspective will come 
on the back of increasing the platform business share contribution. So you're 
absolutely right on that, Nirmal. 
Nirmal Bari: 
Okay. Thank you. I'll fall back in the queue. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Chaukhani from Trade 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Chaukhani: 
Hello sir, great performance on all fronts. Just one question I have. Just trying 
to understand the VIL partnership. Is it only for messages terminating in India -- 
within India? Or is it like a global partnership wherein it covers all the countries 
where VIL operates? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Hi, Deepak. Since it's VIL it operates only in India. They have -- I think my 
information says that Vodafone has nothing to do with VIL other than holding 
their shares. So they operate only in India. This partnership is mainly for India. 
It is mainly for India. 
Deepak Chaukhani: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And just related questions. So since it's going to be 
launched on 1st of March, probably Q4 will account for some of the revenues 
from this partnership? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. So for the month of March, I think we should able to book the revenues, 
that's what our plan is. Yes. 
Deepak Chaukhani: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
The next question is from the line of Sharad Kohli an Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 16 of 19 
Sharad Kohli: 
Hi, guys. My question most of them have been answered. I was just trying to 
understand the total addressable market forces announcement with the VIL, 
right. So, I know -- I don't know, take names there. But obviously, the one of your 
competitors had an exclusive agreement with Idea, right? So I'm just trying to 
figure out that with this new partnership that you have with VIL, is it fair to 
assume that, and I don't know the duration of this contract? But is it fair to 
assume that all the business, whether it's for Vodafone or Idea now flows 
through Wisely or do -- does VIL still have the ability to sign separate deals with 
other players in the market? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Hi, Sharad, Uday here. Good question. So VIL I mean, once Wisely goes, it goes 
live on 1st of March, the 100% of the traffic will go through Wisely. So mean to 
say that it is an exclusive partnership. That's number one. Number two, it is a 
multi-year deal. So I would like to leave it there. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Okay, just one question, Uday. Just so that I can plug into my model here. What 
is the split roughly between and I don't know if you know this, but what is the 
split roughly between Vodafone and Idea in terms of the traffics? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
I think it's kind of probably 55-45. 55% is Vodafone and 45% is Idea. That's what 
my information says probably 50-50. But it's yes, it's kind of 50-50. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Okay, so if I understand this math correctly, that means that incrementally once 
you go fully live, starting March that 45%. And maybe there's a little bit give and 
take here, but for the bulk, that 45% which one of your competitors or a few of 
our competitors had with Idea that 45% now totally comes to Tanla meaning that 
your total addressable market is basically doubled. Is that fair to assume? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Sharad all I'm saying is 100% of the SMS ILD traffic, both of which including 
100% of Vodafone and 100% of Idea traffic goes to Wisely platform. Yes, your 
assumption is right. 
Sharad Kohli: 
Okay, that's what I wanted to know. Because just to understand what is the 
incremental growth that we can calculate because of VIL. Thank you. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Sure, sure. Thanks. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kushagra Bhattar from Old 
Bridge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats for good numbers. A couple of 
questions. First, to start with on revenue breakup. So in your press release, you 
have mentioned something called BFSI, wholesale and government, right. So if 
you can provide some breakup between those. And a related question is, when 
you say the contribution from the newer channels, and there was some festive 
impact for the enterprise business? Could you share some breakup from -- on 
revenues from these new OTT channels? And how sustainable are the 
enterprises margins, which you recorded in 3Q? 

 
Page 17 of 19 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Sure. So maybe let me take that Kushagra, right. So we've not broken down in 
terms of exact quantification of each of these segments Kushagra, but what we 
can tell you is just from the industry sectors, which has driven growth, clearly 
BFSI has been very, very strong, right, led by the banks. So that's been a big 
driver for growth and the other segments that we kind of talk about, right. When 
you look at other channels, they are very small, but they are growing 
substantially, right. They're growing substantially and definitely they are in 
today's terms, more profitable. 
Although they are little subscale, they are profitable today, right. And therefore 
that is helping us from a focus. So I don't know if you remember, maybe two 
quarters back, right. We had made the statement saying that, we're going to 
focus significantly on OTT channels. And I think we've been doing that for the 
past six months, right. 
So I can give you a lot of color in terms of what we are doing in that space, but 
we've still not called those specific numbers as far as those are concerned, and 
we probably we'll do it after it reaches a certain amount of scale, but if you want 
to know anything specific. I can have Deepak to give you a view in terms of how 
enterprises are kind of looking at OTT channels and where there is opportunity 
as far as we are seeing it there. Deepak. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So Deepak, I'm not sure if you heard me, but the idea or Kushagra was asking 
in terms of some of the OTT channels. How sustainable they are and what is the 
contribution? So, I thought maybe you can give a color in terms of how 
enterprises are seeing the OTT channels and the use cases that we are seeing 
there. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Absolutely. So, as I mentioned earlier about let's say, if you take example of 
WhatsApp. So, we are building very deep, we are doing deep penetrations and 
deep integrations with the enterprise customers, wherein, this is all the revenues 
are based on the conversations between the enterprise and the customer over 
let's say for example, WhatsApp. So, here what happens is, once the integration 
is done, we have built the use cases that are highly sustainable, because as I 
mentioned earlier, basically just like always on channel for the enterprise and as 
well as for the customer, because customer can anytime, can do a query, ask 
whatever question they want to ask. 
They want to request anything, they want to -- even they wanted to an e-
commerce, they want to place an order. All that can happen over a conversation. 
So, and we are building more and more such use cases for our particular 
customers, I mean, and that's what we keep doing. And when you are into that 
kind of business, definitely, you command a premium, and the margins are high. 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Okay. So, the sense is, all these channels are expected to grow. So, the margins 
are more or less sustainable. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah, absolutely. I mean, who would not like or want that instead of somebody 
making a call to the call center and keep waiting there, and then an enterprise 

 
Page 18 of 19 
on one side customer is inconvenience. On the other side, enterprise customer, 
they are paying INR 20 rupees or INR 30 rupees, maybe INR 40 rupees per call, 
rather than and the whole thing is just getting done over conversation over a 
WhatsApp or any other OTT channel. 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Sure. Second question is on, in your remarks -- opening remarks, you mentioned 
investments on brand building and customer success, right. So, can you 
elaborate a bit more on, when you say brand building, what kind of investments 
you are making, and when you say customer success, what sort of investments 
goes from your side, on that pattern. How, if you can give some quantification 
as well versus your current investments today in both these areas?  
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yeah. So, these investments are not going to be very large, it's going to be very, 
very small. In fact, we have created a customer success department last year. 
And we are recruiting a lot of people in the customer success department, where 
they don't chase any revenues. They always work for customer success. That 
is the investment for us. But again, in terms of the brand also, we need to build 
a brand with customers, partners, regulators, and employees. 
That's where we're going to focus going forward and we are looking at various 
possibilities of building the brand within this ecosystem. And so we are more -- 
we'll be more visible going forward with all the good work that we have been 
doing in India to our partners and customers and so on so forth. That's what I'm 
trying to say. It's not going to be a lot of money, it's very small money, but our 
focus is going to be on the four areas as I told you earlier. 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Okay, sure. Last one from my side. When you say working capital will normalize, 
right. What sort of levels you are indicating towards both in terms of debtors and 
creditors? And also a question on, if you can call out how much was the volume 
growth in last nine months it'd to be helpful? Thanks. 
Aravind Viswanathan : 
Yeah, so I'll answer the first one. See what we are talking about is try and be 
close to free cash flow and close to 100% of PAT, right. That is always the kind 
of goalposts that we go towards, right. So that is really the normalization one is 
talking about give or take, right. Volume growth, I think largely will be, we've not 
calling out specifically volume growth Kushagra, we've not called out volumes. 
But it's been strong, it's largely been in line with revenue growth in terms of the 
domestic business. 
Kushagra Bhattar: 
Okay, sure. Thanks and all the best. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ritu Mehta for closing comments. 
Ritu Mehta: 
Thank you, everyone. That was the last question for today. In case we could not 
take your questions due to time constraints, please feel free to reach out to 
Investor Relations team. Thank you. Have a good evening. 

 
Page 19 of 19 
Operator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Tanla Platforms 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. And you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
