 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
Regd. Office : GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector-III, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 106, India  CIN: L20103WB1980PLC032872 
 
Tel: +91-33-4050-7000     Fax: +91-33-4050-7999    Email: info@gptgroup.co.in    Visit us: www.gpt infra.in 
 
 
 
 
GPTINFRA/CS/SE/2021-22                                                                                            February 05, 2022 
 
The Department of Corporate Services,                                        National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited,                                                                                  Exchange Plaza,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                                           Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Dalal Street                                                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400001                                                                            Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Update on Conference Call held on 02nd February, 2022 – Call Transcript  
Ref.: Scrip Code – 533761; Symbol – GPTINFRA 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our letter dated 31st January, 2022, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of Conference Call held on Wednesday, 02nd February, 2022. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GPT Infraprojects Limited, 
 
 
 
A B Chakrabartty 
    (Company Secretary) 
Membership No.-F-7184 
Encl. – As Above 
ANATHA 
BANDHABA 
CHAKRABARTTY
Digitally signed by 
ANATHA BANDHABA 
CHAKRABARTTY 
Date: 2022.02.05 
10:38:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“GPT Infraprojects Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 02, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL TANTIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CFO  

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the GPT Infra Project's Q3 FY2022 
earnings conference call. As the reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia, Executive Director and CFO 
GPT Infraprojects limited. Thank you, and over to you Sir! 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to GPT Infra Projects Limited 
third quarter  and nine months ended December 31, 2021 earnings conference call. The 
result presentation along with our press release has already been uploaded on the company's 
website and that of the stock exchanges. We hope you have had a chance to go through the 
same. Today on the call, we also have with us, Stellar IR our Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
As you all are aware the Indian economy continues to gain momentum to reach normalcy 
backed by successful mass vaccination campaigns and the focus of the Government of India 
to impetus GDP growth, the third wave of the pandemic has been efficiently managed in 
India guarding material impact on the domestic business. 
 
At GPT we experienced a strong execution  momentum with robust order inflow of Rs.400 
Crores during nine months ended FY2022. We have always rewarded our shareholders and 
today I am happy to announce that the company has announced an interim dividend of 
Rs.1.5 per share which translates to 15% of the face value during the quarter. 
 
The Union Budget for 2022-2023 released yesterday, the 1st of February, 2022 has put in 
focus the PM Gati Shakti Yojana. This plan lays for emphasis in both the areas of our 
operation that is roads and railways. The government is aiming at world-class modern 
infrastructure and logistics synergies. 
 
I would like to highlight a few key points where this budget has focused for railways and 
roads. The budget allocation towards railways is Rs. 140,000 Crores whereas the budget 
allocation towards roads, transport and highways is approximately Rs. 199,000 Crores. This 
is one of the highest ever budget allocations. 
 
Formulation of the master plan of 2500 kilometers expressway or National Highway will be 
completed by 2022-2023. Four Multi-Modal Logistics Parks through PPP  to be awarded in 
2023, integration of postal and railways network facilitating passive movement that focus 
on one station one product model to help the local business and supply chain progress. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
With the government's focus on capex and new development in the infrastructure segment, 
we expect the coming fiscal to open the door for new opportunities and growth for us. 
 
Now coming to our financial performance during the nine months ended FY2022, the 
company reported standalone revenue of Rs. 405 Crores against the revenue of Rs. 369 
Crores last year in nine months ended FY2021, which is a growth of 9.6% year-on-year. 
This was backed by a significant execution in the infrastructure segment. 
 
The standalone EBITDA for nine months ended FY2022 stood at Rs. 61.4 Crores against 
Rs. 59.2 Crores in nine months ended FY2021. The EBITDA margins were 15.1% well 
above our huddle rate of EBITDA of 13%  to 14%. The margins remain intact even after 
considering the impact of pandemic disruptions. 
 
The company's focus to enhance cost efficiencies has enabled us to report a strong growth 
of 31% year-on-year in the reported PAT at Rs. 14.8 Crores as against Rs. 11.3 Crores in 
the previous nine months. 
 
Coming to segmental performance our infrastructure segment seems strong for the quarter 
and nine months under December 2021. During nine months FY2021 the infrastructure 
segment witnessed a growth of 13% year-on-year, whereas in the Q3 for 2022 the segment 
saw a growth of 8% year-on-year and 45% growth sequentially which was  backed by 
pickup in execution activities. 
 
The segment continues to be a major part of the business contributing approximately 83% 
of entire revenue in nine months FY2022 at 96% of the total EBIT for nine months at 
FY2022. The revenue for nine months FY2022 stood at Rs.336.5 Crores as against Rs. 
297.5 Crores in nine months at FY2021. The reported EBIT over Rs.54.3 Crores as against 
Rs.44.7 Crores nine months at FY2021. 
 
Coming to the Sleeper segment, the revenues from this segment started at Rs.68.4 Crores as 
against Rs. 100.8 Crores in nine months at FY2021. This was mostly an account of COVID 
related disruptions in the South African business, which has also resulted in impact on the 
margins as well. With normalcy returning, we expect the business to ramp up to the levels 
of the previous year in the coming quarters. 
 
The company is focused on strengthening its balance sheet and taking proactive efforts 
towards achieving the same. 
 
In terms of leverage and liquidity positions both have shown significant improvement year-
on-year. We have been optimizing our working capital in addition to pairing old 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 11 
outstanding with various customers, we have been able to receive almost Rs.6 Crores of old 
receivables in nine months FY2022, and we are well on target to achieve our target of Rs. 
10 Crores to Rs.12 Crores which we had set out at the beginning of the year. 
 
In the last quarter, we expect to receive another Rs. 3 Crores to Rs. 4 Crores which will help 
us to meet the target which we had set out of Rs. 10 Crores to Rs. 12 Crores. 
 
In terms of the order book as on December 31, 2021 we had a robust order inflow of Rs. 
400 Crores which resulted in a net order book as in January 1, 2022 at Rs. 1790 Crores that 
is 3x our FY2021 revenues. 
 
One of the major contracts that we were awarded in December was of Rs. 188 Crores plus 
GST from Maharashtra Rail Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited for 
construction of a cable stayed road ROB at Byculla Railway Station. This is in line with our 
previous experience of similar contracts for construction of our cable stayed ROB at 
Burdwan Railway Station and goes on to show our core competence in the sector. 
 
Now let me share with you some key highlights and key contracts for the current fiscal. We 
are executing two major contracts for RVNL which is a contract in Ghazipur and for 
Mathura-Jhansi third line for RVNL. These contracts once completed will take us to the 
next level of growth and will enable  us to bid for contracts up to Rs.1000 Crores from the 
current size of Rs. 700 odd Crores. 
 
Execution of Ghazipur order is running smoothly and we expect the same to be completed 
by 2023. Similarly Mathura-Jhansi is also running very smoothly and we expect the same 
also to be completed by 2023. Both these contracts are running at an average quarterly run 
rate of Rs. 30 odd Crores. 
 
Like I said the recently received contract for ROB on Byculla Railway Station was received 
only in December; however, the operation of the same has already started and given our 
past experience in constructing similar cable stayed ROBs in Burdwan, we expect the work 
to start soon. 
 
In the concrete sleeper segment the GMR contract continues to progress well and which we 
expect the contract to complete over the next six months and the receivables will also 
contribute to reduction in the working capital cycle. 
 
Our current order pipeline is Rs.1790 Crores with L1 orders amounting to approximately 
Rs. 250 Crores and we believe that the government's impetus on railways and will enhance 
our eligibility capabilities and lead to companies further the growth trajectory. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
With the budget having a strong focus on public capital expenditure especially towards our 
sector of operation and normalcy returning we are confident enough to scale up our 
business going forward. 
 
We are continuously exploring new opportunities and aim to get projects keeping in mind 
the management's discipline of healthy margins in the range of 14%. 
 
This is all from my side. I will now ask the moderator to open the call for any questions and 
answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Monica Arora from Share Giants Wealth Advisors. Kindly proceed. 
Monica Arora: 
Good morning Sir. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. In line with the yesterday's 
Union Budget what is your view and what are the opportunities in the railway sector that 
will benefit our business? 
Atul Tantia: 
Like I said in my opening remarks the Union Budget allocates almost 140,000 Crores 
towards the railways. This has opportunities for new lines; it has opportunities towards 
large bridges which is our area of core competence. The focus remains to complete the 
dedicated freight corridor and also the three new corridors that were announced previously 
wherein the initial project surveys are going on and they will continue to be our focus area 
going forward as well. 
Monica Arora: 
We see that government is much more focused towards urban connectivity so do you think 
that will benefit our company? 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes, we are seeing a lot of focus from metro contracts we have recently like I said we 
bagged the contract in the heart of Mumbai in Byculla so a lot of focus is there in the urban 
connectivity metro projects in the country. We have also received a lot of funding in the 
budget announced yesterday and there is an announcement also in terms of standardizing a 
lot of metro designs which will lead to faster execution going forward as well. 
Monica Arora: 
Okay and if you could give me the number for the order pipeline for concrete sleeper 
business? 
Atul Tantia: 
Concrete sleeper has an order pipeline of approximately Rs. 121 odd Crores and the balance 
is from the infrastructure segment. In addition to that we expect in this quarter to get the 
contract in South Africa as well which will again contribute healthily to the topline and 
bottomline as well. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Monica Arora: 
Do you think we will be able to maintain this order book going forward? 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes, we have always had a strategy to maintain order book at 3x the trailing 12 months 
revenues and that is what it is at current levels and we are quite confident of maintaining 
that level as well. 
Monica Arora: 
Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renuka Jadhav an individual investor. Kindly proceed. 
Renuka Jadhav: 
Good morning Sir. My question is only debt part so what is the repayment target for the 
entire FY2022 and can you give us a ballpark repayment targets for FY2023 and FY2024? 
Atul Tantia: 
We have mostly short-term debt. The long-term debt is quite less. It is not that huge a 
number. The working capital for sites that the company does enjoy with the various banks 
they do not have a repayment schedule per se. In terms of the long-term debt in FY2023 it 
will be a repayment of almost Rs. 12 odd Crores. In addition to that we expect to pare down 
some of our working capital facilities as well. So I think that overall for FY2023 we expect 
a debt repayment of almost Rs. 25 Crores which is approximately 12% to 13% of our limits. 
Renuka Jadhav: 
Okay so how much is the working capital requirement and what are the steps initiated for an 
efficient working capital cycle going forward? 
Atul Tantia: 
the With the GMR contract  completing;   a lot of the cash flows will get released ; which 
will reduce our working capital cycle further. We have always had a policy to maintain 
working capital cycling closer to 100 odd days, which is quite at par with the industry 
standard and we expect it to further better going forward with the GMR contract getting 
finished in the next six to eight months. 
Renuka Jadhav: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral an individual investor. Kindly 
proceed. 
Viral: 
Good morning Sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers once more. I have a couple of 
questions if I may. First is I think on the concrete sleeper business your consolidated profit 
is lower than your standalone profits. Is that because of the drag from South Africa? 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes. Apart from South Africa there is no other worries or consolidation happening, mostly 
South Africa and then Namibia comes below the line as a share of profit from the associate 
at Rs 2.5 Crores to Rs. 2.6 Crores odd. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Viral: 
Okay and do you believe that South African operations will resume some level of normalcy 
or stability anytime soon or do you think there is still some uncertainty ahead? 
Atul Tantia: 
At South Africa, we expect the order to come through in the next one- one and a half 
months. With that the operation should resume normally. 
Viral: 
Okay and then on the receivable days as well I think what is the working capital days now? 
Atul Tantia: 
Receivable per se will be closer to 52-odd days, working capital cycle would be closer to 
130 odd days. I will have to check it is to subject correction. I do not have the number off-
hand available right now with me but receivable we expect it to come down significantly 
with the completion of the GMR contract with that lot of the cash flow cycles will get 
released and the receivable cycle will come down closer to 100 odd days. 
Viral: 
The reason I asked this is because I think a lot of your business is also coming from the 
railways and the government so is that a cause of  concern? Are you seeing me stretching of 
payment from government agencies? 
Atul Tantia: 
No. We are not at all. 
Viral: 
If I may ask one more question, I think on this on the announcement made in the budget 
yesterday there is a significant amount of stress that is being given for infrastructure so do 
you see yourselves as any direct beneficiary of some of these schemes that have been 
announced especially the freight corridors and all which they are planning to create? Is 
there any incremental demand that you can see immediately or is this something that is 
going to happen only in the medium term? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, freight corridor would obviously lead to a lot of impetus in terms of order pipeline 
especially the last leg of the eastern corridor which is from Son Nagar Bihar to Haldia that 
will lead to a lot of incremental demand, our concrete sleeper factory is also located on the 
corridor and there will be a lot of opportunities in terms of the new corridors both in terms 
of the concrete sleeper business as well as the infrastructure business. In both the segments 
we have done work in the existing corridors and we expect to be successful in bidding for 
some of the projects going forward as well. 
Viral: 
Because they had also announced 400 new Vande Bharat  trains so you know would that 
require any incremental infrastructure spend on the existing routes in terms of upgradation. 
Atul Tantia: 
Obviously, they will need to be upgraded because  these Vande Bharat trains run at130 
kilometer per hour, 140 kilometer per hour compared to the current speed of 70 odd 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 11 
kilometers per hour. So there will be some the infrastructure will need to be in line with to 
support these faster trains in some sense because railway also has a policy of maintaining a 
zero accident policy so they will also need to upgrade the existing network to ensure that 
these 400 odd trains whichever announced yesterday need to be at par with like for example 
Rajdhani routes which are significantly upgraded routes compared to what they were 
earlier. 
Viral: 
I think one last question if I mean I know I am taking up some time is on the guidance 
going forward. Could you give us some guidance on revenue and profitability for the next 
couple of quarters at least? 
Atul Tantia: 
Guidance in terms of at EBITDA level we have always had a hurdle rate of 14% and we 
expect to be north of that. With interest coming down,  we expect PAT to be also closer 
between 4% to 5% and going in the next maybe one to two years we expect to have a PAT 
level up almost 5%. Revenue as such would grow at a CAGR of 15% to 20%. 
Viral: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Suhas Naik from Creda Capital. Kindly proceed. 
Suhas Naik: 
Good morning. Thanks for this call. I have a couple of questions; the first question is in 
terms of the current order book what is execution pipeline here over what period of time or 
how it is likely to get executed? 
Atul Tantia: 
All our contracts  basically will be over next two to two and a half years so this current 
order book of Rs. 1,790 crores odd cross would be executed over two to two and a half 
years. 
Suhas Naik: 
Two and a half years. Now because looking at the balance sheet the existing balance it is 
capable of how much execution annualized basis? 
Atul Tantia: 
Infrastructure companies really do not work on that in terms of how the balance sheet is. It 
depends on your credentials, in terms of having executed similar contracts. Like I said in 
my opening remarks our current single ticket size is that we can bid for is about 700 Crores, 
two large contracts that we are doing in Ghazipur and in terms of third line Mathura-Jhansi 
for bridges once those are completed in the next 12 to 15 months will allow us to bid for 
1,000 Crores of new single ticket orders. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Suhas Naik: 
My point was because they have got debt on the book and we are working capital 
constraints considering the constraints of the balance sheet how much execution we can do 
in a year? 
Atul Tantia: 
Debt on the books is not quite stretched. As per my statement I would say. Our current ratio 
in terms of the balance sheet is almost 1.35 which has improved significantly in the last 
couple of quarters and in with the existing resources and there will be a lot of internal 
accruals as well as we are executing the contracts, given the profitability, profitable nature 
of the business, we would be able to easily go up to Rs. 1000 Crores with our existing 
balance sheet. 
Suhas Naik: 
Rs. 1,000 Crores of revenue? 
Atul Tantia: 
Correct. 
Suhas Naik: 
Great and any plans to generate equity, raise any equity right now? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, we do not. At the current levels we have no plans to raise equity. 
Suhas Naik: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Singh an individual investor. Kindly 
proceed. 
Harsh Singh: 
Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question, will the company be like 
able to maintain the number of order books as per the current years’ of revenue levels going 
forward? 
Atul Tantia: 
I think similar question was asked by an earlier investor as well. Like I said we have always 
historically maintained at 3x order book and we expect to maintain that momentum going 
forward as well. 
Harsh Singh: 
My another question is which are the new segments like the company is like planning to 
enter other than bridges? 
Atul Tantia: 
We are also doing metro contracts, we are doing contracts for roads as well, we have two 
contracts with North East totaling about Rs. 210 odd Crores for roads. We are doing metro 
contracts in Kolkata for ourRVNL , and we have already done as well so those are the new 
segments that we are entering into. We are also doing some of these waterways contact as 
well. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Harsh Singh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Bhatia from IDFC Mutual Fund. 
Kindly proceed. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just had one question sort of an extension of what the previous 
participant asked. These segments that you have highlighted the presence that we have 
across these segments waterways, roads, bridges etc., what sort of competitive intensity are 
we seeing at present across these segments and given the Union Budget that has come 
through where do you see the competitive intensity increasing? Are there any regulatory 
changes on the big bond requirements sort of things? So if you could provide your 
perspective at the ground level thinking that you guys are seeing? That will be very helpful 
from the competitive intensity front. 
Atul Tantia: 
Competitive intensity was quite there till December 31, because the big bond requirements 
were quite minimal. Now the big bonds requirements have gone up because they were 
temporarily relaxed due to COVID up to December 31, 2021. So we expect the competitive 
intensity to somewhat subside. Having said that the management has had a quite a 
disciplined strategy earlier as well and in this financial year as well to bid for profitable 
contracts so we did at a hurdle rate of 14%-odd and that is why our quarter-on-quarter 
numbers have been north of that. We believe in a long-term that is a good strategy, 
sometimes when the competition is too high, you tend to not bag many contracts but like I 
said in the long term that rewards the companies and the management as well because you 
are able to maintain a healthy balance sheet and you do not have any stretch on the debt 
cycles and the working capital as well. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
That is helpful. Just one last question from my side would be that in the last six months 
given where we were and the strong order book and visibility that we have which segments 
have we largely stayed away from the bidding perspective given that we were not seeing 
any profitability happening from those orders? So the last week last six months which of 
these segments would be the ones where we were staying away and in the coming six 
months also what would be your view like where would GPT be bidding more and more? 
So that would be my last question. 
Atul Tantia: 
We  stay away from a lot of the state government contracts because the payment cycles are 
quite stretched honestly. We bid for mostly central government contracts and sometimes 
one contract even for central government can have too much of competition which leads to 
someone or the other giving a lower bid than either we estimate or generally what the 
competitors are bidding at. We always like to maintain our hurdle rate and maintain our 
profit margins so we do not bid for contracts below that total rate. So it is a very disciplined 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
February 02, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 11 
strategy which pays off good returns in the long term. The segment I would say that we stay 
away from is mostly state government and municipal contracts. We do not like to bid for 
those contracts. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Our bidding strategy is largely dependent on the agency and the payer rather than seeing it 
in the light of roads, waterways, etc.? 
Atul Tantia: 
It is mostly determined by the agency especially and also depends and another segment or 
another geographical space I would say that we stay away from is any segment in the 
country which is disturbed socially or politically because we are quite careful and are quite 
concerned with how our team and our assets are protected. So we do not like the bid for 
areas which are safe for example, affected by any insurgency or the likes. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Just one last question from my side would be just to get a better understanding for on the 
ground view a large EPC player also declared their results and they have been consistently 
highlighting that they have been having issues for payments from the railway side so they 
have not been receiving payments from the railway agencies especially RVNL and the 
likes. So what would be the situation for GPT? Have we been receiving the payments on 
time or is there some delay from the railway segment? 
Atul Tantia: 
Fortunately, we have not faced any issues like that and we do not anticipate to face similar 
issues. How a competitor has or which contract they have I cannot comment on specific 
competition but for us as a company we have not faced any payment issues as on date and 
we do not anticipate that going forward as well. So we look at how railways has allocated 
funds for a particular project or a particular geography or even for that matter more than 
adequate funds for that particular geography or a particular project and then only we decide 
our bidding strategy and then on that basis we do invest in contracts. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Thanks. That is it from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would like to hand the conference over to Mr 
Atul Tantia for closing comments. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you everyone for your participation in our Q3 FY2022 earnings conference call. I 
hope that all of you stay safe and whenever eligible take your precautionary doses. In case 
you have any further questions, you may get in touch with our IR team Stellar Investors 
Relations or feel free to get in touch with us directly. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GPT Infraprojects that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may disconnect your lines. 
