AUROBINDO 
February 17, 2022 
To 
Listing Department, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (E), 
MUMBAI ·400 051 
Company Code No. AUROPHARMA 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call. 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI ·400 001 
Company Code No. 524804 
Please refer to our letter dated February 3, 2022 wherein we have intimated the schedule of Investors/ 
Analysts call on February 10, 2022. We are attaching herewith the Transcript of the analyst / investor call 
on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the third quarter and nine months period ended 
December 31,2021 and the same is being uploaded on the website of the Company and is available in 
the following web link. 
https://www.aurobindo.com/investors/results-reports-presentations/conference-call-transcripts/ 
Please take the information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
~ , ~ 
.. 
B.AdiReddy 
Company Secretary 
End: As above. 
CIN : l24239TG 1986PlC015190 
AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
PAN No. AABCA7366H 
Corp. Off.: Galaxy, Floors: 22·24, Plot No.1, Survey No. 8311, Hyderabad Knowledge City, Raidurg Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad . 500 032, Telangana, India. 
Tel: +91406672 5000 16672 1200 Fax : +914067074044. 
Regd. Off.: Plot No.2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad· 500 038, Telangana, India. Tel : +914023736370123747340 Fax: +91 4023741080123746833 
Email: info@aurobindo.com Website: www.aurobindo.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy – Chairman, Aurobindo Pharma USA 
 
Mr. Nithyananda Reddy –Vice Chairman &Managing Director, Aurobindo 
Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Santhanam Subramanian - Chief Financial Officer, Aurobindo Pharma 
Limited 
 
Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala - CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati - CEO of Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines and 
Peptides businesses 
 
Mr. Arvind Bothra – Investor Relations, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Quarter 3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
of Aurobindo Pharma Limited. All participants’ line will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. In order to 
ask a question, please signal by using ‘a raise hand’ (icon) option on the bottom of your screen.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arvind Bothra. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
 
Arvind Bothra: Thank you, Aditya. Good morning and a warm welcome to our 3rd Quarter 
FY22 earnings call. I am Arvind Bothra from the investor relations team. We hope you have 
received the Q3 FY22 financials and the press release that were sent out yesterday. These are 
also available on our website.  
 
I would like to introduce my senior management team today on the call with us, represented 
by Mr. P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy – Chairman, Aurobindo Pharma USA; Mr. K. Nithyananda 
Reddy - Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Aurobindo Pharma Limited; Mr. Santhanam 
Subramanian – CFO; Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala - CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited - the 
entity housing Aurobindo’s sterile and generic injectable products, oncology and hormonal 
oral business, and we also have on the line today Dr. Satakarni Makkapati - CEO of 
Aurobindo’s biosimilars, vaccines and peptides businesses.  
 
We will begin the call with summary highlights from the management followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Please note that some of the matters we will discuss today are 
forward-looking, including and without limitation, statements relating to the implementation 
of strategic actions and other affirmation on our future business, business development and 
commercial performance. While these forward-looking statements exemplify our judgment 
and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other important factors may cause actual developments and results to vary 
materially from our expectations. Aurobindo Pharma undertakes no obligation to publicly 
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. With that, I 
will hand over the call to Mr. Santhanam Subramanian for the highlights. Over to you Subbu.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Thank you Arvind, and good morning everyone. Hope all of you 
and your families are safe. Q3 FY22 witnessed a spike in overall cases with surge in Omicron 
variant globally. The quarter performance reflected some of the impact on our business 
performance in select businesses. We will now discuss the results for the third quarter of fiscal 
year FY22 declared by the company. We will be discussing ex-Natrol numbers throughout the 
call. For Q3, the company registered a revenue of Rs. 6,002 crores, an increase of 1% quarter-
on-quarter. The EBITDA before FOREX and other income declined by 20.6% year-on-year to 
Rs. 1,016 crores. EBITDA margin for the quarter was at 16.9%. Net profit decreased by 22% 
year-on-year to Rs. 604 crores.  
 
In terms of the business breakdown, Formulation business in Q3 witnessed a decline of 3.3% 
quarter-on-quarter to Rs. 4,992 crores and contributed around 83% of the total revenue. API 
business contributed around 17% and clocked a revenue of Rs. 1,010 crores for the quarter 
registering a strong growth of 48% on a year-on-year business led by improved demand for 
some of our key products. For the quarter the revenue from US Formulation decreased by 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
4.4% year-on-year to Rs. 2,745 crores. On a constant currency basis, US revenue decreased 
by 5.9% year-on-year basis to $ 367 million.  
 
We have received final approval of 4 ANDAs and launched 7 products in the quarter under 
review. We have filed 10 ANDAs including three Injectables during the quarter. In addition, 
we filed one 505(b) (2) NDA with the USDA. The total number of filings end of December is 
719. Revenue of Aurobindo Pharma USA, the company marketing overall products in the USA 
decreased by 5% year-on-year for the quarter. Revenue of Auromedics, injectable business 
decreased by 7% year-on-year to 63.2 million for the quarter. We are total 165 injectable 
ANDA filings as on 31stDecember 21, out of which 108 has received final approval and the 
balance 57 are under review or have tentative approval.  
 
The company as on 31stDecember 21 filed 719 ANDAs, with the US FDA on a cumulative basis 
out of which 494 have final approval and 30 having tentative approval, including 8 ANDAs 
which are tentatively approved under PEPFAR and the balance 195 ANDAs are under review. 
For the quarter Europe Formulation revenue clocked at Rs. 1,694 crores and increase of 1.4% 
year-on-year growth. For the quarter, Growth Market witnessed a growth of 2.8% quarter-
on-quarter to Rs. 397 crores. For the quarter, ARV formulation registered a modest 7.4 growth 
quarter-on-quarter at Rs. 155.7 crores, a de-growth of 64.9% Y-on-Y on a high base of last 
year.  
 
R&D expenditure is up Rs. 393 crores during the quarter, which is 6.6% of the revenue. The 
average raw material cost increased by about 4% during the quarter and the freight cost more 
than 20% quarter-on-quarter. Net organic CAPEX for the quarter is around $ 52 million. The 
average Forex rate was Rs. 74.82 in Q3 FY21, Rs.  73.94 in September 21 and Rs. 73.68 in June 
21.  
 
The average finance cost is at 0.7% mainly due to the availing of multiple currency loans. The 
business generated a free cash flow of $ 201 during this quarter which is the highest. Net 
working capital for the quarter has been reduced by $ 137 million mainly due to the reduction 
in the inventory, and we continue to make further progress on this front. Inventory alone we 
have reduced by $ 100 million and $ 175 million for the quarter and year respectively. As a 
result of the strong cash flow generated during the quarter, the net cash position including 
the investments at the end December 21, improved to $ 211 million. The gross debt is $ 499 
million, and we have been reducing the gross debt quarter-on-quarter and we will continue 
to do so.  
 
This is all from our end and we are happy to take your questions now.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask question may raise the hand from the bottom of your 
screen. Once your name has been announced, you will be unmuted, and you can ask the 
questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles.  
 
Once your name has been announced, please introduce your firm and your name, and then 
ask a question.  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
First question is from Mr. Tarang Agarwal.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Hello sir. Good morning. This is Tarang from Woodbridge Capital. Sir, two 
questions. Firstly, on the US business. If I look at the operating profitability head versus the 
corresponding period last year, it is almost entirely on account of gross margins coming off, a 
sharp decline. Can you give us a more granular sense as to what all drove this? What kind of 
price in key raw materials, the kind of price erosion that you might have perhaps witnessed 
at the marketplace? And were there any failure to supply penalties? Any provisions that are 
reflecting in the raw material cost? And how should we see this going forward from here on?  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: In US, this quarter there is a reduced profitability. The cost of goods 
have increased because our manufacturing costs have increased, input material and services 
cost and everything increased, and the sale also has come down to some extent. We hope it 
is a one-off thing and naturally the margins dropped because of this.  And quarter-on-quarter 
the price falls and last 3-4 quarters prices are fallen and we have seen very much lower drop 
in this quarter. But in the previous quarters there is no penalty we paid. Penalty we paid 
hardly 1 million out of 250 million sale or something like that. And penalty is not much, very 
minimal. We have enough stocks of 2.75 months, including the pipeline. So, this time because 
of input material, always our transfer from India cost is high. So that is the reason the 
profitability has come down and we are hoping we have touched the bottom, things will 
improve from now onwards. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Got it. So basically what I understand is, it is a functional, both erosion at the 
marketplace and input costs as well.  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy:  Transfer itself from India went into a higher price. So naturally, 
there is less profit 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Got it. Sir, you have purchased about $34 million of ANDAs this quarter. If 
you would give us some insight in terms of the significance of these purchases. And if I see 
the first 9 months, it is almost at about $150 million now. So, do we anticipate more purchases 
in this direction, which therapeutic areas of focus?  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No. We are not going to purchase anything because we got a) where 
we don't have the ANDAs which is not under development or b) under approved list. So, 
whatever we don't have, we bought the ANDAs. Even you develop those products that will 
cost more than that. This is only either CBE 30 or the change of API PIS that we are working 
very aggressively.  It is a total of 40 products. Out of that, 31 is the orals and 4 are Injectables 
three are dermatology and balance under transfer. So like that. Whatever we don't have only 
we got it because it came in at a reasonable price. So, we bought it for the strengthening of 
our portfolio. Previously also we have done like that. Wherever we don't have in our portfolio, 
and we feel that is required by the sales team, we will definitely make it; we will buy. But I 
don't think in next 1 or 2 years…we are almost, majority of the generic formulation we are 
there.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Got it. I have a couple of more questions, I will join back the queue. Thank 
you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Manpuria Neha. 
 
Manpuria Neha: Thank you so much. This is from Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Subbu, just to clarify on the gross margins. I understand this…because of the API growth 
would have also impacted margins. So if you could just give a breakup in terms of the impact 
on gross margin because of the US price erosion versus raw material cost versus the higher 
sales of API. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Yes, there is a change in the product mix during the quarter, and 
because of the mix, the impact from the gross margin is about 1.25%. Out of the total 3% +, 
1.25% comes on, balance is contributed both by raw material costs and the price erosion. 
Price erosion for the quarter is not very big, it is decent. But overall if you really see the year 
as one there is a significant price erosion. So out of the 3-3.5% gap which you are talking, 
around 1.25% comes out of the product mix.  
 
Manpuria Neha: Understood. And I didn't really understand your comment that price erosion 
in the quarter was not significant because if I were to look at the oral solid business quarter-
on-quarter, it seems to have come down about $34-$35 million. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No, definitely the price erosion has happened. In the last three 
quarters, all quarters together itself including shelf stock adjustment of around 10-11 million 
because of price erosion. Almost 45 million or something happened in this one. It means 
approximately 9% in these 9 months.  And we are pretty sure that seeing last one month or 
so something there is not much pricing reduction request are there.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: It is a cumulative impact which the Chairman is mentioning.  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Cumulative impact. 
 
Manpuria Neha: So, the cumulative impact is roughly about 9% in the nine months you are 
saying. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes, absolutely. 
 
Manpuria Neha: Okay. And sir, you mentioned that in the last one month you have not seen 
any more requests for price revision. Is it fair to assume…? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: At least onething, we have not got any request for reducing the 
price. ROFR it will be called, you know ‘Right of First Refusal’. We have not received any. 
 
Manpuria Neha: Okay. So is it fair to assume since we have hit the bottom in terms of the 
sharp price erosion we had seen because of inventory stocking. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: In the normal products, other than the niche products it is fair to 
expect this is the bottom.  
 
Manpuria Neha: Understood. And sir therefore going forward, how should we look at the 
growth for the oral solid business? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Now the future is very clear. Going down is very fast, nobody can 
stop it. Going up is a very-very slow process. It will take 3years’ time or something, improve 
the existing products prices and adding the additional orders of the existing products, adding 
our so-called 200 to 225 products of the new products, this is the area we will slowly, both 
sides we want to improve a little bit; that is our goal. I am talking oral side. In the injectable 
side in one or two, Yugandhar can tell, except in one or two antibiotic injectable so there is 
not much reduction in these 9 months.  
 
Manpuria Neha: Understood. And sir my last question. There is an announcement about 
Aurobindo exploring foray into domestic market. Can you give some colour on the thought 
process on that and what would be the strategy? Would we look at organic/inorganic 
opportunities? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Now this is the time we feel we have the cash flow, and we may get 
another 200-300 million extra additional cash flow in the next 4-5 quarters. So, this is the time 
we want to go to the either branded or OTC or personal care and all three together, then 
complete. Because things are changing in the branded formulation, people are not going 
multiple thousands of reps, that trend is slowly going. So, this is the time we want to go 
organic and inorganic. we start the first inorganic, then we want to reach in 3 years around 
1,000 crores sale is our goal, either organic or inorganic.  
 
Manpuria Neha: Understood. Thank you so much sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We request participants to limit your questions to two at a time. 
Thank you. And next question is from Mr. Deepak Gupta. 
 
Deepak Gupta: Hi, good morning sir. Thank you for taking my question. I am Deepak from 
Nippon Life Insurance. Sir the first question is, if you give us some update on USFDA inspection 
status for all your key plants? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: As on today, we have three audits; Unit 1 which is already under 
warning letter, again they came, again they have given the repeat observation warning letter.     
That we already are in discussion with the FDA and we have good advisors, and we will try to 
resolve in next 1 year. And the major issue has come in where we have the US plant. The US 
plant, which is a very small sale, it is a 2.5 million, already loss-making, we ourselves are 
thinking to stop that plant since we had the warning letter. That again, audit has come 
because it is a 68-year-old building, some leakages. There also we may expect some warning 
letter. Anyhow, we are not interested too. That plant we are moving to the new, there only 
we bought the brand-new model we are shifting from there. We are already doing that 
process. Unfortunately, they came in the meantime twice.  So apart from these two, the third 
one which we have is Unit V.  Now, the audit is going on in Unit V, API sterile. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Deepak Gupta: So, sir, can you give us an update on Unit IV and Eugia? Any inspection due 
over there? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: So, all the injectable plants, obviously like as you know we have for last 
2 years FDA has not done any audits. So all our units are obviously due for inspection, and we 
are ready to get inspected. I think across the world, across all companies, that is the same 
status. So, it is no different for Aurobindo. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: That is a good answer. You need not to ask me about Aurobindo. 
You ask everybody, the audit is due. 
 
Deepak Gupta: Sure, I understand sir. And sir the last question is, I missed the opening 
remarks. You may have addressed it, but there have been a lot of media articles talking about 
the fact that you are looking for investors in your injectable business. If you could give us 
some perspective what exactly the thought process of the injectable business. Thank you.  
 
Santhanam Subramanian: The BOD has constituted the committee of independent directors 
on November 8th for comprehensive evaluation of various options and alternatives, including 
the demerger for restructuring Eugia and related arrangement. Their evaluation by the COD 
is ongoing with inputs also being taken from certain advisors. We will inform the stock 
exchange once an option has been finalized and approved by the Board of Directors and as it 
is required by the applicable law and regulations.  The company fully cognizant of the need to 
create shareholders value and the Committee of Independent Directors is also aware of this.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Nitin Agarwal.  
 
Nitin Agarwal: Sir, thanks for taking my question. Sir, my question is on Eugia. If you tell us 
what is the global sales of injectable business this quarter?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Let me just tell you like this, Eugia is all about not only injectable, It is 
complete speciality business. It is general injectable, oncology injectable, oncology oral solids 
and hormonals. We are like clocking at a range of around 100-110 million every quarter; that 
is the last 3 to 4 quarters performance. We expect that it would go up to a double-digit growth 
next year. Nitin, any other question on that?  
 
Nitin Agarwal: Secondly, we are out at about $400 million thereabouts run rate for this year. 
You have talked about in the past $650-700 million run rate for the injectable business in FY 
24. I mean, how do you see this gap or this difference between the…it is a fairly large growth 
we are talking about next 2 years. How do we see this getting bridged? Any specific 
geographies, any specific launches, any thoughts on where we can get to in couple of years 
along this target? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: See, starting this year like, we are expecting significant launches 
happening from April of FY23. So, I expect like, starting from April, like we have a scheduled 
launches of around 10 to 15 products in FY23. That will drive the growth for FY23 and for FY24 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
also, we have significant assets i.e., filings and settlements for launches. So, we are pretty 
confident of 650 to 700 million in FY24.  
 
Nitin Agarwal: Thank you and best of luck.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Anubhav Agarwal.  
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Hi. First question is on the input cost inflation. So if you hear the comments 
from most of the companies, they have been guiding that the Quarter 4 impact will be more 
than the Quarter 3. So is that true for Aurobindo as well? Because from the commentary it 
seems like you guys trying to say that most of the impact were there in this quarter, next 
quarter it will be okay. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: You see, Quarter 2 itself there is a fall because of one or two one-
time sales are there in US. So, it looks better. It is not exactly reflected at the time in Quarter 
2. But the erosion has started, Quarter 1 onwards, Quarter 1, 2, 3 it has started because the 
pricing, as I told you from the beginning, we have three types of pricing reductions. One is the 
overall pricing reduction and all input material, be it chemicals, intermediates or the products 
have come down. And ARV business, now slowly improving this quarter i.e., the running 
quarter. Definitely it was better than last quarter, and we have visibility in next to 6 to 7 
months, may not be at the same level of last year. Loss of ARV businesses is another area. 
Third area and the most important area is input material cost increase and services cost 
increase. Services means like coal become double and the freight alone, we will send 370 
containments in a month. For a quarter, our freight has increased at around 8.5 million, in last 
2-3 quarters also increased. So, with all these things, we are very hopeful either freight or the 
coal has already come down, but that will be used after one or two months, because now we 
are using high cost coal because our coal usage is monthly 2.5 million. So, all these things, we 
are hoping that the costs will come down after winter Olympics and ARVs will improve little. 
So that is the reason we are telling in the beginning, this may be the bottom. In one or two 
quarters we will reach to the improvement stage. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: I am with you. My question was very simple, that did Quarter 3 reflected 
the bottom or Quarter 4 will be even worse, and therefore March quarter will reflect the 
bottom?  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: I don't think.  We feel Quarter 3 is the bottom. Let us see, but we 
have…January month is little better, and Quarter 3 is the bottom most level. After that, things 
should be either stabilized or improved.  
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Okay, that is helpful sir. And second is on the domestic market. When you 
talked about reaching about 1000 crores sales, what kind of capital you are trying to commit 
here, even when you are going organic/inorganic? And in this 1000 crores, target is what? 
Maybe I missed out. Maybe 3 years, you mentioned or what time did you mention? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes 3 years from the date of the first launch.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: And what kind of capital you are committing to reach that 1000 crore 
number? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: We cannot tell that whether we will buy these brands. It is difficult. 
But whatever the capital we are prepared for it.  
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Typically the norm in the market, it is about acquisitions typically happen 
at about 3x to 4x sales. So, are we talking…when we are talking about 1000 crores number 
you are talking about…? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yeah maybe.  
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Tushar Manudhane.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: Yeah. So just on a US generic piece. While the price erosion would have 
got subsided but the pace of launches have also considerably reduced compared to the annual 
run rates in the previous years. So how do we see the launch space improving, if it is hinged 
on US FDA inspections? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: we feel the US FDA inspections are things are improving now and 
more inspections are coming, and hence approvals also will increase.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: Okay. Even the injectable for which we are targeting 650-700, I am sure, 
I mean at least for the near term launches would be subject to the inspection and then 
subsequent approvals or it is more to do with the product review without inspections. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah. It is the product review without inspection and most of the filings 
and the approvals are dependent on just ANDA review, nothing to do with the inspection due. 
Because we have not filed any product in the new lines where inspection is necessary. So, 
from that perspective, FY23 and FY24 I don't see anything which is hinged on inspection per 
se.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: And just broadly, while maybe not sharing the name of the products 
typically what kind of product size you are targeting; approximate range if you could highlight. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: I think it is like an open news. There are a lot of products which are 
actually going off patent and starting from May, and you do your research and we are present 
in most of those off patented molecules. There is no significant launch on approval molecule, 
it is mostly off patent and it is in the range of 100 million to 1 billion.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: Understood. And any update on the implementation of the PLI scheme.  
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yeah. We have started the work. We already spent Rs. 400-500 
crores and we are very much, really excited. This is going to be the good project. That is what. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Because we are selectively investing in the API.  Then we are strengthening the 
existing…Nithyananda Reddy can you explain?  
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Yeah. This PLI scheme that we are going ahead of the project for 15,000 
tons of Penicillin G at Kakinada. Good thing is, we got extension up to 24 by one more year 
because of the COVID issues related to government that is happening. So already land 
acquisition is over, work is going on, CFE and the environmental clearance has come, all this 
has come and now construction is going on full swing. 
 
Tushar Manudhane:  And while you highlighted for – on the API side, there's been improved 
demand for certain products, but is that like for this particular quarter or you see this to be 
sustainable number? 
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Generally, now in the last quarter also a little bit improvement is there, 
that same thing will continue.  Last 3-4 quarters, it was very low.  The consumptions are like 
antibiotics and other things and due to COVID restrictions, there were not much sales 
happened.  Now these sales are improving.  We have a perfect base, we can go for further 
growth. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: And just lastly, whether this -- out of this quarter-on-quarter, how much 
would have been due to the raw material cost pressure and maybe how much was more of a 
volume like? 
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Raw material side, say 8% to 10% as import raw material cost has gone 
up.  Then solvents and other things have already Ramprasad has explained for the logistics 
and all the input logistics also gone up.  Now, that will slowly -- we hope that another one or 
two quarters, it will stabilize. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Alright, thank you.  Thank you for the opportunity. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  Next question is from Shyam Srinivasan. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Yeah, hi.  Good morning and thank you for taking my question.  Just first 
is on the biosimilar and the vaccines business.  So, if you can give us an update on some of 
the key molecules that are there, also on the vaccines, what's happening to our COVID 
candidate? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Yeah, this is Satakarni.  So, in terms of the biosimilars as you know, our 
second Oncology biosimilar has been filed with the European Medicines Agency in January 
2022.  So, this is according to the plan.  We are having three more biosimilars at different 
stages in phase III licensure clinical trials out of which an Oncology biosimilar monoclonal 
antibody that is currently being evaluated in a large phase III efficacy and safety trial will 
potentially be filed in the next financial year.  We are looking at Q3-Q4.  We have the last bits 
of recruitment to happen, so that's progressing well despite the COVID headwinds. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Q4 of this financial year, Satakarni? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Of the next financial year, starting April. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Okay. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: So, our development efforts with our second wave of biosimilars are 
entering into an important stage I would say with one product, which already advanced in this 
month as we talk into phase I trials in Australia and another product advancing into clinical 
trial, early clinical trial probably in Q1 of the next fiscal.  We remain otherwise on track with 
development of our other biosimilars both in Oncology and Immunology segments.  So, we 
are reasonably convinced about the progress that we are making with our biosimilars 
portfolio in both Oncology and Immunology segments.  To address your second question 
Shyam. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Satakarni let me just interrupt because just can I have quickly follow up on 
this right? So, we should assume a nine-month window for both these BP 13 and BP 14 right? 
Would that be a starting point and in terms of market formation or when there is market 
formation already in terms of your launch strategy also? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: So, essentially what we are looking at is with the regulatory timeframes 
during the COVID times, we assume about 267 to 270 days, which is roughly nine months and 
the market formation depends on the national phases that you are entering anywhere 
between 2-5 months roughly is the time that it takes to enter individual member (or national 
phase) markets after getting the approval through EMAs.  I hope that answers your question. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Yes.  Thank you. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: And with respect to your second question regarding the vaccines 
business as you told, we have given an update in November that the Vaccinity project did not 
move forward because Vaccinity failed to get an approval -- emergency approval from the 
Taiwan FDA, but our bacterial vaccine is currently in the first license of clinical trial and we 
will be able to make more commentary on this subject once we initiate the review of the 
pivotal data coming out of the trial somewhere in Q3, Q4 of the next fiscal and once to initiate 
the regulatory process in India.  Our other vaccine programs are at different stages of 
development.  So, we have invested in vaccines now.  The realization from the COVID scenario 
is that we have a backbone of capabilities in terms of our GMP, know how, in terms of our 
presence and marketing outreach that we wanted to stay invested in other vaccines.  So, 
that's building up really well and we hope in next two to three years’ time, we will have some 
advances made in key vaccine segments. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Very helpful.  My last question is on the Auromedics injectable number, I 
think 63 million, so 6%-7% decline.  So, what is still driving this? Is it still demand or is there a 
price erosion angle even in the injectable side? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: I think it is both.  We are averaging around 65 million per quarter for the 
last three quarters and we expect that it will be in the same similar range 65-70 and going 
forward, I expect that significant launches coming in, in FY23 like our run rate will significantly 
improve.  But it is both, like we have a slight price decreases here and there and there is also 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
volume increase in some products, so that they get offset with each other for the quarter.  So, 
it’s a running quarter like I'm just saying because they can be 2-3 million gap here and in 
general it's a stable pretty good state of business and starting quarter one of next year, we 
see significant growth possibilities. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it.  Sir, thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  Next question is from Surajit Pal. 
 
Surajit Pal: Hi thanks for taking my questions.  Just one question is that, Mr. Rao last time told 
us that antibiotic sales in the US could be the bitter cycle for hospital business.  Could you 
throw some light on update on how that antibiotic sales overall in the US is ramping up? 
The antibiotic sales in US is a precursor of overall sector wise hospital sales to go up. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy:  Now things are stabilized and the antibiotic market will get 
normalized.  It is slowly improving.  The new Covid patients in US also is drastically coming 
down. So, from next one or two quarters things will improve. The antibiotic sale already 
increased and other sales also will improve because of this. Because last two quarters, the 
hospitals also are very busy.  We are hoping in next 15-20 days things will be perfectly alright 
and things will improve, that's what we feel in US Injectables. 
 
Surajit Pal: Okay.  Thanks.  In domestic market, can you throw some light on which are the 
segments you could be targeting initially? or is it possible that you might be encashing your 
R&D project since the launch… 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: We can tell in next quarter and not in this quarter. We have a lot of 
plans and we will come back to you in coming quarter.  Coming one or 2 quarters we’ll have 
a lot of clarity. 
 
Surajit Pal: Okay, okay.  Thank you and all the best. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Thank you Sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  Next question is from Prakash Agarwal. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Yeah hi.  This is Prakash.  Good morning.  Am I audible? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Good morning Prakash ji, yeah perfect. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Sir, a question is on US FDA, so you mentioned that it's an ongoing process 
which we understand but tell me something when they started quite a bit of inspection in 
October, November, and suddenly in December-January. I think it is again slowed down.  
What is the current conversation with the FDA for this year’s inspection which are planned 
already? I mean are they coming on board or still desktop inspection is happening or what is 
a conversation that is happening? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No, no.  We feel in next 2 to three months, it will become normal. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
Prakash Agarwal: And they would start visiting again. 
 
 Nithyananda Reddy: The physical inspection will happen. 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yeah. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: That you expect to start in the next couple of months. 
 
 P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: In 2-3 months at least in both sides; India as well as America, things 
are very drastically improving in COVID side and we hope in 2-3 months it will be normal way 
of life. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay and sir understood.  And correct my understanding sir, I mean we 
have been hearing that lot of complex products approvals required pre-inspection etc.  So, 
there was a participant also saying that the run rate of approvals have come down especially 
the complex ones.  Is it related to that, or you think that is not required? Inspections are not 
required for complex products if the plant is approved? 
 
 P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: It is not like that. we filed 180-190 products, we have taken care. In 
previous products at least 60-70 products are tentatively approved or patent issues and all 
these things. We got stuck either in raw material because of Unit 11 or Unit 1 or something, 
but now the new approvals all are coming.  We hope it will come very fast from next month 
onwards, there is less related with the planned inspections. The two years back filings got 
stuck Just because of this type of API issues, now we are changing the API's source.  
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, very helpful and second question is just clarity.  I mean there are 
various participants who have asked, so are you saying that both from a Q&Q, US pricing 
pressure decline that we have seen as well as input cost, there is one more quarter of pain 
and then we start growing or you are seeing pain is behind us and we will stabilize from Q4 
onwards? 
 
P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: I strongly believe pain is behind us.  It doesn't mean it will overnight 
it will come down, in next one or two quarters,.  I'm not expecting any big price increase either 
import material or services which are in the price point.  That's what we expect. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: So, Q4 is stabilized? 
 
 P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yes. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: or it is still under pressure? 
 
 P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: May not definitely.  That's what I feel. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: May not decline further. 
 
 P. V. Ram Prasad Reddy: yes. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, got it, and sir, last one if I may, so we have a long list of complex 
products across different segments, complex segments.  In the past, we have said 23 is the 
year where we will start monetizing the complex injectable, peptide, penem etc. in a big way.  
So, is it more on the second half side or it is moving to fiscal 24 given the delays that you 
talked about across the industry? 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala:  Some of these things obviously like whatever we said it is FY 23.  I think 
we are still confident that like we will get some of the complex Injectables in fiscal 23.  Let's 
see like how it goes, but due to COVID, there are some development delays because some of 
the Injectables are getting developed in US.  Then, we have to take batches in India, because 
of the travel restrictions and also some of the validation batches and all, there is a quarter or 
two delays, but we expect that we will start doing the filings in FY23 and expect some 
approvals to come from FY24 onwards, but it will be a continuous journey with a quarter or 
two delays. 
 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay.  Perfect, great.  Thank you and all the best Sir. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  Next question is from Mr. Venkat.  Requesting you to please 
introduce your firm’s name before asking the question.  Yes, Mr. Venkat, go ahead.  You can 
unmute yourself, yeah.  Please ask the question.  Okay, we'll go to the next one.  Next question 
is from Mr. Anubhav Agarwal. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Yeah.  First question is on the PLI.  Just wanted to confirm, so when do we 
start this PLI production? Earlier timeline was April 23, will it be April 24 now? 
 
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Yes, that is expected FY 24 end, we are going to start the production sir. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: So, you were talking FY24 end is it? 
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Yes. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Okay, which is April 24, understood. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: 01/04/24, is the cut-off date we need to start. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Understood and the CAPEX is still at 2200 crores or is this changing CAPEX? 
 
 
 Nithyananda Reddy: CAPEX is 1,850 crores, one of the two projects we dropped, 7ACA and 
TIOC, so we restrict to only for Penicillin G.  We are going ahead with that project. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Penicillin G alone has 200-300 crores CAPEX increase because of 
increase in the heavy steel prices which they underestimated the equipment cost. Also, the 
land we bought for the future requirements 400 acres, we are using for Penicillin only 120-
130 acres.  Like that there is here and there some 200-300 crores increase in CAPEX, only for 
PenG. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: What is the number you mentioned 1,850 crores, Is it? 
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Yeah, around that. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: And out of this, how much is let's say, really on which incentives are 
applicable from the regulators, right? So, one is, I remember you guys were going for higher 
capacity  
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy    240 x 5, and now it is around 1,200. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: On 1,200 crores incentive.  Any particular reason we dropped the other 
product? 
 
 P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: No.  We have requested the ministry to regulate 7-ACA and D7-ACA 
and this is because 7 ACA is half and D 7ACA is half the demand.  Somewhere got struck with 
the government, because they have to go back based on Government rules and procedures.  
Hence it was not happening. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Okay. 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: The scheme is only for 7-ACA in domestic requirement is 50% 7-ACA 
and 50% -- almost 50%-55% D7-ACA.  Without D7-ACA, only 7-ACA is not feasible, and hence 
we dropped them all. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Yeah, understood, understood and Sir, just you talked about it, but just 
asking again, I'm not still clear, the sharp decline that we've seen in the US from quarter 2 to 
quarter 3, when price erosion was not much.  What explains this 402 going down to 366 in 
one quarter? 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Subbu. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: I'm on mute sorry Anubhav.  It's a combination of one is the overall 
reduction is not only attributable to the orals, it's a combination of everything, plus also there 
is a significant drop in the direct dispatches from India, where the third-party label sales  used 
to pick it up from India, which they are not picked up, that is one thing and second, then the 
distribution within US also, it's not a drop it in one segment alone , it is a small, small drop 
and about $10 million drop in orals like that; everywhere it is scattered. 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: It is only 30 million- sometime here and there in one segment more, 
so, it will happen in these difficult times. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Sure.  And what about the inventory levels for us in the US for our products 
like example? 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Anubhav, it is good now and we are working for another 100 million 
reductions overall in our working capital to increase the cash balance.  So, already our people 
done a wonderful job and we have still room for reduction for in especially in Europe and 
some areas and a 100-150 million, we have the room for reduction and increase the cash. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: No, actually my question was a little different sir.  My question was that 
lets say the problem that you guys mentioned earlier the industry is facing that lot of 
inventory was accumulated because of erratic supply last year due to COVID and those 
products are getting  
 
 P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: I think now the accumulation either they must have destructed, or 
they must have sold.  I think it must have already come because already one and half year is 
over.  There is no use of any stock. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: But how about that stock for Aurobindo? are you having stock, which is 
near expiry now? 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: whatever stock is there for some products like azithromycin, we 
already made provisions and we sold some products. we requested the distributors for some 
products, they already bought it.  whatever it, this issue maybe in one more quarter, 
afterwards there won't be extra stock. 
 
Anubhav Agarwal: Okay.  Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  Next question is from Cinderella. 
 
Cinderella: Thanks for the opportunity.  I just wanted to understand our strategy on European 
market.  For some quite some time, the market has been subdued for us.  So, how do we see 
plus on the injectable side also we had plans on our plant for European and ROW Market.  
What is the status on that? and when do we see this growth? is it because of lower approvals 
or what is the cause on the European side? Can you please help us understand? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: The injectable side first, after that Ramprasad Reddy then you can give 
the overall view.  In terms of the Injectables as you rightly said, we have decided to construct 
one plant in Vizag and it's almost complete and we'll be starting filings from middle of FY23, 
and we expect to start commercializing in FY24.  So, I expect it'll be a steady and muted growth 
in Europe for FY23.  From FY24 onwards, it should pick up. 
 
Cinderella: And overall market? 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Our overall Europe market, you see Injectables they are going 
through the oral division.  Oral divisions are going to have a distributorship for Eugia and that 
is the one area.  And overall, honestly, we also really struggling and we already filed around 
70 new products and another 180 in the development at various stage and definitely we are 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
very deeply studying with outside consultants also and how to break to the next level. i.e., 
from 900-1000 million to 1300-1500.  We are also on the job last two quarters. 
 
Cinderella: Okay.  And on the US side, we said that there was almost $10 odd million shell 
stock adjustment.  Was that taken in this quarter, or it is for the nine-month number? Can I 
have the  
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Nine months number madam. 
 
Cinderella: Okay.  Thank you so much.  All the best. 
 
 P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  Next question is from Praveen Kumar.  Mr. Praveen please unmute 
yourself.  Okay. 
 
Praveen Kumar: Hello sir.  Praveen here sir. 
 
Moderator: Yes, yes, go ahead. 
 
Praveen Kumar: Yes sir, the ex-MD talked about the buy-back that the board will review about 
the buy-back of shares whether it will be, we can expect in the upcoming quarter Sir. 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Subbu, what is it can you please tell? 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Yeah, there is no proposal before the board Mr. Praveen. 
 
Praveen Kumar: Okay sir. 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: As and when any decision taken, it will be communicated to the 
stock exchange, but we don't see it now. 
 
Praveen Kumar: Okay sir. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Arvind Bothra for the closing comments. 
 
Arvind Bothra: Possibly, we have another 3-4 minutes.  We can take one or two more 
questions.  Let's take the question. 
 
Moderator: Okay.  We have a question.  So, next question is from Mr. Surya Patra. 
 
Surya Patra: Yeah.  Thank you for taking my question.  Sir, just on the injectable business 
front, so when we have given an almost kind of doubling growth guidance for let's say over 
next two-year period, what share of that would be coming from the US and currently what is 
a mix in terms of US and other major market? If you can throw some light on that. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: It is going to be a significant portion is going to the US.  Even today it is 
75:25, and I expect in next two years as well it will continue to be 75:25; 75 being US. 
 
Surya Patra: Okay.  Second question is on the European business.  So, in fact it was always 
considered that Europe, the profitable progress in the Europe should practically support the 
overall profitability for Aurobindo, but on the revenue itself we are stagnating since sometime 
quarterly run rate wise, so you have just now guided that the 24 would be the key growth 
trend that we will be witnessing, but in terms of the profitable growth trend, so when do you 
think that okay the margin profile for the European business will improve and that will start 
contributing towards overall improvement of the margin of the Aurobindo as a whole? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: As Ramprasad Reddy garu said, like in the previous question, I think we 
are still doing what exactly the growth drivers are both for top line as well as bottom line and 
we are yet to come out with clear answers for the Europe business.  I think as you rightly said, 
we have come to a stage where we feel like we need to think differently to drive this business 
and that work is in progress and we will let you know in next two quarters. 
 
Surya Patra: Sure sir.  And just last question if I can, on the foray into the domestic business, 
what it is when mentioned, so here the thought process would be to replicate all the portfolio 
that we have created so far for the global market that would be implemented here as well, 
and how quickly that India foray can happen? Although you are in discussion mode, but 
whether this is like current financial year, any timeline on that front, if you can? 
 
 
Santhanam Subramanian: Sir, we have clearly given what is our thought process and the new 
business strategy is under evaluation.  Probably, we will be able to come out very clearly in 
the next quarter.  In the meantime, what we have said, the aspiration for us is in the third 
year we should be achieving a turnover of 1,000 crores and whether it can be organic or 
inorganic and we are also have surplus capacity etc., and we'll able to come out with a very 
clear strategy.  Having said that, we will not wait for the strategy work to complete so that we 
will start the work after that.  We will do the things parallelly in such a manner, we will be 
able to meet our aspirational growth. 
 
Surya Patra: Okay.  Okay.  Just one clarification sir.  Sir, in the last call you had mentioned 
about Revlimid that you have already settled that, and you are also likely to be launching the 
product before or in the first wave itself?  So, could you throw some light their sir? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: I'm not sure like whether we said it is first wave.  We do have a 
settlement and we are expected to launch the product in FY24 and beyond that because it is 
confidential settlement matters, we cannot say more than that, but yes, we will be launching 
in FY24. 
 
Surya Patra: Sure.  Okay.  Thank you, Sir.  Thank you for taking my question. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  The last question is from Naga Sridhar. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Naga Sridhar: Yeah.  Good morning one and all.  I am Naga Sridhar from Hindu Business Line, 
Hyderabad.  Am I audible? 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: Yeah, thank you.  Yeah perfect. 
 
Naga Sridhar: Yeah.  Yes Sir, I just would like to know the raw material import scenario from 
China Sir, in terms of cost wise and quality wise. 
 
 
P.V. Ram Prasad Reddy: There is not much issue in the raw material import, but the only thing 
is import price increase. Just like that, they are increasing the prices and there are internal 
issues are there. Because of the Winter Olympics, controls are there on the manufacturing 
because of that also shortages are there.  So, let this Olympics are over, then we'll see what 
happens. 
 
Naga Sridhar: Okay Sir, thank you very much. 
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Arvind Bothra 
for the closing comments. 
 
Arvind Bothra: Thank you all for joining us on the call today.  If you have any of your questions 
and answered, please feel free to keep in touch with the Investor Relations team.  The 
transcript of this call will be uploaded on our website, www.aurobindo.com in due course.  
Thank you and have a great day. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Thank you. 
 
Nithyananda Reddy: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you on behalf of Aurobindo Pharma Limited.  That concludes this 
conference.  Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
End of Transcript 
