February 11, 2022 
To, 
BSE Limited 
India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
East, 
Mumbai-400 001 
Security code: 503100 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
it. t..t THE PHOENIX 
,_.,- MILLS LIMITED 
Corp. Office : Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011 
Tel : (022) 3001 6600 Fax: (022) 3001 6601 
CIN No.: L 17100MH1905PLC000200 
National Stock Exchange of 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: PHOENIXL TD 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Further to our letter dated February 8, 2022 informing of conclusion of our Earnings 
Conference Call held on that date with Analysts / Institutional Investors on the 
Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021, please find enclosed herewith 
Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
This 
Transcript is 
also 
being 
uploaded on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://www.thephoenixmiUs.com 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Gajen ra Mewara 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
Regd. Office : The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. • Tel : (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9 • Fax : (022) 2493 8388 
E-mail : info@thephoenixmills.com • www.thephoenixmills.com

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q3 and 9M Results Conference Call 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q3 and nine months 
FY22 results conference call of the Phoenix Mills Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Management of 
the company has been represented by Mr. Shishir Shrivastava, Managing 
Director; Mr. Anuraag Srivastava group CFO; Mr. Varun Parwal, Deputy CFO 
and Mr. Pawan Kakumanu, Deputy CFO. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this 
time, I would like to handover the conference to Mr. Shishir Shrivastava. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Very good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. As always, it is our pleasure to 
welcome you all to discuss the operating and financial performance of the 
third quarter and nine months of FY22. Today before we begin with the results 
update, I would like to take this opportunity to extend a warm welcome to 
Mr. Anurag Srivastava, our group CFO, who has joined us from December 
2021. Anurag brings with him a rich and varied experience of more than 25 
years across diverse sectors like FMCG, retail, telecom, and infrastructure and 
across geographies. Most recently, he served as the group CFO at Sterlite 
Power Transmission Limited. Prior to that he has held senior positions at Tata 
Teleservice, Indus Towers, GSK Consumer Healthcare and the Future Group. 
With our company undergoing a period of fast paced growth and 
transformation, Anurag will be responsible for driving the company's overall 
financial and capital allocation strategy, unlocking shareholder value, future 
fundraise strategies, mergers and acquisitions, digital transformation of the 
finance and accounts division amongst others. These initiatives will help to 
organize, to manage, scale and evolve our businesses as we continue to 

 
Page 2 of 23 
accelerate our momentum. Anurag a very warm welcome and wishing you 
lots of success. 
Anurag Srivastava: 
Thank you Shishir. I am really excited to be part of The Phoenix Mills family 
and look forward to a fulfilling journey with the company. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
I would now take you through the key highlights of our results. In the retail 
business consumption was at Rs. 2,070 crore in Q3 FY22. Likewise, 
consumption in Q3 FY22 including Phoenix Palassio at Lucknow was at 100% 
of Q3 FY20, which is the pre-COVID quarter. Excluding Phoenix Palassio 
consumption in Q3 FY22 was at approximately 89% of Q3 FY20. Consumption 
in nine months, FY22, including Phoenix Palassio was at 60%, approximately 
of 9 month FY20. However, it is important to note that most of our coveted 
mall assets in Maharashtra were not operational for most of April through 
September period. In January 2022 our operational malls recorded a 
consumption of approximately Rs. 493 crores. This is at approximately 79% of 
consumption against Jan 2020, which is the pre-COVID period and 70% 
adjusting for consumption of Phoenix Palassio. January consumption was, 
however, impacted due to increasing cases and the third wave of COVID and 
local restrictions in certain states. This is on par with October 2021 
consumption levels. Further, trends observed in the first week of February 
indicate that consumption is back to pre-COVID numbers. As on date, most 
restrictions across states have been lifted and malls are close to resuming 
normal operations. Our retail collections have improved substantially. In Q3 
FY22, we witnessed an all time high of collections which stood at 
approximately Rs. 448 crore while for the 9 month period of FY22. Collections 
stood at approximately Rs. 698 crore. January collections remained strong at 
over Rs. 130 crore. Overall, we remain positive in our consumption recovery 
outlook for the fourth quarter on the back of improved vaccination levels and 
resumption of normal operations across categories. Moving on to the 
commercial office portfolio, our office portfolio continues to remain resilient, 
collection efficiency for the portfolio was in excess of 95% in Q3 FY22. 
Fountainhead Tower 2, we have seen strong leasing traction with 
approximately 48% of the gross leasable area getting lease so far. 

 
Page 3 of 23 
Fountainhead Tower 1 in Pune has a leased occupancy of approximately 95% 
and is fully operational. In December 2021, we also received the occupation 
certificate for Fountainhead Tower 3 today and expect to start generating 
rentals in the next few months. During the 9 months of FY22, we have signed 
new deals of approximately 1.9 lakh square feet of which roughly half is 
operational and the balance will become operational in the next two quarters. 
We have renewed deals worth approximately 2.1 lakh square feet during the 
nine months in Mumbai. Nine months FY 2022 office has benefited from 
rental contribution from Fountainhead Tower 2 and income is likely to 
improve in the coming quarters as over 100,000 square feet of area becomes 
rent generating in the next one to three months. To summarize, we have done 
a leasing of approximately 4 lakh square feet in 9 months FY22 of which 
renewals is 2.1 lakhs and new deals is 1.9 lakhs. A quick update on our iconic 
project at Lower Parel Project Rise. During the quarter, we executed 
agreements with the Canada Pension Plan Investments to develop a flagship 
office led mixed-use development, which will substantially complement our 
existing retail and hospitality landmarks at Lower Parel. We expect to add 
office GLA of approximately a million square feet and retail GLA of 
approximately 200,000 square feet at this new project. We have also made 
significant strides in securing approvals and crystallizing the development 
potential for Project Rise. We have received the commencement certificate 
for the project and are currently in advanced stages of design development. 
We are very confident of building an iconic office landmark destination for 
the city of Mumbai. Meanwhile, we are also progressing with our plans for 
developing offices at our mixed use projects at Wakad in Pune and Hebbal at 
Bangalore and also at Chennai and we expect to share more detailed updates 
as things crystallize at our end. Moving on to the residential business, we have 
witnessed good traction in residential sales mainly led by the reconfiguration 
of our Kessaku Property into smaller units and the robust demand for ready 
to move in inventory. Between April and December, we have sold inventory 
worth Rs. 130 crore. During Q3 we have sold inventory worth Rs. 32 crores. 
For 9 months FY22, we have additionally sold Rs. 31 crore of inventory, which 
is yet to be registered taking our nine month FY22 sales to approximately Rs. 
161 crore. Our collections from residential business during the 9 month FY22 

 
Page 4 of 23 
was at approximately Rs. 178 crore. In the month of January itself, we have 
sold inventory worth Rs. 18 crore and collected more than Rs. 22 crores. We 
are seeing strong buildup in demand and faster conversions for our ready 
inventory and we are stepping up all our efforts to sell inventory by launching 
attractive subvention schemes for the entire development, special offers on 
ready to move in inventory and digital marketing campaigns to widen the 
reach of our product. Momentum in sales is expected to continue in the 
coming quarters as well. A quick snapshot on our hotels, the hotel business 
showed strong improvement on the back of higher occupancies, social events 
and F&B. The St Regis Mumbai reported revenues of Rs. 55.3 crore in Q3 FY22. 
This is up 93% Q-o-Q and 140% year-on-year. While occupancy levels have 
reached pre COVID levels in Q3FY22, we expect average room rates to 
increase as well going ahead with the resumption of business travel and 
relaxation for foreign travelers. Similarly, Courtyard by Marriott had a good 
quarter and contributed approximately Rs. 10.1 crore in the third quarter 
FY22 with average occupancy of approximately 66% and ARS in excess of Rs. 
Rs. 4,260. Our under construction projects, a quick update on that our current 
pipeline of under construction malls, Phoenix Millennium at Pune, Phoenix 
Citadel at Indore, Phoenix Mall of Asia in Hebbal and Phoenix Palladium in 
Ahmedabad, and our newest mall in Calcutta will take up our portfolio of 
retail to approximately 13 million square feet of GLA. Construction work at all 
our sites is on in full swing. We expect Indore and Ahmedabad malls to be 
operational by mid to second half of FY23 and both Pune and Bangalore new 
malls should become operational by the first half of FY24. Retail interest in 
our under construction assets remains very high and we have seen significant 
traction in leasing activity in the quarter gone by. We expect Phoenix Citadel 
at Indore to cross 75% of leasing by March 2022. Phoenix Mall of Asia at 
Hebbal Bangalore should cross 50% by the end of this financial year and 
similarly, Phoenix Millennium at Wakad, Pune will also exceed 50% by March 
202. Phoenix Palladium Ahmedabad is already leased at over 75%. May I now 
request Anuraag to update you on the financial performance. 
Anurag Srivastava: 
Thank you Shishir. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Continuing with a 
briefing, which Shishir gave, I would like to share with you some of the key 

 
Page 5 of 23 
highlights of our consolidated financial performance. Our income from 
operations for Quarter 3 FY22 stood at Rs. 425 crores and Rs. 988 crores for 9 
months FY22. Quarter 3 FY22 EBITDA was about Rs. 231 crores while for 9 
months it was at Rs. 493 crores. Retail income came in at about Rs. 261 crores 
in Quarter three of FY22 and Rs. 546 crores for the 9 months, Quarter 3 FY22 
retail EBITDA was Rs. 251 crores and Rs. 530 crores for the nine months. Our 
commercial office portfolio reported a total income of Rs. 37 crores in Quarter 
3 FY22 and EBITDA of Rs. 21 crores. For the nine months, the commercial 
income came in at Rs. 115 crores and EBITDA was at Rs. 71 crores. While we 
remain confident to do an EBITDA in excess of Rs. 100 crores for the full year 
as occupancy ramps up across some of our assets. Our income from hotels 
was Rs. 65 crores in quarter 3 FY22 and Rs. 115 crores for the 9 months. 
Moving to collections, our gross collections from the business came in at 
about Rs. 1,113 crores for the 9 months of FY22 out of which retail 
contributed Rs. 698 crores., commercials was Rs. 122 crores, residential Rs. 
178 crores and hotels that Rs. 115 crores. This resulted in a 9 month FY22 
EBITDA for Rs. 493 crores and operational cash flow of 418 crores after 
payment of taxes etc. Proceeds from PE transactions with CPPIB and GIC were 
Rs. 2,600 crores for nine months FY22, while our CAPEX for the same period 
was 959 crores. Our liquidity position as on 31st December 2021 was Rs. 2,495 
crores, an increase of Rs. 758 crores as on as of 31st March 2021. This 
excludes undrawn OD limits of about Rs. 685 crores which are available to us. 
So, as a result our consolidated gross debt stood at about Rs. 4,305 crores as 
of 31st December as compared to Rs. 4,299 crores at the end of Quarter 2 
FY22, this is up by about six crores. Our average cost of borrowing continues 
to go down. It went down to about 7.61% from 7.84% last quarter. Cost of 
borrowing is further expected to decrease post refinance of certain existing 
loans which we are planning going ahead. PML share of gross debt is about 
Rs. 3,197 crores adjusted for the liquidity available with PML in form of bank 
balance, investments, etc. PML share of net debt is Rs. 1,264 crores only. We 
strongly believe that tough times are behind us now, with this extremely 
strong balance sheet position and liquidity position our focus is now to deliver 
on our under construction projects in time and judiciously deploy our capital 
to expand our portfolio. With this view would like to close our opening 

 
Page 6 of 23 
remarks, and we will open up the call for an interactive question and answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My first question is about the trading occupancy is still lower. It is not 
converged as leased occupancy. So, just run it with respect to like to like 
comparison versus pre-COVID once these two numbers convert. So, on a like 
to like basis what could be the exact numbers. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yeah, hi, your question is why the gap between trading occupancy and lease 
occupancy. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
No I already know so once these numbers convert, like to like basis versus 
pre-COVID level what kind of annual rent we are now averaging on lease 
occupancy. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
We have across all our assets we have several stores which have either 
undergone a churn or they have gone into refurbishment. So, we expect this 
to converge probably in the next I would say in the next two quarters. We 
expect to see our trading occupancy move up to closer to 90-92%. A positive 
impact of this to the rental income you know would be across the portfolio 
should be approximately Rs. 100 crore. This does not include any rent 
escalation which will further take the rental income up position. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir once you have the rental escalation in place and the trading occupancy 
meets the headline occupancy, so we were averaging at around Rs. 1,000 
crores of rentals pre-COVID. So what the number will be once these two 
things happen say by FY23 exit excluding Palassio and new mall in like-to-like 
comparison. 

 
Page 7 of 23 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
I think to answer that question we should see, let's say an annual run rate of 
about Rs. 1,200 crore including Lucknow after let's say from June onwards, 
that would be our estimate. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Second question is on rethink on the business development pipeline where 
we have been partnering with each and every mall. Now as COVID is largely 
behind us and with such a strong balance sheet and cash position and real 
estate unfolded, there is hardly any debt on the shares and we will include 
that for the malls we have 100% maybe much higher than we have been 
diluting with the partners there for business development pipeline. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So I would say that our focus at present is to deploy the capital that we have 
raised in the GIC platform and there are several opportunities that are under 
evaluation in various geographies. We continue to look for opportunities even 
beyond that and for us, you know, without having much debt, we have strong 
partners at the asset level. I think growth is imminent. It is about just getting 
the right opportunity. We have enough liquidity on our balance sheet, as you 
rightly pointed out to be deployed for such opportunity. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My last question is, could we see acceleration now on the BD side given that 
we have a strong position, acceleration in the pipeline where we can have 
some projects where we have 100% stake and some projects may be mixed 
with partners. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Sorry, can you repeat the last part of that question? I didn't understand the 
100% stake. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir I am saying we have been diluting with partners like CPPIB some capital to 
deploy with GIC. So, given that most of the COVID is behind us and with a 
strong balance sheet, we may look at adding more malls now in a more 
accelerated way wherein some malls may have 100% economic interest and 
others may continue to partner CPPIB or GIC. 

 
Page 8 of 23 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So, I am really sorry, but your line is a little weak, I am not able to appreciate 
what is the question. Is the question that are we evaluating acquiring assets 
outside of our partnerships? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yeah, sir, I was saying that we have given a guidance we will be adding a new 
mall beyond FY25 so now since the balance sheet is more strong and most of 
the other competitors are also looking out at adding one. Do you think that 
given the strong balance sheet we can add more malls beyond that one 
number and can we have like, if our mall 100% stake economic interest while 
in some malls we may continue to partner with CPPIB or GIC. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So okay, so I will break this up into two parts. My response, we had a stated 
goal of increasing our retail GLA to excess of 12 million square feet, which was 
our goal that we had set out for ourselves in 2018. This was pre-COVID. We 
are well on track delivering that goal. In fact, we wanted that number to be at 
12 million by FY24 and we expect to be achieving that. We had also a stated 
goal that each year after that we would add approximately a million square 
feet with the Calcutta acquisition. The FY25 target is also in place. We have 
extremely active on the BD side we are looking for opportunities in the 
markets of Hyderabad, Surat, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Navi Mumbai amongst 
others. So we are active there and I think we are well on track to continue 
adding a million square feet of our portfolio even beyond FY26. Having said 
that, your second part whether we will be looking at adding assets on our own 
balance sheet with 100% stake. At present we do not intend to dilute any 
further to raise any capital with any private equity partner on any of our 
existing assets. We do have liquidity in our JV platforms which we are going 
to be looking at deploying and I think it is going to be a little opportunistic, 
some assets we will be acquiring through our JV platforms and some may be 
outside of that as well depending on our partners preferences. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line Punit from HSBC, please go ahead. 
Punit:  
My first question is you talked about new leasing of the new upcoming malls 
reaching almost 50% Is it still LOI or is it the commitment number? How 
should I read this? 

 
Page 9 of 23 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
When I mentioned that Phoenix Citadel, Indore should cross 75% by March 
2022. This would be a committed number with an LOI executed and security 
deposit received. 
Punit:  
Okay, security deposit received, okay. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yeah and similarly, that would be the case with all the other malls as I 
mentioned. 
Punit:  
Sir even where Bangalore, Pune where you have 50% committed number with 
security deposit received already. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
By March, we expect to be at that number. 
Punit:  
Okay, by March. Okay and Ahmadabad you said about another. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yeah 85% yet to be received. 
Punit:  
85% already received security? 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
75% is where we are where we have already received security deposits. 
Punit:  
Okay. That is very good. Second is, you know, how is there any thought from 
retailers or any push from retailers to renegotiate rental during the Omicron 
impact. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Not particularly Punit nothing as such in the, you know, this was a I would say 
it was a short wave and the resurgence of or the bounce back on 
consumption, which was at the same in January despite two weeks of impact, 
January consumption was similar to October 2021 and last two weeks, the 
consumption has been near to 100% Jan 2020. 
Punit:  
Okay, that's interesting. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
That kind of gives the, you know, the confidence to the retailers and therefore 
not been any discussion on negotiation of rentals. 

 
Page 10 of 23 
Punit:  
Understood so now you are saying that by February things have returned back 
to normal in terms of consumption, trading, etc. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yes. 
Punit:  
Okay. Okay, that's good. The last one is on if you have been able to conclude 
your discussion with cinemas and food court, any comments there. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So we have concluded our discussions with all cinemas and all F&B operators 
at Food Court even otherwise, and even the other dine-in restaurants. There 
is nothing. As such, there is no deviation to really respond or report on right 
now. 
Punit:  
So will they come back to normalcy from 4Q or is it going to be 1Q in terms of 
rental contracts and all. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Multiplexes, for example, Q3 consumption across the board, multiplexes 
were at 10% above Q3 FY20. 
Punit:  
So 10% above Q3 FY20. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yeah. That's right. Jan. January was of course impacted, because again of the 
restrictions and the wave, but, you know, Q3 numbers were quite, gave us a 
lot of confidence. Several of our F&B operators are seeing, you know, are 
seeing very, very good business. In fact, if you just look at Q3 numbers, they 
were at the consumption in F&B was at about 2% higher to the pre-COVID 
period. 
Punit:  
Okay, that is good. Sir despite the fact that actually in many places, they were 
still, you know, 10 to 20%, lower, or on an average 11% lower on 
consumption, Q3 FY22 versus Q3 FY20. Cinema was higher and Food court 
was higher. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
That's right. 

 
Page 11 of 23 
Punit:  
Very interesting. So is it fair to assume that for 4Q FY22, which is the current 
quarter and next quarter, the cinemas will be back to their normal run rate in 
terms of paying rents, etc? 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
I would, we certainly hope so. Because I think it would be better for us to 
observe for the next month or so and then, you know. It also depends a lot on 
the content that is available to be. 
Punit:  
No what I mean to say is there is no concessional deal given to. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
That there is it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Shishir my first question is in continuation with the previous one. So while we 
have seen our consumption being pretty robust, rental, still not caught up to 
the same level. So, you know, again, checking any concessions that were given 
in Q3 and how should we look at this trend going forward because across 
most assets, where I see we are at about 80-85% of pre-COVID, whereas 
except for if even, you know, even if we take out Palassio, our consumption 
numbers are almost there, so that would be my question number one. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yeah, so I would say that there would be in Q3 FY22, excluding Palassio our 
rental income was at Rs. 236 crore and pre-COVID quarter was at Rs. 270 crore 
across our entire portfolio, but if you look at specific malls right, look at 
Bangalore, Bangalore was at 97%, Rs. 38.6 crore versus Rs. 40 crore, Phoenix 
Market City Pune was at Rs. 43.2 crore versus Rs. 45.8 crore. So, it was close 
to 95%. All of our assets have been trending closer to about 95%, 90-95% 
range. Mumbai, because of the serious restrictions, severe restrictions did see 
an impact and those restrictions continued on into Q3 and, in fact, Mumbai 
and Pune only opened up by the end of October fully as such, so there was an 
impact in that quarter. But overall, if we look at the overall rentals, overall we 
were at about close to 87% compared to pre-COVID levels and Mumbai Pune 

 
Page 12 of 23 
our three assets did see an impact of the restrictions and you know being shut 
until September and October. 
Pulkit Patni: 
No but consumption there were almost back to normal so, you are saying 
there was no additional concession that were given to any of the tenants then 
and in which case, I mean, if we adjust for January, wherever it is, our rental 
collections will also catch up what you are saying very soon is that the right 
way to look at it. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
The right way to look at it is there were some adjustments for the Billings 
done in Q1, Q2 which were negotiated during the period of Q2 and Q3, and 
that impacted our rental numbers for Q3 reported in Q3, but for that period 
of Q3 itself, there were no as such no really remarkable concessions. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Got it. So, whatever has to be done is done and dusted now and going 
forward, it will be a normal number that one should expect. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
That will be correct. 
Pulkit Patni: 
That would be okay. My second question is just looking at our commercial 
portfolio and I clearly see an increase with from us on commercial, I mean, 
even if we look at Project Rise, which is predominantly a very-very, you know, 
robust retail asset for us already, you know, we are doing a lot more 
commercial and that to when our rental collection or our rental rate is not 
probably one of the highest in that micro market if I look at the lower part, 
so, just wanted to get a sense of why 1 million commercial and 200,000 retail 
there, why not full retail. Give us a sense on the thought process there. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Okay, so we are taking the benefit of the development regulations to be able 
to go under the CBD scheme and develop the maximum FSI potential. 
However, it is important for you to understand that the area where one can 
build this, the footprint is very limited and as you go higher up, you can do a 
mall, which may be ground plus three or ground plus four levels, but beyond 
that retail will not really work. Therefore, the tower portion is going to be for 
an office. 

 
Page 13 of 23 
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay, so it is basically trying to optimize the space that we have available. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
First, just a clarification on how the rental agreements were currently 
in Q3 and Q4. So, have most of the tenants moved back to the minimum 
guarantee sort of arrangements pre-COVID or is there still some time to go 
for that and what is the percentage also, for the overall tendency on minimum 
guarantee. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Almost all tenants have moved back to contractual minimum guaranteed rent 
and many of them with escalations as well. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, so, sir would you share some means a percentage number is it 
like 85-90% or so. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
It would be closer to 95-96% have moved back to contractual rent. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
This is from January or some previous quarter. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
This is from January. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay from January and is there any further collection spillover which 
may happen in Q4 from the previous nine months of the year from the rental 
collections. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Collections spillover. Yes, of course, there will. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Sir so our reasonable assumption is this number maybe on a group 
basis our retail rental income may cross Rs. 800 crores for this year. Is that a 
correct way of looking at. Means we at least achieve the run rate we have 
achieved in Q3 of Rs. 260 crores group level. 

 
Page 14 of 23 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
I would think yeah, it we should be somewhere so let's say for nine months, 
our number was at about nine months rental income was about Rs. 550 crore. 
I would add perhaps another 200 odd crores coming in the last quarter. So 
say Rs. 250 crore more so, that would take us closer to Rs. 800 crores. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. So, that is I think a minimum and something higher and have 
the overall revenue sharing also have we gone back to pre-COVID or is it now 
higher share of revenue? Sorry, the revenue share portion will be higher this 
time compared to pre-COVID. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yes, there would be some there would be some spillover of our negotiations 
with retailers where for us for a period after you know the discounts and on 
minimum guarantee rent, we would be accruing a higher revenue share. So, 
that should probably continue in several cases till March of this year, and in 
few cases till July of the year. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, so sir my next question is on escalations. Sir as you talked about 
at a portfolio level, what would be sort of blended sort of escalation in FY23 
considering like we are have almost three, sorry, a couple of years washed 
out due to COVID and overall the inflation which has been there during that 
time. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
I would suggest you connect with Varun offline and get a detailed break up 
on this. Compared to let's say, if we just look at the last quarter, compared to 
December quarter ended December 2019, Our MG would be up by 
approximately 10% in the quarter ended December 2021. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, and also sir my question molds around, what are we looking 
ahead like in FY23, right, when things normalize and everything right. So, what 
is the sort of escalation see one could expect at a portfolio level? 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
You know, see, it is not a very simple and straightforward answer, we are 
looking at there is a significant churn which is ongoing at several of our assets 
and we are looking at new categories and new retailers coming and taking up 

 
Page 15 of 23 
that space. I do not have an overview on what could be the escalations arising 
out of these changes. So it would be incorrect for me to hazard a guess. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay, sir last question is on our upcoming assets. Indore and 
Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Wakad. What is the Indicative rentals we have 
done the leasing at if you could just share till date. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Indore is roughly at about close to Rs. 90 rupees a square foot. Ahmedabad is 
close to about Rs. 150. Bangalore Hebbal is at about Rs. 160 again and Wakad 
Pune would be about Rs. 115-120, but this is all the mall level average, since 
we have leased across different categories. 
Moderator:  
Before we take the next question a reminder to the participants please limit 
your questions to per participant should you have any follow up may we 
request to rejoin the queue. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan 
from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Shishir since mall operation are stabilizing across the country like now how 
are you looking at the new acquisition landscape now like you know are the 
deals fewer versus say you know, a year back or on the terms are getting less 
favorable versus a year back or is it otherwise. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So, Kunal we have actually we were scouting for opportunities in you know 
completed or operational assets, but we did not find many malls which would 
meet our specifications or design standards. So, for us, the focus is only been 
acquiring greenfield opportunities land. Land pricing really had not seen any 
reduction or drop in land pricing in the last year or as such and it continues to 
remain stable. So, we are looking at Greenfield acquisition opportunities 
across the market that had earlier mentioned. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Sure, but you are saying the land prices are still the same, there is no change 
over there. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
I would say the stress may have reduced a little bit, but we have not seen any 
significant movement in land pricing as such. Because, you know if we are 
looking for opportunities for us, we are looking at 8 acres going up to 15-16 

 
Page 16 of 23 
acre land parcels and there are not too many purchasers for that size and also, 
as a matter of fact, like I said the prices had not really dropped in the first 
instance. Land owners had not dropped their expectations on the pricing in 
the last year and a half. So it kind of remained stable. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Sure. My second question is on the ARR side like your occupancy in the hotel 
is very close to the pre-COVID level, but they are almost like 40% below the 
pre-COVID level. So by when do you think by ARR will normalize. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So in Mumbai, I think, generally across the board ARRs have been in the range 
of Rs. 7,000, 7,200, 7,500. The last quarter has been all about getting the 
occupancy up and we expect to see, you know, it is pretty typical when you 
start seeing a higher occupancy in excess of 75%, the ARR start moving up. If 
I were to just crystal gaze, I am hopeful that in this next quarter, Jan, Feb 
March, typically, which is a slow quarter, but there are a lot of several 
corporate events and social events that are lined up that should take our ARR 
up, but whether it is going to hit Rs. 10,000 or Rs. 12,000, which was the pre-
COVID level, I cannot really hazard a guess again on how long it will take to 
reach that it all depends on demand. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Okay. My last question is a book keeping question actually. So if you can give 
us an overall balance CAPEX on your under construction portfolio and if you 
can break that up into Indore, Hebbal…. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
I can give you approximate numbers if we just look at the malls, our total 
CAPEX across mall at Phoenix Millennium Pune, Wakad; Mall of Asia at 
Hebbal, Phoenix Citadel at Indore and Phoenix Palladium at Ahmedabad. We 
have so far spent about Rs. 2,485 crore. The balance cost to complete is about 
estimated at about Rs. 1,540 crore. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Rs. 1,540 crore, right. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yeah. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Okay, and if you this will include Project Rise. 

 
Page 17 of 23 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
No, this will not include Projects Rise. These are only four malls which are 
under development, which are going to be delivered between FY23 and FY24. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Okay, great. Is it possible to give a breakup or should I take it offline. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yeah, you can you can reach out to Varun and get it offline. 
Kunal Lakhan:  
Sorry and one last question on how much was the spend on approvals. How 
much was spent on approvals or FSI and premiums in Q3.  FSI and premiums 
to be paid pertaining to Project Rise. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Pertaining to Project Rise. So in this last quarter, I think we have spent about 
Rs. 35 crores on some of the premiums etc. that had to be paid. If you need 
further details on the granular level, you can again connect with Varun and 
get that information. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the lineup Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi. Please 
go ahead. 
Prem Khurana:  
Sir my question was with respect to our tenant I mean because of the COVID 
situation, the way the things have been in the recent past, I am sure even you 
would have realized the way some of these categories are kind of reacting to 
the COVID situation or I mean were required them to make changes. So do 
we envisage any meaningful change in that the tenant makes in terms of 
categories later either by design because some of these categories are not the 
right fit for you now after COVID or by choice I mean where in some of these 
tenants would kind of move out on their own where in they do not get to the 
level, where they are required to stay back and then in these malls anymore? 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Prem not, particularly if you are asking if there is a fundamental change in our 
approach and our category mix. No I do not know, I do not think. We have 
seen several of our F&B operators, you know going through a lot of financial 
stress, but that also seems to be you know behind us simply because the 
demand on F&B side has been extremely high. So, entrepreneurs have been 
able to you know, sustain themselves and raise capital. There may be few 

 
Page 18 of 23 
vacancies on that front, but as such there is no likelihood of any fundamental 
change in our category mix. 
Prem Khurana:  
Sure, and any change in the way you structure your agreements now, have 
you been approached by any of these clients where in I mean, they want you 
to have more of the revenue share and less of minimum guarantee now, 
because they want you to kind of get aligned more on or with the business 
prospects or with the way the consumption would kind of shape up or going 
forward? 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Again, no structural change in the revenue share versus the minimum 
guarantee rent. 
Prem Khurana:  
Sure and just one last book keeping question, I mean, the liquidity that you 
talk about Rs. 2,500 odd crore, possible to share, I mean, how much of this is 
essentially fungible and I understand that you have Rs. 2,500 crore, but a large 
part of this money is lying in some of these SPVs let’s say CPPIB, Island Star, 
which is meant for a specific purpose or Calcutta that again is meant for 
specific purpose. So, how much is the free capital which is your own actual 
own capital where in I mean you will be able to use it for your growth in your 
personal capacity and not in.. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
We have about I would say that we have liquidity of about Rs. 900 crore at 
Phoenix Mills Limited level and in addition to that, we have undrawn OD limits 
of about Rs. 680 odd crore. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amandeep Singh from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amandeep Singh: 
So Shishir my first question is on the competitive landscape. So what we hear 
is that LuLu will be opening it’s mall in Lucknow by April and separately they 
have also announced investment in Ahmedabad recently. So in that context, 
can you give us some sense on how the upcoming supply in your key micro 
markets would stack up. Given you also have a sizable pipeline across micro 
markets and any initial sense on how LuLu’s recent mall in Bengaluru would 

 
Page 19 of 23 
have done given the offerings like hypermarket or entertainment center, like 
Funtura, so how their products would differ from yours. So some sense on 
that. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Oh, I really do not have a comment on LuLu’s Mall and its performance. I think 
when they opened in Bangalore, they were very widely well accepted. We 
have not seen a dent in our consumption or our business on account of the 
mall opening there. There is also a fundamental difference in the category mix 
and the brand mix that we have between our two malls. I think there is a bit 
of a differentiator between us and them. On a Pan India basis, there are not 
too many malls that are being built and we remain confident in our own 
model. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Thanks for it and whilst we agree that Bangalore Mall won't be having any 
impact because our different location, can we, will it be fair to assume that 
similar would be the trend because of Jio World Drive in BKC? Again, a bit 
different locations and target audience so no impact on your Mumbai malls. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yes, again, I would say that the Jio World Drive in BKC again a very-very good 
quality asset. It has not really impacted our consumption neither at Phoenix 
Palladium, Lower Parel nor at Phoenix Market City at Kurla.  Again a 
combination of different category mix and different brand mix. 
Amandeep Singh: 
My second question is on the residential side. So we acknowledge that 
Bangaluru as a micromarket has been doing well and also has also been 
reported by the other listed players. So in that context, any sense on when do 
you think that the company will be able to monetize the entire residential 
portfolio. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So currently, we are selling our ready inventory which is largely in Kessaku 
and some inventory at Tower 7 of One Bangalore West. We still have to launch 
towers 8 and 9, I think considering what the velocity wave it would be fair to 
estimate a 20 crore per month kind of sales velocity which we should we 
expect to be continuing to see going forward as well. By, our best estimate, I 

 
Page 20 of 23 
think we should look at being able to exit Tower 7 and Kessaku in the next 30 
odd months. 
Amandeep Singh: 
And my last question if I could squeeze in. So two our assets, Pune and 
Chennai have seen some impact lease occupancy amid the COVID so in that 
context, can you help me with the thoughts on the relaxations for fresh 
lessors over here and which category tenants would be in inquiries to expand 
over here. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Did you call out specifically Phoenix Marketcity Pune in your question? 
Amandeep Singh: 
Phoenix Marketcity in Pune and Phoenix Marketcity in Palladium, Chennai, so 
these 2 assets. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yes, I think the pertinent number to look at is not the trading occupancy, is 
the leased occupancy because leased occupancy is, you know, as I mentioned 
earlier, during the call, we have seen several of our stores or our brand 
partners either moving out and new ones moving in or some of them are 
renovating their stores. So as a result of that the trading occupancy may be 
showing lower but Phoenix Marketcity Pune is still at a leased occupancy of 
91% and Phoenix Marketcity, Mumbai is still at least occupancy of 94% and 
the trading density, one the trading density side for the areas that are 
operational in Pune we have not seen much of a difference. In Mumbai, yes, 
there has been a reduction from Rs. 1,400 come down to close to Rs. 1,100 
that again, was more not because of the stores not performing it was because 
the stores were shut. The malls were not allowed to operate and we really 
started seeing this malls becoming operational end of October. so that is it 
seems there was an impact. 
Amandeep Singh: 
Shishir Just to clarify I was talking not about the Mumbai or the Chennai. So 
overall leased occupancy is that 90% versus the 97% pre-COVID. So I just 
wanted to get some sense on which tenants would be thinking to expand over 
here the category of tenants, which would be sending in to expand. 

 
Page 21 of 23 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
In Chennai, we are seeing a transitional vacancy, because at Palladium we are 
also seeing the first renewal cycle coming to an end. So that is the transitional 
we can see on account of that and in addition to that we have some mall 
upgrade going on in Phoenix palladium at Chennai as well. Is there is there a 
second part to you question? 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma:  
So most of my questions are answered. Still two questions from my side. Sir I 
am just trying to understand you have been mentioning some churn, some 
significant curns. Could you give us some insight what kind of churns why this 
churns happening. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
It is end of contract related churns 
Biplab Debbarma:  
So is it like a lot of renewal happening this quarter is that what you meant? 
And new tenants will be replacing some of these old tenants who may be not 
doing renewals is that what you mean by churn significantly. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So, in Chennai as I mentioned, we do have the end of the first renewal cycle 
which has kicked in and there is a churn on account of that. We are also 
looking at in several locations, we are looking at relocating some of our 
existing tenants within the mall to other locations and creating you know, 
luxury zones etc. So, there is an improvement in the tenant mix that we are 
looking at across these locations. If you would like to really understand what 
was the exact vacancy in this quarter on account of renewals or on account 
of such churn, you can reach out to Varun and Advait for more granular 
information. 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Okay, no issues. Second thing is just trying to understand on the footfall level, 
consumption level you have given us clarity. On the footfall level in any of this 
month or weeks has the footfall level crossed the average of pre-COVID levels. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
See footfalls are at about 70 to 75% of pre-COVID levels. 

 
Page 22 of 23 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Okay, still it is that around 70 to 75% last time also that's same. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
Yeah, but again if you look at this is the average for the quarter right. 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Yes sir. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So, so, again bulk of our malls in Maharashtra have not been open for the till 
end of October as such. So there were restrictions on the timing as well. There 
were timing restrictions as well, at different locations. There were different 
restrictions for some period of time in Bangalore, you had a weekend curfew, 
and again an early closing time. 
Biplab Debbarma:  
So is it okay to say that once this restriction goes away, we would be probably 
in terms of footfall back to the COVID level almost. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
See I will again, clarify for us. This consumption is what we focus on driving to 
the malls. There is you know, there's a certain profile of customers that comes 
in spends money at the mall and they are coming in, therefore the average 
ticket price per person is higher. We will continue to focus on consumption. 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Okay and one final question on of this, this under construction mall, they are 
nearing completion at advanced stages, sir, all these four malls, when do you 
expect the full fledged rentals to kick in, in all these four malls, full-fledged 
rentals. 
Shishir Shrivastava:  
So we expect Indore and Ahmedabad to open in H1 of FY23? Right, so 
typically, it takes about three to six months for all the stores to become 
operational. I would think FY24 would be the first full year of full potential 
rental in Indore and Ahmedabad and for Phoenix Mall of the Millennium in 
Pune and Phoenix Mall of Asia in Bangalore, which will open in FY24. One can 
expect that by middle of FY25, we will start seeing the full run rate on the 
rental side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take that as 
the last question for today. On behalf of the Phoenix Mill Limited that 

 
Page 23 of 23 
concludes this conference call. We thank you all for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
