 
VAIBHAV GLOBAL LIMITED 
 
E‐69, EPIP, Sitapura, Jaipur‐302022, Rajasthan, India • Phone: 91‐141‐2770648, Fax: 91‐141‐2770510 
 
Regd. Office: K‐6B, Fateh Tiba, Adarsh Nagar, Jaipur – 302004, Rajasthan, India • Phone: 91‐141‐2601020, Fax: 91‐141‐2605077 
CIN: L36911RJ1989PLC004945 • Email: investor_relations@vaibhavglobal.com • Website: www.vaibhavglobal.com 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: VGL/CS/2022/19      
 
 
 
 
      Date: 03rd February, 2022 
 
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of conference call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
With reference to captioned subject, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call held on Friday, 28th January, 2022.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Truly, 
 
   For Vaibhav Global Limited 
 
 
 
   Sushil Sharma 
   Company Secretary  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, C‐1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: VAIBHAVGBL   
                          BSE Limited 
                          Phiroze JeejeeBhoy Towers, 
                          Dalal Street, 
                          Mumbai – 400 001 
                          Scrip Code: 532156 
  
SUSHIL 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
SUSHIL SHARMA 
Date: 2022.02.03 
23:02:52 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Vaibhav Global Limited 
CIN: L36911RJ1989PLC004945 
Regd. Off.: K-6B, Fateh Tiba, Adarsh Nagar, Jaipur – 302004 
Phone: 91-141-2601020; Fax: 91-141-2605077 
Email: investor_relations@vaibhavglobal.com; Website: www.vaibhavglobal.com 
 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
January 28, 2022 
 
 
Karl Kolah: 
Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us on Vaibhav Global's Earnings 
Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Sunil Agrawal – Managing Director, Mr. Vineet 
Ganeriwala – Group CFO, and Mr. Prashant Saraswat – Head, Investor Relations. 
 
We will begin the call with opening remark by Mr. Sunil Agrawal on the business 
operations, key initiatives, and a broad outlook; followed by a discussion on the 
financial performance by Mr. Vineet Ganeriwala. After which, the management will 
open the forum for a Q&A session. 
 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or 
discussed on today's call maybe forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties we face. A detailed statement and 
explanation of these risks is included in the earnings presentation which has been 
shared with you earlier. The Company does not undertake to update the forward-
looking statements publicly. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Sunil Agrawal to make his opening remarks. Over to you, 
Sunil. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Karl. Greetings to all and thank you for joining us today in earnings 
conference call of Vaibhav Global Limited for the quarter ended 31st Dec 2021. I 
hope all of you, your colleagues and near & dear ones are healthy and keeping safe. 
 
I hope you would have reviewed the results and earnings presentation. Revenue in 
Q3 grew by 3.5% YoY on a very high base of last year and grew strong 33.2% over 
Q3FY20. Our 9M revenue grew by 10.3% YoY and by 38.9% over same period FY’20. 
Post Q1 of this financial year, consumers went for revenge outings and vacations, 
thus impacting demand. This phenomenon continued in Q3 leading to muted revenue 
growth across digital retail industry. 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Festive demand was encouraging, however demand tapered in later part of Q3, owing 
to omicron uncertainties. Gross margin were at 60.4% had a slight contraction of 1% 
YoY mainly due to product mix and demand supply mismatch at product level owing 
to longer transit times. Generally, EBITDA margin during the quarter was 11.4%, 
excluding Germany, it would have been 13.2% versus 17.4% last year. EBITDA 
margins were impacted owing to cautious investments in digital marketing, OTA 
households and elevated sea freights. A greater thrust is being laid on improvement 
through better cost and price management in the coming period. 
 
During the quarter, investments on new OTA homes, Digital Marketing, Market Places 
Marketing, and OTT marketing continued. These investments are intended to support 
our growth ambitions for coming years. These investments have already given us 5% 
higher unique customers in Q3 compared to last year, and much stronger growth of 
40% over Q3 FY20. 
 
In US, our revenue and unique customer counts on OTT has tripled YoY, implying a 
great opportunity in this market for us. Our current investments will build on significant 
opportunities in the long run across our addressable markets in USA, UK and 
Germany. Retail is  rapidly moving digital and we perceive that today's savvy 
shoppers want to feel digitally empowered online experienced, hence we recently 
finished upgrading our tech infrastructure on Salesforce Commerce Cloud. 
 
Our recent expansion in high potential German market is faring well and offers 
tremendous growth prospects on TV, Digital and marketplace platforms. There have 
been certain earlier than planned airtime tie-ups resulting in higher than planned 
upfront investments. However, we may now be breakeven by third quarter of FY24 in 
Germany, which is approximately one year earlier than originally projected. 
 
We believe in seeding investments for long-term growth. Recently, TJC UK 
announced Freeview Channel change to #22 from erstwhile Freeview Channel #50. 
This investment is expected to enhance the viewership of TJC’s proprietary TV 
channel substantially with corresponding increase in its market share, thus providing 
long-term growth opportunities. 
 
Similarly, Shop LC (USA) has decided to move its headquarters to an owned premise 
whose construction is expected to be completed by September 2024. This move is 
expected to bring operational synergies and substantial savings in future. We have 
also acquired 60% stake in Encase Packaging Private Limited India. This acquisition 
will further consolidate our existing integrated supply chain and give substantial 
saving in packaging costs. We perceive that these investments might impact return 
ratios in the short-term, but it provides huge growth opportunities for our future. Our 
vertically integrated model, and our supply chain network spanning 30 countries, is 
the backbone of our business and a key differentiator vis-a-vis our peers. The low 
cost manufacturing with value sourcing base enables to serve our value conscious 
customers in our addressable markets in the US, UK and Germany. This is very 
industry leading gross margins for VGL. 
 
The 4R's, widening Reach, new customer Restrictions, customer Retention, and 
Repeat purchase remains to be our key priorities for our overall growth. The reach of 
our TV networks by the end of Q3 FY22 was approximately 127 million TV homes. 
We reach TV homes through cable, satellite, telco networks and over the air antenna-
based OTA platforms. Our products are also available on digital channels including 
all proprietary websites, smartphone apps, OTT platforms and marketplaces. 
 
New registrations in trailing 12-month period continue to be strong and came in at 3.1 
lakhs compared to 2.8 lakhs in the corresponding period of the previous year. Our 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
engagements with new customer deepens, we expect to continue to drive bigger 
volumes. Customers bought an average of 29 pieces on TTM basis from us compared 
to 27 pieces in the corresponding period of the previous year. This reflects our ability 
to not only support change in customer preference, but also respond to them with 
agility. 
 
Finally, our retention rates stood at 42.3% on TTM basis compared to 51.4% for the 
same period last year. Retention rate has been lower owing to many essential 
customers as well as more stay-at-home buyers last year. 
 
Q3 has been transient in nature. But the underlying long term business prospects are 
promising. Our team's confidence and optimism is reassuring and well prepared to 
capture future growth. We expect our overall revenue growth to be 8% to 10% in the 
current financial year, on top of 28% robust growth of last year. We expect our growth 
rate to be 13% to 15% in next financial year, and 15% to 17% in midterm. 
 
Sustainability is at the core of everything we do. And the same is reflected in our 
mission and guides on everyday decisions and actions. We are enthused to share the 
fact that our SEZ unit in Jaipur has been conferred with IGBC Performance Challenge 
2021 for Green Built Environment, Excellence Award under Factory Category and 
have become the first and only jewelry plant in India to achieve this milestone. 
 
Vaibhav Global Limited has recently bought 84 two-wheeler electric vehicles for its 
employees. These EVs will be deployed for employee's commute. These are 
expected to sequestrate 25 tons of carbon every year and will aid in our sustainability 
effort to become a zero-carbon company in future. 
 
Recently, we have crossed a milestone of 61 million meals through our One for One 
Program, Your Purchase Feeds, for school children with a run rate of 59,000 meals 
being donated every day. We have a robust cash flow model and track record of 
returning meaningful cash to shareholders. Hence, Board has recommended third 
interim dividend for the year which is Rs. 1.5 per equity share. 
 
In the end, we would like to reiterate that there are multiple levers for future growth 
and margin improvement and our long-term ambition is to sustain growth whilst 
building decent operating leverage. With this, I now hand over the call to Vineet, to 
discuss financial performance. Over to you, Vineet. 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Thank you, Sunil. Good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to Vaibhav Global's 
earning conference call. While Sunil gave you some details on overall performance 
and business status in the just concluded quarter, I will now take you through our 
financial performance for the quarter and nine month  ended 31st December 2021 in 
detail. 
 
In person shopping, which gained momentum in Q2 continued during Q3 as well, 
which was later also impacted by Omicron led uncertainty in the digital retail industry. 
Consequently, e-com industry across the US and UK faced temporary headwinds with 
declining sales mix of online sales. Amidst this macro challenges though temporary 
in nature, our revenue grew by 3.5% over Q3 FY21. But when we compare it with 
same quarter of FY20, it is substantially up by 33.2%. 
 
In local currency terms, Shop LC (US) revenue grew by 1.1% year on year and Shop 
T JC (UK) had a decline of 6% year on year in Q3 this year. In UK, the e-commerce 
industry was impacted the most amongst our addressable markets. The mix of e com 
market to overall sales retail in UK dropped by almost 4.4% during Q3, as suggested 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
by the macro data. We believe these trends are temporary in nature, and we expect 
the industry to recover as shown by the macro indicators as well. 
 
Our recent investment in UK where in Shop TJC's Freeview Channel will now be aired 
at #22 from erstwhile #50 and is expected to enhance our viewership substantially. 
We are confident that our new broadcasting rights in UK will allow us to strengthen 
our visibility in the long term. And we'll continue to gain market share out there. 
 
Our TV revenues grew by 1.8% year on year to RS.Rs. 467 crore whereas digital 
revenue grew by 4.5% year on year to Rs. 268 crore, implying relatively improved 
traction and reassures our sustained investment on digital platforms. TV refers to our 
proprietary TV channels that includes free to air channels on OTA platforms as well. 
 
Currently, digital sales mix to overall retail sales is 36% which includes our proprietary 
websites, shopping apps, OTT platforms, marketplaces, and social commerce. This 
omni channel offering promote and encourage customers to transact on both TV and 
digital platforms, which gives them a unique shopping experience. And such omni 
channel customer tends to be sticky and have a significantly higher lifetime value than 
customers who buy only on TV or only on digital. Omni channel also provides 
opportunity of cross selling over platforms. 
 
During the period, the budget pay revenue mix was at 39% of retail revenue, ensuring 
flexibility to customers to buy high ticket size items as well with ease. As far as our 
product mix is concerned, jewelry accounts for 70% of the total retail sales and the 
rest 30% is comprised by lifestyle products, which includes apparel, home decor 
items, beauty and accessories. 
 
Over the last many years share of non-jewelry has increased multifold, indicating our 
ability to take higher wallet share out of the same household. Q3 witnessed a slight 
dip of 1% in gross margins year on year, which was largely on account of the product 
mix. Through our robust vertically integrated supply chain we were able to manage 
supply headwinds, which is grappling the entire industry and maintained our gross 
margins at a very healthy level above 60%. 
 
Our EBITDA margins dropped from 17.4% to 11.4% in Q3. This is attributable to 
increase sea freight, our accelerated investments on digital and broadcasting and our 
initial setup cost in Germany. We believe current EBITDA margins are not true 
reflection of our business model and expected to revert to our earlier levels of mid-
teens in the medium term. 
 
Profit After Tax for the quarter is Rs. 69 crore as against Rs.92 crore Y-o-Y owing  to 
above-mentioned increased investments. Operating cash flow was Rs. 67 crore for 
the nine month period, impacted by higher than planned inventory which is expected 
to unlock in the coming quarters. 
 
Free cash flow was minus Rs. 155 crore as we underwent major Capex towards 
warehouse robotics automation, purchase of land bank in USA for our new 
headquarters for shop LC, initial setup cost of Germany and towards upgrading tech 
infrastructure of our mobile websites and mobile apps. The said investments are 
expected to provide synergies in terms of cost optimization, functional integration and 
resultant growth opportunities. 
 
On a TTM basis ROE and ROCE were 26% and 38% respectively. These ratios reflect 
short term impacts of conscious business investments which we are making but are 
still at a very healthy levels and that are at par with our normal pre COVID years. 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Finally, the Board of Directors have recommended third interim dividend of Rs. 1.50 
per equity share for Q3 FY22. 
 
Towards the end, I would like to say that our balance sheet remains lean and healthy. 
We continue to remain alert and agile to ground developments. We are doubling down 
on market connect, digital initiatives and remain confident on our resilience and ability 
to outgrow markets. Gradual restoration of markets and normalcy is expected 
throughout Q4. However, we are adopting pragmatic approach to continue to gain 
further market share. With this, I hand over back to the Moderator. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
I had three questions. First one if could you probably help me understand, so in 
Germany, I think you all are mentioning the unique customer count is roughly now 
about 6000 odd, right? In the end of December, just in terms of repeat purchase or 
let's say frequency, how are these numbers tracking there? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Repeat purchase currently is tracking about 8 purchases per customer. So, digital 
customer is lower and the TV customer is higher. So, 8 purchases since we pretty 
much started in September. That would be about 4 months period. Now, annualized 
it will be higher. We don't have the data yet. Just let me reconfirm.  
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
So, 8 is annualized repeat. It is improving month by month. So, when we started it 
was 2, 3. Now in the quarter we see already an annualized repeat of 8. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. So, and then the next one is let's say your integration of the platform in both 
US and UK, would it be fair that you all are now present across platforms largely 
where you all have to operate? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, all digital platforms, marketplaces, digital through mobile desktops, tablets and 
social media, YouTube's, OTT, pretty much everywhere. 
Manish Poddar: 
So, would it be fair that a large part of the spends which you would require for probably 
integrating or the initial investment, which you need to do for US and UK is largely 
behind, and here onwards, whatever will be the integration plus, some bit of marketing 
spend, which you might have to do, depending on campaigns, that might be the only 
spend, which you would have to do, there won't be any material or cover in spends. 
That is what I am trying to understand for this two geographies? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes. So, we won't have as much Capex because our warehouse automations are 
done. Our major platform Capex are done, only further investments will be on 
marketing automation that we want to create through Salesforce marketing 
automation. So, we already signed up the agreement with them last year. So, there 
is a continued thrust on that space to leverage our customer base. 
Manish Poddar: 
And  cloud also it happened in both the geographies? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Everything's on cloud now, US, UK. 
Manish Poddar: 
For both the geographies, but for both UK and US? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
UK, US, Germany all are on Cloud. 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. Great. So just two more questions, looking at your Slide 29, where you are 
talking about EBITDA margins for 9M. So, the EBITDA margins clocked in this 9M is 
12.4%. Now there are two numbers, one is 14% and one is 15.4%, one highlighted in 
that. Can you probably help me understand what are these two numbers, first? It's on 
Slide 29. 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Okay. So, the two numbers mentioned, first of all, our EBITDA margin for the 9M is 
12.4%. If you exclude Germany, the margin is 14%. So, that's what 14% means that 
if we exclude the Germany loss, ,i.e., initial setup loss for this year, our EBITDA 
margins are 14%. That's what it means. Overall EBITDA is 15.4% down  year-on-
year. So, the 9M EBITDA is down by 15.4%. But the moment you exclude Germany 
loss, it is down by 5.2%. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. So, like the bridge, which you have for the Q3, where in you mentioned gross 
margin, and elevated sea freight, which is have roughly about 170 bps impact. Would 
you have a similar number for 9M? And just wanted to understand, have you taken 
pricing increase to cover all this inflation, which you are seeing, at unit level, or at 
freight level, or anything of that sort? And I am just trying to understand from a pricing 
per se, have we covered that -- in Q3 170 bps is the impact, for 9M, I am not sure 
what the number is, first of all, if you can share that number? And second of all, have 
you taken the commensurate price increase to offset that? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
So, our gross margins for the 9M is 63% against a gross margin of 62.7% for the 
same period in last year. So, there is a 30 bps increase in our gross margins. Some 
sort of pricing push we were able to do to our customers, but the entire impact of 
freight is not neutralized, there is some impact of freight in the 9M period as well. In 
the last quarter, the impact was very high. For a 9M period also, it will be like the level 
of 0.7% to 1% kind of an impact for freight. So maybe a 30 bps increase in gross 
margins but close to a percentage point impact on higher freight for the 9M period, 
these two numbers can be taken. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. Just one last one. So, can you probably help me understand the conversion 
from EBITDA to OCF has been low in the 9M. Now, we have a lot of inventory which 
is there on the balance sheet or what is missing in the math? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Yes, you are right. So, our inventory has gone up from March to December it is up by 
about 180 odd crores. Part of that is because of all these supply chain issues, which  
the industry is grappling with in terms of the delay in supply so, the inventory in transit 
is also high. And part of it is also because we prepared for a higher sales quarter, but 
we are seeing lower sale too, we have item in hand as end of December. So, that's 
impacting the operating cash flow for the 9M period. Having said that the corrective 
actions in terms of our future buying is already on the ground hitting. So, we should 
see some unlocking to start from Q4 of this year. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Shah from Envision Capital 
Services Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Shah: 
So, I just want to refer to a report of MasterCard, which came out in the last week of 
December, which talked about US holiday sales, jumping 8.5% and online shopping 
surged 11%. And categories, like apparel and jewelry grew at 47% and 32%, 
respectively. So, I don't know if you're aware of this report. But if you can just kind of 
share your perspective, because our growth rate has been starkly different from the 
growth rates, which this report specifically refers to? 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, I have not seen this particular report, Nilesh. But what we are looking is tracking 
the data from QVC or Evine or these comparable companies. All these companies 
had negative growth year over year in last quarters, last couple of quarters. QVC had 
9% or 10%, negative growth and Evine had 7% or 8% negative growth. So, compared 
to them, we are gaining market share. I know from UK data; it shows that the non-
food online purchase contracted in last quarter. And in US, I don't know exact report. 
Vineet, do you have access to the report. 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Yes, so while the overall retail grew in both the geographies in this festive period, the 
online actually has contracted. So, if we look at US online sales to the total retail sales, 
so it jumped from 11% to 14% in FY20 on the back of pandemic. In Q3 of FY22 it is 
again down to 13%. So, there is a contraction in overall e com in the larger space. It 
is more prominent in UK. So, from a level of 28% online share to total retail sales in 
UK, actually it went as up as 33% in Q3 of last year, it is again down to 28% in Q3 of 
this year. So, in summary, what you were mentioning, while the MasterCard data also 
shows an increase in the retail performance, but online percentage to total retail mix 
is declining in both the geographies in the same period. 
Nilesh Shah: 
Okay. I'll probably share the report. Because maybe here the share is declining, but 
basically still it grew in double digit. So, that was essentially my point. My next 
question is basically our new guidance for the current financial year of 8% to 10%, 
which means that in Q4 will probably have to grow at about 6%. And given that we 
did Rs. 750 crore in Q3 and Q4 which means we'll have to hit again Rs. 700 crore to 
Rs. 705 crore. How confident are we for this significantly tapered down guidance of 
eight 8% to 10% for this financial year? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yeah. So, we are seeing the traction now of similar growth, as currently we are seeing 
the growth similar to what we have seen in Q3 in all geographies put together. But 
given the investments that we've done in the new channel position, and new OTA 
homes, and digital, as we have also seen from new customer acquisition growth is 
higher this year compared to last year's robust growth. All these customers and 
investments gives us confidence for maintaining this guidance. 
Nilesh Shah: 
Again, I turn to the guidance for next year, which is 13% to 15% given that next year 
should be a normal year. I'm actually just wondering why should our guidance for next 
financial year be lower than the medium-term outlook given that now Germany kicks 
in and Germany can potentially add 3% to 4% kind of growth rates to our overall 
growth rate. So, in that context, if I kind of do ex-Germany, maybe then what we are 
guiding for is probably close to about 10% growth rate for US, UK. Is my 
understanding, correct? And why would we want to kind of guide for a lower growth 
rate versus our medium-term growth rate? Given that we anyway, now are dealing 
with a relatively lower base of FY22? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yeah. So, good point. Having burned the finger once, right, we just want to be 
conservative. And given that the last year, or the current financial year, the growth 
rate has been very strong through May. The first quarter was pretty strong. And we 
want to be careful not to comp higher growth provision for first quarter in next financial 
year. So Q4 of FY22, and Q1 of next year, there will be subdued growth and from Q2 
onwards, you will see a strong growth. 
Nilesh Shah: 
Okay. Also, the B2B businesses essentially backed though on a low base, but that 
has grown quite well. So, just wanted to understand that while our overall retail 
business didn't manage to kind of grow relatively at a higher pace, but the B2B 
business grew at a higher rate. So why would this have happened given that overall 
demand was perhaps sluggish in markets like US and UK? 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So earlier, we were selling B2B from our US subsidiary to Macy's, or Evine all these 
companies. And that was not giving  ROI. But 2 years ago, we started offering our 
manufacturing capability, to directly source from our supply chain in India and China. 
And that seems to be getting good ROI for us. And these retailers, mostly digital 
retailers, and some BNPL retailers as well, so they are finding our value to be 
compelling and buying from us. There is one customer from Japan and a couple of 
customers in US, and couple in Europe, so they have been having higher offtake from 
us. It doesn't have any front-end expenses and gives us a bit of a scale in our supply 
chain. 
Nilesh Shah: 
And just one last point. There were again, media reports that in the quarter gone by 
there were some kind of information which was being sought by the US authorities 
from retailers for all the BNPL exposure that they have, and all of that. Just wanted to 
ask if you're aware of that, have we received any such communication, any thoughts 
on that, given that BNPL is now close to 40% of our revenues? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So BNPL has been around this number for us for many years now, within that 35% to 
40%. So, we've not increased much exposure on this. And no, we've not received any 
inquiry or any communication from government. 
Nilesh Shah: 
Thank you. That's helpful. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Ambit 
Investment Advisors Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Yes. Thank you. So, sir the first question is on the ASP. So, when we look at the TV 
ASP, it has gone up materially by almost 25% YoY. So, just want to get more clarity 
on what is driving this higher ASP? And a related question on this is, I think on the 
gross margin, there was a comment that it's related to mix. So, you know, while the 
TV ASP has gone up, if you can throw some more color also that how the mix got 
impacted, which hurt our gross margin? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, on TV this year, even to some extent even on E COM our customers were putting 
more orders for higher-end product, probably they had more disposable income. So, 
we offered them what they needed. And more related to jewelry, but not so much 
apparel, handbags and beauty products, which they pulled in amongst higher 
products, so beauty accessories, like anti-ageing equipment and all that, but largely 
driven by jewelry that gave us high price point. 
 
The next point about product mix. So even though this kind of disruptions happen, 
when people are staying home they were buying a lot of  home product like home 
improvement, home games and bedsheets and all that, when people goes out, they 
want more apparel or handbags or some beauty products and some accessories, 
jewelry, outgoing accessories. So, when the transit times are longer and the product 
mix changes, so there is a disruption into supply chain demand versus supply. So that 
leads to a bit of a disruption. And that refers to our commentary on gross margin in 
product mix. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure. That's very helpful. Now, our second question is in terms of digital and 
broadcasting. So, in terms of investment into digital and broadcasting days, do you 
see the current quarter numbers being, true reflection of more of a sustainable run 
rate? Or do you see that there is more investments to be needed? And particularly on 
this, I just want to understand, because what happens is, there are two key things, 
which happened during the quarter, so I think one was your, faster airtime in 
Germany. And second thing was also the improvement in our channel to 22 from 50. 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
So, because this might have happened in between the quarter. So, do you see that, 
the broadcasting and digital expense are going up in subsequent quarters? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, we could do to take opportunities wherever offered to us. Actually, last couple of 
quarters, we had opportunities in OTA space, in US and acquiring one SKY channel 
in UK, and in Germany, also, we found many opportunities are faster than we 
expected. So, they give you opportunity and the airtime usually returns investment, 
which takes about almost a year, sometimes even longer than a year to get to our 
cadence of airtime, cost versus revenue. So, we take this opportunity whenever 
offered. From a digital, actually -- from business point of view, we're seeing more 
traction in digital space. And we've made investments in digital marketing, 
marketplace digital, OTT digital, and mobile and desktop digital. So, we've seen good 
customer acquisition, and you must have seen from the numbers, and they're helping 
us quite a lot. And so, your question about continued investment in coming times. So, 
from OTA point of view, if the opportunity comes, we will invest, but we don't have a 
clear visibility on how much more investment or more opportunities will come. So, I 
would guide you to look at our current run rate of our investment of digital and airtime 
combined to be there in Q4, and next year, as well. But our guidance is taking that 
into account of revenue growth, as well as leverage for the next year will definitely 
give leverage in our existing geographies compared to this year, most definitely. But 
hopefully, we're closer to FY21. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure. And just last bit is I think the base quarter is also inflated because of a lot of 
consumers buying essential items. So, is it possible to give some color that if you kind 
of take out the customers who were first time buyers last year and just bought 
essentials. So, if we have to take that out how does the retention ratios look? Or the 
other way around could be when we look at the TV and web volumes, so for example, 
if TV volume is down by almost 20% on a YoY basis, but if you have to actually 
exclude the essential items, right, which are not something of our core customer, then 
how that the typical TV volume would have looked like if that is available? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
That is not available right now. But Prashant can pull the data and share with you, 
Ashish in due course. But we do see, when you look at 2-year stack, our customer 
numbers are really robust. We have vivid color on that. So, in Q3 FY20 when you 
compare with that, our total customer number is 40% higher, compared to last year it 
is only 5% higher. So, the customer numbers are very robust for us and that gives us 
confidence of continued future growth. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, sure. That's really helpful. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Ashish. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Runjhun Jain from Nirmal Bang 
Securities Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Runjhun Jain: 
What is the freight charges status now? So, has it stabilized or you see that it is at the 
higher level and still would take probably some more time to come down? Because 
we have also seen from the other industry and other players that it is now stabilized 
and probably picked out. 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
We saw an impact of about, say 2% EBITDA margin in Q2, which has come down to 
about 0.7% EBITDA margin in Q3. So, we do see some softening in terms of the 
overall impact. However, the current reality is that it is still far away from the normal 
levels of the last year. While the Baltic index and other freight rates also show a 
decline in the current month, the corresponding end mile delivery has increased 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
substantially in the last 2-3 months owing to the port congestion in different parts of 
UK and US and the non-availability of the last mile delivery operators etc. So, all put 
together the inward freight cost, though the impact have reduced quarter on quarter, 
but it's still not back to the old levels. We hope it will continue this way to improve and 
in the coming quarters we should start seeing some more unwinding of the same. 
Runjhun Jain: 
Sir, can you also quantify the Germany impact like you had given for Q2 that it was 
2% impact in Q2, what is in the Q3 now on EBITDA? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
1.8% in Q3. So, the 11.4% EBITDA margin which you see so excluding the Germany 
loss for Q3 it is 13.2%. So, 1.8% is impact out of that. 
Runjhun Jain: 
Okay. Sir, last question. You have said that the demand was impacted because 
people were going out. However, in the later part of the month, December at the end 
of the quarter, we have seen that there were restrictions all around the world. And 
people were again, kind of getting stuck at home and not going out much. So, you 
see that has increased any demand? So, what I'm trying to understand is, is there an 
improvement in the demand in this month or in the late half of the month in December? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, from a business point of view, as I mentioned to earlier question So current 
quarter, we are seeing similar revenue growth in the US, UK as we saw during last 
quarter. So, we are not seeing demand pick up robustly, yet we are modifying our 
product mix, product offering to customer based on where they are right now. And 
some items are receiving uptick, and some are still not, for example, home products 
are still not as robust. But higher end jewelry is still, it is getting a lot of demand, high 
end jewelry or high-end jewelry equipment, are still there in demand. So, we're 
constantly monitoring it. But the growth hasn't come in yet. We expect our investments 
in OTA homes, or OTT marketing, digital marketing and the new channel position in 
UK. So, those initiatives to benefit us in the coming weeks and months. And therefore, 
our guidance for current year to be 8% to 10% and next year to be 13% to 15% growth 
on the current levels, on YoY basis. 
Runjhun Jain: 
That's helpful. Just last question. Can you give any outlook on the margins because 
Q4 being our, seasonally weakest quarter in terms of margin. So, what is the overall 
margins you believe that -- I mean any outlook for this year or next year? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, we give guidance of 60%+ margin always. And for Q4, our guidance will be about 
60% margin and even for next year, it will be above 60% gross margin. Our effort is 
to increase wherever we can. But given that there is a headwind of limited freight, we 
don't want to give more optimistic guidance where it will be substantially above 60%. 
Runjhun Jain: 
Perfect. Thank you. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Runjhun. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Centrum 
Broking Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the 
investments made into digital marketing, OTT marketing, and OTA homes that 
impacted around 2.2% of EBITDA margin. So, that works out to be somewhere 
around Rs. 15 crore, Rs. 16 crore in this quarter. Are we maintaining or are we likely 
to maintain this kind of run rate, quarterly run rate, in terms of investment in the 
coming quarters as well? 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Sunil Agrawal: 
I believe digital marketing investments will continue, because we are seeing good 
return on that investment within our platforms, customer acquisition and ROCE, that 
you see on that acquisition. So the current spend, should continue on marketing side, 
in the coming quarters as well. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. My second question is, on the Germany operations. So, we are probably 
clocking around, half a million revenue in terms of monthly run rate. And you 
mentioned that we are fairly going to break even Q3 of FY24. So, what level of 
monthly revenue run rate you expect at that point in time, so that we will be breakeven 
probably at the operating level? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, we are not giving guidance specifically for Germany. Based on our internal 
numbers of customer acquired, the retention rate and repeat all these metrics gives 
us confidence to become profitable by Q3 of 2024. But we're not sharing the revenue 
guidance on Germany separately. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. What would we be Opex involved on a monthly run rate, if you can help me 
with that number? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
I don't have it in front of me. And we're not giving specific guidance for Germany's 
revenue and profitability by quarter because it still 2 years away. So, we're not sharing 
that far out guidance at this time, will be too premature. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. I understand. A follow up on Germany. My next question is you mentioned in 
the last call that you'd be seeing up $3 million to $5 million loss in year one of 
operations. I believe we have already hit $5 million, close to $5 million by December 
end. So, what is the estimate now stands at? I mean Germany loss in FY22 and FY23, 
if I may ask? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, we expect the loss to be approximately $6 million dollars for Germany for this 
financial year. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
And you expect it to narrow down in the next financial year or will it remain elevated? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Most definitely we have to become profitable by Q3 of 2024. It will be lower next year. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. Last bit, you have launched this, TAMSY and Rachel brands. So, if I may know 
the revenue from TAMSY and Rachel for this quarter? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
It is still very small because it’s a very start up space for them. We're not sharing 
separate revenue for them because it is not significant yet. Right now, for us we have 
to identify the customer segment, the customer creatives that are resonating with 
them, and overall retention and repeat from them. But still too early for giving separate 
revenue on that. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. And one last question. So, you have invested in this Encase packaging. How 
will it help us? If you can let us understand, what is the thought process approach 
over here? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
So, Encase packaging is a jewelry hard box manufacturer, it's an ISO operational unit 
based out of Sri City, Andhra Pradesh, it's a fully automatic and semi-automatic 
machine infrastructure ready kind of business. So, we used to buy our jewelry boxes 
from China wherein the import duty in US was 25%. And the import duty of the same 
jewelry box from India is zero. So, at the same cost the jewelry boxes will now be 
manufactured in India and exported to US. So, which will give us a substantial 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
reduction in our packaging material through import duty savings. So, a ballpark 
calculation shows that this initial investment of Rs. 4 crore should be paid back in 18 
to 24 months' time at the max through this duty saving. Besides of course, this cost 
advantage, what we also get is lot of agility, a lot of experimentation, now, facilitate 
with us to design and change our jewelry boxes like we do for our products. And last, 
but definitely not the least, this will add substantial boost to our effort to develop a 
sustainable packaging material. So, we're trying to do that for quite some time now. 
And with this acquisition, it will give us a tremendous support in that journey as well. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. Great hearing from you, guys. Thank you. Thanks a lot. That's all from my side. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Sabyasachi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
Just one long term issue. Clearly, it looks like that the year of 2021 benefited us and 
our business much more. Because it's a peculiar situation that the world goes in. And 
that probably impacted consumer behavior. And accordingly, we had supersized 
growth compared to over healthy, longer-term growth of about 17%, 18% that we've 
witnessed prior to that. So, clearly 2021 appears to be an outlier kind of a year. 
 
Especially now when Vineet was sharing the data that ecommerce as a percentage 
of the retail also seems to have corrected in US, UK. Not a huge deal. But certainly, 
there is some amount of softening. Now, given all of that our business model is being 
pretty well crafted, well-articulated, high gross margin. With the improvement of the 
business, there is that operating leverage which kicks in, good way to capture 
customers and then retain and grow them and do all of that in a capital efficient way. 
And keep aiding product categories, various SKUs to keep the customers hooked and 
use various sales channels to keep expanding our funnel, and which has worked well 
all these times. 
 
But given the last two quarters where September and June saw initial early signs of 
some amount of softness, and December clearly belied our expectations and shown 
us clear softening. So, if all of this is taken into account, on our longer-term bases, is 
there any challenge or difficulty that you're viewing or need to revisit our business 
model? Or do you think there is something which has impacted the business model 
itself if that is a concern? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thanks for your questions. So, business model, we don't look at business model on 
quarter-to-quarter basis. We look at stack basis. As I shared the numbers on 2-year 
stack basis, the growth is consistent with 5-year CAGR. So, up to financial year '21, 
our 5-year CAGR was 14.8%. And the 2-year stack, when you look at, when I share 
the number is more than 14.8% CAGR. So, given that stack, and the long-term trend, 
we are actually doing better than 5-year trend, not anything lower. 
 
And in future growth also, as I mentioned in midterm, our growth trend, we have given 
guidance of 15% to 17%, which is higher than our previous 5-year stack of 14.8%, 
CAGR. And the investment that we constantly make so, we don't shy even if the sales 
were not trending as good as we wanted. We continue to make investment on our 
headquarters in US or getting the channel in UK or investment into packaging 
company, because we are confident of our business model. And we are walking the 
talk, not just saying. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
So given this, all this investment that we've made, betters chance to digital platforms, 
including OTA, OTT, mobile app, marketplaces, and OTA homes and channels. We 
are confident of our future growth in midterms. Given next year, even though there's 
so much uncertainty around, we are going conservative and giving the guidance for 
next year, having burned our fingers for last two quarters. So, I want to be sure that 
we don't repeat that mistake again. 
Bharat Shah: 
No, which is fine. I'm not particularly deterred by the fact that a couple of quarters 
being softer. My question is more fundamental. And partly, I think I heard you saying 
this, that our confidence remains, therefore investments in additional asset building 
on digital and general building activities apace and going on Germany investment is 
a proof that we are pursuing the longer-term path rather than a shorter-term path. But 
my question goes, that you see last year -- now it is quite evident that we benefited 
given the fact that people were cocooned at home and were bored and didn't know 
what to do, probably bought some jewelry or whatever other stuff. So, that might have 
given run time additional incremental percentage to our performance. But on the core 
part, the longer-term growth phase in terms of the opportunity, would we believe it is 
earlier figures 16%, 17% growth or higher? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, this is what I reiterated, Bharat Bhai, including FY21, which was robust here for 
us, including the pandemic benefit that we got. So, when you look at 5-year CAGR 
from FY17 to FY21, it was 14.8%. Now, for future, we are giving 15% to 17% growth 
rate projections, which I'm confident that we will. Now, only for the current financial 
year we'll be 8% to 10%. And next year will be 13% to 15%. So, when you look at 
current year, and project it out to next 5, 7 years, our CAGR will be equal or better 
than past 5 years of 14.8%. That I'm confident because our business model is very 
unique, vertical business model, low cost, direct to consumer, high gross margin, and 
retention of customer to great lifetime value and highly engaged customer. I don't see 
any threat to the business model or fundamental change to this model which is coming 
or will come in. 
Bharat Shah: 
What you said that 15% to 17%, which is clearly higher than the past 5 years. But on 
longer term next 5, 6 years, is definitely an important one. I didn't realize we were 
talking about coming 5, 6 years that 15% to 17%. So  that answers my one part of the 
question. The other part I wanted to -- and equally I'm great that you're not moved 
away from making investment into the business, because that will be like taking the 
defeat in ensuring that we kind of retract back. I'm glad you have not done that. 
 
But my second part of the question, was that when we think about the more engage, 
more lifetime value, loyal long-term customers. Would you say the same loyalty factor 
and the same kind of customer behavior? Because clearly newly acquired customer 
behavior there must have been something not exactly as in the past otherwise what 
we acquired last year is customers should have contributed in a similar way in the 
current year. So, clearly new digital age, non-TV space acquired customers if they 
keep getting larger percentage of the activity, would we say the same thing about 
lifetime ratio, loyalty and uniqueness of the model working in our favor? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yeah, so the digital customer that we are acquiring has lesser lifetime value and 
lesser repeat purchase. That is true. We also made investment in OTA homes, and 
the new channel in UK which is a substantial investment for us, especially in difficult 
times shows a lot of confidence on our side. 
 
Now the OTA homes and OTT home that we are going into, I'll just give you a 
reference. So, let me finish first OTA. So, OTA homes you need substantial 
investment in this financial year, it is US and now for new channel positions in UK. 
So, those customer lifetime value is same as TV lifetime value. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Now to offset any digital customers, for lower lifetime value, we've also invested 
substantially in OTT space. OTT is like Roku or Amazon Fire or YouTube or AT&T  or 
Samsung TV. We're in about 10, 12 different platforms. The lifetime value of that 
customer is even higher than TV customers. 
 
So just to give you reference, a TV customer lifetime value is approximately $700 or 
$800 and OTT platform customers lifetime value is over $3,000. We're acquiring 
customer from every space possible and looking at that acquisition cost against the 
lifetime value of the customer. So, we're also looking at across return on ad spend. 
So, we looked at the spend versus what is the return coming from customer very 
minutely at every platform, whether it's influencer or mobile or Google within mobile 
or desktop, Google or Facebook or Tik Tok, everywhere Tik Tok, we're just 
experimenting now, so it's not really meaningful, but Facebook and Google, within 
Google, there are multiple areas. So, we are looking at every channel and looking at 
what is the revenue and lifetime value versus our spend. And from that basis, we are 
measuring our business and making investments. 
Bharat Shah: 
Right. So, what we are saying is, that the digital customer may be less loyal. But our 
newly acquired or newly being acquired, OTT, OTA customers should more than 
make up for it because they were far almost 3.5- 4 times the lifetime value compared 
to the TV customers. So, that's kind of a balancing multiple sales channels that we 
are doing. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Correct. So, balancing, we are not consciously doing okay, we have acquired so many 
digitals, so we must acquire more TV customer. So, I do not give that impression. We 
are looking at every opportunity possible to acquire customer in a profitable way. If 
you're acquiring, say, five digital customers, but if you're able to acquire them 
profitably, we'll do it. We're looking at each channel, what is the cost of acquisition 
and what is the lifetime value of the customer. Even if there's a more front-end 
investment, we will make it. 
Bharat Shah: 
No, no, clearly, that I'm aware of the financial discipline and generating healthy return 
on each of the investments whether digital or non-digital. So, that sensible cadence 
is something that I'm familiar with that of labor. Thank you for all the answers, Sunil. 
And I hope this will hopefully improve our forecasting machine a little better, 
forecasting remains a hazardous business always and therefore when we make 
projections always there is a challenge. But I'm glad that you're there and if there are 
answers which are thrown up are very satisfying, as it has been for last two, three 
quarters that we are fine tuning, improving our customer comprehension, improving 
our model in such a way that we have hopefully more improved capability to make a 
bit more meaning out of the future. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yes, you're right, last two quarters, we did not meet the guidance. And that is the 
reason we went conservative this quarter in our guidance. And you're right, the 
forecasting in, as we have seen, last two quarters that we have given how we see 
and how biggest investments we have made, we feel confident of the guidance that 
is given in our future. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. So, to summarize, business model remains intact, our confidence of future 
remains intact, therefore our investments are continuing on digital channels, non-
digital channels, geography expansion and other forays, automation and whatnot. 
And the core part of the business that is as the business expands, our operating 
margins would improve and operating leverage would kick in, remains intact. And in 
fact, our future growth rates are likely to be higher than the last 5-year revenue growth 
which includes fiscal '21 and which was an elevated year. So, despite that, we are 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
expecting the future growth rate to look higher than the last 5 years growth. So overall, 
everything stays except this not particularly very helpful kind of a beachhead. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
That is correct. Very well summarized, Bharat Bhai. Thank you. 
Bharat Shah: 
Thank you, Sunil and all the very best. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Bharat Bhai. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kimberly Paes from Equentis Wealth 
Advisory Services Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Kimberly Paes: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. So, we've mentioned about mid-teens margin in 
the medium term. But what sort of margins can we expect in the near term like the 
next few quarters, considering that even the German losses in the near term will be 
slightly higher than expected? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, from the sales growth we've already given the guidance. This year, this full 
financial year we will be breaching 8% to 10%. growth year over year on top line. Next 
financial year, we are expecting 13% to 15% growth rate on top line. And thereafter, 
15% to 17% growth rate on top line. 
Kimberly Paes: 
Actually, I was asking about the EBITDA margins? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Yeah, so we don't give guidance on EBITDA margin per se, but we give guidance on 
gross margins to be 60% and up of our business. This year, Germany lost 
approximately $6 million. Next year, we are not giving guidance this quarter. But we'll 
give guidance in next quarter, what will be the German losses next year, we want to 
see it trend better. Outside of Germany, UK and US will have operating leverage 
compared to this year’s growth of US and UK. Our effort will be to get to last year's 
EBITDA margin. But we're not giving guidance to reach last year's EBITDA. But 
definitely it will be leveraged on this year's EBITDA margin ratio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Jetha from Concept Investwell 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Latika Jetha: 
So, my first question is, in the past you had mentioned that VGL has been doing 
influencer program. But I want to understand if VGL is doing the promotions, via these 
influencers by creating product visibility? Or these influences are helping us in selling 
while doing live streaming? So, influencers are leading change in the market pretty 
fast. And recently there was a headline that announced a $1.7 billion goods in a single 
day on Alibaba's platform. So, just wanted to get a sense of how VGL fits into this 
influencer program thing? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Thank you, Latika. A good question. So, we are utilizing influencer currently for 
content creation, and posting those creatives on Facebook, Instagram, and getting 
customers from them. So, right now, that is the only utilization we are doing. We are 
not utilizing them for live streaming yet. Because both in US and UK, influencer live 
streaming is still at very infant stages. As that space matures, US, UK, Germany we'll 
definitely go there. But it is not there yet. So, we're creating relationships with those 
influencers for content creation and posting our content on social media yet at this 
time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Gathani from OHM Portfolio 
Equi Research Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Mayur Gathani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to probe a little bit more on the operating 
margins. I mean, today we are at 12% or so with the Germany impact, with the impact 
of your continuous investments in your new channels, etc. So, even if I take the 
Germany impact off we will come to, some 11.5%, we will come to 2% additional, 
13.5%, the freight might give us let's say 0.5% so it'll become 14% margins. And you 
say you continue to invest in the newer, channels, etc, whatever the OTT platforms 
and all. So, I want to know, where is the operating leverage coming in? I mean, I can 
see 14% margin over the next 2 years' time in this company. But how confident are 
you on the operating leverage? I mean, the operating leverage, should take us to 
16%, 17% plus margins, is that a fair understanding? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Yeah, sure. Though we don't give clear guidance on the margin number per se. What 
we see our business is such that we will continue to see operating leverage. If you 
look at the last 5 years as well, so from a single digit, we moved up to 15.3% in the 
last year. This year is definitely an anomaly with the Germany investment, the 
Germany losses of about Rs. 35 crore already in the nine month, plus the elevated 
freight costs. And more than that all these accelerated investments which we are 
doing in the digital space, as well as all the OTA homes broadcasting, because of 
which we see an upfront higher expenditure. Hence, the margins are down to about 
12% for the 9M period, as of now. 
 
What Sunil also mentioned a few minutes back, for the next year, like in our revenue 
guidance of 13% to 15%, we expect the operating leverage to come back. Our 
endeavor would be to go back to the earlier kind of margin levels. But definitely there 
will be a much improved EBITDA margin from the current year. And once the 
Germany's market starts giving profit, all these elevated freight level goes out of the 
way, post that every 15% to 17% growth year after year, will continue to give the 
operating leverage story year after year. So, one has to look from that perspective, 
that the long-term operating leverage story remains intact. A one shot, one blip of the 
current year expected to normalize and unwind in the next year itself. 
Mayur Gathani: 
I completely understand that, sir. My question was more on this, the investment that 
you continue to do on newer platforms, OTTs, etc that's around 2% today. So, that 
should become a part of the business right? Then we can't say that this 2% is your 
one off, it's a continuous investment. At Germany, I understand, logistics, yes, 
freights, etc. I mean, over time, I'm sure it's going to come back to normal, there'll be 
some elevated impact. But the investment in OTT platforms, they will continue for a 
much longer time if we want that 15% to 17% top line growth? 
Vineet Ganeriwala: 
Sure. So, the margin reco., which we give what we say that, like enhanced investment 
in broadcasting and digital, we don't mean the OTT thing out there. So, what is 
increasing this year largely is the increased investments in the OTA homes. So, this 
year, we contracted a lot many new OTA homes, like any other TV broadcasting, so, 
when we contract a new home the cost comes up front, the revenue comes with a 
time lag. Hence, this year, the upfront cost is reflecting in the margins. At the same 
time, we have stepped up our investments on the digital marketing spend as well. So, 
it is almost 3 times the level of what we used to do in the same quarter of last year. 
 
So, both these put together the airtime cost increase of these OTA homes and the 
digital marketing spend upfront, both these helps in acquiring more customers, which 
we are doing right now and the revenue follows with a slight time lag. Hence short-
term impact on margins. 
 
Sunil had answered to one of the questions previously mentioned that the run rate of 
increase will not be there, like you're seeing in the current quarter for this expenditure. 
So, one can factor in rate of air time and this web marketing spend while making a 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
guidance for the next year. So, to summarize, while the cost may remain at this level, 
the revenue will enhance, hence the operating leverage will start flowing in. For the 
short term since this is substantially increased investment, you see a dip in the margin 
because of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from Sameeksha 
Portfolio Advisers Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I'll still probe on the revenue growth part. Sunil sir, 
mentioned about the growth on the 2-year basis has been higher than the 5-year 
basis. But if I look at our registration numbers has gone up compared to what we were 
having in FY20. But our volumes hasn't grown. We are not a player where we play on 
ASPs, right? The business depends on the volumes. So, if the volume doesn't grow 
then there is seriously some challenge or some issues with the business, I guess or 
demand has shifted structurally to something else. So, are you seeing the same 
concern? Are you having the same concern? Because if I look at the TV volumes on 
Q3 FY22 the volume has been flat or there is no growth at all, despite our registration 
has grown from less than 2 lakh to 3.1 lakh currently. So, how should I understand 
this? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, our business is very dynamic. And we are not in cement or biscuit business where 
the SKU level is very small. And revenue is given only by volume. Our price point 
varies from $5 to $5,000 and SKU base is very, very wide. So, we let customer decide 
what they want to pull in and will offer a similar product to them what they're pulling 
in. Also because of agility, sometimes you'd see the ASP change. But that is the 
strength of the business. Not a challenge. Given that customer wanted higher price 
point, we offered higher price point and got our revenues to where the best we could. 
Now in future times, will ASP remain at 32.4 that we saw in 9M? I don't think so, I 
think it will come down. Because when the business normalizes people will stay at 
home or buy what they need, it will over the time will moderate. So, that's why we 
don't give a specific guidance on volume. We give guidance on revenue and the gross 
margins because the business is so dynamic. 
Chintan Sheth: 
But one would wonder that with new registration and more SKUs versus what we had 
2 years back, there should be some pickup in volumes, I'm not sure how to look at it. 
But the way the number of customers are increasing, number of SKUs you are having 
is higher, then we are seeing a quarter where there is no growth at all. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
Chintan, when you analyze, say D-Mart, you don't analyze them by number of pieces 
sold or how many number of kilos they sold. You analyze them by a per square feet 
retail space revenue growth, right? Here, you have to look at per minute revenue or 
per square inch of our real estate homepage growth. And this is what we look at, not 
exactly by volume, but by revenues and gross margins. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Sure. And one clarification on the guidance, sir, is it ex of Germany? Or how should 
we look at it? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, going forward, we are giving consolidated guidance. Because Germany we 
started breaking down and giving complete numbers. So, we will be consolidated 
going forward. 
Chintan Sheth: 
And broadcasting absolute costs for the quarter will kind of stay at the absolute level, 
we'll stay at this level or more investments we are looking at from Rs. 90 crore run 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
rate this quarter, it will stay at this level or we should expect a little bit more increase 
in coming quarters? 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, broadcasts itself would not be higher than this number, but digital marketing 
maybe. But from percentage to revenue basis, you may see stable or slightly lower in 
the coming quarters. I can't give a specific quarter guidance but overall, you may see 
some leverage here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management, for closing comments. 
Sunil Agrawal: 
So, I want to thank all the participants for your time and for great questions. And I also 
thank you for your support to VGL in past years. If you have any further question, feel 
free to reach to Prashant Saraswat at VGL or Karl Kolah at CDR India. And we'll be 
happy to answer your questions. Thank you once again. Over to you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you on behalf of Vaibhav Global Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy 
 
