A, 
Eip?xq f6i dffir 1'tf qR\tq frHltqrt frfr}s
iRIr 
-. 
(trrgo r-r*rrq @r-sqq-ffi q6{)
\\! 
INDIAN RAILWAY cATERING AND TOURISM CORPORATION LTD.
lRcrc 
,,u,0=o,u$#luil;,?JlilflL15,1l-'#F,,##.h*H,-o=rt
No. 201 9/IRCTC/CS/STEX/356
February 15,2022
BSE Limited 
I National Stock Exchange of India Llmited
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
| (Through NEAPS)
1't Floor, New Trade Wing, Rotunda | "Exchang e Plaza" , C-1 , Block-G,
Building Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, I Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 | Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code: 542830 
| Scrip Symbol: IRCTC
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Q3FY22 Earning Call
held on Wednesday, February 9,2022
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015,
Sir/Ma'am,
ln reference to our communication dated February 8,2022, regarding Q3FY22 Earning Call
of IRCTC, please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Result Conference call held on
Wednesday, February 9,2022to discuss the financial results and operations for the quarter
ended on December 31, 2021.
You are requested to kindly take the same on record.
Thanking you.
Yours sincerely,
For lndian
[. Y*
(Suman
Company
Membership No: F9199
Encl: as above
q-fffn qs effik
011-23311263-oa fm: 01 1-2331 12so
t. Oll-23311263-64 Fax : 0ll-23311259
Tourism Gorporation Limited
Officer

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“ Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SIDHARTH AGRAWAL - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
SALES - HAITONG SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: SMT RAJNI HASIJA - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING AND TOURISM 
CORPORATION 
SHRI AJIT KUMAR – DIRECTOR FINANCE & CFO- 
INDIAN 
RAILWAY 
CATERING 
AND 
TOURISM 
CORPORATION 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to IRCTC Limited Q3 FY2022 Post Results 
Conference Call hosted by Haitong Securities. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchstone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference  to Mr. Sidharth Agarwal - 
Executive Director, Sales at Haitong. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Sidharth Agarwal: 
Hello everyone, I trust you and your dear ones are in good health. On behalf of Haitong 
Securities India I welcome you to the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
that is IRCTC's Q3 FY2022 Earnings Concall. On behalf of Haitong India I thank the 
management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. On the call we have IRCTC's 
management led by Chairman and Managing Director, Smt. Rajni Hasija and the Director  
Finance & CFO, Shri Ajit Kumar. CMD Madam and Director Finance Sir shall first give 
the opening remarks post which we shall open the flow for Q&A. I would now request 
CMD Madam to provide her overview on Q3 FY2022 results. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Very good morning to all. I welcome you all to this Con-call of IRCTC Limited for quarter 
ended December 31, 2021. I hope that you and your dear ones are safe and I wish a great 
and a healthy 2022 as we are interacting for the first time this year so I thought these wishes 
are very important. 
 
Now when we talk about the results of the Q3 or the fiscal 2022 well it has been a very 
good quarter for the travel and hospitality industry and which has also contributed by the 
festive season. It would have been even better but for Omicron infections were not there. 
Thankfully , the nature has been relatively kind and the Omicron infections have been much 
moderate as compared to the previous waves that is the first and the second wave which are 
pretty bad. Hopefully we have completely out of the current wave and there are no new 
waves of infections, that is what we pray to almighty. 
 
Yesterday our company has announced the financial results for the quarter ended December 
2021 and the same has been disclosed on website of both the stock exchanges too. We shall 
first share a brief overview of the quarter 3 of financial year 2022 results post which we 
shall also have a question and answer session with all of you and you are free to ask. In the 
third quarter of financial year 2022 IRCTC has not only demonstrated resilience, but has 
also reported the operational improvements in all of its business segments. While revenue 
for the quarter is still below the all-time high, but the absolute EBITDA hits a new high. 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
On a consolidated basis quarter three of this financial year, revenue came to nearly Rs.540 
Crores where we have seen a strong growth of a 33% over quarter-over-quarter and 
significant improvement on year-on-year basis also that is nearly more than 140%. 
EBITDA margin for the second consecutive quarter is at 51%, net profit of a 208 Crores 
also saw a strong growth over the quarter-over-quarter performance that is 32% and 168% 
over in year-over-year basis. So both the results have been pretty good, but for the 
emergence of another wave of infections the travel and hospitality industry can look 
forward for a much better fiscal year that is 2023 and beyond. IRCTC business segments 
like catering, packaged drinking water and importantly tourism can look up for a better 
performance and they change in the industry environment things are improving vaccination 
is improving we can apprehend a good results. 
 
I shall now hand over the call to my colleague and our CFO, Mr. Ajit Kumar to brief you on 
a financial and a segmental performance of the company. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Good morning everybody I am wishing you and your dear ones a much better 2022 
especially our regards. I shall first give a brief overview about Q3 FY2022 results post 
which we shall have the question and answer session. 
 
Q3 FY2022 revenue saw another quarter of a strong improvement on improvement both on 
Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis. Revenue of Rs.540 Crores grew by 33% quarter-on-quarter and by 
around 1.4 times year-on-year basis given that Q3 FY2021 had the impact of the pandemics 
given the internet ticketing continued to drive the growth as you know it has the highest 
margin amongst the business segments. EBITDA margin remained at around more than 
50% plus mark for the second consecutive quarter and was at around 51.7%versus 52.2 
quarter-on-quarter and 42.2% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Let us now move to the different business segments of the company. The first one is on the 
ticketing segment that has continued with the more resilient business segment and the Q3 
FY2022 third quarter revenue internet ticketing hit another all-time high at around more 
than Rs.312 Crores so growing by around 17.9% quarter-on-quarter and significantly higher 
than Rs.143 Crores in Q3 FY2021. The growth was driven by both the growth in ticketing 
volume and in non-service charge revenue. 
 
EBIT margin remained above 80% and was at 84.8% versus 83.1% quarter-on-quarter and 
76.3% year-on-year basis. The other segment is the catering segment which has moved back 
to profit at  EBIT after six quarters of losses . For Q2 FY2023,  the segment reported EBIT 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
of Rs.5.7 Crores versus minor loss of Rs.0.15 Crores quarter-on-quarter and loss of Rs.7.94 
Crores year-on-year. 
 
Resumption of cooked food was only for part of the quarter and should help better 
performance in coming quarters because this is going to be a covenant feature now. The 
Railneer revenue has also maintained the momentum in improvement revenue and EBIT. 
The Q3 of FY2022 Revenue for the segment grew by 21% quarter-on-quarter to Rs.49.9 
Crores EBIT margin got back to double digit mark at 10.1 %versus 6.8% quarter-on-quarter 
and a loss of course in Q3 FY2021. 
 
The next segment the tourism segment which has all over the world has been the most hit 
by the pandemics have a sharp revenue growth of 152% quarter-on-quarter to Rs.68.25 
Crores which was the highest revenue in the last seven quarters. EBIT loss also now 
narrowed down to 7.93 Crores versus 21.2 Crores quarter-on-quarter and Rs.11.4 Crores 
year-on-year basis.  
 
The cash and bank balance &  net worth of the company at the end of the Q3 FY2022 is Rs. 
1821 Crores and 1840 Crores respectively. So that brings to the end of the opening remarks. 
Now we can straight move to the question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Can you help us with the number of tickets which were booked 
for the quarter and share of non-convenience revenue to begin with? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Well, the number of tickets which have been booked it has been a very good growth in 
October we booked around 4.38 Crores ticket, in November it was again 4.18, I am giving 
the absolute number then I will give you the average also then in the month of December 
the number dropped a bit it was 4.02 Crores when I say this and in January also the figures 
have been around 3.41 because we were impacted by pandemic again in the month of 
January and the second question can you please repeat the second one. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
The share of non-convenience revenue. 
Rajni Hasija: 
The total revenue in the, when we talk about the non-convenience fee revenue because the 
revenue is earned in one month, but realize in another month, which is better if we take the 
consolidated nine months kind of a figure. In this nine months kind of a figure the total 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
revenue which we earned from the internet ticketing was 728 Crores out of which 499 
Crores of the convenience fee that is 68% and the 32% was 229 Crores of the non-
convenience fee and if you want further detailing I can give you that also. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Madam that should be fine. My second question is on the tourism segment. Now despite 
this recovery in the tourism revenue, the segment reported an EBIT loss of about 8 Crores 
for the quarter. So can you highlight the reason behind it because if I look at FY2020 
especially 1Q and 2Q our revenue run rate was far lower in the region of about 45 Crores to 
50 Crores but despite that we were into profits back then and right now at 68 Crores we are 
into EBIT loss. So if you can just throw some light on that? 
Rajni Hasija: 
See as far as the tourism sector is concerned we have reduced the losses that you have 
noticed that from the losses which were earlier we are more and got reduced to 7 Crores 
only. So and we are trying although in October and November and December all efforts 
which we started we could start only in the month of October. So we were about to, our 
efforts were fructifying in the month of November, December and but when we were doing 
this the pandemic had already started entering in the month of December. So our December 
sales from the tourism also got impacted and January was pretty bad for the tourism so 
January figure impact you will see in the next quarter. In tourism when you start selling I 
think you start selling in six months in advance, all our departures for that period were fully 
sold but we had to cancel a few because the pandemic had already started entering and the 
impact was seen even in the month of December also. So the tourism still is cost is passing 
to very, very bad phase and the bookings which you had earned earlier lost again in the 
January again to regain that in the month of February or March you need some time it is a 
continuous process any breakage in between is going to impact your next three months. So 
it is a constitutive or a cascading kind of a effect tourism always has. So anything pertaining 
to law are done, anything happening adverse in the country it impacts your businesses in the 
tourism sector. It is only IRCTC which has been able to come back at least I think the 
things are pretty bad with the other private companies where people had to lose plenty of 
jobs also. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
I fully understand that, the reason I was asking is because earlier at 50 Crores we were 
profitable and now at 68 Crores we are into losses. So is there any change in the cost 
structure which you would want to highlight is what I was essentially speaking about? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Frankly speaking there is not much change in this structure, but the bookings the sales, sales 
which were picked up we lost the sales there were many cancellations. The efforts by the 
teams are even more but the results are not forthcoming because we are losing business 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
because of the pandemic people are hesitant of traveling it is only in the deluxe segment or 
in the mass level the quantum of the mass level that it used to be is not no longer there it is 
only the very, very necessary thanks to the festive season during the month of October there 
we could gain something and the marriage season also in the month of December that we 
could retain some booking so otherwise the things would have been even work and those 
seasons were not there tourism has started picking up it will pick up further, but you need 
some time you need six months time at least of the steady environment without any change 
so that you can get a good result in that. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
One last question from my side is there any roll back of seats happening from 2S to general 
category given restoration of normalcy. 
Rajni Hasija: 
There was a press clipping which we shared in the last call and we mentioned also that we 
have not heard of any such thing so far, but the ministry is thinking of rolling back the 
reservation fee on the second list and put together both segments secondary class sleeper is 
contributing to the 76% of the booking. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from Ageas Federal Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Urmil Shah: 
Thank you Madam for the opportunity. Madam my first question was on the catering 
segment, so now that the pre-cooked meals are being allowed how the transition has or to 
new tenders happen and would it be too early to or speak about the erstwhile price increase 
that was supposed to happen? 
Rajni Hasija: 
See the cooked food decision came in the I think last week of November and we started 
giving the trains on tender from the 1st December onwards out of which few trains which 
were standard bid documents we could restore them little early as compared to the other 
where we had to do a tendering. If you recall my earlier discussions the total number of our 
trains where the contracts were to be awarded with the pantry cars that number was 470. So 
this number is out of these 470, 20 trains were not restored but 44 new trains we got for 
nutshell there is a gain of a 24 trains. So as of now my total trains with the pantry car is 441 
out of which 428 trains are running with the pantry car with the cooked food while 13 are 
still on the ready to eat food because tender for those trains could not be materialized 
because of either very low bid or no bid then we also have our train side vending trains their 
number is nearly more than 700 for which the tender process has already been started and 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
very soon you will see the results and increase in the revenue from this segment. So you can 
say from the pantry car segment and from the Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Duronto,  all Shatabdi, 
Rajdhani ,Duronto have been now tendered and licensee fee had started growing and same 
our turnover from the sale of our Rajdhani and Shatabdi and Duronto food also has been 
restored, but for TSV yes tender  process has started and the licensee will start catering soon 
from the month of January onwards from February onwards because those tenders take time 
these are the small value tenders and generally you need some more hard work in tendering  
those trains. 
Urmil Shah: 
On the price hike when should we expect that it would be…? 
Rajni Hasija: 
In February we are likely to close all the tenders for the train side vending. 
Urmil Shah: 
I was talking about the price hike which was supposed to get implemented and because of 
the pandemic it got hit. 
Rajni Hasija: 
I think it is there in the balance sheet note also there we have given the impact very clearly I 
will read out that for the catering contacts awarded before 22nd of March have been treated 
as a zero period due to the pandemics accordingly no income as well as the railway share 
payable has accrued during the year 2021 and the period up to 26 November. The railway 
board's order dated February 23, 2021 for the termination of a standard bid document due to 
the change in the scope of work has been withdrawn on 19th November and appeal file the 
railway board has been announced honorable high court of Madras has withdrawn the case 
particular case has been withdrawn by the ministry of railways and catering services started 
from 27th of November in the a phased manner the income and the railway share payable 
has been accrued accordingly.  However, the effect of enhancement of the license fee for 
the period from 27th of November to 31st of December has not been ascertained & 
recognized on account of increase in  catering tariff as per the CC-60 of 2019 issued by the  
Railway board, since due to Pandemic , the  sales assessment by the company is pending. 
The sales assessment happens in two periods and it one is the lean period another is the 
peak period, peak period is now coming in the Holi. So one that will be taken care of in that 
but in January that is considered as a lean period we could not do because of the pandemic. 
So that sale assessment we are likely to complete in the month of March for the peak period 
and for the lean period we will see we can do now because February is again a little 
hierarchy that not lean not considered as lean. So after that assessment is over we will see 
the increase in the license fee impact. 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure Madam. Coming to the e-catering part in the last concall you had talked about that we 
are looking at on-boarding partners for the food delivery point of view given that with the 
large aggregators it is taking time to cut load on the commercials update on that would be 
helpful and also the volume of e-catering? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Well we have been able to bring on-board quite a few of them I will share that figure with 
you shortly before I conclude as of now I think I have missed that particular thing so my 
team is collecting that so we have been able to bring many of them on board. 
Urmil Shah: 
My last question was on the non-services revenue within internet ticketing, so if you look at 
the nine months number which you shared at 29 Crores and if I just adjust for the 126 
Crores kind of number which was there in the first half that means we have crossed the Q3 
number of 100 Crores if you could share which are the sub segments that are driving that 
revenue and should we expect that this 80 to 100 Crores range on a quarterly basis to be 
sustainable? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Internet ticketing has been contributing not only the maximum revenue as of now but also 
contributing the maximum of the profit you know, all other segments the profit share is less 
and the maximum contribution has been from internet ticketing. Whether we will be able to 
sustain the same pattern January is impacted because of the Omicron yes some impact will 
be seen in the month of January, February and March we have that Holi period which is 
considered as a peak period, so my indirect answer is already there that we can expect 
certain increase in the booking we normally have a high bookings in the month of  Holi 
because of the travel happening towards different region and the return travel also 
happening and when you say other segments how the internet ticketing for the segment 
would be doing yes we have done some hard work in the advertisements etc. the business 
for the same normally fructify in the month of March. So you will see some impact in that 
also. As far as our own payment gateway is concerned it is doing pretty well if you ask me 
the nine months period  what all marketing revenue we have got it is if I say the percentage 
sharing with you the total marketing revenue has been around 56 Crores and other than that 
has been 172 Crores for non-convenience fee resource which is contributing around 32% of 
the total revenue of internet ticketing out of which 75% shares of the other resources and 
25% share is directly of the marketing revenue that is advertisement revenue and there we 
have done a very well our payment gateway is also doing well and some of the results is 
fructify and we are also working very hard and reworking all our policies so that more and 
more efforts and the government business can be achieved in the month of March. So things 
look good so far. 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Urmil Shah: 
Thank you and whenever it is possible to share e-catering figures. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes, I will certainly share the e-catering figure with you. 
Urmil Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal & Brocha. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for taking my question, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Madam could 
you please give me the capacity of Rail Neer as of end of last quarter capacity utilization in 
the units sold. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Well capacity utilization was again impacted by the Omicron and up to I think current 
production of the Rail Neer has been to the tune of a 5.5 lakh litres a day where the capacity 
is around 14.8 lakh litres a day because of the, though the demand has increased as 
compared to the previous month, but still it has not come up to the maximum level one 
because of the winter where the consumption of the water goes low and secondly because of 
that travel, the second AC travel is happening and the second AC travel is around 38%. 
With the restoration of a cooked food the extended catering that is Rail Neer has set up so 
production level is to the tune of a 45% the plant utilization have been to the tune of a 45% 
recently we have done a cost audit   also and that also we have found that our production 
capacity is being utilized in the percentage of 45% to 63% average is nearly 46%. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for that and my second question is regarding the tickets booked could you give 
us the segmentation between this AC non-Ac and the General, 2S class fee in this quarter. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Let us start from the highest, 2S is the highest that is 38.6%, sleeper class is 38.1% and put 
together second AC, third AC and AC Chair Car is 22%, and first AC executive class is less 
than 1%. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you so much and best of luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoharan from Retail Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoharan: 
Thanks for the opportunity Madam. Just want to know like in the internet ticketing like if 
there is a split that you can share between the train and the bus just to know like how it is 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
progressing the bus and the air that we invented into right how it is progressing and revenue 
share you contribute. 
Rajni Hasija: 
I think these things cannot be compared because bus is integrating we have a tool right, but 
in bus you have a open competition and here the bus booking is picking up as compared to 
the previous and the air booking has also started picking up but the air booking was pretty 
bad in the month of January and December. December is picked up January is went down 
again so there you have many more competitors like OTAs are competing with you in the 
bus also there are other partners so both in railway ticketing share cannot be compared with 
the bus and the air share. However our online share of the railway ticketing is we are 
maintaining at the more than 80% levels and the system ticket which is being booked 
through counter is nearly 18%. 
Manoharan: 
The next one, so there is an auction for the private trains that got cancelled by the 
government so any update on that anything that is coming up sooner. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Discussions are still happening with the Ministry of Railways on this issue, in fact today 
also there is one meeting with them one of the director, we are still I think Ministry is still 
working on that so I will not be able to give you a major update on this, but things are still 
under being… 
Manoharan: 
The last one if I may so the payment wallets like so is it in terms of growth percentage or 
like how are you progressing there in the growth wise not in the profit or not in the number 
wise just to see how it is progressing. So any growth number percentage number you can 
share Madam at the wallet alone. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Growth opportunity I think every segment has because in the catering segment more and 
more trains are being tendered out the train side vending is going to be addressed so they 
are also bring the scope of a… 
Manoharan: 
Only on the payment wallet. 
Rajni Hasija: 
You said payment wallet. Payment wallet of course, there is some growth is going to 
happening because gradually, gradually the wallet user number is increasing and but the 
open wallet yes in iMudra there are certain challenges because now we have changed our 
partner from one bank to another bank we have shifted however we have found a marginal 
increase in the business but not very considerable in the open wallet also. 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Manoharan: 
Last one Madam the Swiggy and other things the last time when we spoke about the 
aggregators we said actually we are trying our own aggregators adds is that we made any 
progress there anything that we have. 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have got some progress our MOA changes are being discussed at a various levels in the 
Ministry of Railways I think they are in a concluding stage now so once it is approved by 
our parent Ministry the things will be send to for further action and the MOA changes will 
be executed then we will also have to follow the course to our AGM. So we are working on 
the agreement very thoroughly. 
Manoharan: 
So we will have our own aggregator is it like we will have similar to Swiggy only. 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have our own catering we will have an aggregator license and we will be free to take 
our PG as an aggregator to other companies to work upon. So that will be an additional 
source of revenue for us in the coming years to come maybe the next year, may be the year. 
Manoharan: 
Thanks a lot, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shridhar Mandke from FIS Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Shridhar Mandke: 
Madam first of all congratulations on excellent set of numbers there. I have a few questions 
first is on the tourism segment so I see that expense on the tourism segment from last 
quarter has almost doubled so could you shed some light on that. The second question is 
about the profit margin in catering segment the EBIT seems to be at 5% at the moment so 
do you see it growing maybe in double digits in coming quarters, so that is the second 
question I will carry on after that so if you could I give some sense? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I will answer your second question first the profit margins in catering segment is 5% yes it 
is going to increase further because more and more trains are going to be tendered so your 
segment vis-à-vis the expenses are going to remain the same the main expense is generally 
on the HR and expenditure that you do and we are getting good bids as far as the licensing 
of the trains is concerned. So the margins are going to increase if I recall correctly though in 
2019-2020 our margin in the catering segment has been around I think 10% to 12%, 12% 
was the total margin and which increased at time in the peak season. In the catering segment 
in the quarter if I see as compared to the consecutive quarter we have done much better that 
is around for 34 Crores better than the previous quarter and in profit that in the last quarter 
the catering was a losing segment now it has become a profitable segment so profit margins 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
are going to increase further that is what we are anticipating and in the tourism our expenses 
had gone up because in the tourism many trains have run because of the revenue has also 
increased in the tourism segment because of the running of the Tejas and some fixed 
expenses of the Tejas had to be paid, so that were paid so I think that could be probably one 
of the very important reason that our tourism profits expenses were little more. 
Shridhar Mandke: 
Another set of questions is that how is the booking shaping up on IRCTC air as probably 
you have answered that earlier but just wanted to have more highlight on that? 
Rajni Hasija: 
We yet to achieved  the  2019-2020 level because they air booking we have not been able to 
gain the same momentum as we had earlier in fact in December and for the January we had 
many offers received from the airline but somehow we could not get avail them because of 
the massive cancellation happening because of the Omicron and we are anticipating good 
bookings now once the air traffic is resumed to its full and we may also work on the 
booking charges also again we are also re-considering and re-discussing our sales incentive 
PLBs, MLB, technical bonus etc. with the airlines also so that the booking is in the 
segments can be restored. 
Shridhar Mandke: 
Thanks and the last one from me is that do you have any plans to open IRCTC executive 
lounges at more stations and how is the response on existing stations. 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have executive lounges at I think eight executive lounges as of now we have in with 
IRCTC because of the Omicron the sale of those executive lounges was also impacted we 
also have a plan to open in the other segment or which very soon you will see some tender. 
Shridhar Mandke: 
Oaky, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shaikh Mohammad, individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shaikh Mohammad: 
Thank you for the opportunity and many congratulations for excellent results. My question 
is during the pandemic there was also the reservation of second class means sitting was also 
being reserved what is the position now. Now still it is going by reservation or general 
ticketing has been started from the counter. 
Rajni Hasija: 
It is still, second class is still are reserved and IRCTC is booking around 38% of that area it 
is still reserved so entire booking is with the IRCTC and through system also of course is 
here 38% of such quantum is being booked through IRCTC portal. 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Shaikh Mohammad: 
In next quarter what kind of performance you are expecting from IRCTC there will be 
improvement from the December quarter or there will be slight less. 
Rajni Hasija: 
It is very subjective if Omicron has already hit us in the month of January and being the 
hospitality segments all our segments were impacted in fact we had a very, very good sales 
in the tourism segments all our trains were full etc. and we had to cancel all that departure 
still February most of the departures were cancelled now we are gradually resuming the 
business so in tourism business there is going to be some hit because one and a half month 
is already lost and for gaining the rest of one and a half months you need another one month 
as I said in my previous in the earlier remarks tourism yes has a cascading challenge if you 
want to sell your product you have to look one year in advance any month lost in between 
you add to that so booking of that particular month is not only gone the booking for the next 
three months is also gone so you have to plan in advance you have to do so many things and 
really yes if it is an extended catering if the train number as the train number has increased 
you will get, we can see a certain growth in the catering , tourism and the internet ticketing,  
but even the internet ticketing in the month of January was impacted because of the 
Omicron. 
Shaikh Mohammad: 
Another question is Vande Bharat trains are coming on board or when it will start do you 
have any idea. 
Rajni Hasija: 
When it is offered to us for providing hospitality service we will certainly come forward I 
can only say this but the rest is to be handled by Ministry of Railways. 
Shaikh Mohammad: 
Okay thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on very strong numbers. Firstly my 
question is on the catering business how the pricing? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Which segment you mentioned. 
Rahul Jain: 
I said about catering segment. I am asking is about catering business so what are the 
prospects here I mean how the pricing has changed I mean what kind of premium we have 
seen in general on the retendering basis because earlier the tenders were going on discount 
so what is the difference between typically what we use to there for the particular catch, that 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
you are getting now and we also said that there is two period assessments which is clean  
and we have done it for the lean season right now but I think the assessment in current 
period would not be much ideal given that January is has seen significant loss in the 
passenger traffic so will that also have some bearing in terms of the minimum licensee that 
we will put in our contract during the assessment will be lower. 
Rajni Hasija: 
The catering has the two portions two of these handled one is that yes the first challenge 
with IRCTC was to restore the services and put the train on track as far as the catering was 
concerned so that particular job is over and we have got very good bids there we have seen 
some improvements that  we were already forcing the rest of the SBD contacts were also 
restored where the licensee structure remains the same but the increase in the tariff had been 
there which has been made effective as well as the passenger is concerned so the 
corresponding increase in the licensee is anticipated because that is based on the assessment 
that you have mentioned yes January we had identified as a lean period for doing the 
assessment we could not do because of the Omicron but we are going to encash hopefully 
everything goes fine and there is no fourth wave and no effect of the pandemic further then 
we will do certainly we will carry out the adjustment in the coming months for the increase 
period but for making that effective in the catering segment you need to have a lean period 
as well so we will see what lean period we need to choose and then we pick up the figure 
and do the assessment as per the availability once it is completed certainly the impact on the 
increase in the license fee will be very visible, but that perhaps to the best of my knowledge 
and the consolidation practices that are being followed in the IRCTC we will be able to see 
that impact I think in the end of March -21 only so we will start working on that so in the 
years to come you will see some good improvement as far as the catering is concerned 
rather I would say good improvement in the catering and Rail Neer is going to be a part of 
that and as far as our turnover from the Rajdhani Shatabdi food is concerned since the price 
is increased so you can find marginal increase because of that in the turnover also. 
Rahul Jain: 
Two more clarification on food that you have raised earlier one of the point was that when 
you read out that note from the result which clearly says that there is some advantage of this 
increased in the license fee which will come for the period of 27th November to 31st of 
December is not been accounted so is it safe to assume that the revised price for this period 
will come in this quarter Feb, March quarter that is point one. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Our license fee will increase from 27th November only. 
Rahul Jain: 
But current number it is not in that higher number that is what I am trying to say here. 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Rajni Hasija: 
That will be after the assessments. It will be only after assessment as per technically as per 
the contractual commitments we cannot do without assessment more than vendor we are in 
a hurry to do that and all our team effort got wasted because of the Omicron we had made 
all the teams etc. everything was ready but revenue will come later on. 
Rahul Jain: 
But it can come in the Q4 or it might be more time there. 
Rajni Hasija: 
No it will come in the next financial year only for us Q4 we may not get the Q4 we will get 
the benefit of the increase in the turnover because of the RSD sales and the TSV contract 
which we could not do earlier but some increase in the earning will be there because those 
tenders are getting materialized now these are new tender and the huge I think 24 trains 
have also increased so that impact is also there and the festival season ahead so you will get 
even the sales are going to be better. 
Rahul Jain: 
The number of TSV contracts I think I heard the number to be 700 was that number right? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes, it is nearly 700. 
Rahul Jain: 
This number in the previous quarter was 280. 
Rajni Hasija: 
That was we had not done that analysis completely now we have completed, this is the 
section wise analysis if overall contract may be little less, but the tenders will be like this. 
Rahul Jain: 
So you mean to say the lower number was for, so higher number is for section while total 
contract could be go up. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Total number of the trains is also going to be more. 
Rahul Jain: 
But this has gone from 288 to 700 on like-to-like basis. And there is one mention in the note 
number seven that is regarding non-provision of charges till December 31st for the use of 
PRS for online ticketing direct company for running two private railway trains can you 
show some light what is this pertaining to. 
Rajni Hasija: 
See as of now we for booking Tejas Trains we are using the PRS of Indian railways and that 
booking engine is doing this our own engine is not yet ready we are in process of making 
and we are in talk with the various agencies. Since because of the pandemics the Tejas 
operation itself was impacted so we thought see let us put our effort on making the booking 
engine on hold we did not make our own engine because it involves expenditure so we were 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
using their PRS though in future railways may claim PRS charges on that for the two trends 
which is not going to be very huge. So that charges we may have to pay so we are making 
certain provisioning for that and that is the mention as of now we have not made any 
provision ,may be in the end of the year we will make some provisioning . 
Rahul Jain: 
So the benchmark for this number would be what is the total… 
Rajni Hasija: 
As of now let us do the bidding first only then we can do the benchmarking because railway 
may ask of x amount but as per the market demand the amount may be x minus 1 so we will 
negotiate for the x 1 rather than playing x. 
Rahul Jain: 
So ultimately the ticket will be you mean to say it instead of hosting it on IRCTC website 
we could also use other channel if those are price effective. 
Rajni Hasija: 
See the booking inventory is going to be is with IRCTC the booking engine has to be for the 
IRCTC, IRCTC can make its own engine or can take the PRS engine we may continue with 
the PRS engine if the rates are negotiated well if it is later exorbitantly high and we 
continue with making our own engine and go for our own kind of a setup in our own setup. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just to understand this for example if government is embarrassing x rupees took place for 
this PRS so total number of train which is two divided by total number of total sales on 
business. 
Rajni Hasija: 
No business in that entire marketing revenue is with the IRCTC for maintaining the 
infrastructure we are already paying to CRIS and for using the PRS charges we would be 
paying to CRIS marketing even their marketing work is also being done by IRCTC for 
which we charge 50% of the revenue share. 
Rahul Jain: 
Lastly from the luxury tourism prospect I can see on the website that we have started this 
from October booking October season have we started getting some response or deal has 
just closes right now. 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have got certain queries from the UK Market, US market we have not in yet factored is 
that we are making efforts to run through charters you might have seen some revenue also 
in this segment in the last year in the current quarter also we had run two departures on our 
Maharaja expresses our third departure was due scheduled on 20th January got cancelled 
because of the Omicron then the Deluxe tourist train, the Buddhist train we had to cancel 
because all our booking got cancelled and the booking was coming from either or from the 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
other countries few bookings were there from the US also so for the month of October yes 
we have started booking because these bookings in the luxury segment start two years in 
advance so as of now we have published only one year calendar for 2023 we are in process 
of publishing the calendar for 2023-2024 also for which the effort I think it is going to be 
done very soon. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, technically if there is no new pressure from COVID we may see this season playing out 
for Maharaja express services. 
Rajni Hasija: 
If the countries are opening up we will also very soon we will start our outbound business 
also which is now put on hold so we have but within a day or two we are going to take a 
call the countries which are open like Dubai and etc. here we are going to start our 
outbound and we are going to encash the upcoming holiday season that is May, June. 
Rahul Jain: 
And just lastly from my end which is on the cash utilization I think you said the cash 
number is 1800 Crores right now any plan any allocation strategy that you would like to 
make for us. 
Rajni Hasija: 
See out of this reserve we have to have since our bookings on the ticketing has gone up 700 
Crores are on a revolving it will keep revolving if two holidays come then it may reach up 
to 800 Crores also because every day you get a booking of nearly more than 100 kind of in 
advance and you have to deposit with the Indian railways if two holidays come then you 
have to deposit more. So one is the revolving for revolving the thing we want to know and 
secondly we are also in process of changing the infrastructure for the internet ticketing 
again when we started getting the tender we were hit by the various supplies now again we 
are reviving that so we are thinking of doing some capital expenditure on internet ticketing 
where we really want to improve the infrastructure our talks with the agencies and the 
tender process we have already initiated. So you will see some expenditure on the internet 
ticketing and some expenditure in the upcoming railway plans and infrastructure projects 
that are coming up by the total etc. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay thank you for the clarification that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Jethani from BOI AXA Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Madam good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. My first question was the two best 
ticket booking side. So wanted to understand today it is coming into the reserved category 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
and what is the potential opportunity of tickets over here and today what could the tickets 
being booked. So the reason I am asking this question is so for example you want to travel 
from Mumbai to Ahmedabad there would be a passenger who would booking say from 
Mumbai to Valsad and another booking from Valsad to Ahmedabad so this same seat can 
be used by the manifold. So wanted to understand what is the potential over there and today 
where are we as far as booking is concerned. 
Rajni Hasija: 
See as far as the potential of the sectional booking is that this is going to be forgone and this 
segment will always be there. So your assessment is right in two ways it happens because 
the bookings are done from the section right and even in sleeper also the bookings are done 
section wise the train runs the bookings happening from end to end are there but the inter 
pool booking you cannot stop it happens and there are pools defined for that I was earlier in 
that segment so I can share that segment with you that the intersection booking also 
happens that is why the utilization in few trains is always more than 100% because of the 
intersectional bookings. So this is there in this sleeper and also then this is going to be in the 
2S also. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
So just wanted to understand today what is the booking done and what could be the 
potential. 
Rajni Hasija: 
The 2S booking is nearly the 38% of the total booking being offered on our portal and the 
last six, seven months from the day it has started we are seeing that this booking is nearly 
up to 40% in two, three months in the peak season it has crossed 42% also it all depends 
how many classes are run by Indian railways in the 2S and as of now we have not got any 
decision from the ministry of railways that they will not run and second is in the reserve 
segments in fact in one of the press clippings clarification was also issued by ministry of 
railways where they had mentioned that 2S is going to be continue to be in the reserve 
segment because they also get additional revenue on that so that is it that is only I think 
supplement. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Any sense on now to say air of these tickets have gone up I mean as well as some growth 
also has been… 
Rajni Hasija: 
I could not hear you could you come again. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
So wanted to understand this for next say 12 to 18 months what kind of growth we can 
expect as far as 2S tickets are concerned. 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Rajni Hasija: 
If the overall passenger on Indian Railways is going to increase all classes will gain out of 
that you might have heard, read in the newspaper also that ministry is targeting good 
number of our passengers this year. So IRCTC may also be beneficiary of that. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Next question was on the catering side so could I want to understand in the total train being 
running on the Indian Railways how many have restarted the catering how many is left and 
earlier margins used to be in the range of mid teens so what is your sense on margins going 
back say in next 12 to 18 months. 
Rajni Hasija: 
See the total number for trains which were running were to the tune in the October they 
were 3000 such trains where IRCTC was providing the booking they went up nearly 6000, 
5997 trains where we provided booking in the month of November in December again they 
went down to the tune of 4500 and in January again the figure went down and the trains 
were around 4051 where we provided the reservation. So that is answer your first question. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
I was asking about catering Madam. 
Rajni Hasija: 
In catering by January end we could provide catering services in the 428 trains with the 
pantry car we could outsource all those licenses and we could have all the contracts and in 
addition to this we are also running around you can say 112 contracts which are still 
running on our team and we are trying to give them again on the cooked food somehow the 
bidding process has not been very successful in this because of some other reason we are 
doing such retendering again. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
So again this 400, 420 trains they are providing catering today what would be number pre-
pandemic. 
Rajni Hasija: 
It was 470 we got 44 new trains but at the same time 20 previous trains were cancelled, so 
net again is 24. So now your number is 441 out of which 420 trains have been rendered 
with the cook food 13 are running in the with the RTE, no train is running without any 
contracts by them either you have cooked food  or RTE Food, majority 99% is with the 
cooked food where you get vender licensee and rest is with that. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Yes those were my questions and thank you so much for replying to me. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will take that as a last question I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sidharth Agrawal for closing comments. Thank you and 
over to you . 

                                         Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 09, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Sidharth Agrawal: 
I would like to thank CMD Madam Smt. Rajni Hasija and Director Finance and CFO, Shri. 
Ajit Kumar ji for another insightful session on IRCTC and its growth prospects and also to 
my colleagues and all the participants of today's call trust me Madam it was indeed a huge 
learning experience for us. Thanks a lot. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Thank you and before I close the e-catering figures I would like to share. We have I think 
five partners in the B2C segment it is Figo, PayTm and this Railofy we have made them 
active but since the cooked food has started the e-catering average has gone down so but it 
will pick up when the catering business is there and the commission that we have received 
is nearly 5 Crores. So that is all from our side. Thank you very much. 
Sidharth Agrawal: 
Thank you Madam. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Haitong Securities that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
