• J. B. CHEMICALS & PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED
fl
February 18, 2022
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, Plot No. C/1,
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051.
Stock Symbol: JBCHEPHARM
Dear Sir,
Subject: Earnings conference call Transcript and Audio recording
Ref.: Disclosure under regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill and Regulation 46(2)(0a) of the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, enclosed please find transcript of Earnings Conference Call scheduled for investors
and analysts on February 15, 2022 at 3.30 p.m.
1ST to discuss the results and developments
for the quarter ended on December 31, 2021.
It is also available on the website of the
Company.
Audio recording of the call is also available on the website of the Company.
The link to access the same is: https://jbcpl.com/investor-information/
We request you to take this on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited
Sandeep Phadnis
Vice President - Secretarial
& Company Secretary
9 Registered Office:
Neelam Centre, B Wing, 4th Floor
Hind Cycle Road, Worli
Mumbai - 400 030
9 Corporate Office:
Cnergy IT Park
Unit A2, 3rd Floor, Unit A, 8th Floor
Appa Saheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi
Mumbai - 400 025
• +91 22 2439 5200 / 2439 5500
+9122 2431 5331 /2431 5334
@ info@jbcpl.com
? www.jbcpl.com
CIN: L24390MH1976PLC019380

 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q3 FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
February 15, 2022 
 
This transcript is published as is what we have received from our 
vendor who manages the conference call. We would request you to 
go through the audio recording in case you want to reconfirm 
anything that has been mentioned in the transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the JB Chemical and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited Q3 FY ‘22 Earnings conference call, as on 
the 15th of February 2022. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jason D'souza 
from JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Jason D’souza: 
           Thank you, Margreth. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for 
joining us on the Q3 FY ‘22 results conference call at JB Chemicals 
and Pharmaceuticals Limited. We have with us today, Mr. Nikhil 
Chopra, Chief Executive Officer and whole time Director; Mr. Kunal 
Khanna, President Operations; and Mr. Lakshay Kataria, Chief 
Financial Officer.  
 
           Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statement in 
today's discussion may be forward looking in nature and may involve 
certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is 
available on the Q3 FY ‘22 investor presentation that has been sent to 
you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Nikhil Chopra to begin the 
proceedings of the call. Over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
           Thank you. Thank you, Jason. And good afternoon, everyone. A warm 
welcome and thank you for taking time to join us for this discussion 
on the operating and financial performance of JB Chemicals and 
Pharmaceuticals Limited for Q3 FY ‘22. I will start with an overview 
of our performance during the quarter and share our perspective on the 
business, following which Lakshay Kataria, our CFO, will take you 
through the key financial highlights. Then we'll be happy to take all 
your questions.  
 
          We believe that our performance in third quarter reflects a strong 
business momentum in macroeconomic environment that has 
continued to be challenging. Revenue growth in India saw positive 
traction from our renewed go to market model and new product 
introductions. This resulted in JB becoming the fastest growing 
company among the top 30 in the industry in current year 2021 as per 
IQVIA MAT December ‘21. Further, major parts of our international 
business, including CMO business witnessed a gradual demand 
revival. 
 
           During Q3 FY ’22, revenues on a reported basis have expanded by 
10% year-on-year to INR 601 crore and by 19% to INR 1,800 crore in 
the nine month ended 31st  December 2021. Here it is important to 
highlight that excluding the revenue which got deferred in quarter 
three FY ’21 from quarter two FY ‘21 in the previous financial year, 
our revenue growth for quarter three of FY ‘22 was 23%. So, at an 
organization level, the positive business momentum was maintained 
during the reported quarter as well.  
 
           Coming to our domestic formulation business as per IQVIA data, JB 
was a fastest growing company among the top 30 companies for the 
calendar year 2021. This was in continuation of our ongoing sector 
outperformance. As per MAT December 2021 JB chemical grew at 
27% versus market growth of 18%. For quarter three FY ’22, we grew 
at 27% versus market growth of 10% as per as our realigned go-to-
market model continued to deliver positive results. Also, it would be 
pertinent to highlights that our growth is sustainable given that the 
contribution from our COVID portfolio is insignificant for the India 
business. Our new product introductions are performing well in the 
market and this is reflected from the fact that new product contribution 
is now close to 4.2% to our domestic sales in quarter three FY ‘22 and 
4% for nine months FY ’22. 
 
           These initiatives have been backed up by implementing go-to-market 
model that has repurposed existing resources in an efficient manner 
via initiatives such as Salesforce automation, Salesforce excellence, 

 
Page 3 of 24 
 
data digital adoption, hybrid digital strategies, expanded through 
geographical coverage. Also, entry into new therapeutic segments 
have accelerated the new products introduction. During quarter three, 
the domestic formulation business launched approximately new 
products including Molnupiravir, Cilacar TM, Azovas-T.  
 
           These initiatives may gather further pace after the recent 
announcement acquisition of brands and related asset from Sanzyme 
Private Limited in the area of probiotic, therapeutic nutraceuticals and 
reproductive health market. As you know, Sanzyme is a leading player 
in probiotics and hormone segments with a portfolio of brands that 
includes SPORLAC, LOBUN, GYNOGEN, Pubergen, and NANO-
LEO. Post this acquisition, we are among the top five probiotic player 
with additional synergies across a strong prescriber base in 
gastroenterology and nephrology segments.  
 
           In addition to this, we have also entered into IVF segment. We will 
also derive leverage from JB coverage and reach into states like West 
Bengal, UP, Bihar, Kerala, where overall, the Sanzyme presence is 
negligible. Overall, we expect to jump two ranks in our IPM ranking 
as we start reporting combined numbers.  
 
           Coming to our international business, we witnessed steady revival 
across geographies, except for muted demand in U.S generic business. 
South Africa, our home market continues to record in both public and 
private market by leveraging retail pharmacy relationship and our 
access in both in-house as well as third party products. In Russia and 
CIS region, we delivered strong growth within our prescription 
branded generic portfolio during third quarter.  
 
            In the CMO business, where we address both pharma and consumer 
sectors through our presence in lozenges, JB performed well due to 
demand revival in key markets. Our API business run rate has also 
improved significantly versus quarter run rate as seen in H1 of the 
current year. Overall, supply chain disruptions impacted the business 
during quarter three as well as freight costs increased significantly for 
all key markets. However, with COVID situation normalizing, we are 
seeing strong signals of demand revival especially in our CMO 
segments for our international business.  
 
           We now see multiple levers for our continued outperformance. This 
includes leveraging our existing go-to-market model strength in India 
business, 
maximizing 
new 
product 
introduction, 
lifecycle 
management opportunities and strengthening our international market 
through portfolio augmentation. All these initiatives should start 

 
Page 4 of 24 
 
translate into enhanced long-term value for our stakeholders. Going 
ahead, we continue to remain upbeat  about the domestic formulation 
business, the successful implementation of go-to-market model, new 
product introductions, lifecycle management of our big brands, and 
Sanzyme portfolio requisition will enable us to continue to record 
market-beating growth for the business.  
 
           Post COVID, our international market should bounce back which we 
are seeing early signs of revival. We also see medicated lozenges 
segment picking up as our order book from our global customers have 
gathered momentum. Our focus will continue to drive faster top line 
growth with healthy EBITDA margins, which will enable us to create 
further value for our shareholders. On this note, I conclude my opening 
remarks. I will now request Lakshay to share with you a brief 
perspective on our financial performance. Over to you, Lakshay.  
Lakshay Kataria: 
           Thank you, Nikhil, and a very good afternoon to all of you, and 
welcome to our Q3 FY ‘22 earnings call. I will now take you through 
some of our key highlights during the quarter. So overall, during Q3, 
we recorded a revenue growth of 10% at INR 601 crore, and for nine 
months at INR 1,800 crore with a growth of 19% year-on-year. As 
mentioned earlier, the underlying revenue growth is 23% due to 
revenue deferral from Q2 to Q3 FY ’21 in the previous financial year. 
Our strong revenue momentum continues for the overall business and 
both domestic and international business saw double digit revenue 
growth during the quarter.  
 
           Domestic formulation revenue was up by 20% led by large plans and 
market leading performance in non COVID therapies. In the nine 
months, domestic formulations grew 32%. Going forward, with the 
acquisition of Sanzyme brands, we expect domestic formulations to 
contribute more than half of company's turnover.  
 
           International Business reported a revenue of INR 315 crore during the 
quarter, which was up 3% due high base last year, as explained earlier. 
Within this, the export formulation business revenue came in at INR 
241 crore, CMO at INR 50 crore, API at INR 24 crore. Within 
formulations, there was a positive growth contribution from both 
Russia and South Africa. Our gross margin profile during the quarter 
remained steady at 66%. Though there was a significant inflation 
witnessed in API and packing material cost across the industry, we 
managed to maintain gross margin through cost optimization 
initiatives, and judicious price increases.  

 
Page 5 of 24 
 
 
           Our major fixed operating costs are now running at normalized levels. 
We have now completed our build out of the organization and thus 
employee benefit expenses, excluding the non-cash ESOP charges that 
have increased marginally. Other expenditure witnessed sharp 
increase during the quarter on a year-on-year basis because of 
significant escalation in logistics and freight cost, as well as substantial 
increase in power and fuel cost. This trend I believe, stands out not just 
for JB, but also for our peers in the pharma sector.  
 
           Despite the sharp surge in expenses, we largely maintained our 
operating EBITDA margins, excluding non-cash ESOP cost at 25.5% 
for the third quarter, with the operating EBITDA of INR 153 crore, 
similar to the previous quarter. While operating EBITDA seems to 
have declined year on year from INR 171 crore to INR 153 crore, after 
adjusting for the base impact due to revenue deferral, the operating 
EBITDA has grown by 7% to 8% on a year-on-year basis.  
 
          While cost pressures are expected to remain in the short term, in the 
medium to long term, any future benefits and normalization of material 
and packaging cost will allow us to improve our margin profile or 
provide adequate opportunities to invest in growth opportunities with 
similar margins going forward. Also, as fixed cost overheads are now 
stable, we can expect other expenditure to provide further room for 
operating leverage in the medium to long term.  
 
           Other income during the quarter was significantly lower on a year-on-
year basis due to Treasury yields being lower in quarter three and a 
one off income of INR 34 crore in the previous year, on account of 
sale of certain trademarks. As you know, JB’s acquisition of 
Sanzyme’s brands, we have invested our cash resources on our balance 
sheet, we paid the consideration for the transaction in the first week of 
February. This is a part of our strategy to expand our footprint in India, 
and will serve us financially well as we grow the Sanzyme portfolio 
profitably, especially in this volatile financial environment.  
 
           I would also like to take a moment to explain the overall PAT 
development for the quarter. Sequentially, the PAT softens from INR 
98 crore to INR 84 crore due to Treasury yield softening. The year-on-
year decline from INR 154 crore to INR 84 crore in PAT can be 
explained by three large factors. A non-cash ESOP expense of INR 25 
crore during the quarter, trademark sale of INR 34 crore in the previous 
year, and the revenue deferral impact in the prior year base. 
 
           Going forward, we expect the business to expand by leveraging the 
existing base of manufacturing, distribution and relationships. The 

 
Page 6 of 24 
 
larger ecosystem available from Sanzyme will provide further cross 
leverage opportunities. Overall, we remain focused in our pursuit of 
profitable growth, strong cash flow generation and creating ongoing 
stakeholder value. With this, I conclude my opening remarks. We 
would now like to open this forum for a interactive session with all of 
you, and will be happy to respond to the questions. Thank you.  
Question-and-Answer Session 
Moderator: 
           Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one 
on the touch-tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. Anyone who would like to ask 
a question, please press star and one at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The 
first question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara 
capitals. Please go ahead.  
Abdulkader Puranwala:    Hi. Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So, would it be possible to 
provide the India group breakup into price, volume and the new 
launches?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
            Lakshay, would you like to take this? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Yes. So, overall, like Nikhil alluded to, the India growth has a 
component of 4% roughly that came to new products. And at overall 
level, we, YTD have seen a growth of about 30%. And between price 
and volume, price would be closer to about 10% and rest would be 
volume. 
Abdulkader Puranwala:      Okay. And my second question is on the margin side. So, if we adjust 
for the ESOP charge, then the margin should be somewhere around 
23% to 24%. So ahead, what is the kind of margin should we look at 
off over the last 23% - 24% to obtain? Or you think the business can 
go up to 25% on a EBITDA level? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Yes. So, let me first just clarify the operating EBITDA for this quarter. 
Operating EBITDA for this quarter before the ESOP charge is INR 
153 crores. What you see as reported EBITDA of INR 128 crore 
includes ESOP charge of INR 25 crore. So, if you adjust for that, our 
EBITDA for this quarter is roughly 25.5%. And like we have guided 
in the past, I think we would maintain close to our run rate of operating 
EBITDA. Hope that answers your question. 

 
Page 7 of 24 
 
Abdulkader Puranwala:     Yes. Thank you. I’ll get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, anyone who would like to ask a question, you may press 
star and one. The next question is from the line of Naresh Vaswani 
from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Yes, my first question is in the India business. So, last time you had 
mentioned that, we are looking at around INR 100 crore of normal run 
rate now. So, this quarter we have done slightly lower, around INR 
278 crore despite our new products contributing substantially around 
4% to 4.2%. And also, if I'm not wrong, you have taken Rantac price 
hike in December. So, that would have added on top of that run rate of 
INR 300 crore. Can you explain where the volume was bit lower? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, Naresh, this is Nikhil Chopra here. So, quarter three was a soft 
quarter for India because of the lean season four and Ranta and 
Metrogyl that are our big brands. But you are right that our run rate is 
close to INR 100 crore. And going ahead, we see the trajectory close 
to INR 100 crore and above. In the coming time, with new products 
contributing and eventually the Rantac price will bake in. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
So, the – so, those Rantac price has -- should start reflecting fully from 
Q4, right? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. Some part has been absorbed for Q3 and we’ll have Q4 also. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Okay. And second, on the international, this year has been bit soft due 
to higher inventory and some European logistical issues. But for FY 
’23 how are we placed in terms of growth in different geographies, if 
you can explain? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So what I shared in my earlier commentary, that when we see the order 
book for quarter four and quarter one, which I can talk right now, we 
are seeing demands bouncing back in our branded generic market. 
CMO business is seeing a big revival. And equally Russia and South 
Africa, which are our next to home markets, have also performed well 
in quarter three and quarter four, quarter one also we look for the same 
performance. So our run rate for international business, which now we 
have bounced back INR 300 crore – INR 300 crore plus, should see a 
positive momentum going ahead. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
And in terms of price increases which you have reconciled, considered 
the increase in overhead cost as well -- freight and power cost? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Lakshay, would you like to take this? 

 
Page 8 of 24 
 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Yes. So, overall, I think from a pricing perspective, we are now in 
conversations with a lot of our customers in the international markets. 
And the conversation really is around the points you made, which is 
that the freight and the fuel costs have risen significantly. And also, 
you know on the API and packing detail part, there is a significant 
relation. So pricing will continue to be a key focus area for our 
international businesses as we move forward. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Okay. I’ll join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Manchanda 
from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just a clarification on Rantac. So, 
what percentage of Rantac sales during the quarter would have come 
from higher prices? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, around 67 -- 60% plus sales would have come from the price 
increase. But equally, Vishal, what you have to understand also, with 
the entire cost of API, foil packaging material going up, conceptually, 
this is just helping us to maintain the right EBITDA margin overall for 
the company. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. Okay. So API cost has also gone up during the quarter and not 
only for Rantac but across the board. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And sir, second on the lozenges business. Can you shed some 
color on any developments there in terms of new contracts or new 
product development, which is basically going to help you in the near 
term? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So there are couple of things which have been happening in the world 
of CMO business, particularly in lozenges, which we shared in our last 
conference call that we have added Reckitt as a new partner who has 
come in. And equally, the good sign is that across the CMO business, 
we are seeing a big demand bouncing back. So that is a positive sign. 
We are working on some new novel concepts in the world of lozenges, 
which are more consumer friendly. And those novel concepts includes 
products like melatonin products, which we are developing for the 
world of immunity, immunity plus cough and cold. So all those 
portfolios are on the anvil way of development, where developmental 
work has been happening. So going ahead, the strategy would be, how 
do you -- how we offer novel therapeutic portfolio to our existing 

 
Page 9 of 24 
 
partner, be it for P&G, J&J, iNova, Reckitt, and equally add more 
partners, where the entire business development work is on. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. Sir, on the new client addition, Reckitt, has that started 
delivering or it will scale up in time? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
It has started. Just a couple of products we have started working -- 
started supply into Reckitt. But overall, we should see a good demand 
in the next financial year. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Understood. And sir, other expenses, would they stay at current levels 
and ESOP expenses also around the same level for the coming quarter? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, ESOP expenses would be close to what Lakshay spoke about, 
would be close to INR 25 crore and other expenses when I have -- 
when Lakshay gave the commentary, in terms of the entire capability 
development that we have -- that we are putting in -- that we have put 
in place have normalized. Cost of goods, still, conceptually, we don't 
know what is coming in, in next couple of quarters, but overall from 
operational perspective, our costs are close to normal. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Understood. And just one final one. On -- some comments on your 
initiatives on the nephrology front. So, how is that shaping up in terms 
as a portfolio, nephrology portfolio? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
For nephrology portfolio, we have a niche division, which ha been 
working with 2000 nephrologists in the country. Those are our -- all 
the portfolio is a mix of our supporting products. But what we are 
trying to do with nephrology as a speciality because nephrologist are 
a big supporter for our brands like Cilacar and Nicardia, where we 
continue to engage with them and continue to look at in terms of how 
we can build this branch bigger, and equally, how do we support this 
facility in a supportive care portfolio where our team of 30 people is 
going and working with them. But there's a good uptake in terms of 
the new products that we have launched, but all those has its own 
gestation period. Six months we have been in the market with our new 
products, which is half a dozen products that we have got in supportive 
care therapy. But the bigger picture that we want to paint is how do we 
take Nicardia and Cilacar to next level. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Sir, is dapagliflozin also getting a share from the nephrologists? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Dapagliflozin is more being detailed in the clinic of MD medicine, 
cardiologist and diabetologist. And dapagliflozin, just to share with 
you we were the 60th company to launch dapagliflozin. Today we are 

 
Page 10 of 24 
 
in top 15, our run rate is close to around 75 lakhs per month. And we 
intend in next quarter, three to four months we should be in top 10. 
Kunal Khanna: 
Just to add. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Kunal Khanna: 
Just to add, nephrology with Sanzyme acquisition, we have a lot of 
cross leverage FDT opportunity also, in the field of probiotics, that's 
also part of our plan. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Right, sir. Yes. That’s all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from 
IIFL Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Hope I am audible.  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes, Rahul.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question, sir. Just a few clarification. So, 
you said that Rantac price rise contributed during the quarter. So, for 
what quantum of duration we saw the benefit on account of Rantac 
during the quarter? Would it have been a month? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Kunal, you would like to take this? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes. So, Rahul, substantial part. Just over a month, close to 45 days of 
demand for Q3 was serviced through Rantac. However, from a pure 
volume perspective, when we look at it, right, we had earlier also 
mentioned that the demand would moderate in H2, because the Q1 run 
rate was -- had seen a huge surge due to second wave of COVID. So 
surely the -- from a volume standpoint, the demand moderated and 
operated at a steady state scenario in Q3, but close to 40 to 45 days of 
sale for Q3 was activated with the price increase. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And now if we look at our India portfolio growth for next 
year, our base India business has been growing at mid-teens. On 
Rantac we will have the full year contribution next year as well as the 
Sanzyme portfolio contributing. So how should we look at your India 
business growth for FY ‘23? So, do you think that the momentum 
which we had in FY ‘22 that will be sustained in FY ‘23 as well? 

 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, Rahul, if you look at the way we are positioned, overall, there are 
three four hypothesis when we look at India business. In -- first 
hypothesis is, 70% of our business is coming from big brands; that is 
Cilacar, Nicardia, Rantac and Metrogyl, which the teams have been 
working on how do we make the big brands bigger and continue to 
gain market share. So that is agenda number one, because that is a big 
chunk of our business. Second, obviously, what you're talking about, 
Rantac price increase, that should give us benefit. And thirdly, of 
course, with the transition happening for Sanzyme portfolio, all this 
coming together, the guidance that we would like to give at this 
moment of time that we'll be delivering market-beating growth with a 
significant difference. And overall, look at in terms of how with the 
widened portfolio that we have got with big brands, with new 
productions, and with the Sanzyme portfolio, how we can serve more 
and more number of patients and deliver market-beating performance. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. Sir, so, this market-beating outperformance will be excluding 
the Sanzyme portfolio. So contribution from Sanzyme will be on top 
of that? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes, yes. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And in terms of this Rantac price-hike benefit for next year, 
you have stated that the price -- the API has also seen a price increase 
and our earlier expectation was that on Rantac we could see a margin 
benefit playing out for us. So do you think that thesis still holds that 
the price increase for Rantac will help us to improve our margins in 
FY ‘23? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Kunal, you would like to take this? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes. Yes. So, Rahul, what we're seeing over the last three to four 
months, there has been a significant price escalation in ranitidine API 
cost, right, starting Q3 onwards, which to a large extent, has 
neutralized the actual margin benefit, which we would have otherwise 
got through price increase. Our focus will be to continue on 
maximizing the price hike benefit. But at this stage, all we can 
maintain is that a significant chunk of margin benefit which was to 
accrue has, to an extent, got does neutralized because of the ranitidine 
API price hike. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. But are you expecting the API prices to moderate? Because 
generally, the commentary across the industry is with conclusion of 
Winter Olympics in China, and by end of February, the API prices 
would start moderating. 

 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Kunal Khanna: 
Actually…. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
So do you think that if API price is moderate, we can then see this 
benefit on Rantac price hike next year?. 
Kunal Khanna: 
What we are certainly seeing is -- hoping is that the prices don't go 
from the current levels. There are certain product commodities where 
the normalization will be much more rapid. And it's a classic demand-
and-supply situation. With respect to ranitidine, there are not many 
suppliers, so the supplier base tends to be limited. What we are very 
sure of that we should be able to hold on to the current price levels 
from a mid-term perspective.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure sir. And just one last question before I join back the queue. 
Although it has been still early days, two weeks only since you’ve 
closed the Sanzyme acquisition, but any thoughts in terms of how the 
integration for the portfolio is progressing, and what you have seen in 
terms of your initial interactions with the MRs or doctors as far as your 
Sanzyme portfolio is concerned? Thank you. 
Kunal Khanna: 
We are very hopeful and positive about integration giving us good 
results. The last two weeks, there have been a lot of cross synergies 
which have come up. We are happy to report that the business is going 
go as smooth as it was before our acquisition. Our key endeavor is to 
ensure that there is no disruption at this stage. From our future strategy 
standpoint, we are certainly seeing prescriber synergies, as Nikhil 
mentioned, with respect to nephrologist, the MD physicians, where the 
probiotic would be a big, big opportunity for us. We see geography 
synergies, because three to four states, they have negligible presence 
are also our pockets of strength. And we see product energies. For 
example, probiotic which is SPORLAC, is extensively prescribed as a 
co-prescription with our metronidazole. So there are a lot of things 
which we have to build it together, and so far the response has been 
very positive. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kadam from 
CANARA ROBECO. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kadam: 
Yes, hi. So I have couple of questions, sir. So starting with -- maybe 
just wanted to know your -- because Russia is a key market, and the 
other thing -- geopolitically whatever is -- or maybe what’s we are 
seeing it. What's your take and what's our risk mitigation strategy 
there? So that's point number one -- question number one. Second, I 

 
Page 13 of 24 
 
just wanted to know -- pick your mind on this particular -- your 
CDMO. Where in medium term you want to grow this particular 
business with change of management and you – and in senior 
management also and the promoter side also. How do you see this 
thing shaping up maybe from a three to five year bucket? And my 
third, I just wanted more clarity that couldn’t get the clear on the ESOP 
thing. How much charge off is yet to happen every quarter? And 
maybe like just wanted to know what will the per quarter charge off 
for, maybe till this complete go up? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Let me take on the question ESOP. Then we’ll go to the Russia 
question.  
Amit Kadam: 
Okay. 
Lakshay Kataria: 
So, as far as ESOP is concerned, we are basically -- we expended out 
INR 25 crore in the last quarter. Prior to that, our expense was about 
INR 13 crore. Overall, for the fiscal it'll be about closer to INR 63 
crore, right, that’s as far as this fiscal is concerned. Next year, the fiscal 
will have a spend of about INR 68-odd crore and then it starts tapering 
off significantly. 
Amit Kadam: 
Sorry, I did not get it. FY ‘23, how much? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
FY ‘23 will be about INR 68-odd crore and then it'll start tapering off 
significantly. 
Amit Kadam: 
Okay. Fair enough. And then the balance questions? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Kunal, you would like to take the question of Russia and CDMO? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes. So with respect to Russia, we are closely monitoring the situation. 
It’s uncertain and slightly volatile. However, we need to look at what 
are the variables under our control. So, over the last one month, we 
have been extremely watchful and mindful of our supplies to the 
Russia and CIS market and trying to do everything we can to ensure 
business continuity remains. And the other thing which we are 
extremely watchful of is the receivables situation. So these are the two 
areas where we have put in very high level of check mechanisms. We 
do believe that the situation is relatively better than what the outlook 
was a couple of weeks back, but it's wait-and-watch as of now. All we 
can do is be much more cautious about our overall receivable situation 
and also ensure that there is no real loss from a business continuity 
standpoint.  

 
Page 14 of 24 
 
                                               With respect to the second part of your question, which is CMO. This 
is one business segment where we continue to be extremely, extremely 
optimistic. In fact, from -- if one really looks at the sequential trending 
of this business over the nine -- last nine months, we have seen the 
demand reviving back in our key pockets and with our major 
customers. Our CMO strategy is certainly going to be two fold. One 
is, expanding the basket of products and offerings which we have to 
our current main anchor clients. So our main anchor clients, including 
big names like P&G, J&J, iNOVA, we have been closely working with 
them on introducing new concepts like Nikhil mentioned, immunity 
booster concepts, immunity with cough and cold, different finished 
dosage formulations for actives like melatonin. These are certainly 
kind of areas which we are closely working in our in the product 
development lifecycle right now.  
                                               And the second part is, add more anchor clients and increase our 
presence with the current clients in other geographies. So addition has 
already started. You’ve heard of Nikhil mentioning RB, we had our 
first shipment to them in the last month of Q3. We are certainly 
expecting good ramp up from them for the next financial year. And 
what we really want to do is add a couple of more market clients, which 
are in the same league as the three, four names, which we mentioned. 
So there'll be a lot of thrust on accelerating business development 
initiatives to grow our CMO business and we continue to be optimistic 
about this from a mid and long term perspective. 
Amit Kadam: 
I understand but just wanted to know more on the little granularity, for 
example, if we want to shape this particular business. Right now we 
have -- maybe doing like INR 200 crore to INR 250-odd crore 
thereabout. So, if I have -- we have some objective in mind. So, 
because this will require a front ending of grander for investment, be 
it like ramping up the R&D, people or maybe the facilities to show that 
the -- there is a -- that’s how the body shopping at that -- would happen 
to our clients. So, just wanted to know how that would also happen. 
Like in terms of investment and then how do we translate that in your 
future numbers. 
Kunal Khanna: 
See, there are two parts from managing the infrastructure and the 
resourcing part of it. The good thing is that we are already covered 
from an infrastructure standpoint. So, our current capacity utilization 
is close to 60%. We have one line, which is pretty much can be 
activated and made operational if our business ramps up. So, there is 
no real huge CapEx investment which we see in the business. From an 
R&D standpoint, whatever needs to be done has already been 
activated. Over the last seven, eight months, as Nikhil mentioned 

 
Page 15 of 24 
 
earlier also that R&D reorientation and with the focus being on CMO-
related projects, was closely monitored. And we are at a stage where 
we have advanced concepts of all these offerings being taken to our 
clients. So the R&D reorientation and ramp up has also happened. The 
third area is where there has to be thrust on the BD activation and that's 
what we are really working on. So, if the concern from -- if the external 
concern is more from an investment related to infrastructure or 
resources, that has already been taken care of. 
Amit Kadam: 
Okay. Thanks. Yes, I’m done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Dalal from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Alok Dalal: 
Hi, good afternoon. One question on the U.S. market. What is the 
current sales in U.S. at the moment? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Kunal, you would like to take this? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes. So, we don't want to really give clear numbers of our international 
business per segment. For us, Q3 was slightly soft but as our order 
book stands right now, we see the demand picking up to the H1 levels 
of FY ’22. 
Alok Dalal: 
And Kunal, what’s the outlook for the U.S. -- how do you see the U.S. 
expanding over the next few years? What kind of products are you 
working on? 
Kunal Khanna: 
So we've always maintained that we have a very selective approach 
towards our U.S. business. We have an aspiration of looking at three 
to four filings every year and a lot of our R&D efforts were focused 
towards that. But these are all things where we believe our strengths 
really lies. So we are not talking about getting into speciality or 
complex generics. Our strengths are more on large scale 
manufacturing in platforms such as OROS platform, and we want to 
continue to play to those strengths. Our focus will be ensuring selective 
ramp up, three to four filings per years, which would add to our U.S. 
kitty, have a very stage great approach. And as we see success, we do 
a ramp up accordingly.  That's the way we want to play to our U.S. 
business.  
Alok Dalal: 
Okay, thanks. And on the international markets, any plans to expand 
operations outside Russia and South Africa? 

 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, Alok, this is Nikhil here. So outside -- India, Russia and South 
Africa are our home markets and if you look at the entire ROW 
business, ROW business is in four clusters; that is Sub-Saharan Africa, 
Middle East, Latin America and Southeast Asia. So, those are the 
markets that we are present outside India. Now, the way we are looking 
at this international market, which is ROW branded generics, Russia 
and South Africa is not to go wide, but to go deep. And this entire -- 
these all these markets have been deprived with the new portfolio. So 
the management has been working in terms of how do we get new 
products introduced in these markets and how do we go deep because 
the relationship that we enjoy in ROW market with some of the big 
distributors who work for us is immense. So there’s a immense scope 
in terms of what we want to do with introduction of new portfolio.  
                                               And equally for South Africa and Russia -- there are also Russia this 
year, we have introduced three new products, South Africa, there are 
some dossiers which we had bought, where we are doing – where we 
are looking at how do we launch those products in private markets. So 
that is the play that we want to work on. So we don't want to get into 
any new markets but equally we want to look at that how do we go 
deep and at least get the better output with existing portfolio and new 
introductions. 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. So but Nikhil, will the idea be to keep it 50-50 between domestic 
and export? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Eventually, Alok, with the Sanzyme acquisition that that we have 
done, India business would be 55%, ROW would be close to 45%. 
Going ahead, the way we have engine running in India business, we 
are looking at how do we at least get India business close to 60% and 
ROW -- and international mark close to 40%. That is aspiration we 
have kept. Now overall, we'll see in the coming time, how it is. And 
within India business, Alok, we are looking at how do we have a better 
chronic play. That is the intention. 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. Understood. And just one last question. The pressure on gross 
margins, how should one think about it, especially in the coming few 
quarters? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Lakshay, you would like to take this?  
Lakshay Kataria: 
I'll take that, thank you. So from a gross margin perspective, I think if 
you look at what's happened till now, I think we've sort of held fort 
pretty well, with some of the interventions we've done in terms of long 
range contracts, and certainly in inventory interventions. But our 

 
Page 17 of 24 
 
reading right now is that cost have seen no further sort of scale up post 
December. So I think, at the current level of gross margins of 65-66 is 
where we would want to hold. And we would want to sort of -- we will 
have to work still significantly on our pricing lever and also on some 
of the cogs optimization projects that we're running internally to 
maintain that level. Otherwise, I think from an inflation perspective 
right now, I think there is still more pain to sort up. 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay, understood. Okay, thank you very much for taking my 
questions. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Thank you. Thank you, Alok.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press star and one to ask 
a question at this time. The next question is from the line of Sonal 
Gupta from L&T Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. So just on 
-- I mean the other expenses, right -- last quarter, you had about INR 
14 core of one-time consultancy charges. But even as those have 
dropped off, we haven't seen that much of a decline. I know you called 
out freight, etc. So could you just talk about that as to -- I mean, 
incrementally what has been the pressure point, sequentially? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Yes. I'll tell you. So, basically, if you see quarter-on-quarter, our 
expenses have jumped up by about INR 7 crore, excluding manpower. 
And like you rightly said, if you square off the INR 13 crore, INR 14 
crore, one off, then we are still seeing a increase of INR 6 crore, INR 
7 crore, which is formally happened in two lines of appearance. One 
is freight, and the other is power and fuel. Both on natural gas prices 
and on the freight side, we've seen further hardening towards 
November and December. So, that's what sort of explains the operating 
expense quarter-on-quarter. 
Sonal Gupta: 
And like you mentioned to the previous answer, sir, so you're still 
seeing this on a full quarter basis, there could be more pressure in Q4 
on this side. 
Lakshay Kataria: 
While there is pressure -- we are hearing that some of the electricity 
board, etc. are putting plans to take up the power tariffs. So I think it's 
a sort of ongoing situation. But we are also working on steps to 
mitigate that, right? So we are also looking at steps to mitigate our 
utility cost, our footprint, we're getting into solar. So there are 
mitigation plans also, so maybe yes, one odd quarter here and there but 
we should try and hold to the fixed operating cost. 

 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. And how much of your portfolio in India by value would be 
under Analian? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Around 30%. 
Sonal Gupta: 
And, -- so just given that we've got Rantac increase, would we be 
eligible for taking an increase in April again or we’ll not? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes, we'll be taking the price increase whenever it comes on the 
existing portfolio, which is outside price control, and whatever WPI 
comes for the controlled products, we'll be taking that price increase.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Right. No, so, I'm just trying to understand given that Rantac is a big 
part of that Analian portfolio as well, so will that -- will you be allowed 
to take another WPI related increaser?  
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Sonal Gupta: 
So you can take on the full 30%? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. Got it. Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from 
Valen, India. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. I had a single question. I 
wanted to understand your perspective on the long-term growth 
process of the – growth process of cilnidipine, I mean the underlying 
molecule for Cilicar. So wanted to understand firstly as we see more 
HDDT drugs going off patents, do you see the long term growth of this 
molecule shrinking to some extent and the share being removed -- 
taken off the HDDT? Because when I look at the data on trials, a lot 
of the trials are actually giving positive data on the ability of the HDDT 
plus molecules to give protection for -- to hypertension patients to -- 
with kidney associated problems. So any view on this would be 
helpful. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Kunal, you will take this? 
Kunal Khanna: 
Yes. So, Kunal, SGLT2 is a very, very different class of molecules. 
Our cilnidipine franchise is a calcium channel blocker. SGLT2 
molecule is the line of treatment for diabetes patients. Now, there are 
studies which really indicate that there are certainly some benefits 

 
Page 19 of 24 
 
associated for a SGLT2 molecule as a plant, either with respect to heart 
failure or management of better renal complications. But that does not 
mean that it becomes the first or second line of therapy for 
antihypertensive treatment. That's point number one.  
                                               Second thing is, when you really look at the SGLT2 class, it's not a 
therapy which may be recommended for all age groups or all types of 
demographics, who may be -- have a very different clinical profile. We 
certainly do not see any real primary conflict with SGLT2 as a class. 
It's a very different class where diabetes is the primary indication. For 
us, what we really want to work on is cilnidipine being the most 
preferred choice of antihypertensive drug class, which will be 
prescribed for comorbidity issues, including primary renal 
complications.  
                                               So, that's how we do and we have seen a lot of confidence coming in 
from prescriber categories such as nephrologist, diabetologist, 
cardiologist and physicians. And we really see no reason why this 
continued fate in this category of molecule which is cilnidipine will 
not continue over the mid and long term. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Sure. Sir, just a follow up on this one. So, if we have to attribute let’s 
say, crucial reasons for why this molecule has done so well as 
compared to the other molecules in the CVS space and associated CVS 
space in the last three, four years or five years, I would say, it's grown 
in high double digit in volumes. So -- as in the molecule as a whole. 
So, with these three reasons, in the sense, which has worked in favor 
of cilnidipine… 
Kunal Khanna: 
The most primary reason why CCDC is a lot of accepting too because 
apart from being a very effective standalone, antihypertensive class of 
drug as a calcium channel blocker, it has a very soft side effect profile 
and patients which who suffer from comorbid indications or have 
complications more on the renal side, they see very limited side 
effects. In India, what tends to happen is most of the times patients 
when they approach a doctor, they are in stage two, stage three of 
antihypertensive with already these comorbid conditions being 
developed with respect to the clinical profile. So doctors are very 
particular about the medication which they are prescribing and they 
should not have any further side effects on various other parts of the 
organ. And that's where cilnidipine has seen a very, very strong 
acceptance. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Got it. Thank you very much, Nikhil sir. 

 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho 
from Centum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Just continuing the brand-related 
discussion, just want to understand, the recent brand extensions that 
we have launched for our bigger brands, what kind of potential do you 
see for them? Can they become as big as our larger franchisee? Is there 
that kind of market pick up or market share gain that you're seeing or 
preference from doctors that you are seeing on the prescription level? 
Anything that you can highlight on that? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, Cyndrella, this is Nikhil Chopra here.  Overall, the intention -- see 
JB never -- historically has never been that great in new product 
launches. So, what I shared in my earlier commentary that the new 
product introduction value is now close to 4% that itself is a big 
achievement, and going ahead we are looking forward at how this can 
at least come closer six for – 6% to 7% in the coming time. Overall, 
when we look at new product introduction, it is a mix of two 
categories. One is lifecycle management as you earlier shared. So, 
obviously we have Cilacar, CilacarT and now we have got CilacarTM 
that eventually helps us. Cilacar being a INR 300 crore franchisee, in 
the coming time in next two three years, we are looking at how overall 
Cilacar as a family becomes INR 500 crores. So that is the intention.  
                                               Secondly, some of the new introduction that we have got into new 
categories of business, particularly in the world of pediatrics, in the 
world of respiratory, in the world of antibiotic that we have got into, 
out of 12 products that we have launched, we have identified around 
five, six products, which if we are able to make a revenue mark of 
around INR 12 crore to INR 14 crore in 18 to 24 months, that itself 
will be a big achievement for JB as a company. Because our 70% of 
revenue is coming from big brands and if these new launches also 
helps overall fueling the growth, this combined entity of existing 
brands, lifecycle management and getting into new therapeutic area 
will overall help us, what I earlier shared, in terms of delivering 
market-beating growth. So that is the intention going ahead when we 
look at new introductions. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
This is very, very helpful. Just to add to that, if I take your commentary 
in the right direction, what you're trying to tell me is, we are very 
focused on gaining market share in our core brands as well as new 
launches, I understand this. If I put ourselves today, say in the domestic 
market zone, we're still closer to INR 1,200-odd crore secondary 
markets -- turnover run rate at max level. Do you -- what are the actual 
gaps that you feel are product wise which are the most increasing areas 

 
Page 21 of 24 
 
that you might have already identified to take us to the INR 2,000 crore 
range, and from there around to another next leg of growth? So what 
are the strategic point of view where you still have some gaps? I 
understand Sanzyme will add some more to this, but from organic 
perspective, from a brand perspective and when do you see reaching 
there? Like -- I'm sure this must be part of your strategy. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, with Sanzyme entity being added, Cyndrella, we’ll be close to INR 
1,400 crore next year. So that is where we stand. INR 1,200 crore was 
the current run rate. Now when we talk of therapeutic areas, we are 
present in five, six therapeutic areas. If I have to talk about cardiology, 
which we have extended to cardio metabolic with the introduction of 
dapagliflozin and vildagliptin, that is what we wanted to do. We are a 
big player in the world of gastroenterology and nephrology.  
                                               With new products that we have launched in the world of pediatrics 
and respiratory and with the Sanzyme portfolio coming in, it only adds 
to the or strengthens the area where we are present. See, we want to 
remain focused. We have close to around 2,000 people on the ground 
and with Sanzyme, 300 people more being added, we see the 
opportunity in terms of how do we improve the per person 
productivity, which today stands to around INR 5.5 lakh per person, 
and this can easily grow for next 18 to 24 months without adding any 
feet on the ground at a healthy pace of 12% to 14%.  
                                               So that is what we want to do. We just don't want to get into new 
therapeutic areas, we want to strengthen our existing therapeutic areas, 
and Sanzyme was in – Sanzyme acquisition was in way -- in that way, 
the step that we took. So that therapeutic areas where we are present, 
and the equity that we enjoy with the healthcare professionals, we want 
to strengthen that and we want to do some work which conceptually 
helps more and more patients who can take medicine from the JB 
house, and equally develop a good relationship with the healthcare 
professionals, particularly in the therapeutic areas where we are 
present. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
This helps. There's one more query that I have in mind in terms of our 
input cost pressure that we are experiencing as -- and the entire 
industry is experiencing. But say, in the following year in FY ‘23, 
when we get a chance to take the WPI link inflation for our Analian 
portfolio, should the increase take care of our raw material inflation? 
Going ahead, do you think it should be sufficing to take care of our 
EBITDA margin sustaining above 26%? 

 
Page 22 of 24 
 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, Cyndrella, as earlier also I have guided that last three quarters if 
you see, we have been delivering INR 600 crore revenue every quarter. 
And our EBITDA margins -- operating EBITDA margins are close to 
around 26%. So, with the WPI price increase coming in, that should 
help and with the pressure that we have on the input cost, we aspire to 
deliver market-beating growth in the geographies where we are 
present. We are looking at how do we augment our presence in our 
international markets by getting new introductions and equally drive 
operational efficiency within the organization to at least deliver same 
margin of EBITDA on a market-beating performance in terms of top 
line because fundamentally as a company, we believe in profitable 
growth. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you for-- 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal from 
Search Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, firstly of 
our initial strategy that we presented in March 21, so, we have taken 
steps on the therapy diversification and also augmented a portfolio in 
domestic side. So, from now on what would our-- what would be our 
strategic priorities going ahead? 
Nikhil Chopra: 
So, what was stated earlier also is, if we look at India business with 
that Snzyme acquisition, our contribution from India business would 
be close to 55%. So, that is where we stand. We were 32nd Rank 
company in October 2020. MAT December we are, with Sanzyme 
portfolio combined, December -- for the month of December, we are 
25th rank company. That is where we stand and our intentions are, how 
do we organically -- and with the Sanzyme acquisition, we want to be 
in top 20. That is where we stand from India perspective. So the entire 
transition and the integration with Sanzyme happening in India 
business, that is key for us. That is what we have guided earlier also.  
                                               Second, what I stated earlier was the entire concept of big brands 
getting bigger, that is what we want to do and that will happen with 
closely working with the healthcare professionals and the therapeutic 
segments where we are present, particularly in the field of cardiology, 
nephrology, gastroenterology and respiratory. That will enhance our 
presence in those therapies where we have introduced new products 
and the portfolio that we have. That is point number 2.  
                                               Third, our new introductions have started contributing, which is close 
to now 4% of our revenue. Going ahead, we are looking at how does 

 
Page 23 of 24 
 
it come -- how does it go to 6% to 7%. That is the intention for what -
- that is our strategy that we have -- what we have did on for India 
business. And all this is backed up by a lot of discipline which has 
happened in the system in terms of tight process and systems in place, 
getting into the world of Salesforce automation, Salesforce excellence, 
digital detailing, digital adoption. So all this is backed up when we talk 
of market-beating performance.  
                                               About international business, what we have guided earlier, the play 
that we want to have is particularly in our home markets outside India, 
Russia, South Africa, where we will enhance our presence and go deep 
by getting new products introduced and look at that how do we 
leverage the existing setup that we have got. The -- outside India 
business is, anything I'm passionate about is the entire world of CMO, 
particularly for in the world of lozenges and between me and Kunal 
we shared that the entire strategy is looking at how do we get into the 
new offerings of portfolio and how do we add new partners in this 
world.  
                                               So, this is where we stand. And at the end of the day, what we are 
looking at that, that the run rate that we have got for this year close to 
INR 600 crore, how do we maintain that run rate for quarter four, look 
at operating EBITDA close to 26%, 27%. And there are multiple levers 
which are -- which I've stated earlier, which will overall help us to 
deliver market-beating performance. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Right, right, So broadly, it stays the same what we discussed in March 
‘21. Got it. 
Nikhil Chopra: 
Yes. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
And sir, secondly, would it be possible to quantify how much of 
domestic growth during the quarter was led by Rantac price increase? 
Lakshay Kataria: 
Like we said, overall, from a tax perspective, 50% upwards of volumes 
of Rantac came through the Rantac -- the new price. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Right, right. But on the domestic growth of 20%, how much of that 
would be because of the price increase? Because we don't know how 
much exactly Rantac’s contribution to domestic business, right?  
Lakshay Kataria: 
Sorry, we won't be able to kind of separate. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 

 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to the management. 
Jason D’souza: 
Thanks, Margreth. I think with that, since we have no questions, I think 
we’ll end the earnings call of JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals 
Limited for the third quarter. Thank you everyone for joining us on 
this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JB Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your line. 
