 
RKL/SX/2021-22/91 
February 11, 2022 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code: RADICO 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference call conducted on February 04, 2022  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021, conducted on 
February 04, 2022.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
(Dinesh Kumar Gupta) 
Vice President – Legal &  
Company Secretary  
 
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Bareilly Road, Rampur-4490l (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No-L26941UP1983PLC027276 
DINESH 
KUMAR GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
DINESH KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2022.02.11 
17:52:11 +05'30'

 
 
  
 
0 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
(BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Third Quarter and Nine Month FY2022  
Earnings Conference Call 
February 4, 2022 
 
 
Management Participants: 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
  
 
1 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2022 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Radico Khaitan hosted by Emkay Global Financial 
Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ashit Desai from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide of our earnings 
presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Ashit Desai: 
Thanks, Steven. It is a pleasure to host Radico Khaitan on their Q3 FY22 results 
call. From the management, we have Mr. Abhishek Khaitan - Managing 
Director, Mr. Dilip Banthiya - Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Amar Sinha - Chief 
Operating Officer, and Mr. Sanjeev Banga - President, International Business. I 
will now hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek for opening remarks and then post 
that we can start with the Q&A session. Over to year-on-year, Abhishek! 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on 
our third quarter FY2022 results conference call. I hope you are all doing well 
and keeping safe.  
For most part of the Q3 FY2022 market conditions remain normal as the 
previous wave of pandemic subsided. We are very pleased with the volume 
growth particularly in the Prestige & Above brands, which grew by 18% over 
Q3 FY2021. We continue to outperform the industry with the total volumes of 
6.98 million cases, which is a 7.4% year-on-year growth versus industry growth 
of 2%. The growth was broad based across the portfolio and across states.  
After a strong start with the launch in UP and Maharashtra, Royal 
Ranthambore Whisky and Magic Moments Dazzle Vodka have now been rolled 
out in three more states. Both these brands have received extremely positive 
response. In the month of December 2021, 8 PM Premium Black Whisky 
crossed a monthly run rate of 2 lakhs cases and 8 PM Family crossed 11 lakhs 
cases. This truly reflects the strong consumer franchise that our brands enjoy. 
In January 2022, we have dispatched the first order to CSD for Rampur Indian 
Single Malt and Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin. These brands will go on to create a 
strong positioning for themselves in the CSD market in the coming period.  

 
 
  
 
2 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
With the investment in Rampur Indian Single Malt capacity expansion a few 
years back, we will see substantial quantities of the Single Malt becoming 
available for domestic as well as export market. During the quarter, exports 
have been impacted due to global freight scenario and non-availability of 
containers; however, the order pipeline remained strong.  
Over the last few quarters, we have seen an inflationary trend across industry 
and our sector is no exception. We have seen a sharp increase in some of the 
key input materials, which has impacted our profitability margins particularly 
in the non-IMFL segment. In the near term the operating environment is 
expected to remain challenging. In the medium to long-term, we are confident 
of achieving the high teen margin that we had guided earlier given the 
portfolio premiumization and backward integration. 
 
I am very excited to share that after consolidating the business over the years, 
we have embarked upon a judicious capex plan. We have been evaluating 
returns accretive capital allocation opportunities.  
Today, we have a very strong balance sheet and free cash flow generation. 
Since FY2016, we have reduced our net debt from the peak of Rs. 950 Crores 
to Rs.135 Crores currently, all through internal accruals. During this period, 
our IMFL volumes have expanded from 18.2 million in FY2016 to around 26 
million cases. Our current capacity in Rampur is fully utilized, which 
necessitated the need for expansion. This will be funded 50% through internal 
accruals and rest from borrowings.  
All the capex will be completed by Q1 FY2024 and cash flow will start accruing. 
You will see our debt levels peak out in FY2023 and then start to reduce again 
in FY2024 onwards with the strong cash flow generation from the existing 
business as well as these new projects. We expect to be debt free again by 
FY2025. Both projects will be accretive to EPS and cash flows from the 
inception.  
The business growth opportunity of the Indian Alcobev Industry is very 
compelling and UP is going to be one of the key growth engine.  
Given the current raw material scenario due to the ethanol blending program 
of the central government molasses will be restrained in the future. The 
premium IMFL industry is growing at a faster pace than the overall IMFL 
industry, which uses grain based alcohol. Therefore, the demand for grain ENA 
is going to increase further. One of the key reasons that we have been able to 
create brands like Magic Moments, Morpheus, 8 PM Premium Black, Jaisalmer 
and Rampur Indian Single Malt is because we had quality alcohol from our 
own plants.  

 
 
  
 
3 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
 
The recent change in Uttar Pradesh State Excise Policy of mandating grain 
alcohol in the 42.8% category, which comprises 25% of the overall country 
liquor industry is an important step towards moving consumer to higher 
quality alcohol. With own ENA from our Rampur facility, which will become 
operational by Q4 FY2023, the profitability of the country liquor segment will 
also improve.  
These projects will enable us to expand our in-house capabilities to drive 
future growth of the branded business and capitalize on the industry growth 
opportunities along with securing raw material supplies. In Sitapur, we are also 
putting up malt maturation facilities keeping in view the future growth 
potential of Rampur Indian Single Malt. We are also setting up a craft gin plant 
to support the growth of Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin.  
Both these projects will be return accretive with the average ROCE in the range 
of 20% to 23% and payback period of three-and-a-half to four years. It will 
create value for all shareholders. We have 28 contract bottling units and we 
are currently buying 50 lakhs liters of ENA monthly. So this capex will secure 
the large captive requirement as well. 
 
Rampur dual-feed project will be operational by Q4 FY2023. All major plants 
and equipment have been ordered.  
We have acquired over 107 acres of land in Sitapur and the development work 
will start shortly for the Greenfield. For the purpose of acquiring land, we have 
formed 7 stepdown subsidiaries as there is a ceiling limit on the acquisition of 
the land in UP. The Sitapur plant will be operational by Q1 of FY2024. 
 
We are very happy with these developments, as these capacities will pave the 
way for us to capitalize on the future growth opportunities presented by the 
Indian IMFL industry and in particular in the state of Uttar Pradesh. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed operational 
and financial review. Thank you everyone and over to you, Dilip! 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call today.  
During the third quarter, we reported IMFL sales volume of 6.98 million cases 
representing an increase of 7.4% on year-on-year basis. This was led by 
Prestige and above category volume growth of 18.2%. In value terms, Prestige 
and above category registered 21.5% growth. Prestige and above category 
accounts for 33.8% of total IMFL volume compared to 30.7% in Q3 of FY2021.  
Net revenue from operation during Q3 of FY2022 was Rs. 766 Crores 
representing an increase of 12% compared to Q3 of FY2021. During this period 
IMFL sales value increased by 12.5%. As a percentage of total revenue, IMFL 
sales accounts for 82.1% of net revenue compared to 81.7% in Q3 of last year.  

 
 
  
 
4 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Gross margin during the quarter was 46.2%. This was impacted due to the 
ongoing commodity inflation particularly in the non-IMFL business. Over the 
last few quarters we have seen prices of PET Resin and other packaging 
material go up significantly. However, on Q-o-Q basis, gross margin has 
remained stable.  
Despite a significant increase in raw material prices, gross margin for the IMFL 
business was impacted only moderately owing to a favorable product mix. 
ENA prices have increased marginally in line with expectations given the recent 
changes in ethanol prices.  
Raw materials inflationary trend is expected to continue although the rate of 
increase in expected to moderate in Q4. The Company is taking all efforts to 
optimize cost and to mitigate any margin headwinds. Over the long-term we 
expect to continue our margin expansion of trajectory given our portfolio 
premiumization.  
Finance cost decreased by 42% on Y-o-Y basis from Rs. 5.39 Crores to Rs. 3.12 
Crores during Q3 of FY2022. The Company's cost of borrowing is one of the 
lowest in industry due to the lower interest environment, stable profitability, 
strong capital structure and improved liquidity position. We have an efficient 
working capital management and a very strong credit controls. 
 
During the first nine months of the year, we reduced by net debt by Rs. 62 
Crores after the capex of Rs. 24 Crores for new projects. The recently initiated 
capex plan will enable us to be future ready and capitalize on the industry 
growth opportunity.  
We have a very strong financial position and comfortable liquidity. During 
these times we are taking all necessary steps to sustain our financial strength, 
maintain robust business model and grow consistently, competitively and 
profitable. 
With this, we will now open the line for Q&A. Thank you. 
Question & Answers Session:  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from line of Abneesh Roy from Edelweiss. 
Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on P&A volume that is up, P&A as a percentage of IMFL 
volume, so what will be your long-term 3 years, 5 years target there? Is there a 
conscious strategy or is it that both segments will have their own growth rate? 
So P&A will keep increasing, but do you have a conscious target in mind? 

 
 
  
 
5 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
See, currently P&A is at the level of 33.8% of the total sales, but as you would 
have seen our thrust in the last 3 years particularly has been very aggressive 
on the P&A segment. We have been promoting all our premium brands, Magic 
has been growing, Morpheus Super Premium Brandy has been growing, 1965 
Rum has achieved 10% market share in defence and has garnered equal 
traction in the civil market. Now we have launched our most premium brand 
called Royal Ranthambore which has just hit 5 states. We were seeing excellent 
traction on this product. We have upgraded Magic Moments Vodka to the next 
level, which is close to some of the most premium international brands. This 
has also received very good response and Magic Moments Verve has achieved 
a 20% market share amongst all premium brands including Indian and 
international.  
Now what we see from here is that these brands have just hit the market like 
Royal Ranthambore and Magic Dazzle, they will become stronger and stronger. 
The next 3 years are going to be quite eventful because any premium brand 
requires at least 3 years of right marketing dosage for the brand to bloom. 
Coupled with that our focus on premiumization will continue like we had 
mentioned in the last earnings call, we have had two whiskies in the pipeline. 
One has been delivered, the other premium whisky will be delivered over the 
course of the year. So let me say that we are well online with strengthening the 
premiumization and P&A segment stronger. The next three years are going to 
be quite eventful for Radico. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. My second question is on the raw material and gross margin, so we 
are seeing in general inflation everywhere so ENA, glass bottles, corrugated 
box, diesel for logistic everything has been increasing so how you’ll managed 
QoQ stable GM because of mix, and second in Q4 do you expect things to be 
even more challenging versus Q3 in terms of the raw material? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
You are right, Abneesh, that we have seen the inflationary pressure in this 
current year in last 9 months. The ENA we have seen increase 2.5% Y-o-Y as 
well as Q-on-Q price increases. We see that the pace of increase now should 
moderate because the impact of the supply side constraints which has been 
there is now being addressed slowly. We are trying to upgrade our portfolio 
and improve the product mix and in IMFL segment as I said in my remarks that 
the impact of the inflation has been moderate because of the product 
premiumization. Simultaneously next year we expect this to be passed on by 
taking some price increases in a couple of large states for which the industry 
bodies are already in touch and deliberating with the state government. So I 
think next year onwards the price pressure which we have seen in the current 
quarter and particularly on gross margins should ease to some extent and I 
think we will be again on a better trajectory on gross margin and EBITDA 
margin over the mid to long term. 

 
 
  
 
6 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from GMO. 
Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Just want to know what is the current requirement for ENA and since we are 
doubling our capacity from 101 million liters to close to around 207 million 
liters, it will suffice to what percentage of the requirement after two years and 
second thing on the capex spend like in Rampur we are spending Rs. 185 
Crores just to convert single feed into dual feed, because it will give only 
incrementally just seven percentage, moreover new project where we are 
spending Rs. 555 Cr. So just want to check what would be the ROCE? Can give 
some colour on the expansion of 185 Crores? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As far as the immediate capacity is concerned we have around 8.5 Crores liter 
in Rampur; This is for our branded business as well as for country liquor. Both 
put together this is now utilized 95%+ and as we are doing around 26 million 
cases of the IMFL, so that is 10 Crores to 11 Crores liter of ENA and the country 
liquor portfolio also in state of UP. So put together these will be utilized as the 
industry is growing double digit and particularly in Uttar Pradesh the industry 
growth continues to be in double digit. In the current year itself without an 
increase in the excise duties, the state is talking about Rs. 40,000 Crores of 
revenue from Alcobev Industry. So we see a great growth and in due course of 
time this capacity expansion which is being done will be utilized fully for our 
branded business so keeping in view the horizon of 3 to 5 years and as the 
government ethanol blending program, the molasses is being diverted more 
and more into the ethanol and we have seen again the government data that 
the ethanol blending has gone up from 8% to 11%. Keeping the raw material 
security into account and as we are moving towards premiumization and we 
use the grain base ENA for the premium product so this will be well utilized. 
Second point is regarding dual feed, our molasses plant which has a capacity 
of 140 KLPD right now and to convert into dual feed it is a balancing of 
equipment looking at the future from efficiency and productivity point of view. 
Given the ethanol blending program, the availability of molasses will be 
constrained and therefore we need to convert the molasses plant to dual feed.   
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, why we are converting the dual facility is for a simple reason. We foresee 
that in the near future all molasses products to convert into grain which 
means that the entire portfolio even of the non-IMFL business is going to get 
premiumized into economy IMFL brands like what is in the southern states 
where your recoveries become higher [in economy IMFL]. So by converting 
into the dual mode will help us to increase our margins, which you will see 
from Q4 of FY2023 coming into play and going forward once the entire non-
IMFL business is converted into grain, the realisation and the margins will 
increase substantially. 

 
 
  
 
7 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
In terms of our production, volume will increase by 7% when we convert into 
dual feed and our cost of manufacturing the P&A will change drastically from 
molasses converting to grain? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
No, the selling price will increase because like in the 25% UPML industry what 
the Uttar Pradesh government has given, the grain products realisation for us 
is much higher. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
I am talking more from the manufacturing Sir, because grain ENA is also 
available in future, right because when the enough capacity available for the 
both molasses and grain base because of expansion due to ethanol blending 
in the industry. So when you are spending Rs. 185 Crores just to convert 
molasses to grain and it is not reducing any manufacturing cost from the ROCE 
point of view. We understand on the realization part, but that is on the selling 
price, not from the manufacturing point of view? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I will just explain the scenario in Uttar Pradesh where we are also into the non-
IMFL business. Molasses is given by the government at a reserved price so 
now with ethanol blending that reserve price will eventually go and everything 
will get converted into grain where the realisation of the product will become 
higher so that is what is going to happen in the next 2 to 3 years. So we have 
already prepared ourselves because the whole segment of country liquor, 
which is close to 80 million cases will get into economy IMFL. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
How is availability of grain because if you take as per the government plans for 
the ethanol blending alone we are expecting close to 400 Crores liters worth of 
ethanol from the grain. If this is the case, then how will be the grain 
availability? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, in the end the water will find its own way and what we feel is because 
molasses will go more into ethanol, the realisation of the grain products will go 
up. So eventually in the end your brands will go up because the higher you sell 
the domestic brands, the national brands will sell much more so there we have 
a huge advantage. Plus, the UP state government has defined the policy very 
clearly that all IMFL input will only be grain, so this dual feed conversion is 
going to benefit us.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aaron Armstrong from 
Ashmore Group. Please go ahead. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Thank you for taking my question. For the new capex project, can you talk 
about how much of that relates to the business you currently outsource and 
you are now looking to bring in-sourcing and how much is that and how much 
is it for the new growth opportunity for outsourcing, I mean perhaps if you 
could share some examples where we are currently outsourcing that will allow 
you to bring back in-house and the kind of margin savings, cost savings? 

 
 
  
 
8 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Presently we have actually been outsourcing around 50 lakhs liter of ENA for 
our IMFL business across India per month. So this is 6 Crores of the alcohol 
ENA being bought by the company. As far as your question regarding how 
much does it save towards the backward integration, that is why we are talking 
that this project will give a ROCE of 20% to 23% and the payback period of just 
three-and-a-half years. It will start generating the EPS and free cash flow from 
the first full year of operation which is in 2023-2024. We are very conscious 
about our capital allocation and the reason for allocating for a captive ENA unit 
is our own requirement will be there. As the ethanol blending program is 
progressing, sourcing of the grain based alcohol as well as the molasses based 
alcohol for us will be a challenge. So we are having our own quality alcohol 
that will support our branded business. 
Amar Sinha: 
Just to add, see the growth of the Indian alcohol business is taking place in 
double digit in the prestige and upward segments. We are currently sourcing 
60 million liters out of the additional 100 million liters that the new plant will 
give. So we will have this control on our future because we are basically 
premiumizing and all our premium brands require grain, which is of good 
quality that is what we are planning to do. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Thank you. If I see on page 12 of the presentation, you mentioned malt 
utilization capacity, we should start in 2024, can you talk about how significant 
this could be? Any indications on the volume, that which we would expect? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
We expanded our malt capacity a few years ago. Our malt distillery is based in 
Rampur itself and we have been ageing and maturing malt for our Rampur 
Single Malt all this while. So we are setting up additional maturation facility in 
the new plant, which will give us rich dividends in the years to come when all 
this malt is available to us. We do expect much larger quantity because 
currently Rampur Single Malt is still on allocation whether it is in the 
international markets and we have launched it only in very few markets in 
India so it is still on the allocation and will remain on allocation for next 12 
months. But we will expect substantial quantity of malt to be available for 
bottling from next year onwards that basically 2023-2024 onwards so that 
should give a huge boost to our luxury portfolio as well as our revenues. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Could you give some number around that base? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Well, we do not share brand wise numbers, but you know going by the 
response and the awards that our brand has been winning world over. In fact, 
Rampur Asava was ranked the number seven amongst the top 20 whiskies of 
the year 2021. We have been consistently winning gold medals and ratings of 
94 to 95 points with all the whiskey experts. So as they say, we have just 
touched the tip of the iceberg. Our brands are available in about 85 countries 

 
 
  
 
9 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
but Rampur is only available in about 35 countries. Hopefully that will be over 
in the next 12 months, so you can see growth coming from this portfolio. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
One more question, the GP margins was around 50% a year ago, and do you 
see it is recovering in the coming quarters or do you think that is not likely? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
This is where we are seeing the inflationary pressure and I think as we have 
already guided we expect the margin again gross profit margin to again come 
back 48 or 50 levels when this inflation pressure is subsided, price increase will 
happen at the same time product premiumization is happening, so all these 
are towards that. So we are expecting this in coming 2 to 3 years we should be 
back in our gross margin at 50 level and on operating margin as guided on 
high teens level. 
Aaron Armstrong: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amarjeet Maurya from Angel 
One. Please go ahead. 
Amarjeet Maurya: 
Sir, can you provide me 9 month’s industry volume numbers and what is your 
expectation in the full year industry volume numbers? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
9 months we have actually shown a growth of 18.6% and the good thing is that 
the Prestige and above brands have grown by 23% against an industry growth 
of Prestige of only about 18%. Regular brands have grown by 17%. The growth 
therefore in volume terms is very healthy and industry growth is 14% overall. 
We have outperformed  the industry growth as usual for the fifth year. 
Amarjeet Maurya: 
Sir, what is our expectation for the full year if you are considering the fourth 
quarter? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
In nine months our growth is 18.6% so full year should be in the late teens 
only. 
Amarjeet Maurya: 
Sir, what is it for the industry? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Industry would be the same. Like industry has grown in the 9 months by 14% 
so I think industry would be the range of about 12% to 15% and Radico’s 
growth would much ahead of the industry. 
Amarjeet Maurya: 
Sir, we say that 4% to 5% outperformance against industry? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Right. 
Amarjeet Maurya: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Chopda from UTI 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
 
10 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Vishal Chopda: 
Thanks for taking my question. Going back to the capex, I mean hearing you I 
understood the problem you are anticipating is that if this blending is 
increasing this could be ensuring outsourcing of ENA, so we are trying to do 
more of in-house manufacturing but as I understand this will be more of an 
industry specific issue not just for us and obviously we are a small player in the 
IMFL industry. We have much bigger players like United Spirits and Pernod and 
we do not see them putting their own ENA capacity. So I am trying to 
understand what is the difference that they will be able to manage with 
outsourcing and you have to do own manufacturing? Could we also not have 
continued the outsourcing and obviously keep our balance sheet light instead 
of taking doing high this capex? So I just want to understand what I am missing 
here? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
That is an interesting question. If you see the history of Radico, Radico is the 
only company to create close to about 10 to 15 premium brands in the last 
one-and-a-half decades and this has been possible because of the quality of 
spirit we produce. We started as a distillation company and producing the 
right quality spirit has been our forte. Even if you see Rampur Indian Single 
Malt retailing at Rs. 8500 a bottle much higher than any 18 year old whiskey 
and still being given on an allocation shows the quality we produce. It is the 
kind of premium portfolio like even 8 PM Premium Black which has touched 2 
lakhs cases a month. Going forward with our Royal Ranthambore, Rampur, 
Jaisalmer, etc. the in-house capacity of producing our own spirit is going to fuel 
my growth for the future. Even Magic Moments Vodka having a market share 
of 58-60% itself speaks the quality of the liquor we produce. So I think by 
having this dual feed and Sitapur, Radico is set for the next 7 to 10 years. 
Secondly if you see, we had waited for 5 years, my debt level from Rs. 950 Cr is 
down to 130 cr. We are going to borrow only Rs. 370 Crores long term debt in 
the range of 6% to 6.5% whereas these project is going to yield me 20% to 
23%. So I think it is a right time Radico is doing. Now it has consolidated to 
position itself for the premium play for the next 7 to 10 years. 
Vishal Chopda: 
Just a point, I want to make here is that what we have done in last 4 to 5 years 
is very phenomenal in terms of growth and improving our balance sheets 
which has been reflected in the stock price and our valuations. We have 
transitioned from bulk alcohol manufacturing to an IMFL player now. We are 
now focusing back on bulk alcohol manufacturing instead of continuing to 
outsource like the bigger brand so is that again you are taking this. So that is 
the only concern here and if we have two bigger players who continue to 
outsource, why cannot we do that and just focus on brand building, 
premiumization. I think that would have been better that is would have been 
in my view anyways. I take your point. Secondly, on the ROCE calculation, I just 
wanted to clarify there will be some assumption of the grain based ENA price 
there and the raw material I am assuming would mainly be rice here. Is there a 

 
 
  
 
11 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
linkage between the ENA price and how is the linkage? I just want to 
understand suppose rice prices hypothetically go up does that significantly 
change our ROCE calculation because our raw material price will go up and the 
grain-based ENA price, is it linked to that because I think molasses based ENA 
prices is more governed by the government. The government tells what prices 
to sell at so may be the grain-based ENA prices also linked to that and what 
happens if rice prices move so how does it impact our ROCE calculation? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See we have done a ROCE calculation on a very conservative basis in this 
project because it is not only the alcohol. It will help me to sell the branded 
products where we have not even considered the margins for the returns 
calculation. So there is enough headroom for the project so the payback I 
think even after the pricing going up or down would not affect. 
Vishal Chopda: 
You are saying the rice volatility and rice price input price should not impact 
your payback periods? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, it should not impact. 
Vishal Chopda:  
Thank you. Thanks and that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I just wanted to kind of continue with the last 
question a bit and more from a conceptual basis. What I hear is that you 
would like to do this capacity because it helps us grow in the premium 
segment and hence would it be right to assume that as this growth continues 
you would want to maintain that back-end support and hence want to have 
that capacity and you may need to kind of add to this capacity say five years 
down the line or three years down the line. Is that the right way to understand 
that? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See that as of now to answer this question would be little difficult because if 
you see we have planned for the next five to seven years like when we started 
Rampur Indian Single Malt being priced at Rs. 8500 and Rs. 3700 for Jaisalmer, 
the most expensive gin in the country, we did not expect the response to be so 
overwhelming so depending on this now with the capacity what we had 
invested four years back will start coming in 2023-2024 of the malt, so 
depending on the demand we will take our call during that time but as of now I 
think next seven to ten years we are quite self-sufficient and this is going to 
greatly help in our premium portfolio. This investment sets us up for the next 
7-10 years on the distillation side. 
Avi Mehta: 
And so if I heard you correctly this is not a decision which has been based on 
the pricing of the ENA, you are not expecting ENA prices to rise further? 

 
 
  
 
12 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
No. It is for the grain ENA because there are two points. We feel the molasses 
is going to get extinct, second the security of raw material. We get the grain 
ENA of the best quality, we expand our gin distillery, we expand our 
maturation of malt for Rampur Indian Single Malt where the volumes after 
four years can go multi-fold like what we did in our Rampur plant which will 
see the volumes coming in 2023-2024. So overall I think from a premium point 
and today when the debt is so low 6.5% and the projects can give us a ROCE of 
20% to 23% and help my premium portfolio. I think it will add a lot of value for 
all the stakeholders. 
Avi Mehta: 
The second question is just on the grain versus molasses. Are you also arguing 
in a way that our regular portfolio at some point of time will also start using 
grain? Is that also the thought process behind saying that grain molasses will 
die and everything has to move to grain, is that a good assumption? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Absolutely you are right. As of today, 90% of our brands are using grains and 
in the coming future which is down the line I think another one or two years 
everything will be grain. 
Avi Mehta: 
No. Not for us I mean for the industry I am sorry I was not clear on that. I 
meant are you asking it for the industry which is why you see capacity as being 
an issue? is that what you are saying? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Industry also if you see gradually has moved towards the grain. Industry also I 
think 70% to 80% will be grain now so but in the near future with this ethanol 
blending I think next two to three years everything will be on grain. 
Amar Sinha: 
See what is happening is as I had mentioned earlier, the growth in the alcohol 
branded business is only coming from the prestige and upward segments that 
is the premium range. This segment is going to expand multi-fold in the next 
five years and we will require that much more grain. Molasses will be extinct 
and therefore we are basically setting up this plant to make sure that we 
control our own grain spirit of quality which has so far been a major factor in 
the success of Radico's portfolio. 
Avi Mehta: 
I mean exactly so I just wanted to clarify that the reason for this is quality and 
not a concern on availability or pricing. That is what I wanted to just clarify. 
Amar Sinha: 
See quality is definitely the prime focus but obviously it will help us in price as 
well. 
Avi Mehta: 
 
That is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
  
 
13 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good afternoon. Sir I just had a few questions one was on UP so you know the 
change in the UP policy has that been the core reason for the dual feed or 
were you all already thinking about this dual feed kind of you know capex and 
just an addition to that is there any incentives that the government is 
providing on this capex that you are doing on either on the Sitapur side that 
that adds to your ROCE calculation? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
If you see if we have ordered the plants in the last quarter we have been 
foreseeing this coming and now it has come sooner than later which is very 
good for the industry of getting the non-IMFL business also into grain because 
your recovery is increased, you are not dependent on any sugar mill and your 
brands command that price. So I think that has been a very important and a 
good change which has come. 
Harit Kapoor:  
Any incentive that the government is providing there? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
There are no incentives by the government. 
Harit Kapoor: 
The other question was on 11 Crores liters that come in fiscal year 2024. 
Firstly, this six Crores liter that you are outsourcing from outside I am 
assuming that all of it cannot go in-house right because you are buying from 
different states and the freight costs etc., so how much of that can be now 
manufactured in-house for your own purpose out of the six crore liters? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See the six Crore liter is also increasing rapidly now because what we are 
seeing with the volume ramping up and everything so I think about 70%, 80% 
can be used for internal plus the growth. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Plus the growth and at the same time this 42.8% which has been converted 
will also take a large chunk of that which is again grain based completely, 
which is 25% of the industry. So in the beginning it will be mix of the our own 
for IMFL as well as non-IMFL, but at a later two to three years’ time our own 
growth in the IMFL business and the non-IMFL business will take away 
everything so that capacity utilization we will ensure will be full, by partly 
selling ENA outside as well as for our own consumption. 
Harit Kapoor: 
There will be 11 Crore liters in FY2024 that you are expecting to fully utilize 
how much of that in your current calculation would be say you selling outside 
and how much of it would be in-house because of the country liquor being 
higher and also your own requirements on IMFL, and the fact that you are not 
outsourcing anymore and just an addition to that is are you already now over 
next year going to kind of figure out the tie ups with the brands for that 11 
Crores liters for selling ENA outside how will that work? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So in the beginning for a couple of years it will also be utilized partly for 
supplying grain ENA. There also is a good pricing, so this is interim for a couple 

 
 
  
 
14 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
of years but eventually used for IMFL and non-IMFL as the volumes are 
growing. It will make good the complete capacity and we have our plans where 
we will see that for a couple of years only it will be supplied outside and 
thereafter consumed captively. After that as we said that 25% of the non-IMFL 
industry is now on grain and eventually 36% and 25% strengths will also get 
converted as the molasses availability is constrained and moved towards 
ethanol blending. So keeping in view this is the first step and the next steps 
which the government has started taking will again be taking and creating a 
huge demand for grain based alcohol. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just the last thing on this was out of this Rs. 550 odd Crores that you are doing 
on the Greenfield how much is the land cost involved in this roughly? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
It is roughly 8% of the total project cost. 
Moderator: 
Thank you next question is from the line of Jaideep Walia from Newmark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jaideep Walia: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir I wanted to find out if you would be 
manufacturing a different grade or quality of ENA in your new plant versus 
what is available in the market? My impression was that the ENA it is a 
commodity so there is not much value proposition of creating your own 
distillery. So I wanted to know your opinion on that? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The quality of ENA differs on the quality of plant and we being expert in 
running this plant for ages. So the quality of plant, the quality of alcohol being 
produced by our plant is much superior and that is the reason we have been 
using all the alcohol of our own source in the Magic, Magic Flavors, Morpheus, 
etc. so to say that quality is for a commodity is same is not right. At the same 
time even we were exporting to the multinationals the quality of alcohol which 
was not accepted from any other manufacturer. So to be actually in control 
over our own quality in the branded business it is a desired and necessary 
compelling reason that we should have our own capacity so that we can 
produce those kind of branded products which we are actually launching and 
in pipeline. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Just to add what Dilip mentioned when we used to export our ENA to global 
players, Radico ENA commanded a premium of seven to ten percent over all 
the other manufacturers which is a testimony of the quality that we produce 
and we intend to do the same thing in Sitapur plant as well. 
Jaideep Walia: 
The ROCE number that you are projecting of after the 20% kind of ROCE on 
these new investments. So if I remember rightly just five six years back on 
distillery plants mid single-digit ROCE was there, so the ROCE might look good 
as of now because of obviously there is a shortage of ENA because of the 
government blending program but are you sure this kind of return on capital 

 
 
  
 
15 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
employed will remain after three years and all capacities which is being 
created by the industry right now comes online right so it is possible that after 
three years once all the capacity comes online the return on capital employed 
might fall to low to mid-single digits? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See the ROCE what we have calculated, we have not taken into account the 
upside we are going to get because we are being able to produce more of our 
premium brands. So I think the ROCE is also on quite a conservative basis so I 
do not foresee going to a single digit at all. There is quite headroom for that. 
Jaideep Walia: 
You could have looked at other kind of arrangements as well right like co-
locating your bottling plant with another distillery capex for which would have 
been put up by some other party rather than Radico itself funding the capex. 
So have you explored those kinds of events and what made you reject those 
kind of arrangements? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We would not like to risk our heart which is our Rampur, Jaisalmer, all our 
premium products in anyone else’s hand. I am investing for the next seven to 
ten years and especially where in next by FY2025 will be debt free. So this is 
investment for my premium portfolio and the growth of premium brands of 
Radico which we would not like to risk it at any other people's hand. 
Jaideep Walia:  
Is not malt capacity expansion independent of distillery capacity expansion? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes. We are also putting a malt maturation hall which we had put it in Rampur 
about three and a half, four years back where our products will now start 
coming in 2023-2024 where the Rampur volumes will significantly go up and 
even the gin because the gin has taken off very well in the markets and it is a 
craft gin, so a new craft gin distillery also will be put there. 
Jaideep Walia: 
What I was trying to say is that you could have expanded malt capacity 
independent of this distillery investment, right? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Yes, we could have but you know again going back to the same thing we need 
to be 100% sure of the quality of the liquid of the alcohol that goes into our 
premium brands and we will not take any chances on that and then the 
returns are good we are a debt free company, why generate more revenue 
and more profits in years to come. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So to support it further this is a business case to support the brands at the 
premium level at the same time it is a financial compelling reason as well. 
When we can raise the money at 6% to 6.25% for a five-year period and can 
generate a ROCE of 20% to 23% then it makes sense to have secure raw 
material supplies, quality supply, generating revenue, generating the ROCE 
which is much better than what your cost of capital is. So this is creating in 
medium to longer term stakeholders value. 

 
 
  
 
16 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan By BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Good afternoon Sir. Thanks for giving the opportunity. Sir this backward 
integration what we are planning would this really fair that our margin 
trajectory what you are targeting of around high teen should improve? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Especially with backward integration of the premium brand, we want to give a 
guidance on a conservative basis where in a couple of years, we will be in the 
high teens. Then it all depends on Rampur, and Jaisalmer is where it can go 
further up and Royal Ranthambore. But to give an estimate right now we 
would like to stick high teens. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
In your initial comments, you mentioned that export is something where there 
is some bit of disruption because of the lesser availability of container and 
what kind of impact on the overall volumes was there in this quarter because 
of this lower exports? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
You see our export order book remains very healthy. Yes, there has been a 
global shortage of containers and the freight rates have been going very, very 
high but the silver lining is that they have now kind of stabilized and they are 
not increasing. Earlier every fortnight, the freight rates were going up and 
availability was an issue. So we do expect them to stabilize and hopefully in 
the coming months may come down, moderate a little bit and the order which 
are all in pipeline will start moving out. Still, we in terms of export, we grew by 
about 85% last year and we are trying to maintain the same volume level of 
exports this year also despite all the challenges. I think it will be a good way to 
consolidate our export business. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
This quarter even the regular we have seen the volume growth little bit on the 
lower side at around 2%, 3% last two quarters we have been seeing at around 
2%, 3% any specific reason for this or should we expect it to remain at this 
level or there should be further improvements? 
Amar Sinha: 
See what we see that the volumes are very buoyant for us in most states. In 
multiple states our volumes are showing a double-digit growth and that 
speaks a lot about the acceptance, consumer franchise for the brands that we 
have cultivated over the last five years. So yes we are very hopeful, we are 
optimistic and we hope the trends to continue. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We have guided earlier also that on the prestige and above category we will be 
growing in double digits and in the regular category where we are doing only 
in selected states not pan India depending on the contribution it generates. So 
right there we have always been talking about a single digit or 5%, 6%. So I 
think industry as well is also showing the trend that prestige and above 
category is growing better than the regular popular category. 

 
 
  
 
17 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question due to paucity of time from the line 
of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
I just have a couple of questions see first what is your current ENA 
requirement in UP market alone and how much is being met internally? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See currently we are buying on an average about 20 lakh liters per month for 
the UP market. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sir the point is you know I understand that ENA is something which cannot be 
you know transported from one state to another state easily right given the 
taxation and all, so how are you planning to sell that the extra ENA that you 
will generate from this capex? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
One is the ENA what we are buying for the domestic market is about 50 lakh 
liters per month and for the non-IMFL business we are buying about 20 lakh 
liters per month. So the 20 straight away gets utilized plus the growth which 
will come plus the growth of the premium brands plus our shortage of even 
for the premium brands, the 50 lakh what we are buying a part of it will get 
converted into our own usage. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
By which year you know will you be in a position to use the complete new 
capex for your internal requirement? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
About three to four years. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
So the first three years you will be selling it to the other alcohol players is that 
right? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
We will supply the grain ethanol in the meantime. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
But do we have demand I mean I assume that there will already be enough 
supply in the UP market right? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
There is enough demand. I think the demand supply gap that the government 
itself is having and very remunerative prices government is giving and for that 
government is also giving the policies like buying the grain from FCI and all 
that just to support the supplies. Last year supplies overall was 8%, this year it 
has jumped by 300 basis point. I think the government talking about by 2025 
20% is a big target and I think that will have if our own supply is there, there is 
enough demand because 20% from 11% is a lot of gap. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Just one final question from my side so the capex that you are doing you know 
for Greenfield which is coming to almost 1.6 Crores per KLPD, is it the industry 
average number or is it slightly on a higher side, because I am looking at the 

 
 
  
 
18 | Page  
 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
amount of competitors who are doing at 1 Crores, 1.1 Crores per KLPD. So, 
just trying to understand why it is on a higher side? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, this capex of Sitapur includes your malt maturation hall, it includes the gin 
distillery, it also includes bottling halls of 10 billion cases of IMFL and 10 million 
cases of non-IMFL. So it is the mixture of everything. It is not just only the plant 
itself, it is we are going to beef it up for the premium brand. It is a combination 
of lot of other plants which we are putting in. 
Dilip Banthiya:  
It will be a total integrated facility. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you Ashit. We have continued to deliver upon our premiumization 
strategy which is reflected in our strong P&A volume growth during this 
quarter as well as in the past five years. The two new luxury brands are doing 
very well. They continue to receive positive consumer and trade feedback in 
the new markets they are being rolled out. Next year we will roll it out in the 
pan India basis. There have been short-term margin pressures due to 
commodity inflation, but we are confident of maintaining our long-term 
margin expansion given the premiumization of our portfolio and backward 
integration. We look forward of interacting with you on our next earnings call. 
In the meanwhile, if you have any queries, or follow-up please feel free to write 
to us. Stay safe and healthy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services 
that concludes this conference call. We thank you all for joining. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
*** 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
