 
 
 
Date: 29th January, 2022 
  
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Ltd., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street. Fort, Mumbai-400001. 
Scrip Code ; 533080 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
Exchange Plaza, Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E). 
Mumbai-400051.  
Ref: MOLDTKPAC - EQ 
 
Sub: Outcome of Investors Conference Call held on 27th January, 2022 (Regulation 30 of 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015) 
 
Please find enclosed outcome of the Analyst/Investors conference call of the company held on 
27th January, 2022. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
  
                  
Thakur Vishal Singh  
Company Secretary  
 

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“ Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ABHISHEK NAVALGUND – NIRMAL BANG EQUITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JANUMAHANTI LAKSHMANA RAO – CHAIRMAN 
& MANAGING DIRECTOR - MOLD-TEK PACKAGING 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Moldtek Packaging Limited 3Q 
FY2022 results conference call, hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Abhishek Navalgund from Nirmal Bang Equities. Thank you and 
over to you, Sir! 
Abhishek Navalgund: 
Thanks Raymond. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional 
Equities, I welcome you all to this earnings conference call of Moldtek Packaging for Q3 
FY2022. We have with us Mr. Lakshmana Rao Chairman and Managing Director and the 
entire finance team at Moldtek. Without further ado, I request Lakshmana Sir to start with 
his opening comments post which we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to 
you Sir. 
J. J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Good afternoon and welcome to the conference call of Q3 results of Moldtek Packaging. 
Thank you all for your interest in our company and its performance. I am glad to inform 
you that in the Q3 the revenues are up by about 20% and PAT is up by 11% and in the nine 
month period the PAT is up by 54% percent and revenues are up by 42%. 
This was the quarter again where the raw material were ruling very high in spite of that the 
per kg EBITDA margin of the company could be maintained or rather little improved over 
the Q2 but compared to the Q3 of last year there is a comfortable 18% up from 36.5% to 
almost 43.05%. So that is a sizeable improvement in the EBITDA per kg was achieved. 
Thanks to the robust growth in the food and FMCG sector products. 
I am also glad to inform you that the first order, commercial order for our QR-coded IML 
Packs has been received from a company which is manufacturing aqua products and 
nutraceuticals for aquaculture industry in the sizes of one, four I think five, ten and 15 kg 
size packs which are being produced and delivered to them in the month of February. That 
is the beginning of for bringing in digital packaging into the country and many other lube 
and paint companies are also vying to introduce this but owing to be COVID they were not 
very actively functioning and taking trials and running, trial lots in the market and filling 
trials on their filling lines were getting delayed, but this company being a local company 
and having a very good outlook about traceability and controlling the counterfeit markets, 
they have adopted this technology and I am glad this will be the beginning of digital 
marketing of digital packaging of products in this country again introduced for the first time 
by Moldtek. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
So as we go forward I will take the question and answers to convey more information about 
the company prospects. I hand over back to the operator, so that we can have questions one 
after the other. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Jagwani with PGM India Mutual Funds. Thank you. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
I just had a basic question. So you know in terms our realization what we have in each of 
the segments what would be our like RM cost per kg like you know against the segments 
including all the raw materials? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
The blended raw material cost is about Rs.110 for the Q3 compared to it was the Rs.85 last 
year that is almost rise of 30%. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
Okay so on a per kg basis our RM is Rs.110? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes Rs.120 per kg, the blended cost after affecting the SFG, FG all that is coming to 
Rs.110. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
How are you placing the RM front now, I mean as price is still increasing? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
RM prices are still stagnant at least for in the month of January there is just Re.1 price hike 
again. There was a little downtrend in December but again in January they have risen by 
Re.2. 
Rahul Jagwani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Archana Gude with IDBI Capital. Thank you. 
Please go ahead. 
Archana Gude: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two three questions so in the press release it is 
mentioned that you know we have received some orders from Amul, PVR etc., can you 
throw some more light on for which products and what is the in terms of the value size? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
You are talking about the from the companies like PVR and others? 
Archana Gude: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I just do not have the exact numbers but Amul I know is close to about 15 Crores, initial 
orders and PVR is for starting order. So Bio-Shad and PVR and others are just starting. 
There could be opportunities of one to two crores per annum to start with. Amul I know 
because it was a bigger tender we won so it is around 15 Crores. 
Archana Gude: 
Also we do understand this paint is slightly subdued in Q3 uh but then how is the scenario 
in like you know in the beginning of January, is there any improvement? Also can you just 
quantify like how we did in paints in Q3 in terms of volume and value? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Paints in Q3 in spite of overall growth of Q3 on Q3 growth of 20% in value, in tonnage 
terms paints are down by about 6.3% compared to the Q3 of last year because of the price 
rise that has been taken by the paint industry in the month of November they pick up in the 
month of November and December is subdued. That has impacted our sales in the paint 
sector, which is a major contributor to our company's topline; however, the bottomline has 
been well guarded by the growth in tin wall that is food and FMCG where we have seen 
38.5% growth in volumes, in terms of thin wall products compared to the Q3 of last year. 
So whatever the improvement what we could see in the per kg EBITDA is mainly due to 
the increase in sale of thin wall food and FMCG business this quarter. 
Archana Gude: 
Is there any improvements than what we saw in Q3 at least in the month of January, as the 
January month is almost over? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
In the month of January yes things are improving. Actually it is not January. January was 
like similar to December November but forecast given by the major players of Asian Paints 
and other paint players is much better rather they are back on track I can say because 
whenever they take a price rise a few weeks before onwards their filling lines will take a 
little cut in their productivity but the ultimate numbers until the goods in the transit or goods 
in the distribution channels are all cleared then they start all again so I think the trend is 
improving from February onwards. 
Archana Gude: 
My last question is on this IBM I believe that the new machinery should be operational by 
let us say April 2022 so have we received any order for that particular technology. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
in IBM we have three sectors we are aiming at one is pharma, regulatory market, one is 
OTC products and another is cosmetics and general FMCG goods. So in the general FMCG 
and OTC we have won solid inquiry which we are about to close maybe in a week or two 
weeks, which would be almost able to fill the capacity of our pilot plant, which is coming 
up by April, May and our idea was to while these products are produced, the pharmaceutical 
containers will be also produced simultaneously and clearances of all statutory clearances, 
DM clearances would take about five to six months and by that time we will have our major 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
plant at Sultanpur ready to go into production. So without wasting idling capacity we will 
be in a position to start off with FMCG and OTC products right from April May onwards 
hopefully May onwards and by end of the year, we will get the clearances from 
pharmaceutical companies and by then our expanded Sultanpur facility will be able to take 
up those orders. 
Archana Gude: 
How much you are spending for these the one which is like will be operational by March 
2022 and the second by December 2022? How much is the total capex for these two? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
The May 2022 the pilot plant is hardly around nine to ten Crores but the major plant which 
is constructed in a 40000 square feet area is a Greenfield project that will gradually in the 
year 2022 and 2023 together there will be investment close to around 35 Crores to 40 
Crores. As the demand increases will be in a position to quickly add the machines but the 
buildings will be ready to have the facility by hopefully around September or October 2022. 
Archana Gude: 
Thank you so much. That was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rohit Reddy, investor. Please go 
ahead. Thank you. 
Rohit Reddy: 
My question is regarding the raw material. (Inaudible) 11:20? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Your voice is not so clear I understand you are asking about use of recycling material. Is it 
correct? 
Rohit Reddy: 
Yes. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes we have started actually with the consent of some of our clients like Asian Paints and 
some of the FMCG clients. We have started using a recycled material which is completely 
cleaned and provided in a very what you call clean and dust-free and hygienic manner. Of 
course the material cost difference is not much maybe 15% 20% but that material is so 
clean and segregated that we do not have any problems of processing and slowly companies 
who are very conscious about cutting down or making use of recyclability they are slowly 
asking us to mix that material, which we have started using for last few months. So 
recycling now what it is available recycling material now is way better than what it was 
couple of years ago and there are big plants which are having facilities that completely 
clean the plastic, remove the dust and also you know any contamination and provide even 
they are claiming that their material is a food grade. So I am glad that the recycling industry 
in the country has improved a lot. Earlier such kind of material was only available in 
Singapore or Thailand and such countries now it is available in India and the process they 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
adopted is very, very suitable for easier recycling in injection modeling. So that process has 
started and our company is forheading this development also with companies like Asian 
Paints and other MNCs. 
Rohit Reddy: 
So are we buying those recycled plastic or like are they only trying to create this from other 
secondary marketplace like how are you doing it currently? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No. There are recycling companies which have set up in different parts of the country, one 
in north and one in Daman area and they are able to supply reprocessed, cleaned and re-
granulated material directly so we do not do that process. The process is done by a third 
party who offer that material back to us, back to us means to us and then we use it in our 
compounding. 
Rohit Reddy: 
How much is the cost per differential like a normal one and the recycled one? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
The cost differential is hardly 15% but the idea is not only the cost difference, but also 
getting into the recycling, which is a point of content for environmental angle. So some of 
the companies like Asian Paints and others who are very concerned and like us we are also 
concerned about bringing in more recycling so we are working closely with them to adopt 
this material. 
Rohit Reddy: 
Thank you again. That is it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Mrunal Shah with Axanoun Investment. Thank 
you. Please go ahead. 
Mrunal Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. I have two questions first can you have the EBITDA 
margins for all the categories like IML, Non-IML and IBM and second can you throw some 
light on company succession plan if we have any? Thank you. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See coming to the EBITDA margins on a segment-wise I may not able to provide right now 
but the EBITDA margins of thin wall food are the highest among all four sectors that is 
paint, lube, square packs and thin wall packs. Probably if you send a mail I will ask my 
finance department to give you that breakup but roughly if you want I can say that the 
paints EBITDA margins will be somewhere around Rs.30 to Rs.35 per kg, lubes also will 
fall in the same category, square packs also fall similar to maybe better Rs.35 to Rs.40 and 
then thin wall products it is as high as Rs.80 to Rs.90 or even Rs.80 to Rs.100 per kg. So the 
overall blended EBITDA is around Rs.43 that is your answer to your first question. Coming 
to the succession plan I am very glad to inform you that you might have also interacted, my 
son Rana Pratap who is from IIT Delhi and IIM Lucknow has been in the company for the 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
last eight years. Mr. Sandeep is also son of our Deputy Managing Director. He's a MBA 
from Purdue and B Tech from REC, Kurukshetra and he has been in the company for last 
year nine years now. He is completely looking after production planning and controlling 
and coordination while Rana Pratap who is my son is taking care of marketing and new 
business development and he is instrumental in actually getting into IBM and new product 
development. He brought in a lot of currencies especially Hindustan Lever, Proctor & 
Gamble, GSK are brought in after he has taken out the marketing in the last couple of years 
and they are also involved in project management, selection of the moulds and the 
machinery. I think they are getting well groomed and I am confident they will be a position 
to succeed and take the company forward. 
Mrunal Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Hitesh Taunk with ICICI Direct. Please go 
ahead. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. My first question pertains to overall volume growth 
during this quarter or overall volume if you can give us? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Volumes are flattish because there was a big drop in not a big drop, drop of 6.3% in paint 
which contribute more than 55% to our company. So there is a drop of about 2% to 2.5% 
drop in volumes in this quarter compared to the Q2 and whereas the volumes have gone up 
in the case of thin wall there is a 12% is compared to Q2 in the food segment that is thin 
wall segment whereas other segments have registered, paints have registered minus 12% in 
volume terms, lubes have registered positive actually they have gone up by 15% so overall 
net it is around 2.5% 2.6% drop in the volume compared to Q2. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
We have seen a good traction in the lubricant segment is it a kind of a one-off event or will 
it be kind of a sustainable demand you are looking at this segment? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See in lubes if you notice, we never hope lubes will be a great winner because lubes are 
getting more and more stagnant and in fact by getting into our public sector that is BPCL is 
where we have seen growth, the main reason for our Q3 growth in lubricants is public 
sector companies which we generally do not get tenders we got the tender from BPCL six 
months ago and they started picking up the numbers from September October onwards. So 
the growth what you see in lubes is mainly because of BPCL two years tender we won 
recently, which has started picking up from October onwards. So that is the one reason for 
lubes growth but in lubes through QR code we anticipate growth coming our way because 
once they adopt QR coded container because lubes are the most affected by counterfeit next 
to paint we can say after lubes it is paints, the number one product which has been 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
counterfeited in the country is lubricants. So they are very much interested in adopting our 
QR code at IML. Unfortunately, because of this COVID situation their plants neither their 
clients nor their marketing teams are actively coming physically to the office to adopt this 
change and test the change in the market. Any moment there is some couple of months of 
peace resumes from this COVID I am sure they all will go for it because they already now 
understood what QR coded IML with inside the IML code can do the even the IT part of 
that controlling of counterfeit which I explained in my previous talk are all ready now so we 
have now tied up all the regions both are the hardware side and the software side because 
this is a kind of digital packaging where sitting in the office, the clients can monitor which 
pack is lying where and when it is sold and they can ensure that that repack will not be sold 
again because of the counterfeiting control they get through the QR code, hidden QR code 
and outside QR code. So all these concepts are ready but unfortunately with the COVID 
going on physically they could not test it. I am sure once normalcy comes they all will go 
for it that is when I anticipate growth coming in the lube sector, real growth. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
Earlier you have given a guidance of volume growth of around 20% over the next two years 
I mean are you stick with the same guidance so I mean you? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
We are aiming at that. This year we are at around 14% for the nine months. Our volume 
growth is 14% and hopefully we may end up similar or maybe 13% to 14% because the 
fourth quarter also we may look at around 10% growth is what looks feasible. So overall we 
may end up the overall year at around 13% is my guess, but next year our IBM products 
will start and many new products for MNC's in food sector food and FMCG mainly food 
sector are on the anvil. I cannot tell the names today because the orders are about to be 
received but we have stuck deals at least for four products which will contribute 
handsomely to the food and FMCG that is thin wall sector from April May onwards 
because the mold development will take three four months. So hopefully from May 
onwards those three four products will be added to our thin wall segment and they will be 
contributing considerably in the next financial year so we are aiming at 18% to 20% volume 
growth again next year if no pandemic and things go smooth. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
What was the pump revenue during this quarter? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Pump revenues are now picking up. They are just about a Crore of rupees in the quarter but 
we have now got the clearance from Hindustan Levers just few days ago and supplies will 
start from next month for HUL. Our Reckitt Benckiser and Himalaya again these two 
players are also impacted by COVID, some of them and they could not visit for the final 
trials but their corrections were done and their models you know every pump has a small 
minor difference in the caps on the outside actuator so those corrections were made and 
submitted so once that is cleared Himalaya and Reckitt Benckiser are also expected to add 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
volumes. As I said hopefully from April there will be at least 100% to 150% improvement 
in the pumps sales. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
My last question will be recently we have done a QIP and from that QIP the promoter stake 
has reduced another you know one percent on the QOQ basis so is there any plan to 
increase the stake or what is your take on that? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See you have correctly noticed that there is a drop in the promoters holding after the QIP, 
but there are warrants which are getting converted in the month of April May this year 2022 
wherein promoters stake will come back to almost 33.7% to 34%. So we will be back to the 
previous levels of 34% after this conversion. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
Thank you. That is it from my side. If I have more questions, I will come on the queue. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Akshay Chedda with Canara Robeco AMC. 
Thank you. 
Akshay Chedda: 
The first question will be if I have to look at the EBITDA per kg last four quarters I mean it 
has been on the improving side only I mean 41.6% to 42.2% and then 42.5% and now 43% 
so but at the same time even the RM was on the inflationary trend. So assuming that the 
RM stabilizes then how should we see as a sustainable EBITDA per kg I mean this is the 
question before the pharma starts because pharma will again have some positive impact on 
the EBITDA per kg, so just your comments on that that will be my first question. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I will answer this EB increase is mainly due to the increased sale of food and FMCG in 
spite of drop in volumes of paint in overall quarter why we could make a better EBITDA 
margin was there is a jump of 38% in tonnage wise compared to Q3 and Q3 in the segment 
of thin wall food and FMCG. So that is the main driver of our growth as of today and 
pumps is the second segment which will add to higher EBITDA margin as high as food and 
FMCG or may be better and as you correctly said once we start pharmaceutical or even 
OTC products in IBM that is maybe starting from May June onwards we will certainly have 
much higher EBITDA margins coming from those product range. So with the improved 
sales of thin wall, pumps, pharma and OTC product packaging, our EBITDA margins will 
gradually improve. How far it will go? All depends upon the growth what we achieve. I am 
very confident on at least these two segments that it thin wall, food and FMCG and pumps 
for the next year. Why I am saying IBM and other products may take little time because the 
volumes in the beginning would not really sizable to make an impact but during the year or 
maybe second half or maybe in the year 2023-2024 onwards you will see a IBM segment 
that is pharma, OTC, cosmetics also contributing to improving the EBITDA from the 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
current levels. So while the next one year growth comes from thin wall and pumps 2023 to 
2024 margin improvement per kg will come from IBM and their related products. 
Akshay Chedda: 
Second question will be if you can provide with the value and volume break up between 
IML and then non-IML for Q3? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
While in IML and non-IML now it is getting stagnated because whatever could change have 
changed, we are at around in tons wise, 65.5% as against 62.5% last year. On the nine 
months period we are at same level somewhere around 62.5%, it has become 62% now. So 
as I told you that unless some of the existing screen printing brands shift to IML overall 
IML growth is only coming through thin wall and food segment which is 100% percent 
IML. So in the paint and lubes there is still a stagnation in terms of increasing of IML 
adoption but we may have some good news in the couple of months with some of our 
painted lube companies looking at IML through QR code or otherwise. 
Akshay Chedda: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Vijay Karpe with Bryanston Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Vijay Karpe: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations to the entire team of Moldtek. What is the 
capacity of the mold which we are setting up for Berger and when will it start and are we in 
talks with Grasim for their paint division? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Sorry your voice is not clear. 
Vijay Karpe: 
Are we in talks with Grasim for their paint division? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Grasim, Aditya Birla Group. Yes the capacity for Berger plant at Lucknow will be decided 
in next few months, but the construction of the new plant will start only from middle of this 
year because they also deferred their production plans I think to the second half of this year 
so by then we will be meeting their needs from our existing leased premises already set up 
near Kanpur and at Sandoli, where we have taken land next to Berger plant that plant will 
be constructed during the financial year 2022 to 2023 and that will be minimum of 2500 
tons capacity to start with. Your second question we are in touch with ABG but no 
confirmations of working with them as of now. We are working. 
Vijay Karpe: 
What kind of volumes what do we see in FY2023 and the capex for FY2022 and FY2023? 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Capex we have major plans in 2022-2023 wherein we have to complete our IBM major 
plant and Kanpur plant for Berger and probably another new plant for a new client and 
expansion of our Vizag and Mysore so there will be considerable investment coming up in 
the year 2022-23, already started at Sultanpur, with the construction of the building there 
and the pilot plant at unit 1 is nearing completion. So in the current year we may end up 
with a 50 Crores investment currently already we did 36 Crores and about 11 Crores of 
balance payables for the machineries that are ordered is already there that means under 
construction at Sultanpur and other areas and molds will take the investment in the current 
year to around 55 Crores but I see next year it will be much better much more in the tune of 
70 Crores to 80 Crores depending upon how the IBM product demand opens up. So for 
Berger it is a capacity of 2500 tonnes to start with. 
Vijay Karpe: 
What kind of volume growth do we see for FY2023? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
We are aiming at anywhere between 15% and 20% because in IBM and other products we 
may not see sizeable contributions but the as I told you some of the major product wins we 
made in tin wall recently which will go into production from May onwards might add 
comfortable numbers in that sector again. So hopefully we should be seeing a 15% to 20% 
growth during the next financial year. 
Vijay Karpe: 
The value in absolute numbers for paints, lubricants? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
In terms of absolute numbers of 160 Crores, 87 Crores is paints, 37 Crores from lubes and 
36.5 Crores from foods and FMCG. 
Vijay Karpe: 
Volume numbers I am asking? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Volume wise 4200 tons from paints, 1800 tons from lubricants, the balance about 1320 
from food and FMCG. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Thank you for answering that. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Vivek Tolat with Acme Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Tolat: 
Could you actually give us a more better idea of the timeline for the expansion in Mysore 
and Vizag and how much we are taking our capacity ahead for that was my question 
number one? And question number two Sir if you could give us a broad how we propose to 
use the 100-odd Crores that we have raised from the QIP given that you know already the 
business was throwing about 60 Crores to 70 Crores of cash every year so do we see that 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
you know QIP amount also going into additional capex and how do you propose to use 
that? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Actually in Mysore and Vizag the expansion is already underway, the buildings are ready 
and will be added as and when Asian Paints indicate their growth and at Vizag we are even 
planning some of the products manufacturing for Castrol, Calcutta which will be supplied 
directly from Vizag to Calcutta which will save freight and time for supplies. So these two 
plants expansion might involve about 20 Crores to 25 Crores in the next one and a half year. 
In this year probably half of it in the next six months or nine months and then followed by 
the balance 50% in the next nine months because by 2023-2024 we are supposed to have 
6500 tons that is the projections given by Asian Paints at each plant. Currently we have 
about 3300 to 3500. So we need to almost double our capacity in these two plants in the 
next 24 months. So accordingly there will be investment into the tune of about 30 Crores in 
both the plants put together. Coming to the QIP utilization of funds, as I told you we are 
now getting into a major segment that is IBM and we foresee IBM and other similar 
products of OTC, not only not necessarily an IBM technology it could be an injection 
molding, it could be in multi-color injection molding we are keeping an open mind but with 
IBM as a thrust area for regulatory pharma and other OTC products along with it we are 
also going for ISO15378 that is a pharmaceutical standard for OTC products like Vicks 
Vaporub or Vicks inhalers or Iodex or all these products which are like Himalayas Liv52 
and such products they need to be produced in 15738 premises. Currently most of the 
companies are procuring from just ISO companies which is not good enough and 
government regulations are becoming tighter and tighter wherein they are insisting on 
ISO153738 facility. Very few companies have such facility in the country and we are 
ramping up that facility at Sultanpur along with our IBM products facility. So this will 
enable us to enter into high value added OTC counter products also which may have IBM 
products or which may have injection molding products or by double color triple color 
molding products. So the idea is to enter into OTC products during this phase wherein we 
may foresee a sudden improvement or jump in investment requirement anytime in the next 
six to nine months so that is where the these QIP monies will be invested but anyway they 
plan to invest about 200 Crores to 250 Crores in the next 24 to 30 months so with this plan 
in mind this QIP has been raised and already projects underway will be requiring at least 80 
Crores to 90 Crores in the next 12 months and additional OTC products the mold 
requirement can shoot up and we are also planning to expand tool room capacity and 
printing capacity, during the next nine to twelve months. That may need another 20 Crores 
to 30 Crores so in my opinion 2022 to 2023 we are just making the budgets. We made them 
here at the time of QIP so there are about 120 Crores requirements may come up during the 
financial year, in the next 14, 15 months. So that is where cash will be utilized from the QIP 
issue and that will be 12 to 14 months. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Vivek Tolat: 
Sir if I can squeeze in one more question with regards to our thin wall containers what are 
the next leg of future areas of growth. I know over the last two or three years we have 
converted ice cream containers for a brief time, we had edible oils particularly at a more 
strategic level what are the future areas of growth that we think are possible conversions in 
the next one or two years if you may? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Nutraceuticals, beverages, Nutraceuticals you have jams, you have butter and cheese, you 
have dates, we have various FMCG products like detergents children products so all these 
are where we are now stepping into because there is a concept for more and more hygienic 
way of manufacturing in the country now only it has been very late I would say because in 
many countries these kind of standards were practiced for quite some time we are too a little 
late to get into that in the country but all the MNCs have now set up standards that going 
forward they will not make these products in ordinary conditions they have to have highest 
378 or FSS 6.8 premises or even DMF certified in case of regulatory pharma. So going 
forward we see that these nutraceuticals, beverages for children are even patients protein 
powders, jams and cheese and other products where there are some cheese and jam there are 
some brands, which have shifted but not all. So these are the areas where we would be 
concentrating. There will be some exotic caps and closures which are requiring high-end 
technology. We are open to enter into those segments. So as we mentioned at the time of 
QIP we are looking not restricting ourselves to just containers and bottles, we are also open 
to look at value-added injection-molded or IBM products and we see a lot of opportunities. 
I cannot convey some of them because they are at a drawing board stage but definitely they 
will be value-adding in nature, higher evaluating in nature. 
Vivek Tolat: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Krishna Samhitha Yethapu an investor. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Yethapu: 
Good evening. Like high tech and paints do you see any large competition from food and 
FMCG space? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Definitely competition will be there in all segments. It is not that we are monopoly in even 
food and FMCG. There are a couple of players as I said Caps and Cones in the north and 
couple of players in the west are there for last five six years, but we have the best backward 
integrated facility which any MNC or any volume business player will be looking at 
because having an IML robots or having a mould is not just enough to ensure double free 
supplies. In injection molding the machines, robots they all work in very high temperatures, 
very high pressures and they run 24/7. so they are all prone to maintenance they are all 
prone to breakdowns so a company like Moldtek which makes its own moulds, which 
makes its own robots and even labels is only capable of handling these maintenance breaks 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
without the pain being felt. So that is why even today we are the single source supplier for 
some of the companies even if they buy millions of components every month so that is 
where our strength lies and even that strength is getting more and more fortified with the 
addition of new five axis deep boring and milling machines we imported from Europe in 
our tool room and also high-end Italian machines with a reverse QR coding facility which 
we have imported last year. So like this we are creating industrial standards and this QR 
code reverse printing is something which in my opinion it will take few years more for any 
of our competitors to follow. So keeping these kinds of barriers and getting into higher 
value add segments is a way forward for us. So even a competition comes up will be in a 
question to maintain our leadership position. 
Krishna Yethapu: 
On that front in the past you have mentioned that the reason for foreign players not entering 
Indian market is there is not enough traction in IML space but at present there is a lot of 
opportunities so how do you see the risk of foreign player setting up facilities in India? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Even foreign players if they set up facility here, none of the players are so much backward 
integrated like us, they buy IML from outside, they buy robots from outside, some of them 
buy even moulds from outside, some of them make their own moulds and their costs are so 
high that they will not be able to play with a Indian costing and Indian pricing which we 
have absorbed and survived or rather you know mastered in the last 30, 35 years. So that is 
one of the reasons why foreign players with IML technology do not look India with interest 
even if the volumes go up their pricing and the pricing of our Indian companies what they 
pay will not work out. In fact we are now setting up a small export cell in our marketing 
department, two persons have been shortlisted for that and we are trying to find 
opportunities of exporting thin wall containers or even pumps and our IBM products to as 
far as USA. We are even in touch with a Chicago based company but these are all at the 
initial phase of discussion so the companies coming and setting up plant in India for IML 
products I do not see a great threat in that even the volumes of IML adoption is increasing 
because of the pricing standards in India, they cannot meet. 
Krishna Yethapu: 
Great to know and my last question is it possible to get EBITDA breakup sector paints, 
overall EBITDA margin? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I said I do not have the data immediately but I can give you a ballpark. In the paints and 
lubes it will be in the region of Rs.30 to Rs.35 per kg, in the square pack, it may be around 
Rs.35 to Rs.40. in the thin wall and pumps, it will be in the region of Rs.80 to anywhere 
between Rs.80 and Rs.100 rupees per kg. 
Krishna Yethapu: 
As you said we are adopting the technology of using recycled raw materials. I am assuming 
that there would not be any margin increase because of that right? 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No really. In fact it could be an improvement because when we use the seconds material 
there is a technology that goes into in molding, where we adopt that without impacting the 
quality of the end product so I do not see that we have margin reducing or anything. It could 
rather be beneficial to us. 
Krishna Yethapu: 
That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Chandrika Venkatesh an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddharth: 
I am Siddharth here. I have a few questions. My first question is dispenser pumps are a 
commodity item there are a lot of manufacturers of dispenser pumps in India and there are 
Chinese import also in this competitive segment what advantage do you have and how will 
you compete with your competitors in this segment and in three years what kind of 
revenues and EBITDA margin can we expect from dispenser pumps? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
In the dispenser pumps the advantage we have started with is the high cavitation, high 
productivity modes, while our competitors like Ricki and others they have at the most 16 or 
24 cavitation moulds we are using 36 and 48 cavitation moulds which will produce much 
higher productivity for Crore of investment or either way you look at it and another greatest 
advantage we have started with this the design is compatible to give the best leak resistance 
and higher number of shots, with standing up number more number of shots and the 
assembly line which you have adopted is completely automized and right from first item to 
the last are all including the deep tube are assembled online and they have a tested hundred 
percent. Most of the companies currently in India they test by Dutch model or by random 
sampling whereas our pumps are tested 100% that is the reason why we could get within a 
year approvals from Wipro, recently from Hindustan Levers and Himalaya and Rickett 
Benkeizer at the final stage of giving us clearance. So we are able to get into the likes of 
these top MNCs because of our quality and their adopted technology. In three years we 
envisage the full capacity that is around close to around 80 million pumps per annum that is 
with a price averaging around Rs.6to Rs.7 take it Rs.6 we will be able to reach around 50 
Crores turnover, with EBITDA margin better than what we are currently doing. 
Siddharth: 
My next question is in IML packaging your competitive advantage is that that you have 
everything under one roof, you make your own mold, you have your tool room, you make 
your own robots so this all under one roof model makes you reduces your cost of 
production and also makes you a very memorable supplier, this is your competitive 
advantage in IML packaging as I understand, have I understood it correctly? Am I right? 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
You are correct. That is what I answered to the previous question. Our ability and a 
completely backward integration right up to robots, right up to IML labels because if we 
make 10 million containers in a month I need 10 million labels and buying 10 million labels 
at whatever margin or whatever risk of inventory losses would be causing our competitors 
pricing pain which we can control because we manufacture all of them in-house. So that is 
the greatest advantage which we have over the competitors. 
Siddharth: 
You are the largest IML player in India but globally there are bigger players also what stops 
the global players from entering into the Indian market and competing with you? Why 
cannot they enter India and compete with you? If they do that how will you compete with 
them? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See as I again answered just a few minutes ago the IML global players are not completely 
backward integrated like Moldtek even you take Jockey Plus they make their own moulds 
but they do not make their robots. I think they do not even make their own IML labels so 
they have to procure the labels there, procure the robots and compete with Moldtek in India 
in the Indian pricing system will be a much bigger challenge for them than to us. 
Siddharth: 
In the IML business, you have two direct growth drivers going ahead, one is put down 
FMCG taking to IML and the other is paint companies taking to IML these are your two 
great drivers for IML in the future. Am I right or are there other drivers also? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
You are correct but there is one more driver that is QR coded IML which we are introduced 
recently which will also have a hidden QR code underneath the IML with a provision to tear 
it off at the time of sale. So that will provide complete counterfeit anti-counterfeit for many 
clients who are suffering from the anti-counterfeit and tampering in our country. So that 
QR-coded IML is what is getting introduced now in the country. The first orders have been 
received from a aqua food nutraceuticals manufacturing company, which is getting into the 
market in the month of February and many lube companies are examining this and they are 
about to enter into using this QR code IML so that is another area of FOR growth we 
envisage. 
Siddharth: 
Just two questions you are planning to enter the injection blow molding segment now that is 
again a very competitive segment with a lot of players already. What competitive advantage 
do you have in this segment and within three years what kind of revenues and EBITDA 
margins will you achieve in that segment? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
See again the same advantages even in IBM where we see our tool room, our strengths and 
molding and tool manufacturing and maintenance and even robotics where we are 
introducing IML capable machines IML attachable machines we are importing and these 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
machines also will be having moulds made by us in future not in the first phase first phase 
we are importing these moulds but ultimately we will be making our own molds and even 
labels for IBM IML products so this same advantage what we enjoy in injection molding 
we want to replicate in and in IBM there is competition but there is not much of 
competition with backward integrated facilities, they are all standby operators with the 
machines, moulds everything imported and there we can again show how we can do better 
in productivity and profitability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Karan Bhatelia with AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, like I understand you know we see a clear about four 
times asset turn on the pumps business model so what kind of you know revenue 
assumptions we have for the QR code and you know IBM project so can you help me with 
the total investment that we are doing as of now and the peak revenue potential for these 
two projects? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
For the QR coded, the same asset turn is possible like 3 to 3.5 maybe but in the case of IBM 
the value of the product is not so high so probably it will be in the region of 2.5 but until we 
really get in and start manufacturing those products I will not be able to exactly give you a 
picture. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
For us the QR code is much above 50 Crores, correct me if I am wrong? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Sorry. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
The total capex for the QR code was somewhere around 40 Crores to 50 Crores? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
No. For QR code it is hardly 10 Crores, for the printing machine which is again a versatile 
machine. It not only prints the QR code, if you do not want it you just switch off the feature 
and it can be used for your regular IML. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Any updates with respect to the Zomato, Swiggy, container packs or something with PVR, 
INOX anything material out there? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
PVR we have a first order for some of their products. Swiggy and Zomato are still on the 
wall. They have not yet decided. They have been in discussion with us for quite some time 
but some of these major restaurants they are pushing them to adopt our containers where the 
volumes are sizeable. So indirectly we are getting business of Zomato and Swiggy but not a 
direct order from them. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Karan Bhatelia: 
One clarification volume growth quarter-on-quarter has a decline of 2.5% right? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. Historically our Q3 is always lower than Q2 only last year it was an aberration because 
after the major COVID impact last year the Q3 was better than Q2 last year but typically if 
you look at 2018-2019 and 2019-2020 also our Q2 is Q1 and Q2 are higher again Q3 will 
be a dip and Q4 will be the best. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
That is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Pulkit Singal with Dalmus Capital Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir you alluded to how backward integration allows you to 
be the lowest cost manufacturer for a pretty low price country. What is preventing us from 
therefore competing in a global landscape in a much more effective manner? What would 
be the challenges because we already have relationships with some large inventories? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
The point here is trying and exporting from India is the way we want to go forward and that 
is what I answered in my previous questions that we are looking at exports as a major 
opportunity hereafter because more and more smaller components the China plus one 
concept is coming in the minds of Europeans and Americans, there are many more inquiries 
than there were before in terms of the small components like closures, like pharma bottles 
or even ice cream and other cheese and butter packs which can go one into the other and 
thereby saving on transport cost and effective landed cost will be much lower than their 
local manufacturing cost. So having said that the export itself is a good opportunity to drive 
and having a limited bandwidth of management and I would say technical people venturing 
into setting up plans outside it may be a little too early for us and because we had a bad 
experience with RAK but that is not a correct example to take because at that time we are 
mainly moved there with Iran, Iran in mind for their paints business of lubricants and oils, 
which has boomeranged because of U.S. sanctions but anyway the idea now is to explore 
those markets through exports from India. 
Pulkit Singal: 
Would it be fair to say that you have not explored this opportunity much before, sorry I am 
not well aware of the historical? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
We have been bogged down with local developmental work and not really concentrated on 
exports and with the pandemic and concern about China being kept as a single source all 
these years Americans and European companies are looking at India with more additional 
interest and the inquiry is what we are getting and the response we are getting from those 
companies is much overwhelming than what it was few years ago but anyway the fault lies 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
with on our side also. We are not aggressively taken exports but going forward we are 
slowly creating a team which will focus on exports and which could be of a better value 
add. 
Pulkit Singal: 
In the global landscape how much I mean for the products that you manufacture or that you 
can export out of India how much does China contribute of in terms of you know the 
percentage requirement of the global demand for the products that you manufacture? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Plenty I would say more than 40% percent of U.S. and European products, 30% to 40% of 
such products of injection molding, thin wall containers, pumps, closures and caps are 
procured from China. 
Pulkit Singal: 
30% to 40% and what could be the time you are targeting addressable markets for the 
products that you manufacture currently in your own assessment? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
I did not have exact figures for that. We are using the non-Brad-Shad for some support in 
export data but I do not have exact numbers as of today but it is comfortable the numbers 
running to quite a few millions or close to a billion also. 
Pulkit Singal: 
Lastly what competencies do you need to build like what action points do you have and 
what could be the timeline to see this operation exports that you could probably address? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
What are the true requisites we already have for export? What even an exporting or 
importing client would look at us is our ability to continuously give supplies without 
hindrance and consistent quality so we have proved ourselves with Mandalese or Hindustan 
Levers or GSK that we are a reliable supplier even we are a single source millions of 
containers are being supplied from us without they developing a second source so that kind 
of reliability is one thing which we have already established and as I again say the 
backward integrated facilities of even developing them all developing a design studio where 
we have a design studio to develop 3D rendered images of products before they are 
produced and giving them rendered 3D images and videos to the client enable them to get a 
clear idea of what is it going to be so that they would not even get in all the packaging 
companies even in USA so or Europe so I think we have all the prerequisites only thing is 
lack of attention on this count and once more I want to give this credit to my second 
generation both Rana and his friend Kavya they both of them are concentrating on exports 
now and they initiated creating a team and even had a couple of talks with the us-based 
clients recently and they see a good future maybe in the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen in the interest of time we will take a final 
question from Karan Bhatelia with AMSEC. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
January 27, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Karan Bhatelia: 
I just wanted to understand how is our working capital is shaping up given the fact that 
many of our clients are midsized and small sized, any major deviation we have seen? 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
You see working capital, you mean if you mean debtors we make sure that all small and 
medium players pay either in advance or along with supply so that we do not get into write-
offs and major clients they generally demand 60 to 70 days 75 days on average credit and 
their payments are also completely assured, so if you look at our P&L, l there are hardly 
any write-offs there will be few lakhs but not sizeable right. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
While you mentioned the volume break-up of IML and non-IML, can you also help us with 
the value breakup. 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Value breakup is 68% is IML and 32% is non-IML, which was 65% last year, 65.4%, and 
34.5% which has now become 68.3% and 31.7% in terms of value. This again because thin 
wall sales have grown in the last one year compared to the Q3 of last year. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Thank you. That is it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Navalgund from Nirmal Bang Equities for closing comments. 
Abhishek Navalgund: 
Thank you Lakshmanan Sir for taking all the questions and thanks to all the participants for 
joining in. Now I would like to hand it over to Lakshmanan Sir for his closing comments. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
J. Lakshmana Rao: 
Thanks, Abhishek. and Nirmal Bang for holding this conference and thank you all the 
participants for your interest in our company and for actively participating in the questions 
and of course learning more about our company, the future plans and I wish you all the best 
and take care. I think we are again in the wave of Omicron but it is not so severe thankfully. 
Hopefully there would not be any more variants and we all live peacefully after a couple of 
months at least. Wish you all the best and take care. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
