Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | 102, Wellington Business Park-I, Off Andheri Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059 
Communication Office |P 659, 6th floor, Tower C, JMD Megapolis, Sohna Road, Sector – 48, Gurgaon:122018 
(P) 0124-4992914 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990MH1994PLC080451 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q3/2021-22 
 
 
 
 
 
                February 14, 2022 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G 
Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter and nine months period 
ended December 31, 2021 conducted on February 7, 2022 at 10:00AM IST 
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
February 7, 2022 at 10:00AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the third quarter and nine 
months period ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q3 & 9M FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 07, 2022 at 10:00AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairman, Managing Director 
& Chief Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Anmol Garg – DAM Capital  
 
 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited third 
quarter and nine months ended FY2022 Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM 
Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol 
Garg from DAM Capital. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Anmol Garg: 
Thank you Rutuja. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, we 
welcome you all to the Q3 and 9M FY2022 Conference Call of Affle (India) Limited. 
I take this opportunity to welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited, 
represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum who is Chairman, Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani who is Chief 
Financial and Operations Officer of the Company.  
                                       Before we begin with the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide 24 of the 
Company’s Q3 earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. I will now hand 
over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. Thanks and over 
to you Anuj! 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I 
trust all of you are keeping in good health.  
                                       Entrepreneurial Passion, Conviction and Commitment are profound catalysts of 
our Affle2.0 culture of tech innovations and sustainable profitable growth. True 
to our culture – I am incredibly proud that in less than 2 years our team has 
achieved more revenue in this one quarter than the full-year revenue of FY2020 
reported post our IPO. In the last 9 months, we surpassed the previous full year’s 
cash flow from operations by 35%. Our CPCU business noted a strong momentum 
delivering 58.5 million user conversions during the quarter, an increase of 91.2% 
y-o-y at a Rs. 51.8 CPCU rate. 
                                       The last two years were strategically crucial for us as we completed our Affle2.0 
strategic foundation anchored on the 2V (Vernacular & Verticalization) and 2Os 
(OEMs and Operator) partnerships. We fortified our consumer platform tech stack 
and invested towards markets & teams expansion globally. In this period, the 
global tech ecosystem experienced an extensive shift, new privacy norms 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
3 
 
unfolded, pandemics struck the economies worldwide and the consumer adoption 
of digital and connected devices increased multi-fold. Our business continues to 
be resilient and is in high growth momentum towards our vision of reaching over 
10Bn connected devices in the decade ahead. 
                                       This quarter too witnessed a robust, broad-based uptick in advertiser spends 
towards mobile marketing (well-supported by festive season too), coming across 
the top industry verticals and India & International markets. Powered by our ROI-
linked CPCU business model and unique position in the industry, we continue to 
grow as the preferred mobile marketing company across global emerging markets 
and beyond. 
 
Historically, our India and International contribution, balanced at about 50:50 
each, shifted last quarter in favour of International on account of our successful 
integration of Jampp and our efforts to build a local on-ground presence in newer 
international markets. The contribution stood at about 69% International and 31% 
India in this quarter. 
 
I would like to thank all the analysts and investors for attending our 1st Investor 
Day held in December 2021, where we unveiled our Affle2.0 Consumer Tech 
Platform Stack. Our top 8 leaders presented 9 sessions with live demos of our 
tech platform and case studies with 11 customer testimonials that provided 
clarity on how our Affle2.0 culture, strategy, tech IP and execution focus are all 
deeply aligned to leverage upon the tremendous digital shift ongoing globally. 
 
Our tech IP enabled Consumer Platform innovations in particular and all our 
organic & inorganic investments in general are performing well and we continue 
to establish new thought leadership benchmarks in our industry globally. 
 
We had a remarkable start to 2022 with our tech stack recognized as ‘Best 
Technology Platform for Advertising’ and we won several other top awards at the 
prestigious ‘India Digital Awards’ (organized by IAMAI). Affle also won ‘The 
Technology Company of the Year’ and 16 other top awards at the 5th edition of 
Mobexx Awards (organized by Adgully). These wins came across the top and most 
relevant categories including Most Outstanding Programmatic Platform, 
Excellence In Cross-Screen Campaigns, Best Use Of Chatbots, In-Store Commerce 
& more. To ensure a deeper understanding and appreciation of Affle’s Consumer 
Platform use cases, we continue to include case studies in our Earnings 
Presentation from the past few quarters, showcasing the power of our platform 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
4 
 
to deliver consumer conversions and drive value for our customers across key 
verticals and markets. 
 
We are a value-driven organization and strive to ensure that our performance is 
driven by utmost integrity and transparency. In view of the same, the Board has 
decided to appoint Mr. Bijynath, who is the Non-Executive Independent Director 
of the Company as the Non-Executive Chairman on the Board of the Company to 
be effective from April 1, 2022. I will continue to lead the Company as the Chief 
Executive officer (CEO). In spirit, we were already prepared to do so in 2020, 
however, given we had just been public-listed at that time, hence we did not 
want to undertake any major changes in the leadership structure of the Company 
in 2020. I believe it is the right time to set forth this change for holistic 
organizational development.  
 
With that, I now hand over this discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani to discuss the 
financials. Thank you and over to you, Kapil! 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Trust all of you are keeping safe and in good health.  
 
Continuing our growth momentum - In Q3, the company reported Revenue from 
Operations of Rs.3,394 million a growth of 125.5% y-o-y. Sequentially, our 
revenue has increased by 23.6% driven by team efforts and healthy festival 
spending by the advertisers.     
                                       Our EBITDA for this quarter stood at Rs. 677 million, an increase of 76.4% y-o-y 
and 29.9% q-o-q. If we compare our Opex on a sequential basis with the previous 
quarter, Inventory and Data cost increased by 22.7%, almost in line with revenue 
growth. Employee expenses increased by 18.1% on account of the appraisal cycle 
effective from the month of October, our continued investment to enhance our 
team to deepen our access across India & International markets and the cost of 
ESOS. The cost of ESOS for the current quarter was Rs. 13.58 million and total 
ESOS expense for the current grant is valued at Rs. 219.53 million for 4 years. 
 
Our Reported Profit After Tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 621 million, a y-o-y 
increase of 102.6% and sequential growth of 30.4%. Our Normalized Profit After 
Tax after adjusting for the gain on fair valuation of financial instruments was Rs. 
601 million, an increase of 96.0% y-o-y and 42.9% q-o-q.  
 
We remain focused on working capital management and continue to see robust 
cash flows from operations. Our collections were robust and the ratio of our cash 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
5 
 
flow from operations to Profit After Tax stood at 106.4%. This shows the quality 
of our customers and the robustness of our operations. 
 
Reported EPS has been adjusted for the Stock Split for the current Quarter period 
as well as for comparable periods.  
 
As a post-quarter event, subsequent to our Share Purchase Agreement dated June 
08, 2020, with regard to Affle International Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Affle (India) acquired 66.67% shares of Appnext, we decided to acquire 28.33% 
shares of Appnext. The liability to acquire these shares was already recognized 
in our books of accounts and the accounting of financials was done on the basis 
of the anticipated acquisition method in June 2020. Hence, the minority interest 
in our books since June 2020 continues to be for 5% shares of Appnext. I draw 
your attention to Note 6A of the consolidated financial results for the same. 
 
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Congratulations on a strong performance during the quarter. I have a couple of 
questions. Firstly, wanted to understand that this time our India standalone 
revenue has increased a bit, however we saw some drop in the PBT during the 
quarter. What could be the reason for the same? Secondly, what is the Jampp 
contribution during the quarter. Also, how much of the Jampp business has shifted 
to the CPCU model given that the non-CPCU growth rate during the quarter was 
higher than the CPCU growth rate? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The margins for India business are almost the same as the Q2 FY2022. However, 
on a y-o-y basis, there can be a slight difference because of the rise in inventory 
& data cost due to the festive season as it involves a lot of demand and supply. 
On a q-o-q basis, our margins are stable. PBT can be attributed to an increase in 
the cost of human resource investments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
In this quarter, Jampp’s contribution to our consolidated revenue was 
approximately a third and on EBITDA performance, we were able to bring Jampp 
up to 7% to 8% margin in this quarter. It is as per the playbook and the 
expectations where we had mentioned that within the first year of the 
acquisition, we will bring it to a single high digit EBITDA performance. We have 
achieved that in this quarter supported a bit by the festive season and the 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
6 
 
volumes. Over time we believe in the first year of the acquisition, we should be 
able to keep this momentum moving favorably. The Jampp contribution as you 
correctly mentioned is contributing some part of the revenue on the CPCU side 
already and some part is still on the non-CPCU side but it is a healthy mix as the 
transition is progressed. As a reminder, we signed the term sheet to acquire 
Jampp early this year and completed the acquisition on the 1st of July. Six months 
have gone since we completed it and about nine months since we had put ink on 
the table to commit towards this transaction. It is a work in progress. As we 
continue to grow and transform it over the subsequent years, we hope to achieve 
materially higher EBITDA performance on Jampp and therefore drive margin 
upside overtime on that business. 
Anmol Garg: 
Thank you Anuj. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the Vizury. Correct me if I am 
wrong, we acquired Vizury mainly for the retargeting purpose and now the rules 
of the retargeting game itself are being heavily distracted because of privacy-
related concerns. As we know, Facebook is very heavy on retargeting and they 
have given a tepid outlook given the performance in the last nine months. I 
understand Affle is more into New User Acquisition campaigns. However, if you 
could visualize and explain to us what kind of disruptions are you anticipating in 
the New User Acquisition campaigns? How Affle is ready to take over or to meet 
those challenges? This is my first question. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you for your insightful question. First of all, Vizury and Engage360 products 
are doing exceptionally well for us and we are extremely happy with the way we 
are going about it. The way we work on the Vizury product specifically is through 
deeper integrations with the advertisers and reliance on first-party data. This 
eliminates any confusion related to data privacy concerns because our technology 
sits deeply inside, integrated with the advertiser working as part of their one 
platform & system and leveraging their data to engage with the consumers. In our 
parlance, we call it first-party data. We are doing exceptionally well and there is 
no concern that we have at the moment concerning data privacy and issues about 
that. Vizury and our retargeting business are a much smaller part of our overall 
business and there is a massive role for consistent growth. If you look at one of 
the case studies that have been attached to our Q3 earnings presentation – the 
last case study showcases how we have managed to bring massive success for one 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
7 
 
of our customers in the context of iOS and IDFA related changes. Most of us would 
think that Oh! iOS and IDFA changes would mean that advertising on iOS will be 
less effective. But if you look at the results of that particular campaign which is 
not representative of every campaign, it shows that we could deliver about 41% 
higher ROI in SKAN campaigns on iOS14 versus android campaigns for the same 
product in the same period. It is not comparable exactly as the users are different 
but it is an important benchmark to understand that our tech stack can deliver 
outcomes on iOS as well. We have seen that not only for new user acquisition 
campaigns but in a limited sense, on being able to do some retargeting as well 
where the advertiser’s first-party data is available. This is one quick answer to 
your question on that. Overall, what we see is that our company’s product and 
capabilities in the last two years have made a solid foundation to address data 
privacy or iOS 14 related issues. We look at it holistically for the decade ahead 
and build a platform that will deliver on the momentum of consistent sustainable 
growth across our platforms. As I had mentioned in my commentary, we are doing 
well with all our investments and the pieces of those investments. We are 
privileged that every single one of our acquisitions that we have done is 
performing well and that keeps our confidence high. Therefore, as you would 
have seen increasingly that our investment size or the size of the transaction has 
gone up. Jampp which was done six months ago was the largest transaction. The 
reason for such big transaction is that we are convinced that our playbook is 
working. We did the smaller transactions about several years ago which included 
Vizury or the more recent ones i.e Mediasmart or Appnext and now Jampp. Our 
confidence is high and we have become much better at doing this as it is working 
well for us. Thank you. 
Arun Prasath: 
Second part of the question is more specific as to what kind of disruption are we 
anticipating in the User Acquisition campaigns in the future and how Affle is ready 
for those challenges? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I tried to address it by showing the case study about that and also in the investors 
day that we conducted in December where we had a detailed topic on this. In 
fact, on iOS, this is one of the fastest-growing business units in the company at 
the moment and an exciting time too. What I indicate to you with that is we are 
ready for any changes that may happen even further in the ecosystem while we 
have shown it in the last six to nine months of execution that Affle negotiated 
one of the bigger changes and transitions in the ecosystem on iOS quite well both 
for the new user as well as for repeat user conversions. I believe it is quite a 
specific answer. 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
8 
 
Arun Prasath: 
You had mentioned that Affle today with the overall scheme of things, retargeting 
holds a smaller part. Can you give a ballpark percentage or number like 10%, 20%? 
That would be interesting. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I am not at liberty to reveal that because it is competitively sensitive information 
but what I can tell you is that when we work with our advertisers for example an 
advertiser A, we would look at the entire consumer’s life cycle. Therefore, not 
just getting the first conversion with the consumer but also getting repeat online 
conversions from that consumer for the same advertiser as well as looking for 
online to the offline conversion of that particular user with that same advertiser. 
We are trying to maximize ROI on that particular consumer. Now, a lion’s share 
of the budget of the advertisers as a trend goes towards new user acquisition, 
especially in the emerging markets. This is because as the advertisers think that 
there are going to be the next 100 million users and they want to get to them 
first. Once the user is in their bag, they feel it is their second priority to go there 
and maximize the lifetime value. So, most of the emerging markets advertisers 
or even developed market advertisers in emerging verticals are putting higher 
budgets on new user acquisitions. Perhaps, it is competitively sensitive to reveal 
beyond this, because our competition would then know how Affle is proposing 
and pitching to the customer. This is the reason why our board does not reveal 
that at the moment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you. Congratulations to the team on the spectacular performance. A couple 
of questions. Firstly, from a TV ad spend data perspective, we see India is the 
major market that continues to grow on this piece. Any sense of when this is going 
to change and would further add up to the momentum that we are already 
experiencing. Secondly, how should we see the Jampp business to perform in the 
near term? We know our long-term view is aligned, but do we see more things to 
be captured in the Jampp business given the tailwinds that you had highlighted 
earlier could play out and reach a certain size and then we would see a more 
normalized growth? If you could share your thoughts on both of these? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you for your questions. The first one is on TV ad spend. Yes, it is interesting 
to note that India still has such a huge ad spend on TV and also other channels 
but I am not going to make any expert view on TV advertising. Today, in digital 
advertising as a percentage of total advertising India stands at about 25%. This 
means out of every USD100 being spent on advertising, only about 25% is going 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
9 
 
towards digital. My view on it is clear and the writing is on the wall that the 
advertisers have no choice, but to shift at least 50% of their total budgets to 
digital and the sooner they do it, the better in terms of digital adoption and 
transformation. Therefore, there is a massive runway for growth. Where will this 
budget come from? Of course, the total add pie would grow but digital is expected 
to grow faster at the expense of the TV ad spends as they are becoming digital. 
Some of the traditional ad spends will go in favor of digital. I believe digital is 
also getting into TVs as TVs are becoming smart TVs increasingly. Also, on the 
connected TV propositions that you know, our company has already launched 
products and is building thought leadership in that space as a first mover in India. 
I believe these are areas that will help the advertisers to transition and adopt 
digital even faster.  
The second question that you asked is about Jampp in the near term. The way to 
look at Jampp in terms is what we have done in the last two quarters which is 
already indicated. We are already upselling, cross-selling and transforming the 
opportunity more holistically with Jampp. We are doing well on the SKAN 
network, iOS support and the IDFA changes. As a whole group, we have grown 
over the last several years but we still have a massive runway for consistent 
continued growth because the market in every geography is much larger. The 
market is growing at about 25% to 30% CAGR as an industry across emerging 
markets. There is a lot of macroeconomic tailwinds helping us to continue this 
momentum but there is a massive runway for consistent growth before we start 
feeling that the growth will normalize or will reach a certain flattening point.  
We are nowhere close to that at the moment. I have a lot of expectations in the 
near term for consistent growth trend. I would say in the near to mid-term in the 
next three to five years, we should continue to see fairly impressive growth in 
the entire industry for ad tech.  
Rahul Jain: 
You had mentioned 30% if I missed that number on the advertisers’ ad spend 
allocation. A follow-up question. Is there any specific reason why we accelerated 
on Appnext stake purchase? What I can recollect is that it was to be done within 
three years but it has happened after two years now. Also, the valuation upside 
was very nominal. Was this a part of the original contract? Lastly, how the 
retention part would be for Elad and some other key members? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Great question. On the TV ad spend or the digital ad spend. I believe the 
percentage that I had mentioned was approximately 25% i.e 25% of the total ad 
spend is going to digital. You can look at different reports which say different 
numbers but this is my assessment and reading of the company at the moment. 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
10 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sorry to interrupt but I think you had mentioned 25% can go to some number 
maybe 30% or something, I missed that. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I had mentioned a minimum of 50% should go to digital. The reason why I came 
up with this number is that in a lot of the markets in the world, digital is already 
above 50% and digital for India or emerging markets means primarily more. This 
is an interesting and privileged industry to be in because of the solid growth 
momentum and runway ahead. Coming to your question on Appnext. we had a 
clear contract where we had to buy out up to this percentage of the shares by 
the third year. So, what you see in our disclosure is that we have done part 
payment of that now to consolidate our ownership to 95% immediately and there 
is still a significant part of retention linked payment that is pending. Those 
numbers are already disclosed and Kapil can elaborate more on them. It is linked 
to the founder’s earnings that will be at the end of the third year which are Elad, 
Eran and the team but the non-founding shareholders have already been paid off 
now. We have consolidated the entire ownership into our hands. The reason to 
do that now is a strong indicator that our acquisition and organic plans have 
worked out well especially Appnext. It has done fantastically and therefore we 
are ready to accelerate it. It leads to better alignment and stronger retention of 
entrepreneurial alignment. Kapil, you may kindly elaborate further. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The payment for this 28.33% stake is the same as seen in the liability at the time 
of the acquisition itself. There is no change in the amount. The amount was pre-
decided and about USD 3 million is being paid now. Rest, some USD 5 odd million 
will be paid after another 18 months. The USD 3 million is being paid to the non-
founders so that the alignment of the founders can remain 100% with Affle. There 
is no obligation of the founders to be the investors of the original Appnext 
business. We have a full alignment of the Appnext founders to Affle. Also, our 
financials were already accounting for it at 95% for consolidation purposes on an 
anticipated acquisition method. The liability was already approved in the balance 
sheet. You will observe a dip of about USD 3 million in the liability side on account 
of this payment. It is the only change in the financials. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank You so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moonshot 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Mistry: 
We have done the Jampp acquisition but we have a lot of cash lying with us. What 
will we do with that cash? We also know that you are particular about the 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
11 
 
acquisitions that must have some capabilities. Could you give us a view on what 
capabilities are we lacking and in which direction are we thinking to have further 
acquisition? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you for that question. It links back to what we did earlier with Appnext. 
We have consolidated our position there. I want to make sure that when we do 
an acquisition, we must prove beyond doubt first of all to our internal 
management team, our board and then to our shareholders that what we did in 
the acquisition was spot-on responsible and we delivered outcomes as per plan. 
Now, if you see the track record of the company, when we do an acquisition we 
deliver on it and make sure that we have done it right. Similarly, we go on to the 
next one and so forth. Yes, there is cash in the bank and it is not necessarily a 
bad thing. What’s important is that there should be no undue stress on what we 
must do on it just because there is cash in the bank. I believe, we have to make 
sure that acquisition is taken very seriously with our whole process and playbook 
of long courtship period of analyzing the companies deeply, meeting them not 
only at the right time when they are at break-even but at the right price point 
for us. Then, systematically turning them around to a much greater success 
alignment. So, it has to be carefully calibrated. Is there anything missing in Affle 
that I am nervously looking out there for today? The answer is no. Our foundation 
with our tech stack and our Affle2.0 consumer platform stack is a rock-solid 
foundation on which we have already delivered great outcomes. It is a future-
ready foundation. It is not a foundation that we have built something great on 
the past and just milking it now. We have launched connected TV products,  
online to offline connect with the consumer along with household sync and 
household ID capabilities internally in the company. Our patents talk about our 
gestures, the metaverse world and so on. This is a company that is forward-
looking and future-ready with our platforms and the innovation culture helping 
us to keep it consistently in that realm. Thus, I am not necessarily out there 
effectively chasing something to be close. But at the same time, we are grounded 
and watching what is happening in India and all our markets. For every other 
startup, we have become an aspirational theme for many entrepreneurs to come 
and align with. A lot of incoming requests come from entrepreneurs who want to 
join Affle’s entrepreneurial team. We, thus feel privileged and are carefully 
watching closely and assessing it. When the right opportunity comes, we will not 
be on the back foot, but I can assure you that we are an aggressively growth-
oriented company. Affle will take the right steps at the right time. Hope it 
answers your question. Also, we are investing the cash to be utilized for increasing 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
12 
 
the overall growth of the company including working capital and organic 
expansion plans. It is all in a balance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Dalal & Broacha. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on a great set of numbers 
team. Few questions more towards the accounting side. Kapil, if you could explain 
what sits in the difference between the consoleidated and the standalone 
revenue right now because I believe approximately one-third of the revenue is 
from Jampp. So, what is the balance in the consolidated? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The balance in the consolidated is our existing without Jampp, the international 
business which constitutes of RevX, Vizury, MaaS as well as the Appnext. Till Q1, 
our financials were without Jampp and there was almost 50:50 split between India 
and international which now is skewed towards international because of the 
Jampp. 
Mayank Babla: 
What would be the free cash flow for the quarter? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
There is about Rs. 500 Crore Net Cash balance on our balance sheet for the period 
9M FY2022, after deducting for the current liabilities on account of acquisitions. 
The free cash flow in our cash flow statement for the 9 months period would be 
around 85 Crores, after deducting the capex from our cash flow from operations. 
Mayank Babla: 
Last question to Anuj. The case study on BYJU’s mentions that we have done 
optimization for the lower funnel conversion metrics. So could you please expand 
a little more on that and throw some light? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Our focus is to always align the outcomes in terms of conversion to deliver higher 
ROI to the advertisers. When we work in tier II and III cities in India and onboard 
new customers, our focus is to optimize high intent users in those cities and to 
use all our capabilities of the platform with its vernacular capabilities, ads and 
contextual placements to then optimize for what is called lower funnel 
conversions. What we have shared here is expressly approved by our advertisers 
and beyond that, I am not at liberty to say specifically for that particular 
advertiser or a particular campaign. But I can answer for you generally on what 
these lower-funnel conversion metrics mean. They typically mean that a user who 
has gone well beyond installing the app of the advertiser, registering into the app 
to subscribing or adding to a shopping cart or showing a clear purchase intent and 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
13 
 
in certain cases, doing the actual transaction. Now, the deeper funnel would 
mean if you start from the top of the funnel say for e.g. - somebody is seeing an 
ad and as you filter the funnel down, you can go down for the first transaction i.e 
the key transaction and online to offline transactions. Thus, our goal is to 
consistently drive maximum ROI for our customers and that means we must 
optimize for deeper funnel conversions. Hope that answers your question. 
Mayank Babla: 
Yes it does, can I squeeze in one more? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Is it possible for you to give us a split between the converted users for Jampp in 
our balance of the business and the same for the rate of conversion? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I am not able to give you that at the moment as it is comparatively sensitive 
information from our competitors point of view. Most of the competitors at least 
the smaller ones are not publicly listed companies and they try to pick on these 
call details that we share with our investors for good measure. Since now we also 
share our case studies, it is almost like giving an invitation to a competitor to pick 
that information and go and make a competing pitch to get in. So, I believe we 
balance that and are transparent to the extent that we can be. We sometimes 
abstract where we believe we should do that given it is important to retain the 
business advantage or else we will end up telling our CPCU per country, per 
vertical, per market and per platform. I can assure you that would be an open 
invitation to the competition. Even internally within the company, some of this 
data is done systematically in the platform so that no one person can have a full 
insight into it. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you and best of luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Thakkar from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Thakkar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers and thanks for the opportunity. Wanted 
to understand the trend of converted users as in the last quarter we added around 
17 million users and this quarter added around 10 million users on a sequential 
basis. It is higher than the usual trend we had previously? Is the shift in the ad 
dollars from iOS to android supporting the incremental additions for Affle or some 
other elements that you want to touch upon? 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
14 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thanks for that question. The best way to look at trends is when we talk about 
conversions. The historical trends are a great indicator of what is to come in the 
future. In the last nine months, we delivered about 138.7 million conversions from 
converted users at approximately Rs. 50 CPCU rate. If we were to analyze the 
trend further over last four financial year and just look at Q3 converted users, 
you will find that the CAGR is 67.2%. These are statistics and trends that we have 
already shared. These are the long-term trends that I am talking about i.e either 
nine months of this financial year or even four years of Q3 analysis and trend. 
Now, that is an indication of the consumer adoption across markets. I believe, all 
of us can relate to our own individual experiences. During the last few years, we 
have drawn way more on our screen time on digital and connected devices and 
that is true across the board globally. This is not a one-off shift but the new 
normal now. We expect this kind of adoption to continue to increase for many 
years as more of young generation will start coming on digital devices as well as 
people from well beyond tier III cities to rural markets will start coming on smart 
devices. In India alone, we expect in the next few years to have over 1 billion 
connected devices and the number of online shoppers in India to be close to 0.5 
billion. Shoppers are people who are ready to transact online to be at 0.5 billion 
over the next few years. This is a massive digital trend. There is a multi-year and 
multi-fold digital adoption plan that will continue. So, this is going to help us to 
keep the momentum of growth. 
Pritesh Thakkar: 
It was helpful. Can you provide any specific vertical out of our EFGH categories, 
that contributed the most to the overall conversion or revenue growth this 
quarter? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
The way we have provided the data so far is not choosing which one is contributing 
more or less. There is a very well balanced broad-based growth that Affle is 
delivering unlike let us say three to four years ago, when we were deeply 
anchored on e-commerce. Now, it is more broad-based and we see each of these 
verticals becoming a strong business unit in the company in years to come.  We 
have deeply anchored ourselves on our 2Vs strategy i.e verticalization and 
vernacularisation. Both 2V strategies help us to go deeper in each of the verticals 
and hyper-local with each of the consumers to deliver the deeper funnel 
conversions and ROI. This is working well for us and picking anyone vertical out 
and saying this is the highest would not be as insightful as telling you that it is a 
broad-based growth across verticals and across geographies. There is no real 
vertical concentration or customer concentration risk at the moment. We are 
building our products, people teams, processes and data science stability highly 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
15 
 
verticalized for each of these categories. We have been much sharper in our 
execution across these verticals. 
Pritesh Thakkar: 
I have a question on the margins front. You indicated there was an appraisal cycle 
this quarter. So, if you can quantify how much is the impact for this quarter from 
the appraisals? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We have about Rs 13.5 million i.e 1.35 Crores as the ESOS cost coming in this 
quarter which has contributed to a slight increase in employee expense. Secondly, 
we have increased our manpower by about 6%. Rest of the increase is attributed 
to the increased salaries (appraisals). 
Pritesh Thakkar: 
Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumere Choksy from Indus Equity Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumere Choksy: 
Congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers to the entire team. A couple of 
questions. Firstly, we are seeing this whole Metaverse theme playing out and the 
whole world going gung-ho over it, but let us say we look at the potential use 
cases with brands like H&M. They have gone out to set up digital storefronts 
where virtual customers come and interact with them & their products. Now, how 
would Affle fit in here? Would the customer interactions be virtually measured? I 
am aware of the fact that this is a hypothetical question and even we are so early 
in the theme, could you share your insight on that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you for your kind words about our performance. On your question, if you 
look at one of the recent patents that were granted to us in the US Patent Office, 
it talks about gesture-based voice intelligence driven interactions. This shows 
how this patent is preparing us for a scenario where the human interaction with 
the machine or technology would be much more subtle. It will not be a voice 
command or type-in and touch something but it could be as simple as a subtle 
gesture. This gesture could be to your avatar or your digital persona. Therefore, 
it could lead your digital persona to behave in a certain manner based on subtle 
gestures or your technology assistants such as robots or other intelligent devices 
but there will be new consumer interaction experiences. To make sure that our 
product roadmap and IP portfolio is future-ready, Affle has already invested in 
not only filing for these patents but achieving success in getting those patents 
granted in let’s say the most important US patent office. I believe this shows that 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
16 
 
Affle as a company where a lot of your funds are invested is prepared, thinking 
ahead and is demonstrating that in its actions with tangible outcomes secured.  
Coming to your specific question about what brands like H&M are doing? I believe 
what is exciting is that digital-first companies are going more into the physical 
world and starting to create offline storefronts and that offline storefronts also 
are digitally advanced. In Singapore, we have seen that already where offline 
storefronts that are completely unmanned and served by robots. Also, in some 
hotels in Singapore robots do room service. Such things are already happening in 
the world where offline industries are becoming more digital including the world 
of Metaverse and then we also see digital companies going more offline. Do not 
look at it from one angle rather see the entire consumer journey as an integrated 
journey in the physical, virtual and augmented physical & virtual worlds which 
will become one integrated journey. H&M would have to then look at how their 
digital store connects with the behavior that is on a physical store, the mapping 
of this actual human behavior to the human avatar behavior and authentic avatar 
versus a fraud avatar of the unit, etc. There will be all kinds of interesting 
technologies and I believe for us even our broad tools on which we have several 
patents get the fundamental essence of that. It is the ability to know which 
interaction is a human interaction and which is a machine interaction. Today, if 
a machine is doing something on the behalf of a human, then one must check if 
it’s authentic or a fraud. This ability is already with our company through patent 
grants including the ability to look at gestures-based communications as well as 
other certain forms of communication. We have visualized it and as the world 
unfolds and consumer adoption & behaviors change, we will have some big 
advantages in emerging markets because chances are that some of these things 
will get adopted in Japan, Korea, Singapore, the US, or China faster than it gets 
adopted in India, Indonesia, Vietnam, Africa and LATAM, etc. Hence, we will have 
some advantage of foresight and then be better prepared to localize and 
vernacularize our innovation. While we do not want to be second to any and are 
well prepared to keep ahead.  
Sumere Choksy: 
Thank you so much. It is a great perspective. My last two questions together. We 
have been over this question of privacy many times before and I understand Affle 
is not affected by the changes such as browser privacy move by Google that you 
had highlighted during previous calls. But let us say in the future, if Google alters 
on-device privacy norms via operating system updates. Would this also affect 
hybrid android systems as these are utilized by OEMs? Or will the OEMs retain 
control over the privacy and user data norms given they utilize these hybrid 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
17 
 
systems which are not pure-play Android systems? Secondly, could you break 
down your connected device numbers in terms of mobile and non-mobile devices 
- let us say in a percentage term or it is too nascent to provide this number as 
the entire spectrum is mostly covered by mobile-connected devices? Is there is 
any revenue contribution from these as well? That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
First of all, I will reconfirm that Affle is deeply insulated from anything that is 
happening on the browser or cookies. For the entire tech industry, cookies is a 
technology for more than 20 years old with HTTP, browsers and the internet. 
Here, we are looking forward to new technologies and more efficient internet. 
Better things will come around and therefore, I am least worried about the 
cookies going away. Affle’s business has no impact at all.  
In terms of what has already happened on iOS, the fact that whole industry was  
nervous about it and some of the companies are still impacted. We have seen 
that from some of the bigger players announcing that they are deeply impacted 
by iOS changes. However, for us, Affle was deeply anchored on emerging markets 
which are predominantly android heavy. We had very little exposure to iOS but 
we saw a great opportunity. When the landscape is changing for the incumbents 
in a way that is making them nervous then maybe, we are the new entrant with 
an innovative platform capability and can create a new position for ourselves. We 
did that well with Jampp. The Jampp acquisition was signed perfectly for us 
because we wanted to be the first hand going into the US market to experience 
how to turn this challenge into an opportunity and we did that well in at least for 
the last few months. We have done well on the IDFA part. So, it gives me the 
confidence to say that as and when Google does something which is at least a few 
years away linking to your own questions on the complexities of hybrid OEMs, 
hybrid models and full retain control, making changes on the Google ecosystem 
way more complex versus Google making any change on its browser or Apple 
making any change on its iOS platform. It is because of these factors a) any such 
changes in few years away b) we are no longer even nervous about what changes 
might happen on iOS, so least to worry of what might happen on Google. I want 
you to know that being a hands-on entrepreneur in this space and a significant 
owner within the Affle group, I am not nervous about this particular change but 
at the same time we are not ignoring it or taking it lightly. It is not like oh! we 
have solved everything. We know there could be changes and challenges but the 
confidence with which we are solving those challenges has just gone up because 
of the way we have negotiated and transformed our challenges into an 
opportunity on IDFA. Therefore, one step at a time. Let us not get overly 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
18 
 
burdened by what might happen on Google. I assure you it is going to be great as 
we have many more quarter calls in between to address it progressively. 
Sumere Choksy: 
Thank you. That last question on the connected device mix if you could answer 
to that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
On connected devices, our perspective is simple. We are a consumer-centric 
platform. Wherever the consumer goes whether it is mobile or a wearable device 
or connected TV or if the consumer goes offline, we will follow and go to all of 
those places with the consumer whether it is the Metaverse or the physical real 
world. Our focus is consumer-centric. Now, within that how important is it to 
chase a segment of our revenue by what is on mobile versus what is on other 
connected devices, I believe at the moment it is nascent to go into such 
granularity but what is important for you to know that our strategy is consumer-
focused. That is a big differentiation because for many companies, their 
strategies focus on one part of the consumer's journey where they only deal with 
the consumer when he is on Facebook or Google or when he is offline or on TV. 
While we are saying that we look at the consumer holistically and that is the only 
way I believe this business can be done well for a long time. 
Sumere Choksy: 
Understood. Thank you so much and my best wishes for the future. Good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Nippon India. 
Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Congrats on the results. Two questions. One is would you be able to help me with 
Jampp’s revenues in the base quarter because I believe you mentioned one-third 
of the revenues in this quarter is coming from Jampp? If we have to understand 
the Jampp specific growth, how is that number in the base quarter? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
I can tell that our organic growth has been quite fantastic on a y-o-y basis and 
seeing from a bottom-line perspective, the organic growth is over 50% y-o-y. In 
terms of EBITDA, around 86% of the EBITDA came from the organic business. Kapil, 
if you can share any specific numbers on Jampp as I don’t have that data 
immediately on my hand. Qualitatively, we are highly satisfied with the kind of 
growth momentum that we have jointly unlocked on the Jampp business through 
upselling and cross-selling the various use case scenarios. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Jampp has approximately grown by about 30% plus in this quarter versus the 
previous quarter i.e. Q2. We made a commentary last quarter that it was just 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
19 
 
above 30% of our revenue and this time in Q3, it is just above one-third of our 
revenue. 
Manish Poddar: 
Anuj, any sense on how is the market growing up there and on the market share 
of Jampp in the market which it caters to? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
We operate as one connected consumer platform and our goal is to integrate. We 
are already doing well with the integration of Jampp as part of our overall 
platform.  The growth in Latin American markets is nearly same as that of the 
emerging markets but when we look at developed markets including what Jampp 
is also doing, then a) the market size is huge as we are having a massive runway 
for growth and b) in terms of our execution focus, we focus on key emerging 
verticals in those markets which are high growth verticals even in those markets. 
I do not have any specific data point on what is our revenue as a percentage of 
market share of the total market at the moment. But I can simply tell you that 
every single business unit in our company and every single entrepreneur leader in 
our company is at least gunning for 25% to 30% growth in CAGR terms. The reason 
for that is that the industry average growth rate is at least in that range. Hence, 
it is a part of our DNA and anyone doing any part of the business in Affle is running 
for: a) growth above industry average growth and for us that means 25% to 30%. 
We are not giving any leeway to one market or the other and b) it has to be a 
deeply profitable growth and everybody has to aim for those high teens of 
profitability. So, there is a consistent focus on these two elements and therefore 
we talk about sustainable profitable growth as a part of our culture. It is not just 
about aligning one-quarter of one business unit. Therefore, the entire 
organization is geared towards that outcome. It should give you assurance if you 
are looking at modeling Jampp separately from us and trying to find a growth rate 
pattern for that or any part of our business units. Kindly, look at it holistically as 
one platform which is going to deliver that kind of growth. There could be one 
quarter with one platform that does better than the other but those things would 
average out over time. 
Manish Poddar: 
Last question. In terms of other income let us say this 14.5 Crores in Q3. Is there 
any one-off item in this or is this largely the yield on the cash which is on the 
books? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
If you compare it with Q3 last year, it is largely the yield on the cash but if you 
see from Q2 (previous quarter), Q2 also had the fair value adjustments of our 
investment and this Q3 also includes that. So, you will need to eliminate it from 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 07, 2022 
 
20 
 
both the quarters and the same has been mentioned in our presentation. You can 
refer to the presentation for greater details. 
Manish Poddar: 
So, roughly we are seeing a run rate of about 50 Crores of other income for FY2022 
and let’s say if we are running 4% - 4.5% yield, that would give you the cash on 
books? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Yes, but this yield is around 3%-3.5% only. 
Manish Poddar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for closing 
comments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: 
Thank you everyone for staying tuned into the call today. I sincerely appreciate 
the support and the belief that the investors have shown continuously in the 
company. The questions were insightful and forward-looking. Also, the tech 
evolution is  exciting and we are passionate about our industry. We are deeply 
committed and have a strong conviction & belief in delivering superior growth. 
We are here to build Affle to last for the long-term. We look forward to more 
opportunities to answer your questions. Thank you and stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
                                    ***end*** 
 
