\KKIMS
D 
HosPrrALS'"
I4th February, 202 I
Dear Sir.
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Analyst / lnvestors.
In Conlinualion to our letter dated :
rhe lnvestors/ Anatysls on ,n,,".nljtl;':y-39^1'*:j"toar^ nad organized a conference call with
the lnvestors' Analysts on Th;;; ' \vtutt! zvLZ tnc LomDanv harl organized a conference call wilh
copnrerence carr hetd wirh ,n. ,rJll;"|3, i'"tll*:" ',"'?l l-o:ob pm rtirl. ^ ."r, "ilir"iirrrl'Ji
il,.*T::H;x,,.:.jl;,:l *:;m,:l*^1;;:b,,1{ i,"nil,:,t.KlJil,i,.."X#;,,,:;:,i:S
H:.::3::i:*:::Tfi,v' w.r'ii.,i'ii p,l,*ffi il;ffi;:
Results, lnvcsrors ppi., pr.r, n"r"rr" a l-irrr.lrr;iJiiffipc1lXi
Kindly take the same on record and display the same on the website ofyour exchange.
Thanking you,
Yours truly
For Krishna tnstitute of Medical
Krishno lnstitute of Medicol Sciences Limited
Manister Rood. Secunderobod - 5OO OO3, Telongono, lndio
Phone: +91 40 4488 SOo0/4484 5144 I Fox: +91-4O-27840980 I kimshospitols.com
crN, L5S101TG1973PLCO4055A
The General tVlrr*g"r,
Department of Corporate services
^Bomba) 
Srock Exchange Lad (BSE)
Phiroze Jheejheebhoy Towers.
Dalal Street.
Mumbai - ,100 001.
Scrip Code - 54J308
ISIN: INE967H0l0l7
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited,
Exchange plaza, 5th Floor.
Plot No.C/ I . ,G' Block
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Mumbai - 400 05 i .
Symbol - KIMS
ISIN: lNE967H0t0l7
Companl Secretary & Compliance OIficer
SECUNDERABAD I KONDAPUR
NELLORE I RAfAHMUNDRY I SRIXAKULAM I ON@LE I VIZAG I ANANTAPUR I KURNOOL
Umashan ka r l\f antha

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“KIMS Hospital 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2022 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAHUL JEEWANI – IIFL SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. BHASKARA RAO BOLLINENI – FOUNDER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR - KIMS HOSPITAL 
 
DR. 
ABHINAY 
BOLLINENI 
– 
EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
KIMS HOSPITAL  
 
MR. VIKAS MAHESHWARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - KIMS HOSPITAL 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the KIMS Hospitals 3Q FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Good evening, everyone. I am Rahul from IIFL Securities. I thank the KIMS 
Management team for giving us the opportunity to host this call today. From KIMS, we 
have with us Dr. Bhaskara Rao Bollineni:  – Founder and Managing Director; Dr. 
Abhinay Bollineni – Executive Director and CEO and Mr. Vikas Maheshwari – CFO. I 
will hand over the call to the management team for their opening comments post which 
we can open the floor for Q&A. Over to you Sir! 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: I welcome you all to first investor’s meeting this New Year. My greetings and good 
wishes on this occasion. Let is hope that the New Year that had just begun are well for 
the future. We have seen the onset and decline of COVID third wave without much 
devastation unlike the previous waves. Thanks to the precautions taken and the vaccine 
drive, the third wave has not infected much damage. Our operations went on with a 
normal tempo except a slide decline of non-COVID work in the month of December. 
Hopefully, the pandemic is behind us, and we can look forward for assumption of 
normal cycle of work. The clinical achievements, I would like to mention few of these, 
what have been done in the last quarter. As you are aware, KIMS is equipped with the 
best of men, machines, and methods to provide excellent health care to the patients. 
 
I would like to highlight some of the clinical achievements of recent past that have got 
as appreciation from all sections. It is a matter of personal pride that KIMS 
Neuroscience Department has done over 1000 epilepsy surgeries till date and carved a 
special niche for itself in terms of quality and quantity under the leadership of Dr. 
Manas, our Neurosurgeon. 
 
KIMS Secunderabad has conducted a breathing lung transplant. It involves preserving 
the functions of donor lungs while they are being transported; only self-few transplant 
institutions in USA, Australia and Canada take this approach to enhance the quality of 
the transplants. 
 
Another case that is hailed as unique in the medical history of Asia, relates to a 12-
year-old boy from UP who was successfully treated KIMS by putting him on ECMO 
for as long as 65 days to cure this severe lung disorders caused by COVID. He was 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 20 
flown to the city in an air ambulance. The happy patient is discharged following full 
recovery. There is no precedent of putting children for so long on ECMO support. 
 
A premature infant underwent closure of PDA using a medical device without surgery. 
This procedure is very rare in the country as this is performed on a premature baby 
with a very low weight that to on the 14th day of life. The state of the art technology 
available at KIMS Hospital made this possible without a surgery. 
 
The next is the doctor at KIMS at Kurnool saved the lives of premature twins born on 
the 25th week of pregnancy. The babies had multiple complications including cardiac 
issues. The procedure was performed on one infant to solve the PDA issue and other 
was cured with medication. The babies remained in ICU for two months under constant 
care before they were discharged. The twins were born to the parents of ten years after 
their marriage. 
 
Another patient KIMS Hospital, Kurnool also saved a patient by operating upon 
appendix measuring 19 cm that was completely ruptured. The operation was covered 
under Aarogyasri and done in free of cost. 
 
Another one, our KIMS Anantapur doctor saved an infant who was infected with 
COVID in mother’s womb itself. The infant had multiorgan failure due to multi system 
inflammatory syndrome and was on ventilator. The doctors strived day and night for 14 
days and saved the baby that had no hope of survival at all. 
 
The other one KIMS Kondapur performed a rare surgery where a four-year old young 
girl child was suffering from a complex cervical tumor that was successfully operated. 
 
Another one in KIMS Anantapur, a complex left main bifurcations stenting with 
Culotte stenting technique was performed on a patient. This was the first of its kind 
done in the remote area of Anantapur, patient an agricultural labor treated under 
Aarogyasri. 
 
At KIMS Secunderabad, we have a boy by name Mehar, who is the only son of an ex-
serviceman. Mehar is suffering from a neurofibromatosis type I, a rare genetic disorder. 
He has been there on a ventilator for the past seven years and KIMS has become his 
home and the nurses his family who do not on him. 
 
This speech not only about the clinical care but also the dedicated services rendered by 
paramedical staff to the patients. Hyderabad has emerged as hub of transplants and 
KIMS is playing a key role in this area by performing majority of such patients. 
 
What makes me highlight the clinical accomplishments of KIMS at various places is 
the fact that patients and investors and medical and non-medical staff constitute KIMS. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 20 
These are the main stakeholders and success of each will contribute to the success of 
the other. As I have been telling from the beginning, we are also focusing on a type-II 
and type-III areas where our presence is there by making the latest equipment, 
techniques and expertise available. It helps the patients in availing the advanced 
treatment there itself without running to the cities. All these steps will help us in 
reaching increased the number of patients to our institutions that will result in 
benefiting the investors also. 
 
Having spoken about the clinical achievements, I will now proceed to appraise you on 
the financial and operational highlights and other developments. 
 
First about Q3 of FY2021-FY2022, the consolidated operating revenues saw an 
increase of 10% against Q3 of 2021 scanning at Rs. 3960 million. Consolidated 
EBITDA for the Q3 FY2022 stood at 1322 million, a growth of 42% against the Q3 
FY2021. EBITDA margins expansion was driven by specialty mix change and 
operational leverage were FY2021. Consolidated PAT of Rs. 42 million in Q3 FY2022, 
a 21% compared to Q3 of FY2021 that was 13%. EPS on a diluted basis has increased 
Rs. 10 in Q3 FY2022 from Rs. 6.5 in Q3 FY2021.  
 
Now I shall apprise you on a financial performance of the nine-month period of the 
FY2021-2022 from April 21, 2021 to December 21, 2021. 
 
Consolidated total incomes are in increase of 32% to 12,906 million against 9 months 
FY2021 standing as a Rs. 9774 million. Consolidated EBITDA grew by 50% that is 
Rs.4143 million mainly due to case mix, pair mix and cost optimization. EBITDA 
margin grew to 32% in 9 months FY2022 from 28% in nine months of FY2021 
primarily led by tighter cost control on operating expenses and operating leverage. 
Consolidated PAT saw an increase of 77% that is Rs. 2605 million against nine months 
FY2021 standing as Rs.1469 million. EPS on a diluted basis has increased to Rs. 33 in 
nine months of FY2022 against nine months of FY2021 of Rs.19. 
 
Now let us move to operational highlights. Nine months of FY2022 occupancy stood at 
63% against 53% in nine months of FY2021. IPO volume grew by 24% and OP 
volume grew by 31% during the nine-month period in 2021-2022 versus nine months 
of 2020-2021 driven by near normalization make a specialities. The average revenue 
for operating bed improved Rs. 24,186 during the nine months of the 2021-2022 versus 
21,813 during nine months FY2021. This was mainly driven by better pair mix, and 
increase in complex surgeries and procedures. The average length of stay has improved 
from 5.1 days from 5.3 days during nine months of the FY2021 versus nine months of 
2020-2021. The average revenue per patient has increased from 1.15 lakhs in nine 
months of 21 to Rs. 1.23 lakh in nine months of FY2022 which is a growth of 7%. We 
have done few digital initiatives in the last quarter. During the quarter, steady progress 
was made on a digital transformation with notable initiatives as will be. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Remote patient monitoring technology was deployed in the wards integrated with a 
digital nursing application; digital application for flexible to meet the needs of the bed 
management and telemedicine consultation of Omicron COVID cases resulting in a 
safer and convenient patient experience during the challenging times. KIMS Hospital is 
well on the way to take the next steps in doctors ordering test on a mobile app 
completely digital patient experience and resource optimization. Several initiatives are 
planned in the next quarter that will take digital to the next level at all units of the 
group which will definitely improve the more and more of the patient quality care is 
concerned. 
 
I will talk about few things on the ESG initiatives what we have done. KIMS 
Secunderabad has partnered up with a Smart George Private Limited, a prominent 
energy service company in 2018. A new and innovative model known as zone space 
was executed wherein KIMS makes a zero-capital investment to implement various 
energy conservation methods across the hospital and gets a guaranteed energy saving 
of minimum of 10% annually over the base line energy consumption. In real life 
situation, the above energy conservation translates to approximately 8841 households 
getting electricity or 22 lakh km less driven or 22,000 trees planted which you will 
agree is a considerable gain on this issue. 
 
Now I will brief you about the development following our prestigious acquisition of 
Sunshine Hospitals. In order to add and multiply the value of investment, we are 
renovating the infrastructure and operational structure in terms of quantity and quality. 
We are standardizing the infrastructure transcend Gachibowli and hope to complete it 
in the next three months to four months. In regard to Sunshine Secunderabad, we have 
decided to let go of the current facility and move to a new, a larger and more 
convenient facility very close to the existing one, we are targeting to complete the shift 
by December this year. 
 
This will give us a better opportunity to serve increase the number of patients and offer 
better chemical talent. As regards to brand consolidation, once the infrastructure 
upgrade is complete in these two branches, we plan to integrate both the brand names 
that is KIMS and Sunshine which will afford significant value addition. In the direction 
of enhancing the quality and quantity of clinical programs at Sunshine, we have 
identified the areas for improvement and hope to complete the on boarding of the 
doctors stand into next two quarters at Gachibowli and once the facility becomes 
operational at Secunderabad. Accordingly, we will take necessary steps to assign the 
leadership team and the process will be completed by June 2022. This will provide a 
professional and focused directional for achieving our targets. We have made 
significant progress in integrating systems and practices in the department of Human 
Resource Information Technology and procurement. We are hopeful of completing the 
integrative by end of this quarter 2022. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
This is all about progress post the acquisition of Sunshine. Creating social awareness 
about various medical issues is an essential part of KIMS philosophy accordingly we 
have conducted two functions at KIMS Kondapur related to pregnant mothers and pre-
term babies both the programs generated good response and created a lot of goodwill 
for KIMS. Actually, tomorrow we are having a function to create awareness on organ 
donation which is being attended by film personalities, celebrities, bureaucrats and 
professionals, such events will inspire people to gain awareness and donate their 
organs. 
 
The heart becomes very heavy to know that the legendary singer Bharat Ratna Lata 
Mangeshkar is no more. We have grown up hearing her melodies. We pay our homage 
to the Queen of Music who sang and given our lives for seven decades. As investors 
naturally expect the investment to be fruitful, bountiful, and purposeful, we promise to 
deliver the same. In our quest to provide best of health care to more and more we are 
even on the lookout for new opportunities and why the origins for providing higher 
returns to the investors. Clinical outcome cost comfort, comprehensive are the 
cornerstones of KIMS growth path filled by innovation considering the whole scenario 
the results are good, it will be our continuous endeavor to make the results better and 
better in the coming days. 
 
Thank you for your valued presence and kind support. If you any questions, I think we 
will be happy to answer.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss Financial. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for taking my question and many congratulations for good set of numbers. 
First question is how much is COVID revenue for this quarter and how is the 
EBITDA? 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: Actually, COVID was not much because most of the things this time not many 
inpatients, only the OPD patient, so it hardly about and very insignificant numbers of 
COVID in Q3, not at all is considerable, in fact unfortunately within the last week of 
December because of the Omicron wave, we will start seeing a little dip in footfall in 
the hospital because of the scare that it started creating non-COVID. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Yes, so the next question is related to the average revenue per patient, so which is the 
down on a Y-o-Y side some around 4%; however if I look at the peer mix which has 
moved towards insurance and cash, so is it like insurance have a lower pricing 
compared to the others? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
This is a function of the complexity of work that we carry on in that particular period 
but prima facie still continue to do with the tertiary and quaternary care work, in some 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 20 
quarters it could have been the higher discharge of very complex transplant patients 
vis-à-vis the other quarter that can be difference of that, we will probably play that shift 
but otherwise the pricing has been constant and the kind of quaternary care work we 
are doing has been constant. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, so it is just a case mix result, it is nothing to do with the pair mix? 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: Yes, correct. 
Praveen Sahay: 
The next question is related to the Secunderabad and then the Kondapur, I can see there 
during the significant jump in the margin for a nine month, so my question is whether 
this around 37% of a margin is a sustainable there? 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: Both the hospitals are now in their mature phase and every incremental revenue that is 
coming in, a significant part of it is getting added to be EBITDA and hence the margin 
expansion happening at a much rapid pace when compared to the other units, so I think 
what we are seeing in Q3 is very much sustainable moving forward because we have 
been seeing that numbers at a trend for the last six months in Q2 and Q3. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, so what type of occupancy you are running over these facilities? 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: On both these facilities we are at an occupancy of around 70%-75% on the total bed 
capacity, not on the operational. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Yes, and the next question is, is there any acquisition expenses had booked for this 
quarter related to Sunshine? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Sorry, could you come again, are you saying any expense? 
Praveen Sahay: 
Any acquisition expenses related to Sunshine, have we booked anything in this 
quarter? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
It is very small amount related to the counsels and valuation not very significant less 
than 30 lakhs – 40 lakhs.  
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay and going forward from Q4 the Sunshine number will consolidate? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
It will get consolidated from next year Q1 which will be April to June quarter. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Thank you and I will come back in a queue for further questions. Thank you, all 
the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Avatramani from Envision 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Good evening and thank you for giving me this opportunity. As we see that there are 
some plans moving ahead with this new acquisition of Sunshine and we have some 
plans of shifting the hospitals and expanding the beds also, so what are the capex plan 
we are expecting for this year and next year if you could provide us? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
If I understand your question, you are asking about the capex plan for Sunshine you are 
asking? 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
That is right Sir. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Sunshine as we have disclosed earlier that the total payment outflow for 51.07% is 
peak acquisition, the total outflow is roughly Rs.362 Crores and out of that we have 
already paid close to Rs.270 Crores and the balance amount will go in March-April, 
some amount in February end also and with this we will complete the acquisitions of 
Sunshine. 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Okay, so if I get this right, if my understanding is right, so this amount 362 Crores is 
including the expansion plan which we are focusing right now which has mentioned in 
this presentation Q3? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
It is retail duplication actually what is happening, whatever the primary amount of 
roughly Rs. 132 Crores is going to Sunshine, we will spend of that Rs. 80 Crores in the 
capex and the balance amount is being used to repay the debt and cleanup of the 
balance. So, this Rs.132 Crores of the primary amount is being used for a capex, so that 
is what as on date it stands. 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Just to give you a sense of the cost that we will incur for the Sunshine upgradation as 
well as the new facility, there are two facilities that we are talking about, one is the 
Begumpet facility which we are moving into a completely new campus, we will have 
to spend an outlay of close to Rs. 80 Crores to Rs. 90 Crores by the end of this year, 
medical equipment will move lock stock and barrel from the current facility to this. We 
are also trying to negotiate if we can buy part the new building that we want to move 
onto and if any such discussion materializes then there will be cost that we will incur to 
us buying out 50% of that property and property that will be owned by KIMS Sunshine 
as well as Gachibowli is concerned, there is an expected outlay of 7 Crores to 8 Crores 
to upgrade the current facility. So, this is what we will incur over the next 9 months to 
12 months. 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Okay, so this will be for the calendar year 2022? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Yes, correct next financial year. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Okay Sir and one thing more on this, I mean once we consolidate this Sunshine 
Hospital with us, I mean with the overall KIMS Hospital entity so will this capex or the 
margins I mean when the hospital is shifting will the margins get impacted out of this? 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: Margins get impacted at KIMS? 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Consolidate level that is right Sir. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Right now obviously the Sunshine EBITDA is slightly lower and once it get 
consolidate with KIMS which is at high 30% margins, there will be a slight impact of 
this but we are very hopeful that as we integrate the Sunshine operations and improve 
the efficiency and improve their EBITDA eventually we will take this it to higher level 
but it will be incremental to the EPS incremental to the EBITDA acquisition, Just 
understand acquisition and integration, consolidation will result into the accretion of 
the EPS and EBITDA overall. 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Thank you so much for this. This answers my two questions. One question on are you 
planning for some further acquisitions or any major capex plans on coming next year or 
so? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think like we spoke about in the past there is a pipeline of capex there will be talking 
about, one is Chennai, Kondapur expansion and Bengaluru as per what we have given 
out in the presentation where on track to complete them within those timelines and 
place a few oncology centers that we wanted to set up in Andhra as a part of our 
existing hospitals, we still are sticking to our expansion plan that we had laid out earlier 
and the same capital outflow that is required to fund that expansion.  
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Okay, so can you just quantify this, I mean just give me the number if you can, is it 
possible for you? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think over the next 36 months, we will have an outlay of around 1000 Crores -1200 
Crores. 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Okay and how will be funding this? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
If you get the broader picture of the capex plan which we have given in our 
presentation which we have uploaded page number 29 and it is the plan of next up to 
48 months as we have listed in our presentation. If you look at the next three years 
broader vision, we are generating roughly Rs. 350 Crores of cash flow every year, so if 
you take three years vision, so something like that Rs. 1100 Crores will be generating 
but obviously in the entering period of one quarter or half year-one year because of the 
front of the capex, if you are buying we are acquiring the readymade building or if you 
are starting the Greenfield depending upon what opportunity we get there will be a 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 20 
little bit of the debt because of the cash flow mismatch but we do not expect the overall 
debt to increase beyond 1.5 to 2 times of the EBITDA and three years for capex is 
almost equivalent to our capex plant presently which we are pursuing. 
Sanjay Avatramani: 
Okay, so this answers all my questions and thank you so much for this and good luck 
Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal and 
Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yashoda is coming up with the 2000 bed hospital in Secunderabad, so what is your 
take on that because right now we are the largest player post this addition of 2000 beds 
I think Yashoda will become the largest player, so your take and regular margin be 
affected going forward? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Not really I think first one is new hospital of Yashoda is going to come up in high tech 
city in Secunderabad, they already have a hospital in Secunderabad which is of the 
similar size and scale of KIMS Secunderabad very close proximity, yes they are adding 
a new facility, a large facility but I think like we correctly run two very large hospitals 
in the very close neighborhood both of us will continue to have our own market and be 
able to grow this in a very healthy competitive way. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay Sir, how far would be fairly from our hospital in terms of kilometer? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
It will be 20 km drive from KIMS Secunderabad to High Tech. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay 20 km and what would be the operational beds in terms of Sunshine right now, 
we are around 600 odd beds, so what are the operational beds? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
The current beds are 600 as you rightly said, what is we the occupancy in these beds in 
this hospital on an average is around 250 beds and what is operational is close to 400 
and the other beds the capex is completed, it is just that the manpower needs to be 
deployed to operation as and when required. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir, you have 400 operational beds, right out of 600? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Correct where we are manpower deployed. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes, oaky, and other expenses have seen a big fall this time, so almost 6% expenses 
have reduced, so what is your take on this, what has led to fall in other expenses? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
The other expenses if you look at is the broadly filled by Rs. 13 Crores actually on 
quarter-on-quarter basis, the major impact was because of the ECL provisions which 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 20 
was ours lower in this quarter at the same time, the Q2 there was some loss of asset 
sale of Rs. 2.6 Crores which was not there and there was some small saving in terms of 
EPS and maintenance and other cost was slightly lower and the balance Rs. 2 Crores - 
Rs. 3 Crores – Rs. 5 Crores is on account of the doctor cost, so Rs. 4 Crores on account 
of the ECL Rs. 2.6 Crores in terms of the loss of assets which was there in Q2 Rs. 2 
Crores - Rs. 3 Crores on small repairs and maintenance which was laid and Rs. 3 
Crores - Rs. 4 Crores in the doctors cost, so that is what it led to the little bit 
improvement in the EBITDA margin. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Right. Okay, thank you so much. I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Ashmore 
Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Good evening and congratulations on a good set of numbers for the quarter. In high 
price when you look at December quarter I mean it appears to be more or less nor mal 
business as  usual that in the last week of December as you mentioned but I was just 
wondering that is there is a mix element to this which is unusual in the sense that after 
a long time probably people indulged or obtained for optional procedure or thinks that 
were not urgent and they were avoiding, would you say that buying the last week of 
December, this is a very normal quarter and that is how we should expect things to 
progress in the coming quarter from here? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think if we do not look at it, quarter-on-quarter end because of COVID during months 
are really getting very disrupted, if you just look at the numbers from July to December 
month-on-month, I think the numbers have been very consistent not just at an overall 
level but even at a department level hospital wise, so we are pretty confident that 
moving forward these are things that will sustain and unfortunately January because of 
COVID has again been a little disrupted but I think six months period is good 
horizontal period department by department, hospital by hospital and it is fairly giving 
us the confidence that these are the things that will sustain and continue to grow. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Second one is that if COVID does truly pass in the coming three quarters – four 
quarters and becomes a memory, are that cost relating to COVID protocol that will 
kind of help or that is really passed onto the customer and we sincerely situate all? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think the quarter at least Q2-Q3 there has been very little cost on the COVID side 
given that a lot of maturity has come across industry across people in general, so I 
think the cost have come down to that extent, so if at all things completely settle in the 
next three quarters to four quarters then we will pass on that benefit back to the patient 
but I do not think it is a very significant number in this point in time vis-à-vis what it 
was a year ago. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay, got it. I got my answers. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suresh Vanshi, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Suresh Vanshi: 
Good evening all and thanks for giving this opportunity and congrats for your 
achievements and results. Couple of questions to the management, whenever you are 
trying to the acquisition of any interesting hospital, what are the parameters you will 
change, you will lift into that? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Good question, but whenever we do look at these acquisitions, we typically look at the 
size of the hospital, what is the size of the hospital and where can it get to in the next 
couple of years, so I think certain operating scale is very essential and important for us, 
so that is one very key important diameter. Number two, are we able to see growth in 
that micro market in terms of new residential projects coming in, migration of 
population is that doable and three is the facility good enough to address the lot of good 
chemical talent and does it happen infrastructure with support that level of chemical 
talent, so once these are broadly met then we get into financial parameters if it is 
coming at the right valuation whether we can scale up the revenue to meet the 
valuation, can we achieve operational leverage on this facility but broadly if had to say 
I would look at whether these scope to build whether the infrastructure quality is good 
and does the micro market support this infrastructure. 
Suresh Vanshi: 
Okay, thank you and recently I have very bad experience at KIMS Ongole recently my 
grandmother approximately on December last week, we joined KIMS Ongole Hospital 
and staff was very ruthless some unparliamentary languages used in the KIMS 
Pharmacy, I just want to share one of my experience and doctor wrote a prescription 
total of three tablets and in the pharmacy they gave two tablets and just I asked how 
about the other tablet, they are saying like out of….. 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: Excuse me, since it is investors call, I will encourage you to please write to me or call 
me on my mobile number, which is available, I will try to address your questions on 
this, since it is investors call let us give the opportunity to the other investors to ask 
question. My email id is available on the press release, you can please write to me and 
call me, I will be happy to attend. 
Suresh Vanshi: 
Okay fine then thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Goswami from Fractal 
Capital investments. Please go ahead.    
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Good evening, everybody and thanks for the opportunity. I just want to refer to this 
tables that we had in Q2 presentation on the performance matrix function hospital, so 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 20 
when I was trying to calculate the ARPOB on the basis of revenues of 4118 million 
capacity by 602 and occupancy of 39.8, my competition was giving me an ARPOB for 
47,000 as against 26,000 reported by you, in the place how exactly the calculation is 
drawn? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Which slide are you referring to? 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
This is the Q2 investor presentation we would have given the key numbers for function 
of hospitals? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
For this, can you please reach out to me separately, I will try to explain that because 
this is a data which we have got from our financial DD which we have done from the 
KPMG, and we have reproduced it from there. You please reach out to me; we will be 
able to clarify that how it is being computed. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Fair enough but occupancy can you just give broad idea in terms of what occupancy 
range must be of Sunshine? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
It has been in the range of 230 to 280. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
I am asking about occupancy percentage. 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Percentage will be around 45%. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
45%, you separated because you had 45% and 250 types of operating beds numbers do 
not add up, but we will discuss it separately now Sir just coming to the Gachibowli 
things, when we shift to the new facility in December 2022, what will happen this 
facility and what will be impact in terms of total room count that we have? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
What will be the impact on the total…? 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Room capacity beds. 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Okay, firstly this new facility is coming up in Secunderabad in the Begumpet micro 
market, the idea is to let go off the current facility because one is lease premises. We 
are moving to the new one because one there is an opportunity own 50% of the 
property if the things go well. Number two, it is a main road facing property a little 
larger in terms of size and the current facility that the campa hospital is in is almost 1 
20-year-old building and there has been operational as a hospital for the last 10 years, 
so the infrastructure does not meet the requirements of what the current patients in this 
micro market require, number one. Number two, our ability to address good chemical 
talent in the current infrastructure is also going to become a challenge, hence we are 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 20 
moving updating the infrastructure and then getting the right chemical talent to then 
scale up the operations. Overall bed count will not change it will remain the same. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Okay, can you give the idea about what is the total number of operating beds that we 
have in Hyderabad metropolitan region? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
We currently Secunderabad has 1000 beds, Kondapur is 200 beds… 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
I am not talking about, I am sorry, but I am not talking KIMS, but I am talking about 
the city as a whole, how many operating beds it have? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
City as whole, so the relevant hospitals I would say around 15,000 to 20,000 beds, 
relevant private hospitals. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Relevant private hospital 15,000 to 20,000 operating beds? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Operating beds and relevant again is very subjective to what I think it is. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Probably they were referring to new hospital of Yashoda which is coming up at high 
tech city, will it not be the largest private hospital in a country? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes, I mean in terms of pure square footage that it is coming up with there are many 
hospitals of the similar size in scale including other it is a 1.5 or 2 million square feet 
Secunderabad campus also is currently 1.3 million square feet we are scaling it up, so it 
depends on what infrastructure they are coming up with and what the occupancy could 
be like adding beds is one thing but I think the support infrastructure and all is also 
very important, so we are not very pricy to what exactly is currently happening in that 
facility or what we are going to announce because it is still at least a year or year and a 
half away from the operational from our understanding. If it is going to be at 2000 bed 
facility if they are planning and definitely they are bigger one, there is no doubt in it 
but we do not know how much is people are talking about 2000 beds, people are 
talking about the medical college so that medical college means it will go nearly 1000 
beds for the medical college beds, we are not sure how much and unless it is opened we 
do not have any clarity on that. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Okay, thanks a lot. The reason I was asking was contacting AIIMS, New Delhi is like 
2400 beds hospital which is like huge hospital and a new facility like 2000 single 
location is like Bahubali of the hospital so just trying to say what impact it can have 
because number of patients, the market catchment is limited, right? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Right. 
Sanjeev Goswami: 
Fair enough. Thanks a lot Sir. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhi Babaria from Dalal & Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Thank you Sir for taking my question. Sir I wanted to ask for this Sunshine hospital we 
have some 24% kind of a EBITDA margin, what would be our initial target for these 
hospitals like for FY2023-FY2024? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I do not think we have a 24% EBITDA margin prior to our acquisition, now it is 
currently 24 but that is before the adjustment of rental cost, if you adjust the rental cost, 
it is not 24%, it will be around 17%-18%. 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay, so what would be our target like how many basis points can we expect in near 
term? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
As such we do not give the forward looking statements what can be done but if you 
look at our history of our Secunderabad facility and the Kondapur facility which 
operates in the same market and both of their hospital in the similar location and 
whatever we are doing at our Secunderabad and Kondapur facility I think the similar 
type of profile can be achieved in two years to three years’ time with all our efforts 
etc., on these two major hospitals of the Sunshine.  
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay, Sir my other question would be our occupancies are roughly around 60%-61% in 
this year where in previous year we were higher than these numbers, so what would be 
the reason for these occupancies and how do we expect these numbers like what will be 
our target for 2023-2024 or couple of years coming? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Sorry your question is not very clear, are you saying what was the occupancy look like 
in the coming years? 
Nidhi Babaria: 
Yes, like our occupancies in this year are nearly at 60% where in initial years we were 
pretty high like our occupancies were pretty high, so what would be the reason for that 
and another one is how do we expect our occupancies to move in coming years? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
At a consolidated basis, yes it is like 61% we moved from 58% EPC towards this 
number but I think if we look at our mature hospitals, few hospitals that are operating 
at 70%-75%-80%, so the idea is to see how we make a mix of these young hospital and 
mature hospital scale up to that number over a period of time because we have a lot of 
at least 40% of our bed just three years to four years within a system and unfortunately 
we lost year and a half during COVI, so I think as time progresses we have been able to 
scale these acquired such to the level of mature hospitals.  
Nidhi Babaria: 
Okay. Thank you, Sir.  

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Now with regards to this incremental capex which we are doing for the Sunshine 
Gachibowli and Secunderabad facilities which is roughly around 90 Crores to 100 
Crores, correct me if I am wrong, this is apart from the purchase price which we will 
pay for the acquisition which is of 360 Crores? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
No, Rahul let me rephrase this. Out of Rs. 360 Crores for which we are acquired 51% 
in Sunshine, out of that Rs. 230 Crores have gone to the promoter, Rs. 132 Crores is 
going into the company, as it is the Sunshine company and that amount is being used 
for the capex. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, so this planned capex was as you had worked out this capex even before 
consummating the deal? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Yes. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, sure and given that you are moving the Secunderabad facility to a new campus 
and given that for Sunshine Secunderabad was the largest facility, do you see any 
short-term impact in terms of the financials for Sunshine because of this movement or 
we would not have any impact with respect to the revenue ramp up which we have 
been seeing for Sunshine? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
From a revenue point of view, we cannot see any impact but on the operational cost, 
we might see one quarter impact because we might have to simultaneously run both the 
hospitals for some time may be two months to three months before the complete 
allocation happens, so there might be a one quarter of impact but otherwise we will not 
see any impact on the revenue I think it will be much more promising than what it is 
currently. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, but earlier you have indicated that because of the price bag Sunshine Hospitals 
are on rental premises, the EBITDA margins which we could achieve at Sunshine is 
around 24%-25% but now you are talking about acquiring this new facility for the 
Secunderabad Hospital so that essentially means that for the Secunderabad Hospital 
our margins could as well improve to the levels which we have at our matured 
hospitals? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes, even in empty premises like Kondapur we have been able to achieve a higher 
operating leverage and get to margins after rental cost at around 28%-30%, so yes if we 
also buy out part of the assets to that tune it will get adjusted in the P&L. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, Sir and also you have clarified on this that the sequential of year-on-year decline 
in your ARPOB or average revenue per patient is to do with the patient revenue mix, 
but can you quantify the number of transplant or the contribution of the transplant 
business which was there during this quarter? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Are you referring to the change in ARPP? 
Rahul Jeewani: 
No, I am referring to the ARPOB so if you look at your ARPOB so on a sequential 
basis the ARPOBs have come down by 4% and this was despite we seeing an 
improvement in an inpatient volumes, so what is driving the sequential decline in 
ARPOBs, so you said that it could be on account of case mix, so if you could quantify 
what has led to this sequential decline in ARPOB and the number for the transplant 
business for this quarter? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Sure, so if you look at the ARPOB change from Q2 to Q3, it is a very insignificant 
change but if you do look at an ARPOB dip from Q1 to Q2 or Q3 there is a significant 
change and the reason why this change from Q1 to Q2 and Q2 to Q3 is because the pair 
mix for cash and insurance during Q1 is as high as 90% versus in Q2 and Q3 is only 
around 80%, so given these two changes, there has been an impact on ARPOB but if 
you look at Q2 and Q3 which are more normalized quarter, there is very insignificant 
change in the ARPOB mix, however coming to your point on transplant the number for 
heart has been around 22 Crores to 23 Crores for both the quarters of Q2 and Q3 and 
liver has been 5 Crores  to 6 Crores for each of the quarter. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, so on the transplant business, we have been able to maintain the revenue 
momentum? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes, correct.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir and just few questions in terms of your growth outlook now some of the 
capacity expansions which we are planning at Bengaluru, Chennai and Mumbai, those 
incremental capacities will come online only from FY2025 kind of a time frame, so 
how are you looking at the organic growth for the business over the next two years to 
three years period in terms of what kind of a topline growth are we aspiring for and 
then if you could comment on your margin trajectory as well for the next two years to 
three years period? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think historically we have always been fortunate to grow at a 20% CAGR over one 
period of time whether it is through Greenfield or acquisition, I think Sunshine 
fortunately comes in at a right time for us to continue and help sustain that kind of 
growth that we be historically delivered in the past. There has been some fundamental 
changes in the three projects that you just spoke about in the new micro market. I think 
we are still waiting to get into the final definitive agreements before we make these 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 20 
announcements but I think the timeline will only get condensed further after we get 
into these definitive agreements and we should see some of them being operationalized 
much, much sooner by bringing down the time almost 50% in some of these expansion 
plan that you have spoken about, so that will further help us continue to help and 
sustain these growth. We also are looking and evaluating at more acquisition which are 
already operational and functional, hopefully those materialized current hospitals 
growing at a certain at Sunshine, new facilities coming in. we are pretty confident that 
on a year-on-year basis we will be able to sustain the same growth that we have been 
able to deliver in the past.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, Sir and with respect to some of these acquisitions which we are targeting, so 
these acquisitions will again be within our core markets or in some of the newer 
markets like Tamil Nadu or Karnataka which we have been exploring? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I do not see any opportunity in the core markets whatever we will do in core markets 
will largely be Brown field and Green field expansion, these are acquisition 
opportunities in these strategic market as we spoke about in the past which is south and 
Central India. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, Sir and just if you can also comment on the margin profile because this quarter 
will be benefit which we saw on other expenses, our overall EBITDA margins have 
been around 32%-33%, so next year there will be some impact on account of Sunshine 
consolidation, but do you think that we can continue to sustain margin profile above 
30%? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes, I think let Vikas had mentioned there will be some short term impact of Sunshine 
consolidation happening but when you look at it from a KIMS and the Sunshine point 
of view, I think KIMS will continue to be able to sustain these margins moving forward 
in the range of 30% given that we will continue to grow and then lot of the hospitals 
are matured and we will see a lot of operating leverage when you consolidate Sunshine 
there will be an impact but the absolute number will only be able to move trajectory. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir. Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Edelweiss 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Is it possible to share the ALOS for this quarter or the previous year’s same quarter? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think 4.7- 4.8 is the ALOS for Q3 FY2022. 
Praveen Sahay: 
4.8 is for this year Q3 and how much was last year same quarter? 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Same quarter it was 5.3, this year is around 4.75. 
Praveen Sahay: 
One clarification related to the other expenses, you have said that ECL reduction of 2 
Crores to 4 Crores, so if I look at your earlier years, this number of yearly run rate for 
2021 and 2020, so how that is actually is reduced or it is going to come back in a 
quarter, what is that commentary on that respected credit loss, what you have to 
address about that? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
Actually, your voice is very feeble but what I can understood you are asking about that 
ECL provisions which we have taken and all these fluctuating, right? ECL provisions is 
nothing, but the expected credit loss and it is the model which the company runs based 
on the ageing of receivable and based on that model whatever the numbers comes is 
being taken as a provision, if those receivables comes as a realization of next quarter 
the provision get reversed. If the payment does not come and some outstanding 
increases our ECL provisions further gets increased, so it is the dynamic situation and 
we do not see that ECL provisions increasing too much in the coming quarter, these are 
all very government run organization where the question of default of bed is less is the 
question of just fluctuation of the collections coming in each quarter or the day we are 
closing the quarter, how much amount have come in the next week, so it is the question 
on that day what is the balance, so I do not think that is the major impact will come in 
terms of carrying up the provisions I think we are carrying at the sufficient 
provisioning against this, so there will be no impact on the profitability also. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, that is very helpful. Second clarification on the (inaudible) 57:49 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
We cannot hear you. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay fine, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal and 
Broacha. Please go ahead.    
Bhavya Gandhi: 
We have doctor participation model, if you can quantify how many boxes are made in 
this doctor participation model and what is the percentage of total doctor outlay around 
1200 doctors that we have? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
The total of doctors that will be around 300 doctors are the investors in the company 
and is coming around 9% of the total share of the company. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. Fair enough Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
 
KIMS Limited 
February 10, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: Good evening to all of you and again this is definitely as I mentioned that KIMS is 
totally dedicated to the patient quality care and that will definitely inflict the revenues 
for the investors who have been invested and led confidence on us, what we have seen 
in the last two decades since inception this KIMS from 2004 onwards whatever we are 
been doing it is keep on improving and once the units are getting matured and the 
EBITDA margins are improving and moving forward looking into the KIMS that we 
have been kept in mind how we need to achieve these growth year-on-year, that is why 
we are planning our expansions plans, semi Brown field and few are Green field and 
the acquisitions that where there is a lot of scope that we can be able to improve further 
and further and give value to the investors, that is more and thanks for all the right 
questions that you people asked  and then I am very happy to announce, if anything is 
there or you have any clarifications either you can contact our CFO Vikas or CEO and 
me, we will be very happy to answer all your questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
