Cranes 
11th February, 2022 
To, 
The Manager (Listing), 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Mumbai 
Mumbai 
Company's Scrip Code: 505700 
Company's Scrip Code: ELECON 
Sub 
Transcript of the Investor Call held on 8th February, 2022 
,;;='/:A
="" IS09001:200B 
1'frnl ... l~ 
Ref 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir, 
With reference to the above referred Regulation and in continuation of our letters dated 
3rct February, 2022, 7th February, 2022 and 8th February, 2022 respectively, please find attached 
herewith the h·anscript of the conference call held on 8th February, 2022 for Q3 for the Financial 
Year 2021-22. 
The 
same 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https:// vv\vw .clecon.com I invcstors/financial-rep6rts. 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Elecon Engineering Company Limited, 
~ 
Bharti Isarani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Rubber Industry 
Marine Industry 
Plastic Industry 
Power Industry 
Steel Industry 
Sugar Industry 
Mining 
Cement Industry 
Gearing industries. Gearing economies. 
ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED, Post Box# 6, Vallabh Vidyanagar- 388 120, Gujarat, India. Tel.: +91 - 2692- 238701, 238702. Fax: +91- 2692-227484. 
CIN L29100GJ1960PLC001082 I infogear@elecon.com I www.elecon.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Elecon Engineering Company Limited Q3-FY22 
Earnings Conference Call” 
February 8, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. PRAYASVIN PATEL – CMD  
 
MR. KAMLESH SHAH – GROUP CFO 
MR. NARASIMHAN RAGHUNATHAN – CFO 
 
 
 

Binay Sarda: 
Good Morning to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining 
this Q3 FY22 earnings call for Elecon Engineering. Please note that we 
have mailed out the results and you can also see the results on our 
website as well as it has been updated in the Stock Exchanges. In case 
you have not received the same, you can write to us and we will be 
happy to send this thing over to you. 
 
Before we proceed to the call let me remind you that the discussion 
may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in 
conjunction with our business risks that could cause future result 
performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your 
questions, we have with us the management of Elecon Engineering, 
represented by Mr Prayasvin Patel, CMD, Mr Kamlesh Shah, Group CFO 
and Mr. Narasimhan Raghunathan, CFO. Mr. Prayasvin Patel will give a 
brief overview of the quarter gone past and then we will open the floor 
to Q&A Session. 
 
With that said, I would now hand over the call to Mr. Prayasvin Patel. 
Over to you Sir! 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, a warm 
welcome to our Q3 FY2022 conference call. The company’s 
performance continues to be growth oriented as positive outlook.  
 
Discussing the results at the standalone level the total operating 
income stood at Rs.184.8 crores compared to Rs.228 crores in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. EBITDA on absolute basis 
stood at Rs.33.6 crores as compared to Rs.37.6 crores during the 
corresponding period of the previous year. This translates into an 
EBITDA margin of 18.2% in Q3 FY22 compared to 16.5% in Q3 FY21. We 
close this quarter with a net profit of Rs.15.8 crores as compared to 
Rs.12.4 crores during the corresponding period of the previous year, 
reflecting an increase of 26.9%. This quarter's performance may not be 
comparable with that of Q3 FY21 that is last year since Q3 FY21 
performance was after the pandemic lockdown and related business in 
that. We have mitigated price increase on raw materials and 
international logistics cost though it has impacted to some extent.  
 
Let me highlight few points related to the results. We are witnessing 
strong order intake in gear business and remain positive due to 
favorable demand and we are also eager to see the outcome of recent 
India budget where substantial spend towards infrastructure and capex 
is expected. Our efforts to increase exports is yielding good results.  
 
Coming to the MHE business we continued to focus on profitable 
product business. Efforts are being taken towards completing the 
punch list items being part of the COD process to hand over legacy 
projects. Moreover, we have been granted arbitration award worth 
Rs.63 crores plus in our favour, while counterparties are pursuing 
appeal proceedings, Elecon is confident of recovering the same. One of 
the key focus areas of the management has been in terms of debt 

reduction. And this clearly reflects in our interest costs which have 
come down significantly.  
 
Coming to consolidated financials of Q3 FY22, the operating revenues 
were Rs.270.9 crores while we recorded an EBITDA of Rs.52.3 crores. 
The EBITDA margin has improved to 19.3% in Q3 FY22 as against 18.9% 
in Q3 FY21. The Consolidated profit after taxes stood at 31.5 crores for 
Q3 FY22 as compared to 24.7 crores in the corresponding period of the 
previous year and increase of 27.8%. All our overseas entities have now 
turned profitable. We are working towards further improving our 
market reach in USA, Canada, Latin America where we are witnessing 
positive momentum in order intake and revenue. We are witnessing 
gradual pickup in demand on the back of recovery in economy and we 
saw a significant ramp up in the order booking with orders worth 
Rs.211 crores booked in the gear business and orders worth Rs.30 
crores in the material handling business during the quarter. In the gear 
business the orders on hand is Rs.345 crores and in MHE business the 
orders on hand are Rs.66 crores.  
 
To summarize, we continue to focus on strategies to create long term 
value for our shareholders. This includes becoming debt free at the 
consolidated levels by FY23 and debottlenecking and ensuring better 
utilization of available capacity; working capital optimization and cost 
control lead time reduction. We are confident that streamlining of 
existing operations along with reduction in debt is likely to lead an 
improvement in EBITDA margins and overall profitability. Moreover, 
the proposed increase in government capital expenditure announced in 
the recent budget augurs well for the industry and is likely to result in 
substantial growth for the sector in the coming years.  
 
Thank you all. We will be happy to address your specific queries about 
the business going forward. Thank you. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. Anyone with a question request you to please raise your 
hand. We will just wait for a moment before the question queue. We 
have the first question from Mr. Subham. Please go ahead. 
Subham:  
Thank you for the opportunity and good morning team Elecon. So my 
first question is related to the gear division. So if we see in the last few 
quarters our total order in hand has been quite range bound, it has 
been around 340-350 crores. So I wanted to know as per your internal 
estimates and given that now there has been a lot of announcement 
regarding investment in infra and all, how do you expect this order 
inflow to see a decent uptick going forward? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
So, basically to tell you honestly earlier in the last couple of years, what 
used to happen is the orders would come in spurts. So there was no 
consistent order inflow which was healthy. Now the reason why I say 
healthy is because you need a backlog so that you can start planning, 
design, engineering, material procurement, all this takes time. So with 
this consistent flow, which is remaining right now is a very healthy 
situation. And apart from this, in the recent month or two we are 
seeing an upsurge of orders. So this is a very healthy scenario and this is 
in spite of the fact that the prices of steel have increased as well as 
other inputs have increased. In spite of all this the ordering flow has 

been healthy, the price realization has been good so all in all it's a very 
healthy centre. 
Subham: 
Fair enough. Sir, secondly now there is a hypothesis which says that 
globally in US and Europe specially the steel prices are increasing 
significantly and going forward it will further increase because of their 
various CO2 emission norms which are coming into play. So in that 
situation given the steel price remaining quite low as far as India is 
concerned. So, there may be a situation where in engineering product 
out of India can see a very high growth. So, in this light what is your 
view and how are we placed in that scenario? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Normally, what we have seen is steel prices internationally find a 
balance and remain more or less similar and generally speaking, all over 
the world because otherwise steel tends to migrate from one place to 
the other in a big way. China had originally if you remember, years ago, 
China had a lower prices than the international market and therefore 
the sales of Chinese steel was quite high but over a period of time they 
find an equilibrium. So what I believe is it may happen temporarily, but 
after a while, it will have to be at the same level. But as I told you, if 
that happens, then naturally we will be at a much better position 
because our products would be cheaper than the competition which 
would give us a definite advantage. 
Subham: 
Right. And in the last call, you did mention that you are looking at few 
opportunities globally, especially in America. So is there any 
breakthrough that you would like to share with us regarding acquisition 
or any other update? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
No, there has been no development whatsoever. In case anything 
comes in definitely there would be an announcement. 
Subham: 
Right and lastly on the MHE division, now again, on the last call you did 
mention that the EBIT reported in last quarter could more or less be 
maintained but now again we have reported close to Rs.7 crores of loss. 
So I just wanted to understand how can we see this division going 
forward? Where will the revenue stabilize? Where will the margins 
stabilize and given now that we are at the last leg of legacy order and 
also as you can mention as to how much is the retention money that is 
still left that we can get out of this business? 
Kamlesh Shah: 
In regards to what you mentioned about the Q3 we have seen some hit 
in our MHE business. However, it is just non cash item which is there, 
which came as a part of a settlement with the customer whenever we 
are closing our legacy projects or other projects as a part of that. At the 
same time, you've also seen that there is an arbitration award also 
which is there in our favour which we are pursuing, though the 
customers prefer further appeal to the next level of the arbitration. We 
are working towards the same and we believe that so far the current 
businesses are concerned we are quite comfortable in terms of our 
profitability and liquidity and we are conservative in terms of selecting 
the prospects. 
Subham: 
So, is it fair to say the Rs.7 cores loss was only one time now and going 
forward we would not report loss in an ideal situation.  

Prayasvin Patel: 
See what my colleague was trying to explain to you is first of all, there is 
no cash loss. So we have to understand that it is not a cash loss that we 
are talking about, number one. Number two, is when we are trying to 
close contracts aggressively, at the end the customer quite often 
negotiates with us that this is the amount that we will pay and this is 
the amount we won't pay. So it is a situation of give and take. Apart 
from that, we have to understand that suppose we do not agree with 
the client then we have recourse to arbitration and then from 
arbitration it goes to the courts and so forth and then you get a 
decision after 6-7-8-10 years quite often. Now, quite often the 
management takes a practical approach whether it is worth letting a 
certain amount go and still get majority of the amount rather than fight 
with the client. Because first of all, it creates a bad feeling on top of it 
you will get money after 8 or 10 years where that value will depreciate 
to a very large extent. So considering all these factors quite often, we 
have to take some practical decisions which we take when we tell you 
that as of now, we are at a zero level that means that is the contracts 
and not being closed this is what we see the scenario. In case we have 
to take certain practical decisions of this kind, then it gets impacted. 
But as I told you in the operations of MHE over a period of time we 
have grown the organization considerably and we have seen to it that 
we and change the entire dynamics of the organization, so that we at 
least go towards zero level and there are no cash losses. As a matter of 
fact, from next year onwards it will start making a reasonable amount 
of money. So all this is being done and aggressively on the other hand, 
we are trying to close all the old contracts. We have been successful 
and as Mr Kamleshbhai by said that in the arbitration, we have Rs.63+ 
crores worth of value in the contracts which then the customer has 
again gone to the courts to buy time further and that will continue for a 
while till we get this amount.  
Subham: 
Thank you for elaborate answer. And lastly, I wanted to know the 30 
crores inflow in the MHE division, this is all related to products which is 
now all profitable inflow of contracts. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes. So, as I told you the products that we sell when there is 
profitability as well as there is an after sales division that we have 
which is catering to spares business and services that the customer 
requires, and which is also profitable. 
Suham: 
Thank you, sir. I'll come back in the queue.  
Binay Sarda: 
Sure. Thank you. We have the next question from Zaki Nasser. Please 
go ahead. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Good morning Prayasvinbhai and congrats for stabilizing the company 
so well. Sir historically Elecon has been getting a turnover of 1200-1500 
crores over the past decade. Now we have restructured our material 
handling division and given new trust to the gear division. Sir going 
forward next 3 years where do you expects the top line to stabilize at 
this is first part of the question. Second, couple of concall back we had 
mentioned that we are looking at alternate uses for our material 
handling facilities. What are your thoughts on that? Thank you. 

Prayasvin Patel: 
I'm glad you asked these questions because these are very important 
questions that you have narrated. Basically, the way things are panning 
out there is going to be an increase in turnover because first of all we 
are sitting on a capacity utilization which is around 55-60% which was 
much lower earlier in the gear division, so there is a scope to further 
increase the turnover, it all depends on the order inflow. Looking at the 
present Indian scenario, the inflow of orders has started increasing and 
we presume that will bring in a further increase in turnover in the years 
to come that is number one. Number two is this will also reflect in a 
similar way with material handling, though as we said that we are not 
interested in taking contracts and projects right now but we would be 
still selling our products. Our after sales business which is spare 
business continues to remain. So all in all, we see a very rosy picture. 
Apart from this in the gear business, there is also a growth in the export 
business and we are still trying to give further thrust in those areas, 
reaching out into countries where we have not been as yet so that the 
growth would be further there. So as I told you right now the scenario 
looks extremely rosy in all directions. 
Zaki Nasser: 
So, can we can we reasonably assume that may be next two years 
down the line we will stabilize at 1200 crores plus in terms of top line 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Looks like it, yes. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Fantastic and about the alternate use of that material handling facility 
which you had mentioned. So, is something happening on that front or 
will it take some more time. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
We are actively pursuing because we have machinery which is catering 
to very large components and very large kind of fabrication. It is not 
easy to look for such kind of things they go into only specific certain 
types of industries and therefore we are pursuing it but we are also 
very judicious because we want to go into areas only when there are 
healthy margins because we are not interested in going into areas 
where there are low margins and very high competition. So we want to 
do work which is high precision and where the margins are healthy. So 
we're just taking a bit of time but just to say we want to only go into 
areas which would make money for the company. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Thanks a lot and best wishes for the future. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Sunil Kothari. Please go 
ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Thank you very much Prayasvinbhai. Sir, really it's very positive to listen 
about the way we are reducing our interest costs, debt reduction and 
making us debt free after long and it will help us for a very long time to 
have no debt on books because it has troubled us a lot during last may 
be 5-10 years, really commendable sir. So my question is on the 
opportunity which we are trying to capture internationally, if little bit 
detail if you can talk something. What type of opportunities opening up 
over next year, any size, any numbers any specific if you would like to 
talk? 
 

Prayasvin Patel: 
First of all, let me tell you that the operations which have been 
happening and today we have our marketing arm in Singapore on one 
side, another marketing arm in Dubai. Out of these two arms, the 
Singapore one caters to the far eastern area, the Dubai looks at the 
Middle East and Africa area. Then we have Europe which looks after 
Germany, Holland, Netherland, France and all these areas and then we 
have the UK. On the other hand, we have United States which looks 
after United States, Canada and South America at the bottom. So this is 
the general structure. What I would say is the first intention was that 
we make them profitable and we make them profitable on a consistent 
basis and not by a microscopic amount which we have been able to do 
over a period of time. The challenges in America were a bit different, 
where we used to make losses, because we had set up an infrastructure 
in such a way that almost every state was being handled by individuals 
which we had to cut down and we had to re-plan the entire strategy 
which we have been able to do very successfully. And now we have 
become profitable and going forward it is going to generate very good 
healthy margins for us. The demand for products also in America have 
been offered different kind which suits us extremely well because those 
products demand in India were reducing, now with the international 
demand increasing those products have become reasonably good for us 
to manufacture because it is utilizing the capacities in a very healthy 
way. They are especially worm gearboxes of very large sizes. So all in 
all, the teams have been doing very well. On the other hand, America 
has now started getting orders from South America including Colombia, 
Chile and various other small countries in South America.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
We have deployed agents out there who are also doing a good job. 
America and especially Canada has also worked out quite well for us. 
We are getting reasonably good orders from that area also. So all in all, 
it's a healthy scenario. As the period of time goes by we intend to 
deploy more of our dealers or agents in various territories because 
these countries quite often are very large like Canada and the United 
States. So adding more dealers and agents would help us and overall, 
the product acceptability has been very good and our customers who 
we have serviced up till now have been very happy with the product as 
well as the service. So we feel very confident that going forward we 
should be able to grow our business to considerable aspect. 
Sunil Kothari: 
My next question is to Kamleshbhai, you people are doing really great 
job of debt restructuring, interest payment substantial reduction. So, 
my question is related to this MHE non cash loss which we have shown. 
Any one-time write-off or revenue recognition or something has been 
taken and if you can explain in this call or onwards any future 
communication to investor. If we can specifically mention about the 
past losses, legacy business related losses and current situation so, it 
will help us to understand what currently we are doing and what is 
hurting us. And related to that we have mentioned in our key initiatives 
about the MHE that we are expecting to come in with two major 
projects by one is in Q4 and another in Q1 next year. So, any ballpark 
numbers if you can provide possibilities of losses, that will help investor 
to understand that there is a possibility of some write off coming on 
this and if it is clearly mentioned during result presentation that will 

enhance our confidence and trust also. I would like to know any one 
time this type of things happen in MHE during Q3 and possibility during 
Q4 and Q1. 
 Kamlesh Shah: 
Presently whatever is to be done, we already did. But if you talk about 
the future, presently we are all on the closure of all our legacy project 
and we are about to close you know, one by one, all the projects. So, 
what we are just requiring is to get our retention money released from 
the customers and whenever some price difference it is there. So, these 
are nothing but you know, which is in the negotiation with the 
customers and presently we can't spell out what it will be there. 
However, considering our confidence and at the customer level 
particular PSU level the machines are working, we are confident that 
we will realise our money. Though at the last leg we may be required to 
just forego some of them considering the cost benefit analysis, 
particularly the cost for litigation further and how much time it will 
take. So my request to you, just some time may be by March or may be 
by June somewhere we will have some clarity about where we stand at 
least in terms of our relation of sticky receivables in MHE. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Sunilbhai, I will tell you how this thing works. See suppose tomorrow I 
want to close the NTPC order. First of all, they should be in the mood to 
close the order. I will explain to you, there are times when this is an 
extreme situation but we have to run away from the site because they 
are not interested in taking over the entire project and running it on 
their own. If you are running it for them, then why should they run? It is 
like they are producing a power using your equipment but they will find 
some excuse or the other so that they don't close the contract. So, you 
have to keep on running all the equipment, your manpower gets 
consumed, your maintenance continues as well as the insurance and 
everything else is also on your side, which means your insurance 
company, you keep on paying the premiums and they keep on getting 
all the benefits. Now for whatever reasons, ultimately if they decide to 
close the contract, they call you and you sit across the table and you 
discuss how to close the contract where you would tell them that these 
are the extra costs that you have to levy because of either escalations 
or due to any additional work that you have done, any additional 
services that you have provided, etc. That is the time when they talk 
about compensating it, so it is practically a negotiation that takes place 
of how the contract would be closed. And in turn, they quite often arm 
twist you and try to close a contract and it is very difficult to asserting 
what ultimately would be the result whether there would be additional 
amounts which have to be booked in by us or not, or we will tend to 
gain ultimate. Our intention always is Sunilbhai that looking at the 
pluses and minuses, we tried to come out with some certain plus 
amount rather than negative and their intention is always to bring it to 
a negative so that they don't have to pay you anything. So, this is the 
scenario that continues and therefore it will be difficult to give you an 
answer as of now, but as far as what we see is what we represent to 
you. Over a period of time when the clarity comes in that is when we 
try to put it in. 

Kamlesh Shah: 
Sure, Prayasvinbhai we really appreciate this clarification. Just one 
request, if you can clarify after the results wherever we provide this 
presentation that this is related to something past numbers, if we can 
explain that will be really helpful to investor community, that's all. 
Thanks a lot and wish you good luck. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anurag Patil from Roha Asset 
Manager. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, as per your last annual report, there 
are around 160 crores plus contingent liabilities and some 340 crores 
plus corporate guarantees. So, if you can please elaborate on what is 
the current status and what is the possibility that these things can 
impact us in the future? 
Kamlesh Shah: 
So, as far the corporate guarantees are concerned we have already paid 
off and set all the loans at overseas, the corporate guarantee is now in 
no more in existence. So, corporate guarantee is released. So, there is 
no corporate guarantee as on today which are outstanding. In regard to 
the litigation applicable tax and now it is very minimal amount which is 
continuing also. 
Anurag Patil: 
So, how much would it be the current amount contingent, any ballpark 
you can say 
Narasimhan: 
Except for this corporate guarantee towards borrowings in UK which 
has been closed, balance all relates to tax related litigations, and not 
significant movement has happened due to courts not functioning. But 
in the upcoming months, we expect that hearings will be conducted. 
So, as of now no other major change. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay. What is the consolidated order book, including the overseas 
subsidiaries?  
Kamlesh Shah: 
It is 501 crores, including standalone.  
Anurag Patil: 
Okay Sir. Thank you very much. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Niraj Mansingka from 
White Pine, please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Thank you for the opportunity. A few things can you give colour on the 
business environment on the gear business. You had said in the past 
about huge growth potential in the export side and you see that target 
going to 45% of the revenue share. And also wanted to know share on 
how much is the competition and the pricing scenario in gear business.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, as I told you, we intend that it could be healthy for us to rely on 
the Indian market to the extent of 60% and 40% should be from the 
export area. There's a continuous striving that we keep on doing to 
reach towards 40%. However, now we are seeing that there is an 
upsurge of orders from the domestic market, and therefore again the 
percentage to maintain where we are today still becomes more and 
more difficult. So, this is a normal situation which we tried to come 
across. The margins in India have improved considerably after COVID 
because of the fact that we have been very particular to see to it that 
we maintain a healthy margin level in the domestic market also. 
Normally, the export market gives us a healthier margin than what we 

get domestically which is the positive part because there are a lot of 
companies in India who export at a lower price than what they sell in 
the domestic market, which is not the case with us. 
Niraj Mansika: 
If you're running at a utilization of 55%, and you're having an upsurge 
of orders in domestic, how soon can we see this utilization increasing 
because exports are profitable. So what is stopping you from increasing 
your utilization in the gear business?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
See it is the inflow of orders. Because let's understand one thing, that 
when we go into the international market and if we go into countries 
where we have not been there before, the acceptability of Elecon 
products becomes difficult. The reason is we are from India and not 
from the Western world that itself requires a considerable amount of 
convincing with the client. The second thing is that since they have not 
experienced our products in the past it is difficult. However, we have 
seen that once company starts utilizing our products and finds out that 
the products that we supply to them are robust and reliable they then 
tend to give us repeated orders.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
Got it. Sir, last question, again coming back to the same thing you said 
about there's a lot of upsurge in the domestic orders, can you give 
some more colour to understand how sustainable and how long term it 
is and which sectors?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
I would say overall, the area of infrastructure building naturally as you 
know, is in a very healthy situation and it will keep on improving further 
because if you have seen even in the budget, the finance minister has 
been emphasizing on infrastructure building and additional amounts 
being given to that sector. So, that is an area and the industries which 
are related to that are also going through a big upsurge. Pharma is 
doing extremely well. Similarly, we saw also a healthy inflow coming in 
from the cement industry. So, these are a few industries which are 
doing, steel also is again showing a reasonably healthy trend.  
Niraj Mansika: 
Okay, thank you.  
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have some question on the chat board. Prashant asks 
what kind of turnover and profitability we can expect from material 
handling division in next one year. And is it possible to show some write 
off, one-time loss in the MHE division in the results. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
As we said Prashant that it is very difficult to have a onetime loss in 
material handling because as we keep on closing contracts, we will 
know more as to where we stand and whether there is any additional 
losses to be booked. As of now it looks like we don't have losses to 
book and we have money to recover from the clients where we are 
closing the contracts, but only time will tell that is number one. Number 
two is we are expecting that our turnover will go up in the material 
handling business because of the fact that recently we have seen good 
requirement of product inquiries which have come in and we believe 
that the way the economy is progressing, that there would be further 
demand that would come. I would not be surprised if we see at least a 
20% growth coming in for at least one or two years. 

Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. There's one more question - what is the current debt as on 
31st December 21.  
Narasimhan Raghunathan: The fund base debt is around 170 crores.  
Kamlesh Shah: 
The current debt position is 170 crores as standalone and overseas we 
don't have any debt as on today.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
I can add to this that we are expected to get to zero level by FY23 end. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Saket Kapoor. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, as you have articulated in your speech when you explain us how 
NTPC and other players while executing orders, you are facing some 
headwinds. So, out of it total business proportion how much is from the 
government sector and what is the balance from the private sector if 
you could give the split of the business done and also on the order book 
front. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
The contracts which we are going through closure right now, practically 
I would say more or less everything is belonging to the government. So, 
it could be the central government or state governments. Product 
orders which are now coming in are more from the private sector than 
from the government side, which is what is happening in the last one or 
two years. If you want values then we will have to dig in and probably 
send you an email and give you all this information. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir as you were mentioning about cement industry, steel industry being 
at the buoyancy there and they being our major client. If you could give 
a ballpark number in percentage terms which industries will be our 
major clients or from whom we will receive order inflow by spectrum. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
If you look at the pie chart of the gear business, it is broken up into 
small parts everywhere. Power sector used to be one of the largest 
once upon a time, which used to amount for almost 20+%. So you can 
imagine if that is the largest, the others work out to be very small slices 
of the pie chart. And therefore, it is very difficult to tell you which one 
is going to increase beyond or go above the other. As of now, there is a 
buoyancy in the areas that I have mentioned earlier. How much would 
that be, it will depend specifically upon the inquiries that are being 
received. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right Sir and particularly coming to the NTPC part, in the presentation 
also there has been some mention about NTPC order backlog and 
getting executed and the completion happening by the first quarter of 
FY23. So, what is the size of business that we have done for NTPC for 
these nine months or now how much backlog is pending? Is there any 
litigation issue in this or it is all clean business. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
There is no question of litigation. It is a question of almost everything 
more or less has been supplied from us, whatever that means to be 
supplied from head office for the equipment's have already been 
supplied - erection and commissioning is what is going on. Minor civil 
work which is pending has to be completed, certain products have to 
be tweaked in for the completion and that is what is going on right 
now. And if the COVID had not attacked us, we would have completed 

this project probably three months ago or may be even six months 
because there were two waves of COVID which hit us very badly and 
which is the reason why these delays have occurred. But we are 
hopeful that we will be able to finish them and get out of it fast. As far 
as we are concerned this final settlement would take place soon, and 
our dues would be received 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir can you quantify, in your presentation you have mentioned that 
project completion status expecting to complete major contract of 
NTPC by Q4 of FY22 and another major project is expected to close by 
Q1 FY23. What is the quantum of this revenue and one more point 
when you were telling about this delay in process where they used to 
use our equipment, so at that time what was the process of revenue 
booking? So, when can we book the exact revenue even when they're 
using our equipment for trial runs or when there is a completion? Just 
wanted to have that understanding of the nature of how the business 
revenues are books. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan: So, as CMD has clarified in NTPC, we are in the closure of the projects 
and there is no further revenues to be recognized on that account. And 
in terms of the number of projects from NTPC, we have got atleast two 
projects out of which both are expected to close in this quarter. One 
definitely has been very close, only the final sign off is to be done and 
other one is also expected to close. So, these are the two major one 
from NTPC. So in terms of fresh revenue, we don't expect anything to 
be booked now. May be the last milestone few activities could be 
there, so that's not a significant. 
Saket Kapoor: 
For Q4, we won't be booking any revenue on this project. So when you 
have mentioned here it is the only the completion status, the revenue 
booking would be done or the revenue booking has been done earlier. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan: The revenue booking has been done already, there is no fresh revenue 
booking. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Both for Q4 and Q1 execution?  
Narasimhan Raghunathan: Yeah.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Didn't understand that the nature of how are we booking our revenue 
earlier before the completion of project. 
Narasimhan Raghunathan: This is always on the percentage of completion method. We had to 
recognize revenue and in fact, as what you could understand over the 
period of past 4-5 years based on the completion we have completed 
virtually 98-99% sort of thing. Only the last milestone activities which 
may not be that significant for the activity which we are currently 
doing. All these years we are only waiting for the customers to proceed 
with the testing and final completion activities, sign off and another 
thing. So, based on the activity we have completed we have already 
recognised revenue. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So what are the receivables for this order, how much are the 
receivables pending from them? Since the execution is not complete 
there must be retention money from NTPC. So how much of the fund 
would be released for post Q4 and Q1? 

Narasimhan Raghunathan: May be we can provide you, we don't have the immediate numbers 
available on what’s the receivables and these things should be coming 
from the financials. We can specifically clarify you over email. 
Binay Sarda: 
We have the next question from Ankit Babel. Please go ahead.  
Ankit Babel: 
Good morning, sir and Ankit Babel here from Subhkam Ventures. 
Couple of questions when the macro part is so strong, both 
domestically and internationally, so what kinds of growth you're 
looking at in your order inflows in the next year in the gear business? 
Both standalone and console level if you can tell.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
We would see atleast a growth of the way it looks like as of now the 
scenario, we should be able to atleast log in a growth of 20%. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. In the last call also, I had asked you this question and repeating 
that, in the current year, good part of your execution was from the 
marine side, the gear box from the marine which would be present in 
the next year as you are expecting it to finish it off in next couple of 
quarters. So, on a reported basis, what kind of growth you are 
envisaging in your consolidated gear business revenue, which includes 
the overseas parts also assuming that there won't be any orders on the 
marine side.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Partially the execution will continue next year. There is a residual part 
which would remain, which will go on to the next year, as we expect as 
of now and then there could be another requirement which has come 
in recently for equipments and spares which would also bring in 
additional revenues. So all in all, we are expected as I told you to grow 
both consolidated Navy business as well as the rest of the gear business 
to grow at approximately 20%. 
Ankit Babel: 
Actually here there is a slight confusion because in the last quarter you 
mentioned that you will show a flat growth in gear business in the next 
year and now you are envisaging 20% growth. So can you quantify the 
number to remove the confusion? What kind of revenue you are 
targeting this year in the consol gear business and on that base what 
you're targeting growth? A ballpark number will be fine. So, last year 
for your reference, I can tell that it was 905 crores consolidated 
transmission equipment revenue in FY21. So, apple to apple what kind 
of revenue you are looking at in this segment at the console level in 22 
and 23 as it will remove all confusion.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
So I told you compared to what we do this year, the growth is expected 
to be 20%, however, it is very difficult to ascertain very clearly. As I told 
you in the last meeting, or the last investors meet we had said that we 
are expected to do more or less the same is the fact that the revenues 
for the Navy business was not expected to remain the same or was 
expected to reduce. But now we see a hope because there are present 
inquiries which according to me if it materializes fast, there is a 
possibility that we will be able to execute that entire by end of next 
year. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, Sir my second question is, you did mention that in the current 
quarter there was some non-cash one of write offs for provision in MHE 
division. So can you quantify that amounts what was it in Q3? 

Kamlesh Shah: 
So, on Q3 level on net basis our right off is nearly 3.25 crores. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, so you did a revenue of 20 crores and a loss of around 7.5 crores 
and in this 7.5 around 3.5 crores was this non-cash item. So, still there 
was a loss of 3 crores on the revenue 20 crores in the product. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
This is because our revenue this time was only 20 crores in MHE 
division. So, because of that on sales turnover base also it is because of 
fix overhead. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, so again, a question containing from the previous conference 
calls that Mr. CMD had indicated that the MHE division is expected to 
do a turnover of around 152-180-200 crores or anywhere between 
these two ranges. So assuming a 150 crores revenue, what would be 
the core profitability from the product business excluding any one-off 
which might come. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
So if you do a turnover of 150 crores both - product as well as spare 
business, we can expect the profitability to the tune of 10-15 crores, 
depend how the product mix works out. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. I will come back in the queue, thank you so much.  
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have a question from Niraj Mansika. Please go ahead 
Niraj Mansika: 
Sir in the past, if you see the gear business, you had reported EBIT 
margins in excess of 25%. But in the last three quarters it was lower. So, 
can you give us colour is it because of the pass on of the prices which 
was on the steel prices? And is it possible the margins to be go higher 
because of the stability in steel prices? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, I would not like to commit that the margins would go higher or 
not. But all I can tell you is that if the turnover increases since fixed 
costs gets distributed over large number of orders, there is a possibility 
that the margins may further increase. 
Niraj Mansika: 
Any hypothetical numbers you can share on that. Say utilisation goes to 
70%. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
It will also depend on the product mix. So it's very difficult to 
generalize. And as I told you, the only thing I can say is that the more 
you produce, your fixed costs get distributed over a higher turnover 
and therefore they tend to increase. 
Niraj Mansika: 
Okay, thank you.  
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Pratik Agarwal from ITI MF. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Agarwal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just one question data point regarding. 
The breakup of your gear business and MHE business what would be 
the product to project ratio in both of them. The context which I'm 
coming from is basically I'm trying to understand that you're trying to 
reduce your project profile and be more in products. So is it the issues 
we're discussing regarding NTPC, or may be marine order getting over? 
So those are project orders that are finishing off or then only mostly 
product will remain. So, from that context, I'm trying to understand 
what is the profile right now and in future would most of it be product? 

Prayasvin Patel: 
In gear division, there is nothing like project and products, because all 
of them are products. The way we do the marine business it is deemed 
to be a project because of the entire execution of various ship sets that 
we do. But however ultimately, they are being invoiced like products. 
So you can say that the gear division has 100% products, as long as 
material handling is concerned practically all project business has more 
or less come to end. Now I will explain why I would say come to an end. 
All the products or in the project work the products which are being 
used are all have been dispatched to site and there is completion of the 
work which is happening at site. A lot of these contracts have been 
closed, some of them are on the verge of getting close and some have 
not even started as yet though the order has been received two to 
three years ago. Not a single line has been drawn which would tend to 
get cancelled over a period of time, hopefully. But otherwise, 
everything else is either after sales which is spares or that is product 
business, which is pending in material handling. 
Pratik Agarwal: 
So, this 66 crores of MHE order book that is mostly project which will 
be getting over in some short span of time. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
No, it would be basically product orders or after sales i.e. spare would 
be a combination of that. 
Pratik Agarwal: 
Okay. And marine order that we're discussing will fall into the product 
in the gear segment as product order.  
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes.  
Pratik Agarwal: 
Okay. That was my only question, sir. Thanks a lot for answering it.  
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. We are the last question from Saket Kapoor requested to 
limit a question to one because we have already crossed our time limit. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, question is pertaining to the MHE division only. Just wanted to 
understand what are the current constraint in this division that the 
revenue trajectory is lower and therefore the profitability is also lower? 
So, going forward, how is this division going to contribute to the total 
top line and how is the profitability going to shape up going forward. 
And if you could give some more colour, inventory build-ups what we 
have seen for this quarter, if you can explain what is the nature of this 
inventory and going forward how is this going to affect the P&L?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
As far as material handling is concerned, as you know, we have stopped 
doing project orders. So the turnover has dropped. However, we are 
doing products where we are being very choosy because we want to 
take orders which would give us profits and profits that of reasonable 
type and size. Why I said type is because it will all depend on the 
payment terms also. The rest of our spare business which is also 
reasonably healthy and therefore, which has got healthy margins. So, 
all in all, when we say 150 or 160 crores of turnover it is all that is going 
to bring in positive margins in the organization. Our intention has 
always been that you improve the profitability and not only improve 
the top line. So, the top line has to go up only provided it brings in 
positivity at the bottom which means brings in profits. So this is what 
we are planning to do. However, as I told you that we have spare 
capacities available in manufacturing and therefore we are looking at 

alternatives where we could utilize our facilities and increase our 
turnover and improve our margins further. So this is a game plan. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Do we have this peer comparison factor, international competition in 
the southern India are they your competitors in the same vicinity, in the 
same profile?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
No, they aren’t.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Can you give Peer comparison for the material handling segments so 
that we can have an outlook on the industry also. Who are our 
domestic players we are competing to your size? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
In material handling we are competing with the likes of L&T, 
Thyssenkrupp India Limited and also the multinational in South India. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for all the elaborate answers. So we hope to end this year 
positively and a growth of 20% can be envisage for the year to come 
and the worse should be behind us for the material handling division, 
this should be the summary we can take home. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes, definitely. See, as I told you, we want to make sure that we close 
the contracts and get out of the situations where all the expenses get 
booked and everything gets clean and neat. And we keep on making 
margins in the products that we sell and the spare business that we do 
and going forward we bring in new product lines that would bring in 
further improvements in margins. 
Binay Sarda: 
We will take one last question from Kartik from Suyash Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Kartik: 
Good afternoon for opportunity. Couple of questions, one I am being 
slightly greedy when I ask you this question, given the traction that you 
are seeing internationally, is it conceivable at all that in say three years 
time you get to 1000 crores of international revenues, being specific 
when I say international revenues. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Next three years would be difficult. 
Kartik: 
When I say FY25. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
It would be difficult unless there is some inorganic acquisitions that 
take place.  
Kartik: 
Right. 700 would be a ballpark number possible. I know I am pushing 
this but just indulge me. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See as I told you, I would say 500-700 crores round about that is 
possible. 
Kartik: 
The other question, sir, is in the domestic market. You spoke about 
being particular about profitability and your payment terms obviously. 
So, are you seeing customers being pushy or are they willing to wait for 
you to come to a more agreeable position, how exactly do you perceive 
the situation here? Is there a risk that you become a personal non grata 
at a certain level because you are not taking orders below your terms? 
How exactly should one think about that?  
Prayasvin Patel: 
In gear we have seen that the customers are willing to pay the price 
that normally we request. And the reason is that we have an edge and 

superiority over the competition due to various reasons. As long as 
material handling is concerned, if it is a government tenders then the 
lowest is the one who gets. So, that is a very difficult situation and 
which is the reason why we have tried to get out of projects apart from 
the fact that as we mentioned earlier, that the customer in the end just 
doesn't want to pay for it.  
Kartik: 
And final question, sir, in terms of raw material sourcing. I know that a 
lot of people have been facing challenges both in terms of pricing as 
well as availability. How exactly are you able to handle that situation? 
Has that been a constraint for you? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
No, it hasn't been a constraint except the fact that the prices have gone 
up recently. And there is a slight amount of lag before you are able to 
realize new prices from the customers. 
Kartik: 
Thank you very much. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. That was a last question for the call. I would like to now 
hand over the call to Mr. Patel for his closing remarks. Over to you Sir. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Well, first of all, I would like to thank all of you for taking so much of 
interest in Elecon. What I can assure you is the worst times have got 
over we tend to go from a profit level which keeps on rising because if 
you look at the last three quarters results last year and compared it 
with this year, we have gone up by almost four folds which is very 
healthy sign and the way things are panning out and the way we see 
the things in the future we will be able to sustain these kinds of 
profitability and also on a situation where we will be able to improve 
them. So the scenario looks very healthy and after a long time, we have 
been able to get out of the material handling situation where the losses 
kept on accruing and now we are more or less at the end of the term. 
So all in all things look very rosy and healthy and if the demand keeps 
on increasing, I believe that sky's the limit. So thank you all. And hope 
to see you in the next investors meet.  
