NA VA BHARA T VENTURES LIMITED 
NA VA BHARAT CHAMBERS, R'\J BHA \'AN ROAD, HYDERABAD-500082, TELANGANA, INDIA 
NAVA BHARAT 
NBV/SECTL/ 617/2021-22 
February 1, 2022 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI- 400 051 
NSE Symbol : 'NBVENTURES' 
Dear Sirs, 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: '513023' I 'NBVENTURES' 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with Investors. 
--oOo--
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call with Investors I Analysts held on 
January 28, 2022 on the operational and financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknovvledge the receipt. 
Thanking you 
Encl: as above. 
Telephone :(040) 23403501, 23403540; Fax: 080 6688 6121 
E-Mail: investorservices@nbv.in Website: www.nbventures.com 
r.nrnnr~tP lrlPntitv Nn ·I ?71n1T~1Q7?PI r.nn1S4Q 

"Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference CalF' 
January 28, 2022 
NAVABHARAT 
CAPITAL 
ANALYST: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR- DAM CAPITAL LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT OF NA VA BHARA T VENTURES LIMITED: 
MR. ASHWIN DEVINENI, CEO 
MR. GRK PRASAD, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. NIKHIL DEVINENI, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
MR. SULTAN A. BAIG, CFO 
MR.VSN RAJU, COl\1PANY SECRETARY & VICE PRESIDENT 
Page 1 of 11 

NAVA BHARAT 
MODERATOR: 
Mohit Kumar: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
BV Bajaj: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
January 28, 2022 
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN GOOD DAY AND WELCOME TO THE NA VA BHARAT VENTURES 
LIMITED'S Q3 FY2022 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, HOSTED BY DAM CAPITAL 
ADVISORS LIMITED. AS A REMINDER, ALL PARTICIPANT LINES WILL BE IN THE LISTEN-
ONLY MODE AND THERE WILL BE AN OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU TO ASK QUESTIONS AFTER 
THE PRESENTATION CONCLUDES. SHOULD YOU NEED ASSISTANCE DURING THE 
CONFERENCE CALL, PLEASE SIGNAL THE OPERA TOR BY PRESSING "*" AND THEN "0" ON 
YOUR TOUCHSTONE PHONE. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS CONFERENCE IS BEING RECORDED. 
I NOW HAND THE CONFERENCE OVER TO MR. MOHIT KUMAR FROM DAM CAPITAL 
ADVISORS LIMITED. THA.NK YOU AND OVER TO YOU SIR! 
Thank you Lizaan. On behalf of DA1vl Capital, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY2022 
Earnings Call of Nava Bharat Ventures Limited. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Ashwin Devineni, CEO, :rvfr. GRK Prasad, Executive Director, Mr. Nikhil Devineni, 
Senior Vice-President, Mr. Sultan A. Baig, CFO and Mr. VSN. Raju, Company Secretary 
& Vice President. Now I hand over the floor to Mr. Ashwin Devineni for the opening 
remarks, which will be followed by Q&A. Over to you, Sir! 
Thank you Mohit. Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants. The 
statement of financial results both on standalone and consolidated basis and a press release 
detailing the operations of the Nava Bharat Ventures Group for the quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2021 have already been filed with the stock exchanges and posted on 
our website. I hope you have had a look at them and trust they have provided adequate 
information on our performance for the quarter and nine months ended December 3 I, 2021. 
Given the above, we would like to now proceed with the question and answer session. 
Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line ofBV Bajaj from Bajaj Shares and Securities. Please go ahead. 
Good evening and congrats for the team of Nava Bharat Ventures on all fronts. The 
standalone results are very good and efficiently brought good results, but my only 
inhibition is your confidence level on the international recovery and how you are expecting 
that it will be resolved and how fast? that is my only question, Sir. Thank you. 
Thank you for the question. So this is with regards to I guess the power plant and the coal 
project in Zambia. I think as you probably know the arbitration is currently underway and 
we are glad to note, I mean, happy to inform you that we have received an interim order for 
$250 million that ZESCO is supposed to pay us by January 31,2022. As of now, we expect 
ZESCO to pay, but discussions are undenvay between ZESCO and us in terms of them 
possibly coming up with a payment plan, as far as we are concerned, we will take all 
necessary actions until and unless we are satisfied with the payment plan to enforce the 
order and the award. 
Page 2 of 11 

NAVA BHARAT 
BV Bajaj: 
Moderator: 
Srinivas Rao: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Srinivas Rao: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Srinivas Rao: 
Moderator: 
Harish Shah: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Thanks for your confidence level. 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
January 28, 2022 
The next question is in the line ofM. Srinivas Rao from Jubilant. Please go ahead. 
Good evening Sir. Congratulations on the good set of results. My question is what is the 
outstanding overdue amount on MCL to be paid to the lenders as on date. 
Yes, so that amount is $118 million. 
Okay and what is the current order book position for Ferro Alloys at Paloncha unit? 
Mr. Srinivas thank you. The order book of Q4 is fairly good in a sense that it is more or less 
sold out. So, we have good visibility in terms of our realization going forward for Q4. 
Thank you. Sir. 
We will move on to the next question that is from in the line of Harish Shah from HS 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
I thank the management for the opportunity. I have some questions/ what is the status on 
manganese ore mining, if you can share? 
Mr. Shah thank you for your question. The manganese ore exploratory works are currently 
underway. 
Unfortunately, owing to COVID there was a slight delay in grant of the 
statutory permissions required to conduct the works. Now as we speak, all that is behind us 
and work is underway to carry the exploration. 
Okay, so the revenues from these operations can be seen like coming in this Q4? 
Unfortunately, it is too nascent at this stage to comment on revenues coming from the 
project. At this juncture, what we are looking for is firstly the deposits that are available in 
this concession area and secondly whether the quality of the ore present in this area is 
suitable for manganese alloy production. So, I would not be able to comment in terms of 
revenue inflow just as yet. 
Okay, got it and if you can share what is the maximum volumes can we do on the coal 
front, coal business? 
You said maximum volumes. 
Yes volumes. 
Page 3 of 11 

NAVA BHARAT 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
l\foderator: 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Janumy 28, 2022 
Yes, so I think this is in relation with the Zambian operations. Today we do about 35,000 to 
45,000 tons on a monthly basis. Now in terms of volumes, we want to increase that to 
potentially like 50,000 and even probably 60,000 a month but it all depends upon the 
demand. Today, we cater to most of the Zambian markets, but what is happening is now we 
are seeing a fair amount of traction also from neighboring countries such as Congo and so 
on. So, if that works out, then we will definitely see an increase in volume. \Vith regards to 
our production and the mine reserves, there is no limit really, we can go much higher than 
that. 
Okay and what is the approximate EBITDA that we get from this business. 
The coal mining business. 
Yes, coal mining business. 
It is approximately about 50%. 
My last question what is the total remittance that we as a standalone business receive from 
Zambia that is MCL? 
Today as it stands from MCL, we have not been receiving any dividends primarily owing to 
the fact that some of the conditions that the lenders have imposed have not been met 
because of the partial payment from this course. So I think now that things are moving in a 
positive direction. We hope to resolve that and probably unlock the value and start 
receiving. Hopefully, we will start receiving dividends in the near future. 
Can we say that from the next financial year, this would come in? 
It is very hard for me to say. All I can say at this moment that our discussions with ZESCO 
given the change in government are very positive. I think they are also eagerly looking for a 
resolution. I think once we structure something around that I think we will be able to 
discuss with the lenders and relax some of the terms so that we can start declaring 
dividends. 
Thank you for the detailed answer. That's it from my side and wish you all the best. 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Sonthalia from Oculus Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Congrats on the great numbers and thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. 
My first question is we are working on this new tariff structure in Zambia and currently we 
are receiving $11 cents per unit. So can you just tell us what is the demand from the 
Page 4 of 11 

NAVA BHARA'T 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Januwy 28, 2022 
ZESCO or the government side? \Vhat kind of tariff they are demanding? We were working 
on the debt structuring as well because as we have not paid the principal amount since last 
few quarters. So are we hoping that the total debt amount will come down or what is 
happening around this debt structure and the new tariff structure? 
Yes, I do not want to go into particulars, Ankit, because these discussions are fairly 
confidential but what I can say is that with the recent discussions where we are in terms of 
tariffs and what they are proposing, we are not too far apart. I think the key here is basically 
getting them to agree to a very robust payment security mechanism so tomorrow if we 
agree to this tariff there would not be any more defaults. I think once that is achieved then 
we go to the lenders to basically restructure the debt. The lenders are aware of what we are 
discussing with ZESCO, but I think once we agree on a tariff and a payment security 
mechanism that is acceptable both to us and the lenders, I think the lenders will come 
forward to restructure the debt. 
Okay I am assuming that the tariff will not be too low and we will still make net profit on 
that so then why will the debt holders agree to reduce the debt if they know that we are also 
making money in the new tariff structure. So I just want to know that now we have received 
this court order that they have to pay us $250 million although I know that probably the 
government does not have money to pay even if there is an order of the court I just want to 
know whether is there any possibility that the debt will come down? 
No, firstly I think in terms of the tariff being profitable, I think the Company is still in the 
money making business so we would not agree to a tariff where we do not make money it 
has to be a win-win situation. With respect to the debt and the lenders, I do not think our 
intention is to reduce the debt it is more in terms of changing the loan profile so that the 
payment terms and things such as the interest rate and all those things could undergo a 
slight change. So that is currently underway and with respect to ZESCO not being able to 
pay, I think the way the current discussions are going on, there is an intention to pay and 
think they are trying to work a deal with us where they get additional revenue essentially to 
pay us so that is currently under discussion. 
Okay and last time I heard that the coal mining we cannot sell it in the international market 
as we are not getting the benefit of international prices because our operations are in 
landlocked areas and just now you mentioned that we are thinking to sell it to neighboring 
countries. So do you mean that within Africa you can sell it but not outside Africa? 
See logistics is still an issue, it is not like we can't sell it anywhere. The only thing is that 
logistics cost kills you if you want to move it out of the African subcontinent as you are not 
competitive anymore. So today, what we find is if you look at countries like Congo and so 
on, there is a huge demand because they are increasing their cement capacity and also their 
copper mining plants are expanding given where the world is going. So we are trying to 
Page 5 of 11 

NIWA BHARAT 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Moderator: 
Monika Arora: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Janumy 28, 2022 
take advantage of those opportunities and there is quite a bit of demand there. Today we 
cater to most of the Zambian market and now we are starting to see inroads into the 
Congolese market. 
Okay got it and just one last question on the receivables part because the government has 
changed and I believe you guys have a lot of discussions in last few months with the new 
authorities, the receivables are still going up as we speak or have they structured something 
that at least it will not go up and they will pay you for the new off takes. 
No the receivables as we speak are still going up until and unless we agree to these 
prospective tariffs that are currently in discussions where we have made a fair bit of 
progress as it stands right now, from what we have it invoiced. They have paid us about 
56% to 57% of what we have invoiced but yes I mean today when we bill them, we bill 
them based on the old tariff and whatever is not paid, falls into dues. Once we agree on the 
new tariff and they start paying us based on the new tariff in full, then that will put a stop to 
increase of arrears. 
And is there any discussion of reducing the existing receivables also in your new 
structuring plan. 
Existing receivable I mean if you negotiate a tariff downwards essentially that would mean 
reducing receivables right so or are you talking about the previous receivables. 
The previous receivables I am talking about. 
What we made clear is that we are going to be discussing prospective tariffs and that would 
only be applicable towards future receivables. The matter of previous receivables dues and 
arrears is something that is being dealt with in the arbitration process. 
Got it. Thank you. 
The next question is on the line of:t-.1onika Arora from Share Giants. Please go ahead. 
I wanted to ask that our 150 MW power plant in NBEIL. What is the exact roadmap for the 
plant? 
The Country had experienced extremely good months of September and October and ever 
since then, I think tariffs have dropped and unfortunately for us the coal prices also in 
Telangana have been increasing due to Coal Suppliers making abmpt increase now and 
again. Currently, the 150 megawatt is shut although we are currently working on some 
short-term supply initiatives to certain States. We hope that in the next few days to a month, 
we will get it back into operation. As far as the short-term plan, that is where we are talking 
of one month to six months kind of tenders, we participate in with different States. In terms 
Page 6 of 11 

NAVABHARAT 
Monika Arora: 
GRKPrasad: 
Monika Arora: 
GRKPrasad: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Monika Arora: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
January 28, 2022 
of the longer-term plan, we are still discussing this group captive scheme, which the 150 
megawatt could be a part. Unfortunately, we have experienced certain regulatory hurdles 
which we hope can overcome soon and I think if that is out of the way then the group 
captive scheme is probably the best long-term solution for the 150M\V. 
Okay and one more question. \Ve see our revenues have grown but we are lagging 
somewhere in the actual cash receipt. So what is the ultimate goal like if you can give me a 
outlook for another say one year or two, three years in line what is the outcome for two, 
three years for the Company. 
We cannot make a forward-looking statement but let us look at, on a standalone basis our 
Ferro Alloy operations seem to be on a nice level at this point and we hope to see whether a 
further capacity addition can take place but that is subject to various metrics which our 
team is working on. So that is one aspect which you will be probably looking at and the 
second aspect is once this resolution as Ashwin mentioned of the Zambian payment 
problem, is done then what we could see in some kind of improved financial position at the 
step down subsidiary level; which in tum gives us some more opportunities. However, at 
this point we cannot really say what they are, but we could probably look at some cash flow 
visibility once that resolution is done, but that can be better onset once this current 
arbitration is behind us, which probably will happen during this calendar year. 
So as an investor what is the ultimate view we should look at 
Well I think on a standalone basis you should look at this Company as a Ferro Alloys 
Company with a base anchor position and I would invite our CEO to dwell on what are the 
new initiatives that the Company is looking at. 
Yes, so I mean as an investor what GRK said is true we are primarily a Ferro Alloys 
Company supported by Power. Here Ferro Alloys is doing good and the steel outlook looks 
good definitely. One thing we are looking at is increasing our Ferro Alloys production 
capacity but that we mentioned on previous calls on us having integrated or having raw 
material security and in terms of that, we are actively working on certain raw material 
assets and I think once those materialize, we will definitely be expanding our production 
capacity. With regards to other initiatives that we are taking, I think now that we are seeing 
a fair bit of positive traction on the Zambia front too. I think that is going to open a 
significant cash flow coming back into the Company and that is where we stand with 
respect to our core operations. With regards to other projects that are not within our core 
operations; we are exploring agriculture in Africa and also involved in a small way on the 
healthcare side in Southeast Asia. 
Thanks for answering so patiently. I will come back in the queue. 
Page 7 of 11 

NAVA SHARAT 
Moderator: 
Harish Shah: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nikhil Devineni: 
Harish Shah: 
Moderator: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
Janua1y 28, 2022 
The next question is from the line of Harish Shah from HS Investments. Please go ahead. 
\Ve have seen a good performance from the Fen·o Alloys division this quarter, so we are 
working on the optimum capacity and according to the management what are the next 
triggers for growth. 
I think for the first part of your question, the answer is yes both that are Odisha Unit where 
we are producing ferrochrome for TAT As under the conversion agreement and we are 
operating at near optimal level in Paloncha using silicon manganese there as welL 
And in terms of the trigger for grovvth, as Mr. GRK and Mr. Ashwin have alluded earlier, 
one of the main triggers right now that we are seeing which is contributing to the 
Company's topline and bottom line on a standalone basis significantly is the Ferro Alloy 
division particularly the silica manganese production. The prerequisite for us to expand 
further was to backward integrate and find our own raw material source namely manganese 
ore. This is for two reasons, one is it gives us guaranteed fuel supply for any expansion 
unit, second is it insulates us from any market volatility in the index pricing, which 
provides a significant cost advantage over our comparators. Now I am glad to report that 
both the backward integration plans are coming to fruition and all the necessary clearances 
for us to start work are in place and as we speak, the works are being undertaken. 
Okay thanks for a detailed answer, wish you all the best. 
The next question is from the line of Vijay P an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is regarding the Zambia operation. I would like 
to know what is the status as far as coal mining is concerned what is our realization per ton 
for coal mine from this mine in metallurgical coal and in the lower quality coal which is 
used for power generation. 
In terms of the realization per metric ton, it is about $63 dollars per metric ton the average 
realization. 
For the metallurgical coal or the lower quality coal. 
Yes, this is what we are talking about for the high-grade goal. 
High-grade coal. 
Yes. 
So when the international price is ruling at $ 220, why are you not realizing even half of it. 
Page 8 of 11 

NAVA BHARAT 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
January 28, 2022 
Well. I mean, I think the first thing is as we said the way the pricing works in Zambia being 
landlocked is very different. When international coal prices were down, our prices were not 
lowered to that level. 
So the way the coal pricing market works in Zambia is fairly 
different. We basically have to compete with our neighboring partners, which are 
Zimbabwe and Botswana. So if you price higher than them then basically the people who 
buy coal from us move to them. So essentially, we have increased our coal price from time 
and time again, but we definitely cannot peg ourselves with the international coal price 
market. 
My second question is regarding expansion in Zambia, we know that Zambia is a copper 
rich country and currently two mines. The Mopani mine and the one owned by Vedanta are 
in the market. The government has seized them and put them in the market, we got 
experience from mining now from coal and we know already about smelting which we are 
making Ferro Alloys. So do we have any intention to enter into copper mining? 
Well in terms of the Mopani and Vedanta assets, it is not as simple. As they are out in the 
market right now because I think that was the case with the previous government. I think 
now with the current government, there are a lot of court cases that are underway, 
arbitrations underway in both the UK, South Africa and also I think one needs to realize 
there are a lot of debts behind Mopani and Vedanta. So one needs to be very careful in 
terms of these assets and need to do their proper due diligence. As far as us as the Company 
definitely, I mean, we would never say No. I think we all know which way the wind is 
blowing; we know copper is going to increase given that the demand in terms of EVs and 
so on. So, if we come across a good asset, which makes sense we probably would 
definitely, consider it. 
So are we considering any expansion in Zambia at all, may be also in terms of doubling the 
power generation capacity. 
In terms of power, the first thing is that we need to get our current 300 megawatts paid for 
fully which we are currently working on with ZESCO and hope that will take place soon. 
Once that happens, I think we all know that there is a power deficit in the Southern African 
region at least, we would like to take advantage of that but let us also keep in mind that a lot 
of people that were supplying equipment for coal-fired power plants today are not doing 
that, if you look at China and so on they are saying an absolute no, financing for coal-fired 
power plants or any new expansion in coal is very, very difficult. So given those 
challenges, we will have to read carefully and see how we can work it out. In terms of other 
expansions in Zambia, I think the agricultural project where we have I 0000 hectares of land 
and where we are trying out different high value crops and we will zero down on one of the 
crops we are going forward with, is avocado which is something where we are going to 
look at expanding in Zambia. 
Page 9 of 11 

NAVA BHARAT 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Vijay P: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Sonthalia: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
January 28, 2022 
Last question is regarding the Indian operations. Any further progress in liquidation of 
assets we finally sold a sugar plant and other assets. 
In terms of the sugar plants, we have been doing it piecemeal like I had reported in the 
previous call 70% of the components have been contracted first, so that is currently 
underway and with respect to the Nacharam property, we have been concentrating on that 
unfortunately COVID has delayed it we would have expected the court order by now but 
we are in a very advanced stage and we hope that would be resolved sooner rather than later 
after which we could look at monetizing it. 
And Dharmavaram and Samalkot properties. 
So, the Samalkot, I just spoke about the asset sale with respect to the land in terms of 
Samalkot I think just selling it outright probably does not make sense given the valuation 
numbers, so what we have been looking at is actually we have converted some of that land 
into real estate and commercial land from agriculture land. We are looking at different 
options and schemes for developing that on more of a residential and commercial basis, that 
is for Samalkot and for Dharmavaram all our attention has kind of been on the Nacharam 
and getting that resolved because the valuations have gone up there so we want to monetize 
that sooner rather than later. 
Thank you. I will go back in the queue. 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Sonthalia from Oculus Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
One of your competitors in Ferro Alloys industry they have mentioned that these EBITDA 
margins of 30% plus the average cyclical EBITDA for this industry is somewhere around 
15% so just want to know your view on the Ferro Alloys industry and how do you see in 
the medium-term whether these EBITDA margins are sustainable or what is the sustainable 
EBITDA margin in medium and long-term perspective. 
I would say that even our EBITDA margin if you look at the last quarter and this quarter 
was more or less in line with what you have mentioned. Going forward to Q4 given that we 
have sold most of our production already you can expect the same trend to continue into Q4 
as well. Now if you look at the medium-term there are a couple of drivers which point to 
the fact that steel demand is going to remain robust, one being the steel policy of India set 
out by the Central Government envisages that the steel production from the current 120 
million to increase to 300 million metric tons by 2030. Now this is not something that is 
just on paper we see this actually playing out on the ground most of our large customers 
from India are either have taken up expansions or the expanded units are running into 
Page 10 of 11 

Ankit Sonthalia: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Ankit Son thalia: 
Moderator: 
Ashwin Devineni: 
Moderator: 
Nava Bharat Ventures Limited 
January 28, 2022 
operations. Secondly, 
we are finding a strong resurgence in the automotive and 
construction sector not only in India but worldwide and given these various factors we feel 
that the steel prices in the medium-term are more or less going to remain intact. 
Got it thank you and one last question like, we are in Ferro Alloys we are into mining, 
power etc. but I could not understand the rationale behind getting into healthcare in 
Singapore and Malaysia. So if you can just tell us the reason behind getting into this 
business, which is totally different from what we have been doing and in a different region. 
Yes, so I think as a Company we are in very, very capital intensive verticals such as Ferro 
Alloys, power, where we invest a lot of money and in fact with the power it is very fairly 
government dependent and so on. So we thought while we continue those operations and 
expand in those operations we would like to kind of plant seeds progressive sectors and 
other forward looking sectors such as healthcare. If you look at our health care investment 
it is very, very minimal and we are not really too active on the management side of things it 
runs by its own and it is doing fairly well right now. So while we continue to concentrate 
our attention on our main verticals which is power, mining, Ferro Alloys and we are always 
looking at other sectors that could be pretty big in the future. Now one being healthcare the 
second also being agriculture and so on. 
Got it. Thanks. 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for 
the closing comments. 
Yes, thank you everyone very much for your participation on this call. I hope we have 
addressed all the queries adequately and if there are any questions or clarifications that 
remain unanswered, please feel free to get back to us and we would be happy to provide 
answers on a wider investor platform. Thank you all once again. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
Page 11 of 11 
