8th February, 2022 
1.
Corporate Relationship Department
BSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400001.
2.
Manager – Listing
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400051.
Sub.: Q3 FY 2021-22 Financial Results Conference Call – Transcript 
Ref.: 1.  Regulation 30(6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
2. Scrip Codes : BSE - 500165, NSE - KANSAINER
Dear Sirs, 
This refers to the intimation done by the Company on 1st February, 2022 with regard to the 
conference call to be hosted by the Management of our Company to discuss Q3 FY 2021-22 
Financial Results of the Company, and intimation done on 2nd February, 2022 wherein an 
Investor Presentation was enclosed for the same. 
The Conference call was hosted by the Management of our Company on 
Friday, 4th February, 2022 at 11:00 a.m. (IST) and we are enclosing herewith the transcript 
of the Conference call for your information and reference. 
For KANSAI NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
G. T. GOVINDARAJAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Page 1 of 22
[( KANSAI 
PAINT 
NEROLAC 
KANSAI NEROLAC PAINTS LTD. 
Nerolac House, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg. Lower Parel. Mumbai - 400 013. Tel: +91 22 2499 2500 I www.nerolac.com 
CIN: L24202MH1920PLC000825 

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 04, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ JAIN - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – KANSAI 
NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT PAI - DIRECTOR (FINANCE) - KANSAI 
NEROLAC PAINTS LIMITED 
MR. JASON GONSALVES – DIRECTOR - CORPORATE 
PLANNING, IT & MATERIALS - KANSAI NEROLAC 
PAINTS LIMITED 
Page 2 of 22
K ~JlSAI NEROLAC 
K ~JlSAI NEROLAC 
O,c,c, Securities 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY2022 earnings conference call of 
Kansai Nerolac Paints hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks Margaret. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q3 FY2022 and 
nine months FY2022 results Conference Call of Kansai Nerolac Paints. We have with us 
the senior management team of the company represented by Mr. Anuj Jain - Executive 
Director; Mr. Prashant Pai - Director Finance and Mr. Jason Gonsalves – Director 
Corproate Planning, IT & Materials. Now I hand over the call to the management for the 
initial comments on the quarterly performance and then we will open the floor for question 
and answer session. Thanks and over to you Sir! 
Anuj Jain: 
Thank you so much. Good morning everyone. Greetings to all of you, since this is the first 
meeting for this year so happy 2022 to all of you and welcome to this Kansai Nerolac 
investor call for Q3 of 2021-2022. 
 
During third quarter our topline growth was around 13.1%, quarter continued to witness 
inflationary pressures along with volatility in crude and exchange rates. Overall inflation 
has been unprecedented which we have been talking in the earlier quarters also and the 
situation has not eased. In view of the situation we continue our approach of balance 
between topline and bottomline. 
 
Just to give you some highlights related to our business vertical industrial, the automotive 
growth was hardly marginal. In passenger vehicle though there was a demand recovery but 
the demands could not be serviced due to continued shortage of semiconductor. Two 
wheeler segment remains subdued mainly because of rural stress and there the demand was 
lower. Commercial vehicle was better but tractor segment was sluggish. In terms of our 
focus we have been focusing on technology which basically gives environment and 
efficiency benefits to our customers apart from finish so to say that we have been working 
on from the conventional solid system to medium solid system so that is what we have been 
concentrating upon. In the area of non-auto industrial business which we call performance 
coatings where we have taken a direction of shifting our mix from lower end to high 
technology products, so there also there are lot of epoxies the inflation has been so high and 
the margins are very, very low so that is the focus we wanted to take our technological 
advantage into that area also. Some of the achievements are like in performance coatings we 
are now approved supplier of trans harbour link and coastal freeway for our C5 system. C5 
Page 3 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 21 
is basically a fluoropolymer based system which gives the life of 15 to 30 years on the steel 
structure. In coil coating where we made entry few years back and we were supplying only 
to the roofing system and that was also not a good profitable area. Now we have got 
approval from the appliances so all of you must be knowing that we are quite strong in the 
appliances through our outer coating system and now we have got the approvals and started 
supplying in the appliance because as the product requirement is very, very specific it is like 
360 degree sheet which need to be bent we are able to develop that product and get the 
approval on that. In powder coating also the focus is towards the premium category and one 
of the achievement is that we have started supplying to one of leading construction 
equipment companies who has set up the fastest robotic line, no manual intervention at all 
and we have developed customized specific products and the products are approved. In this 
area again in home and warehouse where we are strong player that comes for our external 
coating where we have got approval for the internal letters also and we have been working 
with our customers in the entire auto and non-auto areas related to inflation and price 
increase which we discussed earlier also and now we are able to get average 80% increase 
in industrial segment. When it comes to decorative the volume growth is high single digit, 
value growth is double digit. Demand was better in urban town, lower in the upcountry so 
to get an extended contrast if we compare with the last year where the demand was better 
from upcountry town. Some of the key actions what we have done in decorative we 
continued our focus on differentiated product. We approach what we have taken is a 
problem solution approach. The first product which we introduced in that area was Beauty 
Gold Washable which is now present across the country so this product is a good finish 
with the washability and that is our problem and solation approach.  We introduced Mica 
Marble stretch machine, which is again a good finished product along with the no crack 
property because that one area identified as a consumer need which was still not serviced 
and that is the solution what we have provided and this product is being expanded to gather 
market. We also introduced one rapid set product in the range of our construction chemical, 
so typically in the areas where the winter the temperature goes down to zero degree or one 
degree and during those days when the construction activity is happening the setting time of 
concrete and thee cement goes up from 6 hours to 12 hours. With the rapid set which is like 
add mixture which goes into concrete and cement the setting time is reduced to the original 
level of 5 to 6 hours, so that product is also introduced. We also introduced ceiling emulsion 
in the market and we also announced the launch of Nerolac Impression Kashmir which is 
getting into the market now. This product is Impression Kashmir and why it is called 
Impression Kashmir because good combination of beauty and purity so it is anti-bacteria, 
antiviral. Generally there are products which are launched in the exterior for the third 
pickup but this has a third pickup property in the interior so normally in the interior when 
you do cleaning and there is lot of dirt which goes and get settled on the wall so this product 
has the capability to resist this. So some of these are highlights of the new product and 
because of these reasons our new product contribution is going up consistently and this is 
helping us increasing salience of emulsions also, so while emulsions salience has gone up. 
Page 4 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 21 
Within the emulsion the growth in super premium category, so we divide our categories 
now into supper premium, premium and popular and in the super premium category the 
growth has been higher so that is also a good sign and I think that is getting reflected from 
whatever data we read that this a key phase of recovery and in the premium segment I think 
the story is good and intact. There are more products in pipeline in the coming quarter that 
is a part of our strategy that good problem solution approach product we should be 
introducing. Also what we have done is we have increased our activity on the painter 
engagement. We have introduced the Pragati app for the painter and who are doing 
migration on the manual disbursement to the digital disbursement so it is gradually picking 
up quarter-on-quarter basis it is picking up. Our objective was to have full settlement of 
incentives because we do offer loyalty bonuses and incentives to the painter and generally 
the disbursement used to take a longer period of time and now with this introduction we are 
able to give the disbursement in two hours time which is the quickest probably that what 
painter is getting now. This is for the big painters also for the small painters who get the 
incentive disbursement through the dealers, there also we have provided facility on our 
Saathi app which is meant for our customers, dealers, and through that even those dealers 
are able to get the disbursement within 24 hours signed and therefore they are able to 
disburse to the smaller painters also with a good speed. Distribution increase continues to 
be in double digit, it is a direct increase in the distribution, which is a double digit and 
project business because this year maybe last year this was impacted in the metro cities and 
there was a pent up demand in the projects that pent up demand has come back in this year. 
Earlier we were not doing good or so strong in project business but it has picked up for us 
in Q3. In new businesses I think we have introduced the range which is required by the 
market whether it is construction chemical or wood finishes so in most of these products 
apps are already filled and we have already caught up with the market growth though on the 
low base and our salience remain low, but we have caught up with the market growth. 
Overall salience of the new business is also going up and in decorative also we have taken 
our price increase which is more than 20% in YTD level, most of the increase was taken in 
the third quarter and third quarter also it was towards the later part of the third quarter. So 
focus integrity continues on paint part because we had lot of new businesses definitely 
added, so in the new businesses we are primarily focused on city and wood, but paint, the 
new emulsion, distribution that remains our focus.  Subsidiaries, all subsidiaries did well 
barring Nepal where there was impact of COVID in the last quarter and where the growth 
was negative, but otherwise all other subsidies have done well in terms of topline growth.  
Bottomline there was a stress in all subsidiaries because of the inflation and the story what 
is there in India was true for other subsidiaries also where the price increase is taken but the 
weighted impact so far is low and maybe going forward it will get reflected. Some of the 
other highlights are like the product mix is better, material cost production initiatives 
continue and our judicious overhead management in fact our continued focus on that 
remains. 
Page 5 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
We are great place to work certified for 2021. We have taken several digital initiatives 
across customer facing and the backend for the purpose of enhancing our efficiencies and 
process adherence which would definitely help in the long run. When it comes to our 
employees more than 96% are vaccinated fully and all operations are normal. There are 
certain supply chain logistics challenges, but we are able to manage that and we have 
ensured that our customer supplies are not interrupted because of any supply chain issues. 
Also on of the good highlight is that KNP is rated in the top quartile of S&P ESG index in 
CSA 2021. Also we are retaining top quartile in manufacturing space and number one in 
paint sector by CRISIL in ESG Companion, so it is a good news for us. 
 
Coming to financials in Q3 in terms of EBITDA there is a degrowth of 28.5% and for the 
PAT degrowth of 34.5% and on the nine month basis in terms of EBITDA it is 11.4% down 
and PAT is 13% down, so these are some of the highlights. For Q4 four outlook January 
and February that because of the third wave though impact seems to be limited the numbers 
are coming down and February first half we expected that maybe the demand could have 
some impact on that, but that could be for the limited period.  In the industrial segment the 
shortage of semiconductor continues and because any of the additional capacities which are 
getting created is a little long-term so that problem may continue maybe to some extent it 
will get mitigated, but that may continue so that is the situation. Inflation continues to still 
rise, so there is no ease in inflation and especially in the industrial area we still see that on 
month-on-month basis, quarter-on-quarter basis the inflation is still going high and 
therefore the pricing is what we have taken is still not able to mitigate the inflation. We 
need to go for more price increase and that is how we see that we are able to make a 
progress in the coming quarter. So this is from my side and now we welcome the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Thanks for this opportunity. Sir I wanted to understand the price increase impact across 
decorative and industrial, now after this 21% increase which was taken in December crude 
has also moved up, I would like to hear your thoughts on whether we need more prices 
increase in decorative and the second question which is linked is industrial the difference in 
prices increase is only about 3% or so decorative is 21, industrial is about 18, would that 
additional 3% be enough for industrial margins also to come back to normal or the cost 
inflation basket is relatively different and hence there is much higher need which will come 
and by when do you expect that? 
Anuj Jain: 
So in decorative the 21% price increase as of now probably has mitigated the inflation and 
generally what happens like the crude prices are going on but we are more dependent on the 
crude derivatives and there is always a lag so as of now in the near short term we feel that 
this price increase is sufficient in decorative, but industrial there is a big gap the inflation is 
Page 6 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 21 
very, very high. The material inflation is higher than the consumption inflation what we 
have seen in the last quarter and therefore the need of the price increase is further higher 
and as I said in industrial because most of the products are in the solvent category the 
inflation is further going up on a month-to-month basis so there the price increase 
requirement is definitely there and accordingly we are pursuing our customers though we 
have taken a good increase but I think we are pursuing our customers and we have to wait 
and watch that how and when we are able to get it. 
Avi Mehta: 
In that if I may just followup it is fair to argue that all your initiatives, the non-auto is where 
the return to normalcy should be faster than the auto because you did highlight that auto 
semiconductor issue? 
Anuj Jain: 
In non-auto if you are talking about the topline demand the normalcy is faster because in 
auto the demand is not much issue, issue is related to supply chain logistics while in non-
auto that issue is not there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Amnish Agarwal from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead.  
Amnish Agarwal: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is I may have missed what is the volume 
growth in your decorative and non-decorative in this quarter? 
Anuj Jain: 
Volume growth as I said in decorative is high single digits and in the other segments the 
growth is lower. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
Of course so Sir in that context only if I look at some of the peers in this quarter your 
overall demand scenario was quite good, even most of the quarter was normal so any 
particular reason that our volume growth is lower than the peers say from not only this 
quarter say from the past many quarters, say last one to two years? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes. There are like two things I would say, one is that it all depends on the mix, market 
mix, business mix, so one factor is like we said new businesses where we were lazy starter. 
As we have caught up with the growth but our salience is low, so on the higher salience that 
if they are still getting the good growth in the market that is one advantage. The other is that 
traditionally our strong markets are the upcountry market, you can say rural or upcountry 
market and we are not so strong in the urban markets. So this year if we see the growth in 
the other market is quite higher if we compare with the upcountry market, so that is also a 
disadvantage we have. Third is because as we said our approach of striking a balance 
between topline and bottomline, we have not been much focused on the economic segment 
and there also the difference is there, so these are some of the reasons but having said that 
maybe we have done better. 
Page 7 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Amnish Agarwal: 
As you said in the economy segment Kansai has been weaker but how has been the trend in 
the last two to three years, say Soldier or some of the other products which we launched, so 
are we trying to bridge the gap and how far we have been successful in that? 
 Anuj Jain: 
Soldier has done good in fact we have been able to establish a good additional distribution 
structure through Soldier and we started with the economic bit, but in Soldier also we have 
started moving up now and the attempt is to see that how do we upgrade, so having 
established a distribution there also the story is about upgradation and the growth from the 
higher range of the product is something which we are trying to gain better than the 
economy range. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
My second question is on the margins because our margins are multi-year low so would it 
be fair to presume that the margins are bottomed out? 
Anuj Jain: 
As I said that again in our case because we are a very good blend of decorative and 
industrial and quarter-on-quarter basis that mix also changes, so there are like festival 
periods where the decorative salience goes up then other period the salience of industrial  
goes up and in industrial the volatility or the inflation is still going up, so I would say that in 
decorative probably what you are saying is yes because no one knows about the future but 
as of now we can say yes, but industrial I think the situation still continues to be going up. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
Okay so that is pretty helpful. Just one bookkeeping kind of a question in our results there is 
a notes to the accounts which is a fixed number and it states that there were some trade 
deposits which were written back of 34 Crores and 41 Crores in three months and nine 
months and there is some incentive which has been you can say written back so can you 
throw some more light on these two transactions? 
Prashant Pai: 
So you must be aware that we have got machines which are placed in the market which 
virtually goes free of cost but generally what happens is as some trade deposit is taken 
against that and that is returned to the dealers provided they complete their targets, now 
these write back is pertained to such dealers who have not completed their targets. Now if 
you look at other companies normally they do year-on-year basis we had deferred this write 
back for some time so that is what we have taken this and connected to be in line with the 
peers. As far as the second incentive what you are seeing in the note is the incentive from 
the state government. Now we have our plant in Lote where there is some incentive 
available towards expansion so that is that incentive which we got and that is not a write 
back it is actually approval given by the state government which of 9.8 Crores which we 
have got it. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
The second one seems to be related to some GST, etc. 
Page 8 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Prashant Pai: 
Whatever investment you do that in plant and whenever you make sale from that plant that 
SGST collected against that is allowed as a refund. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
So i think this will be a recurring item going forward then? 
Prashant Pai: 
It is not a big amount, the total sanction we got part sanction now another sanction is 
expected maybe in the next six months. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
Okay but this is not something which will recur for say next four or five years? 
Prashant Pai: 
No. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
Regarding the first part of your trade deposit on the tinting machines basically so which 
now you have taken that now what will happen for example if those dealers if their deposits 
have been taken by the company so will they go out of the system or can they you can say 
take some action against the company, anything on that front? 
Prashant Pai: 
No nothing of that sort because this money belongs to the company. See as I told you they 
have not completed their targets and which is they are aware and there is a clear cut 
understanding if their target is completed, the amount is forfeited, part of the agreement. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
On how many tinting machines this amount has been forfeited or how many dealers if you 
can share? 
Prashant Pai: 
It is small amount, big amounts, all put together it is number of machines. See it is acquired 
over a period of four to five years that is what has been credited. 
Amnish Agarwal: 
Thanks a lot Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sorry Sir my line got dropped. I just wanted to kind of check on that industrial part again 
just a followup on that, would it be fair to say that the non-autos is where you expect a 
faster recovery in gross margins and autos will come with a lag given because you pointed 
towards chip shortage issues likely to take some time? 
Anuj Jain: 
So in terms of demand it is yes, but in terms of inflation as I said industrial whether it is 
auto or non-auto there the inflation continued to increase so in terms of margin we will have 
to wait and watch because the inflation is still higher. 
Page 9 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir I know it is little bit of crystal ball gazing, but by when do you expect things to start 
normalizing on the margin front. I understand it is not something that will be hold on to but 
your expectation would be better than ours. 
Anuj Jain: 
It is very difficult. We do not know what is going to happen so it is very difficult to 
comment on that. 
Prashant Pai: 
Our guess is as good as your guess. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay Sir that is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Purohit: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Just one thing, on the distribution expansion you said the 
double digit growth in distribution, can you help us with the count and second I mean is the 
strategy is to get into new markets or existing market where the salience of the new 
expansion is higher. 
Anuj Jain: 
I did not get your second question. 
Amit Purohit: 
Where is the salience of the expansion higher, whether it is in our existing strong markets or 
into new markets? 
Anuj Jain: 
So the distribution, when we say 10% because our distribution was around 27 to 28,000 
over the year as of now we have the activities in December, so over a year it is 10% 
increase on that particular base and it is across. In fact the growth in our weaker market is 
slightly higher, which is south and west. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir P. Shah from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Thank you for taking my questions. Sir I just wanted to hear your thoughts, are you seeing 
any impact of the sharp price increases that you have taken in decorative especially in the 
bottom of the pyramid segment because you have also shifted your strategy towards 
focusing on the premium end, while two different questions but if you can share both, throw 
some light on both of these basically? 
Anuj Jain: 
Logically if we speak about what we keep reading and when we look at the case K-shaped 
recovery and I think there is a lot of data which is floating which stays in the higher end the 
Page 10 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 21 
income has gone up in the COVID period, while the lower end there is definitely a dent on 
the pocket of the population, so from that logic there should be some reduction in the 
demand in the economic category, but having said that in paint probably does not get 
reflected so much because the penetration is lower so if you look at FMCG as staples where 
the penetration is very high so there will be a direct implication of this kind of thing. While 
in paint because the penetration is lower and even if there is some increase in the 
penetration that compensate the dent on the demand, but otherwise we do feel that there 
should be impact on the economic demand. In the premium category the story remains 
intact and there in fact we feel that the growth will be better. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood, so there is no real reason or interplay for shift in strategy because of this or you 
have consciously shifted because you are expecting demand to be impacted going forward 
or you are seeing some signs of that basically? 
Anuj Jain: 
Here also we discussed that we have worked on the new strategy where definitely we are 
putting more focus on emulsions and this kind of premium products.  It does not mean that 
our focus will go away from the economy, but you know that the aggression in terms of 
growth would be on this kind of category and for this year as we said because of this reason 
the growth in the market is also expected to do better but it is a long-term strategy and 
whenever the growth in the economy category comes back, anyway we have the range 
available, so depending on the market response those things will vary, but our area of focus 
would be into the premium range of products. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood, the reason why I am probing on this Sir is that earlier also two years back we 
probably entered the economy segment quite late after seeing the growth at a industry level 
was far higher in that place and then we had lost some kind of demand because of that so 
again while we always wanted to focus on premium end we had to shift strategies two years 
back because of the shift in industry and again we are shifting the strategy back to premium, 
so I just wanted to check on that but okay I will take this. The other question I wanted to 
just check with you can one assume some of the future demand has been preponed as 
individuals were sitting at home and painting is a planned activity so when they thought that 
they will start going back to offices let us get any kind of work done and demand can 
probably see some kind of a moderation going forward as opening up happens so your 
thoughts on this point? 
Anuj Jain: 
So just too quickly respond to your earlier question also. It is not a shift in this strategy, it is 
not that gradually we are changing that, what happens is that we are a national player and 
the entire range player so therefore we are there in the entire range. What we have done 
with Soldier is that we have created a base, we have created a right distribution, now once 
you have created a base thereafter you can decide that every year that how much aggression 
you want to showcase on that in terms of the growth, otherwise the base is already created 
Page 11 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 21 
and typically in today’s scenario where the inflations are high the market growth is higher 
on the premium segment and also when there is a stress on the margin related inflation I 
think it makes sense to go a little more aggressive on the premium kind of thing, otherwise 
in the normal situation if the situation comes back to the normal one has the leverage to see 
that both the categories because at the end of the day in the premium category you do invest 
more in terms of marketing activities while in the other categories it is more of expansion of 
the distribution which is team related expansion of the distribution so that is the difference 
in these two kind of things and therefore some kind of modifications depending on the 
market situation is what we look at, so that is the first part. The second part that we have no 
insight like what you are saying that the demand is preponed. We only feel that whenever 
this COVID impact and maybe to some extent the painting activity gets deferred and then in 
the coming months or the coming quarters it will generally come back, so we have no 
understanding as of now. Then there is a new preponement because of people spending a lot 
of time that is the change in the behavior we can say because people spending a lot of time 
at home, so they are becoming more conscious in terms of doing painting or doing a better 
painting that is the implication of that. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood, if I can turn the question a bit how much of pent-up demand do you think has 
been addressed or satiated, any insights on that any research that throws up on this insight 
Sir? 
Anuj Jain: 
Really the numbers is difficult to comment upon that but one can only say that whatever 
demand was there I think that is catered and maybe some drop which is the last part of the 
December or January that may get addressed in the coming months because as the situation 
improves. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it understood and lastly on other expenses of line item in the P&L so they would have 
taken a lot of cost initiatives during the pandemic and maybe certain other costs that you 
were getting postponed or deferred, not so like for example travel and so on, can one 
assume most of the cost is back and this is like a normal steady state expense run rate that 
will continue? 
Anuj Jain: 
You can say that but just like travel and all still was not the complete year to that extent. 
You may find area like travel, business travel that may still go up in the coming period. 
Mihir Shah: 
What we saw in the third quarter is what I am trying to ask. Got it. Thank you. That is all 
from my side Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur Haresh Pandya from ICICI 
Prudential Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Page 12 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Keyur Haresh Pandya: 
Thank you. Sir three specific questions. Let me take one by one, so first is as you mentioned 
that one of the reasons why our volume growth is lower than industry peer is because our 
focus is more on say premium and super premium and not so on say economy segment that 
impacts our volume growth, but should not that positively impact our gross margins versus 
peers our mix is getting better so just your thought on this equation? 
Anuj Jain: 
I think you see some kind of improvement on the sequential basis that is one. Second what 
is happening is as I said in the premium category also there are a lot of new introduction of 
the products, so typically if you see that earlier market was there with this smooth finish, 
now there are sheen and glossy finishes. On the unit basis the margins are good, but in 
terms of percentage if you look at some of these new categories which are coming up, in 
terms of percentages that could be lower so that is how the situation is. 
Keyur Haresh Pandya: 
The second question is on automotive volumes so at least from the auto players the 
commentary is coming that sequentially the situation is improving say month after month if 
not say this quarter versus last year this quarter or in any period so rather than year over 
year sequentially situation is improving do you have a different view from that and what 
kind of indication you are getting from our clients? 
Anuj Jain: 
I think sequentially yes because obviously they are able to manage it better now. The 
capacity constraints of semiconductor they are able to manage it better so I think we agree 
with the view that sequentially it is better. 
Keyur Haresh Pandya: 
Okay so when you say normalization will take time, so you are comparing with a specific 
year or a specific period? 
Anuj Jain: 
We are comparing like what we keep hearing is that demand versus the supply, so there is 
still a gap because if you look at the passenger vehicle, the booking period is still quite large 
and also the availability of the semiconductor is still not enough because I think they are 
dependent on the additional capacity which is getting created which generally takes about 
two to two-and-a-half years of period, so as of now one-and-a-half years have passed so to 
some extent the supplies are improved, but it is not back to completely normal and therefore 
we feel that it will take some more time to come back to their natural demand and that they 
are able to service the demand. 
Keyur Haresh Pandya: 
Okay understood. Sir third question is on client additions or our client list in electric 
vehicles either four wheelers or two wheelers, all the emerging players so what is our 
penetration in the electric vehicles both two wheeler and four wheeler are we present there? 
Page 13 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes, yes. So mostly in the electrical vehicles that most of the companies do not have their 
in-house paint shop and therefore they are getting it painted through the ancillaries and most 
of these ancillaries we are present. 
Keyur Haresh Pandya: 
Both two wheelers and four wheelers? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes, both. 
Keyur Haresh Pandya: 
Okay thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chanchal Khandelwal from Aditya Birla 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Firstly what is the cut in the advertisement expenditure you 
have done in the first nine months? 
Anuj Jain: 
There is no cut. There is some increase in the advertisement. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Sure. Given the context where the competition is going to heat up on the decorative basis 
Grasim which is coming there are two more players were planning to enter this how do you 
feel your market share has been in decorative and what are the steps you are doing to further 
increase the market share, any thoughts on this line? 
Anuj Jain: 
Decorative is as I think I mentioned in one of the question earlier also that the approach 
what we are taking is problem-solution approach to there is an extent the starting point is 
the product and our focus has been introducing differentiated products, which we started 
with one, two and now we are there with three and four products and more products in 
pipeline that is first part. The second part is in terms of our marketing we are doing 
activities around consumer and activities around painter because when it comes to 
decorative painting one side is a consumer, the other side is painter, and some of the 
initiatives which we have taken which I earlier spoke about so that would be area of focus 
and third part is the distribution because the more distribution you have, more accessibility 
you have with the customers. So we have a large infrastructure, more than 100 sales offices, 
warehouses, and therefore we can cater to a larger number of distribution through that and 
the distribution for getting more distribution obviously you have to ensure that how fast you 
are able to liquidate your material from the dealer shop and therefore for getting that 
extraction from the counter you need to work on the demand generation, which is related to 
a painter because painter also plays a big role and it is also related to a demand for the 
consumer, so these are some of the activities which we are working upon in a disciplined 
manner and therefore we feel that we must continue to work on this particular strategy and 
Page 14 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 21 
as we keep getting results in terms of increasing demand and getting the distribution 
numbers in place we would be able to achieve our object. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
On the first point, on the product basket which you are trying to increase, do you have putty 
and construction chemical that is one basket which others are trying to do and also on the 
distribution of enhancement which you spoke about, the number one player spoke about 
adding almost 45,000 distributors in last 18 months, he has added hardware dealer or paint 
dealer he has gone very aggressive given that competition is heating up why not we also go 
in aggressive manner in terms of distribution expansion? 
Anuj Jain: 
Your first question is putty. Yes we have putty and that is a part of our economy segment 
where we have not been aggressive as of now because of the current situation. Construction 
chemical, yes we started and we have caught up with the market growth the entire range is 
introduced in the market and we are getting a good response we are making a good growth 
in construction chemical. On distribution what I spoke, double digit growth of the direct 
distribution there is no indirect distribution here and what you are comparing is with the 
direct and indirect distribution so there are a lot of new businesses which are added in 
construction chemical, adhesives where there is a lot of indirect distribution, so as of now I 
am not talking about those numbers. When I say double digit direct distribution growth you 
can say that better than the market growth of the increase in the entire distribution. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Just lastly there was an article in the media which said that you are planning to buy an 
office space any capital commitment you are doing for the office space and any plan to sell 
the office location which we currently have? 
Prashant Pai: 
So this office space we have purchased yes we will be moving out maybe in the six months. 
Right now there is no plan to anything on this current place where we are. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
So if you are moving out of the office place this land becomes vacant right if I am reading it 
right? 
Prashant Pai: 
Because what has happened due to this new working norm a lot of space is vacant here, so 
we wanted to shift to a place where we can accommodate the number of people who will be 
attending in a smaller place, so that is what we are taking. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Yes, but this office space you may sale it some point in time is what I am just trying to 
understand? 
Prashant Pai: 
No plan. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Page 15 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My question is that if we assume that over the next two months the price of your products 
as well as the input prices remains constant at today’s rate in that scenario will the Q4 gross 
margin be higher or lower than the Q3 gross margin? 
Anuj Jain: 
I hope what you said is right, but it is not the reality so even in the month of January we are 
seeing a higher inflation. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes but you would also be taking price increases right? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes but generally what happens is there is always a lag because you are always carrying an 
inventory which is a higher price inventory so that impact also will be there. 
Percy Panthaki: 
The other thing is that some price increases that you would have taken in Q3 would not 
have fully affected Q3, but they will fully affect Q4 so therefore just trying to understand 
that in Q4 do you expect the gross margins to sort of recover from the Q3 levels or do you 
think there is some further downside? 
Anuj Jain: 
So two, three points. See one is as I said earlier also that quarter-on-quarter basis there is a 
mix change, since we have a very good mix of industrial and decorative and October to 
December generally what happens because of the festival period the contribution of 
decorative is higher which in the coming quarter the contribution of decorative is lower so 
that can affect because the margins are higher in decorative if you compare with the 
industrial. The second point is what you have said is right that whatever price increase we 
have taken that was factored partly in the last quarter, partly it will get factored in the 
coming quarter, but the new point which is related to a mixed chain and also the further 
higher inflation will have some impact. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Basically there is a possibility that Q4 gross margins may be on the lower side compared to 
Q3 right am I reading that correctly? 
Anuj Jain: 
I just said what is the reality you can read whatever you want to read out of it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
In terms of your distribution expansion, etc., just wanted to understand are you sort of 
expanding and I am sure that you are doing both but I want to understand where sort of the 
focus is a little higher, are you expanding more in your already markets where you are 
strong or are you expanding sort of relatively in markets where your market share is 
relatively weak as far as the distribution expansion is concerned? 
Page 16 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Anuj Jain: 
Distribution the objective is always state basis because generally you look at what is your 
numerical reach and what is your weighted reach and even if say in the stronger market 
your X percent is of numerical or weighted reach and we have a target of X plus something, 
so accordingly that we will decide that maybe we want to add for example 100 dealers 
there, but when it goes to the weaker market there may be the increase in terms of number 
of dealers could be little higher, but in the weaker market we always look at the quality 
dealers which means the weighted reach, while in the stronger market that where our market 
share is strong we go for the numerical reach, so in terms of number of dealers you may still 
find that they are little higher in the stronger market because of the numerical reach while in 
the weaker market we look at the weighted reach so numbers could be lower but the impact 
is higher. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right, so what I would do Sir is not look at the absolute number of dealers added but the 
percentage of addition so obviously your base is larger in your strong market so on that 
higher base also you think the percentage addition would be higher than the weaker market? 
Anuj Jain: 
Yes, yes it will be higher than the weaker market. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay understood. That is all from me. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from ICICI Prudential 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
My question is that what are the important initiatives you have taken in the last three years 
and which has actually resulted in success, it could be on across various front, it could be 
operational or it could be getting into new segments while there is always business as usual 
like appointing distributors, etc., what are the top two or three important initiatives which 
you actually taken with the long-term mindset in the last two to three years? 
Anuj Jain: 
The first part is in the area of technology and service where we are continuously working to 
get some advantage in terms of providing a product which are very, very different, 
understanding the problem in B2B and B2C and how we can provide a better solution to 
that because technology is our strength, enhancing the services level because for the long 
run it is very, very important. To give you example that if you see last two to three years the 
number of products have really gone up in decorative, earlier there used to be one finish, 
now there are multiple finishes in mat, semi-gloss, sheen, different variants are coming and 
typically if you find that dealers have a limited space, warehouse, majority of the dealers 
will not be able to expand, especially in the bigger town they will not be able to expand 
their space, so therefore the service requirement goes up so this is one area of initiation 
where we are continuously improving on that particular side. The second part is ensuring 
that our customer satisfaction index is improving, which is also related to services or 
Page 17 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 21 
settling the dues, those kind of things, so that is another area and from there it goes as I said 
demand generation because if you are dealing with the customers for them especially in the 
decorative area what is important is their return on investment, so how much demand you 
are able to generate, which is a function of how do you increase the demand from 
consumer. Fortunately for consumer in fact our brand is quite strong we have a very strong 
mind share, so as of now what we are working on the painter activities, painter engagement 
where we are able to convert the demand into the conversion area, so this is related to our 
B2C and in B2B our strong forte always has been technology, service, and capability to 
ensure that whatever product we supply online that is completely okay at the line because 
different line conditions have a different kind of limit conditions, climatic conditions, and 
therefore there is always a challenge how the product is working at the line, so that kind of 
service network we already have in place where we have the capability to see that line 
functions smoothly, so these are the areas which we have worked upon. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Sir on the B2C right, any drastically different approach you have taken to increase your 
reach it could be not just a number in terms of expansion but something which you have 
actually changed the way in which you looked at say five years back and now? 
Anuj Jain: 
One point is product because product is always a starting story, so slowly if you look at say 
five years back maybe all companies, all products have similar price point which is not the 
situation now. There are many products where there is a complete differentiation in terms of 
the proposition and in terms of the pricing that is first part. The second part is the channel, if 
you compare in the last five years, the channel was a regular channel, hardware channel or 
paint channel, where the typical approach is that somebody goes whether it is a painter or 
customer you go and buy the product. Now the change is that there are segmentations which 
are happening within the channel and there is a new generation coming of the dealers and 
they are not really comfortable with the old kind of setup, so therefore there is initiative in 
terms of ensuring we have a preferred partner model and every year we are adding numbers 
and going forward we just want to add more numbers on that. The third part is that the 
painters, where painters get attached to the dealer and the painter also look at what kind of 
demand generation or the additional leads can happen, so there is an initiative around digital 
marketing where you generate the lead and ensure that, that lead gets connected with the 
painter and the dealer so it is like entire process which is going through a transformation or 
a change process and that is what we are seeing and that is what is being done because all 
this digital initiatives along with the physical model, the connectivity of that is making the 
differentiation, so processes are getting changed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 18 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
I think one of the views or there is a common view on the street that Nerolac decorative 
paints business gets impacted when industrial coatings business goes through a challenging 
phase, I have not tried the previous cycles, but when I look at the past two or three years I 
noticed that since the time auto slowdown commenced in CY20 and CY21 there was a 
sharp cut in advertising spends, so if I look at CY19 BARC that maybe Nerolac’s media 
spends were comparable to Berger, today when I look at CY20 same BARC data it 
indicates that you are spending a fraction of what you are spending in CY19 and today 
perhaps those media spends would be much lower than the number two player and again 
when I look at growth rates also I think there is some evident market share loss, so is this 
assessment correct that there is an effect of weakness of industrial or challenges of 
industrial on decorative at organization level in terms of the budgets the way you plan about 
growth? 
Anuj Jain: 
I will tell you in two to three parts, so one is typically what happens is that if we look at the 
paint purchase cycle and how it works, so first is the mind share and then you try to convert 
that mind share into the market share or the market sale, so when you look at the period 
what we are talking about, yes we have spent higher in terms of advertising or increasing 
the consumer demand and once you reach to a particular mind share and if that mind share 
that is good then you try to bridge the gap between the market share and the mind share and 
that gap can be bridged with when the conversion happens at the distribution end and the 
painter end and therefore in that situation your focus shifts to operating the further mind 
share ensuring the conversion part so to that extent that we have reduced in terms of 
advertising and spent more in terms of painter creation or distribution creation that is first 
answer. Second is that maybe last two years also the advertising got impacted because of 
the COVID reasons because for four months, five months, six months there was no point of 
advertising to that extent also it has come down and even in this year if you see maybe we 
have cut down on the advertising because for large amount of months we felt that it may not 
be necessary and therefore what we spent is more on the market activations, local market 
activation especially related to a demand generation through the painter and dealer part and 
third part what you are saying is as I said that depending on the situation some kind of 
balance between the topline and bottomline one has to do, but as I said more in the area of 
economy range of products because these are like commodities, basically you give more 
incentives and then you can get more sale so there even if you have a short-term loss in 
sales it is not something which you cannot try to get back, more important is emulsions 
which is definitely consumer oriented and there if you are able to maintain your sale and 
able to increase your salience that is something which is long term. In the economic 
category one can always modify the approach depending on the situation. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Understood this is helpful and as you think about your business from the next two to three 
players perspective do you intend to compete across the segments or you are increasingly 
going to position yourself or focus more only at the premium end of the portfolio? 
Page 19 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Anuj Jain: 
Generally you see what happens, the advantage is what distribution and then therefore 
whatever distribution demand you have to provide the entire range and we are entire range 
players, so therefore that availability of the entire range would be there but when it still 
comes to the focus, obviously the focus is never on the entire category, the other categories 
move with the focus category, so there in fact we will be very, very focused on few 
categories of product I will not take the name but few categories of product but they are 
obviously as a part of the emulsion, so the product which has a differentiated propositions at 
a differentiated price point, there we would be spending more of our resources in terms of 
providing focus on those products and other products get tagged along with that. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Unlike the market leader who has not taken a very conscious call over the past two to three 
years to aggressively sell putty, economy emulsions, construction chemicals, even 
something else sort of Rs.10 per kg price, tile adhesive so you are clearly not going in that 
direction that is the right understanding correct? 
Anuj Jain: 
In terms of range availability all these ranges are available with us. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
You do not want to sort of just capture revenues or volumes by aggressively pushing this? 
Anuj Jain: 
As I said earlier also that these products are commodity products and as of now we are not 
participating in that kind of discounting on this product and it always goes with the time. 
Now when the time is right you can decide that how much you want but otherwise at this 
situation yes we are not going, 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Veenit Pasad from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Veenit Pasad: 
Just wanted to come back to the point where you made a comment regarding new 
generation coming in as far as dealers are concerned and they are moving on to the 
preferred partner model can you just elaborate on this, is this a case where we are moving 
towards exclusive dealerships or it is a case where they would stop all multiple brands but 
still focus on a particular brand how does that work? 
Anuj Jain: 
So it is basically a change in selling approach from the dealers because there are markets 
and dealers who are more dependent on the painter purchase and there are markets and 
dealers who are more dependent on the consumer purchase, so wherever there are consumer 
footfall and the shop conditions are not so good so in this model we provide our good 
amicable kind of ambience at the shop and provide certain demand generation activities 
specifically for the counter and therefore your focus is to sell more of a premium product 
Page 20 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 20 of 21 
because the more product which offer the benefit to the consumer and therefore we train 
this next generation people who are capable of taking this particular thing, otherwise in the 
past conventionally people sell the product but they do not sell the benefit of the product to 
the customer so we call it next-gen preferred partner dealers, where we train them, what are 
the benefits and how you should pitch the product to the customer rather than just selling at 
the price, concentrate on the benefit and what exactly the customer is looking for and if you 
can provide the solution, so it is a win-win situation, customer gets the answer to what he is 
looking for and in the process the dealers also manage good margins, so it is a win-win 
situation that is how that we are taking this approach. 
Veenit Pasad: 
Is this an approach adopted even by other brands or it is only we that we have started this 
over the past couple of years, how the scenario is changing? 
Anuj Jain: 
The thing what I am talking about is very specific to us but maybe in some other manner 
they may have taken this particular direction but we have a clarity in terms of how many 
number, identified number, it is not something like open available in the market where 
anyone can get into it, so we identify the counters where the footfall of the consumer is 
good and getting specifically into it and therefore as of now scale of numbers to whatever 
extent but taking this approach and as we keep making a progress on that then appropriately 
gradually we scale it up. 
Veenit Pasad: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Makwana from AMSEC. Please 
go ahead. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just want clarification on the volume side you said decorative 
witnessed a high single digit kind of volume growth and we have still witnessed a low 
single digit kind of volume growth and if I assume you took almost 20% to 21% kind of 
price hike in decorative and 18% price hike in industrial segment even if I am assuming that 
you have not factored the entire price hike in Q3 itself simultaneously the price hike and 
assuming that 60:40 kind of revenue mix I think the growth which reported on our 
standalone business that math is not telling up, so am I missing some element over here? 
Prashant Pai: 
You are saying 60:40 because this is not matching you are saying? 
Jignesh Makwana: 
Yes. 
Prashant Pai: 
See it is not like that. It all depends on the mix again. The mix changes and within the range 
also, within the decorative industry there is a mix change happening so accordingly the 
growth what Anuj has mentioned they are the growth numbers. 
Page 21 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 

 
 
 
Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited 
February 04, 2022 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Jignesh Makwana: 
Okay can you please quantify what would be the mix component in the entire? 
Prashant Pai: 
We do not do that. I will leave it to your imagination. Generally we do not say that. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Taunk from ICIC Direct. Please go 
ahead. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Most of the questions have been answered. My question 
is our current capacity and what is the capex plan going forward? 
Prashant Pai: 
Capacity is good enough because last few years we have created a good capacity. As of now 
the utilization is around 60% so no problem with the capacity and there is a regular capex 
plan, maintenance capex which is happening. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
If you can quantify the capex? 
Prashant Pai: 
Right now there are no projects as such, normally maintenance capex which ranges from 60 
to 70 Crores per annum. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you for that clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anuj Jain: 
Thank you everyone. Thanks so much. I hope it was helpful for you and thanks for all the 
good questions. A lot of good business marketing questions and really appreciate that. We 
hope that we were able to answer and satisfy your queries appropriately so wish you the 
very best, have a safe period, and wish you happy 2022 once again, thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 22 of 22
((~JjSAI NEROLAC 
