 
 
February 12, 2022 
 
To 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference call held on February 08, 2022 for Un-audited financial 
results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2021 
 
In furtherance to our intimation letter dated February 03, 2022, please find enclosed the 
Transcript of the Conference call held on Tuesday, February 08, 2022 with Analysts and 
Investors for the un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Kindly take same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
 
 
________________ 
Sanjay Basantani 
Company Secretary and Head – Legal 
 
Encl.: As above 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Affairs 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip ID-540025 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Scrip Code-ADVENZYMES 
enzymes
Where ENZYMEis Life
Advanced Enzyme Technologies Ltd.
CIN: L24200MH1989PLC051018
Sun Magnetica, A wing, 5th Floor, LIC Service Road, Louiswadi, Thane (W)-400 604, India
Tel: +91-22-4170 3200, Fax: +91-22-2583 5159
Email: info@advancedenzvmes.com, www.advancedenzymes.com
BUSINESS
Factory : Plot No. A-61/62, MIDC Malegaon, Tal. Sinnar, Dist. Nashik -422 113. Maharashtra. India. Tel.: +91-99701 00750/ +91-2551-230 044, Fax: +91-2551-230 816
SANJAY 
PRAKASH 
BASANTANI
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY PRAKASH 
BASANTANI 
Date: 2022.02.12 
17:18:27 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 08, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MUKUND KABRA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR - 
ADVANCED ENZYME TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. BENI PRASAD RAUKA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - ADVANCED ENZYME TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. RONAK SARAF – MANAGER INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
ADVANCED ENZYME TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
enzymes
Hiitr
Advancedenzymes
s*c *

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Advanced Enzyme 
Technologies Limited Q3 and Nine months FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ronak Saraf 
from Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Ronak Saraf: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Advanced Enzymes’ Q3 and nine 
months 2022 earnings conference call. I am Ronak Saraf, the Manager Investor 
Relations at Advanced Enzyme. I hope you all have received our financials press 
release and the presentation which has been posted in the Investor Relations 
section of our website. 
 
We have with us Mr. Mukund Kabra, Whole-time Director and Mr. Beni Prasad 
Rauka, the Group CFO. Today, the management will discuss performance & 
business highlights, updates on strategies and respond to any questions that you 
may have. As is usual for ease of discussion, we will look at the consolidated 
financials. 
 
Before we proceed, I would request you all to please read the forward-looking 
statements disclaimer content in the presentation. During our call, we may make 
forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the 
future because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that 
may involve risks and uncertainty. Our actual performance and results may differ 
materially from our forward-looking statements.  
 
So, without any further ado, we shall commence this call.  
 
Over to you Mr. Kabra! 
Mukund Kabra: 
Thank you Ronak. Good evening, everyone. I really appreciate and welcome you 
all to the conference call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2021. At the onset, I hope everyone is healthy, safe and taking all the necessary 
precautions in the wake of the third wave of COVID-19. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
At Advanced Enzymes, we are committed towards protecting health and well 
being of our employees and their families. We continue to implement rigorous 
safety and hygiene measures across all locations without any compromise and 
provide to work shift flexibility wherever possible. 
 
Since, our last earnings call, the world has continued to face unprecedented 
challenges both on health and economic front. During the last quarter, our 
industry has faced multiple headwinds due to the logistics, raw material 
availability and higher prices especially for the solvents, coal etc. Most of the 
solvent prices are on all time high. I believe the supply chain and logistic cost 
situation will remain a challenge.  
 
Our free cash generation and operating efficiency will continue to drive our 
strong net cash positions. We made conscious decision to stock up on inventory, 
so as not to hamper our production and ensure smooth supply to our esteemed 
customers. 
 
I will start this call by sharing with you the earning updates for Q3 FY22 and 
segment wise performance. Our revenue declined by 3% on year-on-year basis 
to Rs. 1,336 million. Our EBITDA declined by 26% to Rs. 491 million during 
the quarter. Our PAT declined by 35% to Rs. 286 million. EBITDA margins 
stood at 37% whilst PAT margin stood at 21% during the quarter. The impact in 
the operating margin is because of high input costs. We are finding 
unprecedented increase in almost all the input materials including fuel and 
logistic cost. 
 
In the nine months, the highlights are as follows: our revenue grew by 8% on 
year-on-year basis to Rs. 3,976 million. Our EBITDA decreased by 9% to 
Rs.1,612 million. Our PAT declined by 16% and stood at Rs. 985 million. 
EBITDA margins stood at 41% while PAT margins stood at 25% during the 
period. 
 
Now, I will take you through the segment wise revenue. The human nutrition 
contributed 69%, animal nutrition contributed 10%, industrial bio-processing 
contributed 12% and specialized manufacturing contributed 9% in the total 
revenue during the quarter as well as in the nine months. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
The human nutrition segment de-grew by 16% to Rs. 918 million in Q3 FY22 as 
compared to Rs. 1,089 million in Q3 FY21 and remained flat on quarter-on-
quarter basis. The animal nutrition statement has outperformed during the quarter 
by 26% to Rs. 132 million in Q3 FY22 as against to Rs. 105 million in Q3 
FY2021 while it grew by 19% in the nine months on year-on-year basis. 
 
The bio processing segment registered a decline of 13% during the quarter, it 
stood at Rs. 160 million in Q3 FY22 as compared to Rs. 183 million in Q3 FY21 
while it grew by 35% on quarter-on-quarter basis. In this segment, food business 
contributed 9% and stood at Rs. 115 million down 5% year-on-year basis while 
the non-food business contributed 3% and stood at Rs. 44 million down 27% 
year-on-year basis during Q3 FY22. The food and non-food business grew by 
35% and 36% respectively on quarter-on-quarter basis.  
 
The specialized manufacturing segment contributed Rs. 125 million in Q3 FY22 
as compared to Rs. 97 million in Q2 FY22. It has registered a growth of 30% on 
quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Now, I will talk about the geographical split of the revenue. The domestic sales 
contributed about 43% in the revenue from operation during Q3 FY22 as 
compared to 52% during Q3 FY21. Domestic sales underperformed by 20%, it 
stood at Rs. 571 million in Q3 FY22 as compared to Rs. 717 million in Q3 FY21 
whilst it remains flat on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
International sales were 57% of revenue from operation as compared to 48% 
during Q3 FY2021. International sales amounting to Rs. 764 million in Q3 FY22 
as compared to Rs. 660 million in Q3 FY21, a jump of 16%. The revenue grew 
by 4% in Americas while it grew by 2% in Europe and strong 262% in Asia ex-
India. The Rest of the World registered a growth of 86% on year-on-year basis. 
On quarter-on-quarter, the international sales grew by 13%. The revenue grew 
by 10% in Americas, 49% in Europe and strong 934% in the rest of the world, 
the Asia ex-India declined by 17%. 
 
Now, I will hand over the call to Rauka Ji and he will walk you through the 
financials and key subsidiary numbers. Thank you. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Thank you very much, Mukund. Good evening, everyone. I hope you all are in 
good health. Now, I will just take you through the company’s financials for Q3 
FY22 and then for nine months FY22. 
 
On year-on-year basis, our revenue is down by Rs. 41 million from Rs. 1,377 
million to Rs. 1,336 million. EBITDA is decreased by Rs. 173 million from Rs. 
664 million to Rs. 491 million. Profit before tax decreased by Rs. 197 million 
from Rs. 609 million to Rs. 412 million. PAT is decreased by Rs. 157 million 
from Rs. 443 million to Rs. 286 million which is about 21% as compared to 32%. 
 
On quarter-on-quarter basis, our revenue has increased by Rs. 65 million 5% 
growth from Rs. 1,271 million to Rs. 1,336 million. EBITDA is flat and it is  
Rs. 491 million as compared to Rs. 493 million. Profit before tax is also flat at 
Rs. 412 million as compared to Rs. 413 million. PAT is decreased by about  
Rs. 17 million from Rs. 303 million to Rs. 286 million. 
 
Our finance cost remains unchanged at about Rs. 3 million during the quarter. 
Depreciation and amortization charge is up at Rs. 88 million as compared to  
Rs. 65 million due to the inclusion of the financials of SSPL.  
 
On year-on-year basis for nine months, revenue has increased by Rs. 290 million, 
8% increase from Rs. 3,686 million to Rs. 3,967 million. EBITDA decreased by 
about 9% from Rs. 1,766 million to Rs. 1,612 million. Profit before tax is also 
decreased by about Rs. 255 million from Rs. 1,626 million to Rs. 1,371 million. 
PAT is decreased by Rs. 192 million from Rs. 1,177 million to Rs. 985 million. 
The PAT margin is at 25% for nine months as compared to 32% during FY22 
for nine months. 
 
Evoxx’s performance during the quarter at revenue of Rs. 47 million, EBITDA 
of Rs. 12 million and even a PAT positive of about Rs. 1 million as compared to 
Rs. 62 million of topline and Rs. 9 million of EBITDA and PAT of Rs. -2 million 
corresponding last year quarter. 
 
JC Biotech’s sales during the quarter stood at Rs. 92 million and EBITDA stood 
at Rs. 32 million and PAT of Rs. 16 million. Our largest selling product which 
is anti-inflammatory enzyme stood at Rs. 279 million during this quarter as 
compared to Rs. 365 million in Q3 of FY21, so there is a de-growth of about 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 17 
24%. Our Top ten customers contributed about 30% of our revenue as compared 
to 47% in Q3 FY21. B2C sale has contributed $ 1.55 million as compared to  
$ 1.54 million during the same period previous year. 
 
This is all about the various highlights of our financials for quarter as compared 
to Q2 and Q3 of last year and a nine-month and now we open the session for 
question and answer please. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you for taking my question. Beni Sir, I hope you are well now. Just few 
things on a broader picture, how in last quarter also we have indicated that 
inventory has piled up significant, so how that number has been in this quarter 
and what kind of basically challenges we are seeing right now in terms of pushing 
our products or increasing our sales I mean considering the fact that during the 
COVID time, you have been predicting that this kind of probiotic sales would be 
much better during this COVID time and it would have incremental sales for us 
considering probiotic products, so how things are panning right now and where 
we are actually taking major orders? I was saying that just wanted to understand 
what is the basic hurdle we are taking right now in terms of scaling our revenue 
as we are I mean we are expecting that during this COVID time, there would be 
some incremental sales from the probiotic side or going forward also, so where 
is the major concern for us and when these things look to be normalized going 
forward and also how the inventory level right now is standing as of now? 
Mukund Kabra: 
Rohit, there are multiple questions. On the inventory level front, we are 
maintaining the same inventory, what we had quarters before and we are keeping 
the same level which is on a higher side. On the probiotic side, this year we were 
a little bit on a lower because some of the customers who had already bought too 
much of a probiotics and piled up their inventories are really slow for this year, 
so this is the situation. We are facing lot of hurdles in terms of logistics and the 
escalation in the cost. The logistic is playing a role where we are not able to really 
push most of the material in the export market, also logistic is giving the higher 
raw material prices in main areas like coal and other etc., and even in some of 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 17 
the segments for example, Biocatalysis where we have already developed the 
materials or the enzymes for the Biocatalyst market but the logistic at their end 
is also not helping them to convert it into the new matrix, so logistic is playing a 
real spoiler, having said that I expect the inventory problem and other problem 
should be normalized from Q1 of the next year and I expect logistics should be 
in control by Q2 of the next year. My gut feeling is that from Q1 of the next year, 
we should start coming back onto the track. 
Rohit Sinha: 
That is good. Secondly on the pricing side just wanted to understand how things 
are going for us as we have seen for other companies even prices have gone up 
significantly but simultaneously they have also passed on a lot of things to the 
customer and that is the reason their toplines are higher by almost 30%-40% on 
Y-o-Y basis but obviously margins are so compared but still topline has been on 
the much higher side, so just wanted to know where we are standing and is there 
any price increase pending for us going forward, it could be reflecting in one or 
two products? 
Mukund Kabra: 
We are in a different industry, at this point of time we are not thinking to pass on 
the prices. In areas where we can pass on, we have already started working on it. 
The best way for us is to increase the sales and that is where the whole focus is. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Going forward where we should see this margin profile which has in fact hit 
almost four year low at this time. All I can understand that lot of things are there 
but when these things get normalized, do we get back to that 44%-45% of 
EBITDA level or because of this SSPL inclusion still that mark would be a bit 
away from us? 
Mukund Kabra: 
I think that in our normal course, our EBITDA should between 40% to 48% and 
we will continue that. I do not see any reason why we should not do. 
Rohit Sinha: 
That would be achieved whenever our sales would be slightly improved, I guess 
I mean kind of numbers, the margins would still remain on the lower side, so in 
order to push margin our sales from here on would also need to be on the higher 
side, correct? 
Mukund Kabra: 
That is right. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Rohit Sinha: 
Just wanted to know your thoughts on going forward into newer products if at all 
we are working on as always, we have been catering to lot of pharma players as 
of now, so going forward where our targeted area could be and any thoughts on 
that? 
Mukund Kabra: 
We repeatedly talked about our targeted areas. Our all the research is given into 
that direction particularly our focus areas were well-defined on what we are 
working on. A lot of work is being going into probiotics, in their clinical trials, a 
lot of work is going on the nutraceuticals side and their clinical side, lot of new 
enzymes being developed for the food and which are under the pipeline, lot of 
new developments and the new enzymes developments are going on in the 
biocatalysis area and different product formation and different presentation is 
going on in the animal nutrition side, so these are the focused areas and all the 
R&D is being really focusing into all of this five different areas. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Majorly having what existing segments are we are focusing more into expanding 
those segments? 
Mukund Kabra: 
Right. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay Sir. That is it from my side. I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shikha Mehta from Equitree 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Good evening, Sir. I just have a couple of questions. Could you tell us the 
increase in logistic cost quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year percentage and raw 
materials as well? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Shikha we will give some numbers to you as far as you are talking about the 
logistics cost was increased, right? 
Shikha Mehta: 
Right. 
Beni Prasad Rauka: In Q3 if we compare it with Q2, this is up about Rs. 4 million and if we look at 
Q3 of this year versus Q3 of last year, the increase is about Rs. 6 million and for 
nine months the increase is about Rs. 11 million, this is only I am talking about 
an increase in the freight cost. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Shikha Mehta: 
Right and you have a similar thing for raw material increase? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Raw material increase, yes so raw material increase in terms of value I can give 
you some numbers about Rs. 11 million if I compare with Q3 to Q2 that is 
increased and if compare with last year then it is about Rs. 15 million and for 
nine months the raw material price increased by about Rs. 19 million. 
Shikha Mehta: 
I missed the opening remarks. Could you also give us the revenue EBITDA and 
PAT numbers for subsidiary? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Which subsidiary do you want? 
Shikha Mehta: 
Evoxx and JC Biotech 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Evoxx the topline is Rs. 47 million, EBITDA is Rs. 12 million and PAT is Rs. 1 
million, and for JC Biotech it is Rs. 92 million EBITDA of Rs. 32 million and 
PAT of Rs. 16 million. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Thank you so much. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipak Saha from Savart, a SEBI 
registered Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dipak Saha: 
Thank you for taking question. My question is regarding the probiotic that you 
launched for COVID package in Indian market, so what is the development on 
that front because we understand that we have also incurred many marketing 
expenses and marketing tie ups in this particular quarter and this product has 
done considerably well in US market, so what is the development on this front 
for the Indian market? 
Mukund Kabra: 
Dipak, revenues are still negligible of the products which are in the B2C 
segments, in the Indian market. It is in few lakhs which is not really significant. 
We are still working. We are still new and generally in the B2C segment, it takes 
long time, for example, in US also our presence is there from last 7 years to 8 
years and now the revenues are shaping up, so we do not expect too much of 
revenue this year and even next year from this B2C segment. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Dipak Saha: 
Do we consider any change in the marketing strategy in order to ramp up the 
revenue numbers? 
Mukund Kabra: 
Marketing, we are really focusing on. We are increasing the people and areas of 
focus. Particularly in the last quarter, we have built up the keen for the animal 
feed particularly for the Asian market. We have taken some people for the 
European market as well and we are focusing on the European market, as how it 
can be done. Our focus is already there in the US market and we are working 
certain tie ups for the food into the US market and how we can do it. Biocatalyst 
is little bit slow, most of the market is in India. But at this point of time it is all 
the logistics which is spoiling, the new products are not being able to launch but 
we are continuing our research and developing our product portfolio to get the 
things normalized and then we can really go forward into those areas. In the 
probiotics, we already started in US most of our probiotics have already moving 
into the rapid pace with our own brands which is our ultimate target, so we are 
moving into the right direction, it is certain time lags which are there. 
Dipak Saha: 
Okay and if I look at the quarterly revenue number and that is quite tepid, I 
understand all the reasons that you have indeed causing this problem, just some 
clarity if you can share, is there anything too much concern on the demand side 
or it is just a timely concern and it will normalize as and when the raw material 
availability and rising raw material prices, the logistic challenges everything 
settles down or is there anything concerning about the demand side and 
according in which in the strategies and other part or just a timely concern it will 
settle down, if you can share some light on this thing also? 
Mukund Kabra: 
Dipak, I think it is more of a time which is required rather than the demand as a 
problem overall, some of the problem is of course with logistic, for example, if I 
had to ship like animal products for a dollar a KG to US and if I had to give a 
0.95 to the logistic cost to transfer of course I do not want that kind of a business, 
so some of the business is being delayed and slowed down at this point of time 
because of those, some of them are like the inventory problems which are there 
at this point of time and I think time is required rather then seeing the demand as 
a real problem.  
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
We are still not able to travel, for example, I have not travelled anywhere since 
last two years and three months and probably this is the time may be from March 
we should be able to start travelling, so these are all the time being problems and 
I feel one or two quarters from here, we require for the things to normalize. 
Dipak Saha: 
Okay and Sir my last question is regarding the specialized segment which show 
a substantial growth on the specialized segment nearly about 30% and so 
considering such kind of growth and because of the synergy that we have created 
with our recent acquisition, do we foresee this particular segment contributing 
higher revenues in the coming quarters or any strategic change for this particular 
segment to overall revenue front or anything else as far as this particular segment 
specialized manufacturing is concerned to better the overall revenue front? 
Mukund Kabra: 
In the specialized manufacturing front, the raw material cost is significantly gone 
up but good part is we can pass on this costs to the customers at the same time. 
We are really working on the growth front particularly the specialized company 
which is biotech as their another joint venture in the Africa, for their products to 
be launched in the African market and maybe I think this will grow, we are on 
the track whatever the revenue targets we anticipated before acquisition on the 
other front, there is somewhat slowness on converting our products into the new 
kind of a drug delivery of a product because of little bit of slowness into the 
market and because of the travel problem. We are targeting our food enzymes, 
which can lead into the different tablets and capsules and we can supply but those 
areas are little bit on a slower end but rest of the things are at a good pace and 
we expect this business will be growing. 
Dipak Saha: 
Okay all these situations we understand that should normalize by Q1 of next year, 
right? 
Mukund Kabra: 
It should start normalizing by Q1 and I think it takes one or two quarters more is 
needed particularly. 
Dipak Saha: 
We stick to the same margin that we stuck to during the last quarter in the concall, 
somewhere in 41% to 48% EBITDA margins, right? 
Mukund Kabra: 
That is right. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Dipak Saha: 
Thank you, Sir. That is from my end and all the best for remaining quarter of the 
year. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Again broader picture on demand side, so do you see 
the cost pressures continuously over the last two quarter to three quarters, so is 
it difficult for the customer to take on the price increases on a sequential basis 
and that one of the reasons why there has been an impact apart from the increase 
such as logistics that you have pointed out? 
Mukund Kabra: 
Rohit, I am not been able to hear you, can you please repeat? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
In terms of the increase in input cost so we have seen that in the last two quarters 
to three quarters there has been continuous increase and probably there is some 
resistance from the customers to absorb this cost and that is the reason there has 
been an impact on our performance apart from the logistic cost that you 
mentioned the challenges that you mentioned? 
Mukund Kabra: 
Rohit, there is always a product mix, that is also one of the factor which is 
contributing to the higher raw material cost at this point of time, at the same time 
in many areas, for example, the anti-inflammatory areas and other areas we 
command significant market share and that is not advisable to increase the cost 
when the competition is on the doorstep, so we consciously decided not to pass 
on the raw material cost and whichever the areas we can pass on we started doing 
it but in our business generally we do not pass on, so we are working on it, the 
areas like nutraceuticals, specialised business, we started passing on. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, got it. Just in question, in such things when the demand is not made by us, 
is it that the over few customers are taking the materials from the local customers 
for the time being I mean just our assessment or is there any substitute which is 
available? 
Mukund Kabra: 
If you really look at it whatever our international business is those we are keeping 
at the same level or increasing, the problem which is coming up is more on the 
domestic front at this point of time and some of the areas where we wanted to 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 17 
grow the market, so there is the real challenge is, rather than the export market 
because we are taking on all the logistic cost at this point of time it is hampering 
some of the margin but still we are not losing the business. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just little bit on each of the segment if you could just provide some indicators 
understanding in the recent past across the segment, we have seen that human 
nutrition has come down but other segments have done exceptionally well, so 
just thoughts on each segment and how are we seeing the dynamics, is there any 
change in the last couple of quarters and what are expectations in near future? 
Mukund Kabra: 
I did not see these things on quarter-on-quarter basis we cannot really judge it 
whether this has gone up or gone down because the business in nature is not such 
that everyone the same sale will be there for them, some of the months some 
products goes higher and some of the months the product goes down, now human 
has gone down to certain level because the contribution of new segment which 
is there like SciTech which is categorized as a specialized manufacturing.  
 
Rauka Ji you can give some more inputs on this. 
Beni Prasad Rauka: That is what I am saying, as Mukund has mentioned on quarter-to-quarter there 
is not going to be any kind of change in the strategy, we still stick to our growth 
drivers which we have earlier shared with you that our focus will continue to be 
on Biocatalysis then on B2C segment particularly in international market and 
apart from that probiotics, in baking industries, we have mentioned to you about 
the kind of growth and animal food feed business we have explained that over a 
period of time, we are working on getting our products registered in various 
countries, appointing distributors and expanding our marketing and sales team, 
our growth drivers that is a long-term growth strategy where we are working, so 
one or two or three quarters it does not really make any sense to think about any 
kind of a change because you always work on your growth, so these are like some 
kind of challenges, the sales is not taking up because of several reasons as 
Mukund has already explained is logistics is the big issue, input cost is up then 
the market has in past accumulated lot of inventories, they are also liquidating 
their inventories, so for the time being overall the sale growth for us is slow in 
that sense but as we look at our bifurcation of international or domestic marketing 
sense, the domestic market is down international sale is going up, that shows that 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 17 
we always have been telling that our focus is more on the global market because 
that is the bigger market. In the Indian market for the enzymes whatever in 
human nutrition is already dominated by us and of course it is only growing at 
6% to 7% which is kind of growth in this particular market but the other 
opportunities are big and the growth potential is high, so we are continuously 
working on that and unfortunately these two years being exceptional years and 
very difficult to say anything what really went wrong and keep on talking about 
several reasons but then at once we see some kind of normalcy, which most likely 
now may happen from the Q1 or Q2 of FY23 as Mukund has explained so we 
hope the growth will come going forward. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, Sir just to probably summarize, FY22 has been in transition probably first 
half of FY2023 will also be in transition once when the external environment 
will more or less normalize and FY24 would be the year when we will have the 
effect of normalization of the external environment as well as the growth which 
will come from the initiatives that we are currently taking in and the product that 
we are working on, is that a right assessment? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: As and when all economy opens, everyone has to rush because everyone is 
waiting for the right time now. Unfortunately sometime back when everyone 
realized now things are opening up then again what happened we all know, so 
we lost this time in the sense so very difficult in the terms of one or two or three 
quarters but yes we always say that we have been on our path and we are 
confident that going forward I think things will turn out to be normal and as you 
all are analysts, you have been interacting with so many companies probably you 
can give better insight to us that what exactly is happening with this present 
scenario whether one can really comment on it or not that is really a challenge 
we are also facing. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right Sir. Got it and thanks for all the answers and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi 
Securities and Finance. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you for the follow up. I wanted to understand on this SciTech recent 
acquisition, what was your thought process behind that and secondly on this 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 17 
existing business and SciTech being doing I would say pretty as well as of now, 
the numbers are looking good in terms of revenue, so where we can see this 
number scaling forward in next two years, if you can speak little about this 
SSPL? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Rohit, I think as far as the synergy is concerned as we already mentioned to you 
is specialized manufacturing company with the technology of effervescent and 
various technologies they have developed over a period of time and this was 
thought to have one other way of delivering our known products through this 
technology, that was one way of looking at because we already had presence in 
B2C segment in USA and India we wanted to expand, that is where we have 
already started, so it would be really helpful then we can use this particular 
subsidiary company and their expertise and technology and SSPL how much they 
can grow like I really look at my nine months number of SSPL for this year and 
compared with the previous year it is growing about 30% and we are definitely 
expanding that company, we are also investing some more money in capex, the 
company is now kind of a self-sustained company with a very low debt, so going 
forward again in this company we will be expanding manufacturing capacities 
and we should be in a position to grow by 25% to 30% as far as SSPL is 
concerned. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Just a wild thought but is it that in order to expand SSPL, we are somehow 
restricting our growth in this human nutrition business or they are going? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: No, those are independent rather like SSPL now as Mukund has already 
mentioned that one particular area of work where we have been working with 
them, it is kind of you can slowdown because the overall issues are different now 
in last two years, so you want to develop something new but you have several 
other challenges because industry is also looking as such somehow to go with 
the flow, so nobody wants to take a new challenge in this last two years that is 
what our observation is, so many more products which we have like working on 
it but now adoption of products in a different forms by the industry is itself a 
challenge because of several things in addition to the logistics. I mean that is 
independent. They have their own resources, it is kind of not at all blocking our 
growth, yes, our growth is something which we have been working and this year 
the particular growth number wise, whatever number because you might be 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 17 
looking at whatever growth has happened it is mainly contributed because of the 
number of SSPL. The organic growth particularly in this year is tapered off 
because of COVID situation and because of the inventory built up in the past by 
couple of nutraceutical companies, so couple of reasons has really hampered the 
growth during this particular year. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay and just some thought on acquisition of SSPL, and we can see what the 
small company is the recent filing they have acquired stake? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Yes, SSPL going to contribute some stake in African company because that 
particular companies again into that nutraceuticals business. As Mukund has 
already explained so that will help SSPL and us to expand again our marketing 
reach to African countries so they are based in Africa and they will help us to 
market products of SSPL as well as Advance Enzymes because that is where we 
have been telling that we are working on like several novel ideas of delivering 
our products, so we will again use that as an opportunities to expand that African 
continent market. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay and any idea about the market size opportunity there for us? 
Beni Prasad Rauka: For us it is a big opportunity, but in terms of numbers and all if you ask me, that 
I think right now I am not in a position to give you that number. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ronak Saraf for closing comments. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Ronak Saraf: 
Thank you everyone for taking your valuable time for attending our conference 
call. We will keep you posted for any further updates. I request you all, to kindly 
send in your questions that may remain unanswered in the call. The transcript of 
this conference call will be uploaded on our website in the due course. Looking 
forward to host you all in the next quarter till then stay healthy, stay safe. 
Beni Prasad Rauka: Thank you very much 
Mukund Kabra: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr

 
 
 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Limited 
February 08, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Advanced Enzyme Technologies 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
Advancedenzymes
wtttsvwn# Atitr
