 
 
  
CSO & Corporate Ofﬁce:
6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, 
MIDC, Andheri (E) Mumbai-400 093. 
T: (022) 4000 3600 
F: (022) 3935 7699 
Regd Ofﬁce:
G-1, Ackruti Trade Centre, 
MIDC, Road No-7, Andheri (E), 
Mumbai - 400 093.  
T: (022) 6807 0100 
F: (022) 6807 0107 
E: support@angelone.in 
www.angelone.in 
Angel One Limited
(Formerly Known as Angel Broking Limited) 
CIN:  L67120MH1996PLC101709, 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker: 
INZ000161534, CDSL: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS: 
INP000001546, Research Analyst: 
INH000000164, Investment Advisor: 
INA000008172, AMFI Regn. No. ARN–77404,  
PFRDA, Regn. No.-19092018. 
 To, 
    Listing Department 
    National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Service  
BSE Limited 
    Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block,  
    Bandra Kurla Complex,  
    Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
    Symbol: ANGELONE 
Scrip Code: 543235  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Filing of the transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors under 
Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Further to our intimation on January 04, 2022 intimating of the earnings call with analysts 
and investors to be hosted by the Company on January 18, 2022, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the said earnings call for your reference and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at 
www.angelone.in. 
 
You are requested to take note of the same 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Angel One Limited 
(Formerly Known as Angel Broking Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership no. A22506 
 
Date: January 21, 2022 
 
 
 
PATEL 
NAHEED 
REHAN
Digitally signed by PATEL NAHEED 
REHAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=400059, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=333b54bd95a7b4b7
2066364d67a6162749f8eacabfc413
2538e641ebee970e18, cn=PATEL 
NAHEED REHAN 
Date: 2022.01.21 12:11:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 35 
 
 
 
“Angel One Limited Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DINESH THAKKAR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, ANGEL ONE LIMITED  
 
MR. NARAYAN GANGADHAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, ANGEL ONE LIMITED  
 
MR. VINEET AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ANGEL ONE LIMITED 
 
MR. HITUL GUTKA – INVESTOR RELATIONS HEAD, 
ANGEL ONE LIMITED 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included / omitted due to 
human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the company by the 
reader. 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 35 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Angel One Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Thakkar. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Good morning, everybody. On behalf of Angel One Limited, I would 
like to extend best wishes to everyone for the New Year. I welcome 
all of you to our Q3 FY2022 earnings call. I am joined by Narayan 
Gangadhar, Chief Executive Officer; Vineet Agrawal, Chief 
Financial Officer; Hitul Gutka, IR Head, SGA, our Investor Relation 
Advisors. 
 
India is currently witnessing a third wave of COVID-19 pandemic 
and I hope that all of you and your loved ones are safe and in good 
health. We have published a detailed investor presentation and issued 
a press release to stock exchanges. I hope you had a chance to look at 
it. I will comment on recent development and then Narayan and 
Vineet will walk you through operational and financial performance 
for the quarter.  
 
I strongly believe the economy will continue to witness strong 
growth as we move forward and the various initiative taken by the 
government, ensure that India is on a track to become a $5 trillion 
economy. All established organizations such as IMF, World Bank, 
ADB, rating agencies, etc., continue to voice their confidence in 
India’s growth potential, with a typical forecast of 8% to 10% GDP 
growth for the current year. The current low interest rate regime, 
coupled with strong GDP growth gives us confidence that India will 
see sustained retail participation in equities. With the listing of new-
age, large size consumer-focused businesses, we are witnessing 
increasing participation in capital markets, especially from the retail 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 35 
segment. 
This 
momentum 
progressively 
reflects 
a 
deeper 
understanding and maturity of today’s young investors, who largely 
reside in smaller towns and cities. 
 
Q3 FY2022 have been a busy quarter, as we witnessed many 
marquee issues hitting the market. Angel has done well in this market 
for the second consecutive quarter, which is reflected in the growing 
distribution income for us. There are several key drivers as India 
opened 10 million new demat accounts in Q3 FY2022, the highest 
the country has added in any quarter in the past, thus taking the total 
demat count to approximately 81 million as of December 2021. We 
are confident that the country will be able to sustain this growth in 
demat accounts going forward as well, as more Indians diversify their 
saving. 
 
Let me now give you our perspective on commonly asked questions, 
cyclicity and volatility in the markets. There is a perception that 
capital markets are risky, and that retail investors have been volatile 
participants, as they exit when market correct. Our experience and 
data from stock exchanges, however, suggests to the contrary. Over 
the last 15 years, India has witnessed four major cycles. During each 
of the cycles, the headline indices, NIFTY 50 and NIFTY Midcap 
150 have delivered negative returns ranging between minus 9% to 
minus 36% for NIFTY 50 and minus 3% to minus 49% for NIFTY 
Midcap 150. Despite this, India’s demat account base grew at 
approximately 15% CAGR over this same period. In each of those 
years of negative returns, the industry did not experience a 
contraction in total trade volume on NSE during any of those cycles. 
On the contrary, total trade volumes grew between 2% to 27% in 
each of the cycles. This clearly signifies that investors have kept 
participating in capital markets, despite volatility and market 
corrections. 
 
Furthermore, we have built greater resilience and predictability in our 
business by catapulting our business model to a completely digital 
platform and by simplifying the price structures from turnover-based 
to order-based. These adjustments have drastically reduced the 
volatility in our business. This is evidenced from the fact that our 
average daily order have grown in over 80% of cases, when either the 
NIFTY 50, NIFTY Midcap, or NIFTY Bank have fallen by 5% or 
more over the last 33 months. This has been the case since April 
2019, when we turned into fully digital player. 
 
This transformation has also led to a spectacular growth in our client 
base, driven by our Flat Fee plan, which evidences the success of our 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 35 
continuously refining our acquisition engine, with an emphasis on 
digital marketing, along with a strong focus on improving our 
activation engine as well. This is visible from the robust revenue 
growth over the last 11 quarters, primarily driven by our Flat Fee 
business. The advantage of such a digital model is its scalability with 
a reduced payback metric, where cost is already incurred, and 
operating leverage benefit follows thereafter. Our Q3 FY2022 
financial performance is testimony to this. 
 
We strongly believe that as we keep augmenting our technological 
capabilities and introduce best-in-class features to consistently 
improve client experience, we are better positioned to garner a larger 
share of this growing and under-penetrated market. We will continue 
to scale up our artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science 
skill, and deploy it in our Super App.  
 
I am happy to share with you that our Board has approved a 
distribution of 35% of this quarter’s consolidated post tax profit as in 
third interim dividend to shareholders. The record date has already 
been communicated to shareholders via our regular stock action 
notification. 
 
With this, I now request Narayan, our CEO, to brief you on the 
operational aspect of the businesses. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Thank you, Dinesh. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for 
joining us on the call today. Our industry continues to witness its 
strong growth momentum, even on a larger scale and despite market 
value. Lead indicators remain robust, as we continue to comfortably 
connect Indians to financial markets, and have a strong belief that the 
country is going to witness sustained participation for long periods of 
time. Players equipped with superior tech capabilities to facilitate 
best client experience will eventually be leaders with market share. I 
would like to emphasize here that Angel is on the path to achieve this 
position. 
 
Let me first begin by giving you a flavor of developments on 
technology and products, which we have taken to increase the 
reliability and optimize experience, which will eventually improve 
the overall client experience. With focus on increasing reliability, we 
have invested in ruggedization of backend systems, improved error 
handling capabilities on apps, scaled up and fine-tuned the hardware 
and have undertaken complete rewrite of few systems. All of this has 
led to improved availability and reduction in contact ratio. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 35 
On the data science side, we took initiatives to improve client 
activation and client acquisition. We have developed a new machine 
learning model-based forecasting to improve the top of funnel 
quality, which has resulted in higher lead conversion for our clients. 
We have also built a propensity model to improve client activation, 
the result of which is evident from an uptick in our client activation 
to 39% in Q3 FY ’22 from 37% in Q1 FY ’22. 
 
On the product side, we predominantly focused on two vital aspects, 
KYC journey and In-App journey. We upgraded the KYC journey to 
offer our clients a seamless experience by improving optical 
character recognition and introducing new stylus signature options 
for account opening. Angel has pioneered real time process of 
identifying bank account details, during onboarding, by using a 
mobile number, an industry first initiative. This has led to higher 
conversion rate for us. We’ve also upgraded the in-app journey by 
letting go of the obsolete and cumbersome hamburger menu and 
replaced it with a far simpler Discover tab in the app. This eased 
navigation to different sections of the app with minimal clicks. We 
have witnessed multifold jump in clients accessing mutual funds, 
IPO, ARQ, GTT, options simplified etc., now. All these 
developments on tech and product side have led to a step up in our 
net promoter score and Google Play Store rating. 
 
Now, let me update you about where we are on the development of 
our new app. We have built the new native mobile app on clean 
architecture principles, with the aim of leveraging cross platform 
technologies wherever suitable. Here our emphasis is on deep 
personalization, which will take client experience to the next level. 
This new app is in beta and is expected to be launched over the next 
few months. All these finer details had commensurate impact on the 
larger picture of Q3 FY ‘22 and it has been an exemplary quarter on 
all operational parameters for Angel. 
 
We closed the quarter at our historical best in terms of client 
acquisition, which stood at 1.3 million, thus expanding our client 
base to 7.8 million as of December 2021, representing sequential 
growth of 4.7% and 19.4%, respectively. With this, we now account 
for 9.7% of India’s demat accounts. This is the third consecutive 
quarter, where we have acquired more than 1.2 million clients. In the 
current financial year, we have acquired over 3.8 million clients, as 
compared to 4.1 million in March 2021. We continue to aggressively 
acquire more clients from Tier II, Tier III cities and beyond, which 
form 90% of our acquisitions in Q3 FY2022. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 35 
Continued momentum in our acquisition rate with focus on non-
urban areas demonstrates the success of our digital marketing 
strategy, processes, and robust product and tech suite. Our conscious 
efforts to acquire the young generation, so that we can partner with 
them during their lifetime as they are future wealth creators. The 
median age of clients acquired over the last few quarters is at 
approximately 29 years. 
 
Our best in the industry Flat Fee tariff structure is a key driver of 
growth, which has attracted more than 90% of our clients signing up 
for it. This has resulted in 5.8x growth in our overall client base over 
Q1 FY2020 to Q3 FY2022. Strong growth in our client base has led 
to an expanding pool of active clients on NSE, which has steadily 
grown quarter-over-quarter to more than 3 million as of December 
2021, translating into 6.5x increase over December 2019. Our active 
client ratio has also steadily improved to 39% in December 2021, as 
compared to approximately 30% in December 2019. 
 
Improvement in our active client base is also reflected in our growing 
average daily turnover and the number of orders our clients are 
executing on our platform. Our average daily turnover increased by 
20% sequentially to INR 6.9 trillion in Q3 FY2022, with December 
2021 being at over INR 7 trillion. 
 
Our number of orders, a key metric, which we have started recently 
publishing, also has been growing quarter-over-quarter to 180 million 
in Q3 FY2022, representing a growth of over 18% sequentially. 
 
Our number of orders have grown by 6.8x over Q1 FY2020 to Q3 
FY2022 as compared to 6x growth in our client base over the same 
period. This represents a higher engagement of our clients. Overall, 
equity turnover market share continues to remain strong at over 20% 
for Q3 FY2022. I am elated to convey that Angel’s share in 
commodity segment was at our historical best of over 38% in 
December 2021. 
 
The innovations and continued efforts to simplify client journey and 
upscale their experience is the foundation for continuously achieving 
such a robust operational performance. I firmly believe that our 
razor-sharp focus on technology will eventually facilitate us to attain 
our long-term goal of market leadership. 
 
We are not only creating a difference for our clients through 
improvements in various journeys, but also continuously pushing up 
the standards of disclosures for benefits of all stakeholders. Step-by-

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 35 
step, we will be creating new benchmarks, disclosing important 
business parameters with the aim of making the business more 
transparent and achieve the highest governance standards. All these 
efforts separate us from our peers and strengthen our resolve to tap 
into the massive growth opportunity that is unfolding in the Indian 
capital market. 
 
With this, I now request Vineet Agrawal, our CFO to brief view on 
the financial performance of our company. Thank you. Over to you, 
Vineet. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you, Narayan. Good morning, everyone. I will take you 
through the financial snapshot for the quarter gone by. As explained 
by Dineshbhai and Narayan, Angel continued to deliver an extremely 
strong performance on all operating parameters for yet another 
quarter, which also translated into strong financial results. 
 
The outcome of Q3 FY2022 reflects our inherent strength in this ever 
competitive industry. Some of the key drivers of our performance in 
Q3 FY2022 are strong client addition of over 1.3 million, 600,000 
additions to our NSE active client base, robust 20% sequential 
growth in our average daily turnover to INR 6.9 trillion, strong 18% 
sequential growth in number of orders, which aggregated to over 180 
million, a fledging client funding book, which clocked a sequential 
growth of approximately 7.7% to average at about INR 16.4 billion. 
 
We closed the quarter with our highest ever-gross revenue of INR 6.1 
billion, registering a 12.8% sequential growth, which is further split 
as follows. Gross broking revenue accounted for approximately 68% 
of our total gross revenues, with the quarter-on-quarter growth of 
15.3%. Interest income which includes interest on our client funding 
book, and interest earned from deposits accounted for approximately 
16%, growing at 10% quarter-on-quarter. Depository income 
contributed approximately 6%, a growth of 2.9% quarter-on-quarter. 
Income from distribution of third-party products was approximately 
2% higher. 
 
This time, we have further bifurcated our operating income to share 
with you the quantum of ancillary transaction income that we 
generate. This accounts for approximately 6% of our gross revenues, 
and has grown by 13.7% quarter-on-quarter. This is a net income 
linked to the turnover of our clients on the exchanges. The rest of the 
other operating income contributed approximately 2%. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 35 
The share of the F&O segment in our gross broking revenue 
increased further to approximately 74%, whilst the contribution of 
the cash segment was 22%. Share of the commodity and currency 
segments was 3% and 1%, respectively.  
 
During the quarter, a greater push for MTF drove the average client-
funding book higher by 7.7% sequentially to approximately INR 16.4 
billion on a higher base. This coupled with a healthy increase in 
deposits led to a 10% sequential growth in our interest income. Since 
we have multiplied our client base over the last two years, the net 
broking revenue from clients who are less than two years on our 
platform continues to remain high at 75% in Q3 FY2022. The net 
broking revenue under the Flat Fee plan continues to witness very 
strong momentum, growing to a significant 83% of our overall net 
broking revenue. 
 
Let me draw your attention to the average revenue per client we have 
been generating on a quarterly basis. Over the last 11 quarters, since 
we became a full-fledged digital player, we witnessed a 5.8x and a 
51x growth in our overall client base and net booking income from 
our Flat Fee clients respectively, which has more than offset an 
approximately 0.3x reduction in our quarterly ARPC. The share of 
the net total income from our Flat Fee clients to the consolidated total 
income grew six-fold to 81% in Q3 FY2022 from 14% in Q1 
FY2020, when we first introduced our flat pricing plan. 
 
ARPC has also been partially impacted due to the high share of new-
to-market clients, who generally would be low income accretive 
initially, but stabilize and pickup in activity over time. Corresponding 
to this, our consistent efforts to refine our acquisition engines, 
leading to higher client acquisition quarter-over-quarter has led to a 
more than proportionate reduction in cost of acquisition as we focus 
on acquiring more clients from Tier II, Tier III and beyond cities, and 
new-to-market clients we have experienced a corresponding drop in 
client acquisition cost as well for these pockets. 
 
As a result, we continue to maintain superior and profitable business 
model with a customer acquisition cost payback period being within 
two quarters. The overwhelming growth in direct clients under the 
Flat Fee plan and a more than proportionate reduction in the 
customer acquisition cost has shown significant improvements in our 
operating profit margin to 50.7% in Q3 FY2022 from 12.3% in Q1 
FY2020. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 35 
As highlighted earlier in previous quarters, we continue to add digital 
talent to our business, which has led to an approximately 12.6% 
sequential growth in our employee cost, excluding ESOP cost. 
Augmentation of human capital in technology, product development 
and digital revenue functions were the mainstay of this increase. 
Other expenses for the quarter rose to approximately INR 1.4 billion, 
representing sequential growth of 4.4%. This was due to incremental 
spend in acquiring clients, technology, depository charges and CSR. 
 
Consolidated operating profit and operating profit margin for the 
quarter stood at approximately INR 2.3 billion and 50.7% 
respectively. Consolidated profit after tax from continuing operations 
increased by approximately 22.6% sequentially to INR 1.65 billion, 
once again the highest ever for any quarter-to-date. Consolidated 
earnings per share grew to a robust INR 19.9 per equity share on 
quarterly basis.  
 
Our 9M FY2022 performance is as follows. Our gross revenues stood 
at be INR 16.2 billion, representing a growth of 84% year-on-year. 
Our operating profit stood at INR 5.8 billion, representing a growth 
of 103% year-on-year. Our operating profit margin expanded by 152 
basis points to 49.1% over the same period of last year, whilst 
consolidated profit after tax from continuing operations grew by 
114% year-on-year to INR 4.2 billion. Consolidated earnings per 
share grew by 96% year-on-year to INR 51 per equity share.  
 
On the balance sheet side, the cash and cash equivalent increase to 
INR 45 billion, largely due to the increase in the clients’ funds. The 
period ending client-funding book was at INR 15.1 billion, whereas 
borrowing stood at INR 12.2 billion. Some enhancements in tech 
capabilities led to a marginal increase in our fixed assets to INR 1.4 
billion as of December 2021, from INR 1.2 billion as on March 2021. 
Robust profitability along with efficient capital utilization led to a 
significant improvement in annualized average return on equity to 
43.7%. 
 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further 
discussion. Thank you.  
 
Question and Answers 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may 
press star and one on the dash-tone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the questions you may press star and two. Participants 
are requested to use handset while asking your question. Ladies and 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 35 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Good morning, and very Happy New Year to everyone. 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I must appreciate the 
disclosures in the presentation. Really helped us understand the 
business more now. My first question is on the cost front, where we 
have seen the cost-to-income ratio coming in around 49% or there 
about. Do you think that this is a more sustainable way going ahead? 
My second question is on the new app, the Super App that you are 
talking about. When you talk about customization, what is it that 
you’re exactly talking about? And lastly, my question is on the fact 
that the activation rate, which we are now inching closer to 39% with 
this new onboarding journey, and the new changes in the app, do you 
see this activation rate going higher to and reaching somewhere 
around 45%, 50% going ahead? That would be some of my 
questions. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you, Mr. Jain and New Year to you too. I will answer the first 
one and new app customization, I will ask Narayan to answer and 
even on onboarding we will have joined kind of discussion. So, on 
cost-to-income, currently, we are at 49%. So, we feel that this is 
maintainable, and we can sustain with this, because in digital model, 
what happens, that whatever cost we take in terms of technology and 
acquiring customer are upfront. So, there are lots of operating levers, 
which plays in later on. But as we want to increase our market share, 
and we have an aspiration to be leader in this industry, we would be 
spending more on technology and on acquiring customer. But having 
said that, we are very confident that we will be able to maintain this 
margin, but we would not be tempted to expand the margin, we 
would rather focus on increasing our market share. 
 
And on new app commission and features of that, and whether it will 
help us increase activation, I will ask Narayan to answer this. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. Thank you, Dinesh. So, as we launch our new mobile app, our 
journey is very tailored to providing a wholesome customizable 
experience for all our clients. And as a part of that strategy, we are 
going to be building out a new onboarding kit that lets the customers 
customize and tailor their journeys to their investment philosophies 
and their style. And we have created a different, whole set of journey, 
based on investment personas. Whether somebody is a novice, 
whether somebody is a investor, whether somebody is a professional 
trader, and based on these guided journeys by introducing data 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 35 
science, we will be able to drive up our activation on a sustainable 
basis going forward. That is one of our main initiatives as we launch 
our next gen super app to improve activation. 
 
The second thing that we see is that there is a lot of hand holding that 
is required before the user makes their very first investment. And 
often times, many brokers they struggle with this, because it comes 
down to what kind of content do you surface to the investor? What 
kind of learnings and what kind of educational experiences do you 
offer them, that lets them figure out how they go about the business 
of buying. 
 
So, what we are doing is, we are building a wholesome model that 
emphasize more on letting the user make their first investment. And 
that is another major initiative that is getting rolled out on the product 
side, as well as on the business side, that will help us get to even 
higher levels of activation on a ongoing basis. So those are the two 
main initiatives that touch both onboarding as well as activating 
leading up to their first trade. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
So, sir a follow-up on the expenses that you are talking about in 
terms of technology. Are you capitalizing that or it’s completely 
routed to the P&L? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Sorry, I didn’t hear your question. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes, I understood that. I would ask Vineet to answer that. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sure. So, Prayesh, whatever cost that we need to capitalise based on 
the accounting standards, we do that. The rest of the cost is expensed 
out. So, anything which is new to development or enhances the life of 
the asset is capitalized and the rest are all is expensed out. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Could you just give us some ballpark number as to what are the 
technology spends and what portion of that is capitalized in the nine 
months? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So, technology spend for the nine months is about INR 100 odd 
crores in terms of the CapEx just looking. So, the CapEx for the nine 
months is now INR 6 crores. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Out of the INR 100 crores, only INR 6 crores are being capitalized, 
right? INR 94 crores? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
INR 100 crores is the OpEx. 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 35 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay.  
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
And about INR 6 crores is the CapEx. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. All right. That’s helpful. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to the 
participants to please limit your question to two per participant. You 
may rejoin the question queue if you have a follow up. The next 
question is from the line of Nilesh Shah from Envision Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
Congratulations, Dineshji, Narayan and Vineet for the excellent 
performance and for the disclosures. Honestly, this is helping us 
improve our understanding of the business. My question is, I have 
two questions. One is our market sharing in commodities has spiked 
up quite significantly. What would you attribute this to and how 
sustainable is this? Number one. Number two, on the Super App, and 
I’m assuming that we are probably going into the broader market 
opportunity of wealth management, wealth tech and things of that 
kind. Any sense in terms of this size of the opportunity there? I mean, 
on the broking side, we understand that obviously, the number of 
demat accounts is essentially a good perspective in terms of the size 
of the opportunity and how much it can scale up? Any sense in terms 
of quantifiable numbers, in terms of how big that opportunity could 
be for us over the medium to long-term and what are the timelines on 
the launch of this Super App? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. So, let me just answer this market share on commodity and 
broader opportunity. And timelines and everything, I will ask 
Narayan to take it over.  
 
See, in terms of market share in commodity from day one, when 
Commodity Exchange was launched, we had that leadership position. 
So, people who are in the commodity market, they are very kind of 
familiar with our services, because commodity market ranges into 
two parts. So, not all the digital brokers are able to give like that kind 
of service for both the shift. This is what I assume. That’s the reason 
we had very higher market share from initial days. So, trust that has 
been built in this community, this thing, participants has continued in 
this digital era. So, what we are seeing is that, continuously we are 
seeing that increase in market share in commodity, even when we 
were phygital, continued in the digital era. So, I think it is more of 
trust people have on our services and uptime that we give on both the 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 35 
shift. So, we are very confident that this kind of market share is 
sustainable. 
 
Second, on Super App. You are right that the purpose of Super App, 
one was to have a deeper penetration in broking business itself, 
because if we look at, although we have covered 98% of pin code, 
but every pin code if you look at penetration, it is really very low. I 
think penetration over there is going to increase. But that requires 
features which are very simple to understand for people who are first 
time in the market, for people who don’t understand English as a 
language. So, they want app which is simple to use, vernacular 
language, content which they can understand. 
 
So, what we are trying to build with Super App is, one, size of the 
app should be such that it is usable across country through any person 
who is having low bandwidth or any kind of like smartphone. Second 
thing is that, how to monetize this customer base that we have, and 
how to sell more products to the same customers that we are 
acquiring, it’s a big opportunity. It is very difficult to put in number 
right now, because as we are talking about selling mutual funds, 
selling insurance, providing lending product to customers, it’s a big 
opportunity. It almost leads to a kind of like challenger bank and neo-
bank. 
 
So, it is too early for us to really comment on that, that how big is 
that opportunity, but we’ll take it as we see that opportunity starting 
from mutual fund, insurance and lending. So it’s very difficult to put 
the number for any digital player for that thing, because we are 
looking at huge kind of customer base coming to digital platform for 
different, different financial services, not just broking. So, our aim is 
to first of all create a super app, where we are able to create a very 
personalized journey, where a person who wants whatever service, 
we are able to download only that part of component. So that app 
does not become heavy and experience of customer is very good in 
terms of buying other products on our app. 
 
So, to talk about what kind of an app we are building, features and all 
that, I’ll ask Narayan to get into this conversation and brief you on 
that. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
Great, thank you so much.  
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes, so, as Dineshbhai mentioned, regarding the concept of the Super 
App and the timeline, see, first of all, let me start by saying that the 
customers who are foraying into mutual funds or other financial 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 35 
products, they already are in our customer base today. So, every 
customer that we are acquiring today, they are looking for a 
comprehensive set of solutions, which goes beyond broking. 
 
Now, broking is our bread and butter and that is going to be our 
prime focus for the next foreseeable -- for at least next 12 to 14 
months. But I think it is important to understand that, that latent 
customer base is already with us. Now, in terms of how we are 
thinking about going about building out these experiences in our 
Super App, as we have discussed in the past, we want to launch our 
Spark Super App. It is probably going to go out, we are looking at 
between -- in the next three to four months. And post that we want to 
launch a series of experiences which touch mutual fund, which touch 
insurance, which touch buying sovereign gold bonds and all these 
other aspects of wealth management, which we are going to enroll it 
and bundle it inside the app itself. 
 
And the big differentiator here, and the way we are going about it, is 
that we are building a joint unified journey, which helps the customer 
understand and take a look at the comprehensive view of their assets, 
unlike if you look -- unlike many of our competitors, who look at a 
siloed way of, who give you a siloed view into asset. We are taking a 
more holistic, comprehensive view into asset management because 
that is what is going to drive maximum return on investment for the 
end customer. 
 
Nilesh Shah: 
Great. Thank you so much and good luck with these plans. Thank 
you. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I had two to three questions. First is, sir, 
how should we think about ARPU going forward? Understandably, 
we have seen some decline because of sharp increase in customer 
addition and the share of Flat Fee going up, but in coming quarters, 
how should we think about ARPU? That is first question. Second is 
sir, what percentage of customers that we are acquiring is coming 
from new to investing or new to demat account or -- and what are the 
customers which are -- which we are attracting from other brokers? 
And third sir, just one observation, some of the global brokers also 
disclosed cohort level ARPU data. Brokers in U.S, like Robinhood 
and XP are disclosing cohort level data in terms of ARPU, I 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 35 
understand that no one in India discloses that, but if we can disclose 
that, that would be very useful, sir. These are the three points. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. Nidhesh Jain, in terms of ARPU, already, we have put in our 
presentation what ARPU we are getting from customer. I hope you 
have gone through that presentation. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Yes, sir. I was asking, how should we think about ARPU going 
forward? It will continue… 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. I mentioned that but in terms of disclosure, we have started 
disclosing our ARPU data, so that you get a better understanding 
about what’s the reason ARPU is declining and what are the benefits 
to that. 
 
Now let me put this in a proper perspective. See, we went digital in 
April 2019. So that is quarter one of ‘20. That is where our ARPU 
was around INR 761. Currently, as we speak in third quarter, our 
ARPU is INR 528. But if you look at pockets that we have entered, 
these are the pockets where physical broker or a bank-based broker 
was unable to get into. So, we saw a huge growth in customer base, 
almost 5.8x growth in customer base. 
 
So, reason for that is when we go to a newer pocket, ARPU is lesser, 
but if we look at cost of service, cost of acquisition is also far lower. 
And if you look at that presentation that we have given, our total 
EBDAT margin, which used to be like around in the range of 12% to 
15%, jumped to 50%. So that means what is important in this market 
in India market, it is not about getting concerned about ARPU, is 
about how to service a customer who comes with a small amount of 
investment of say, like INR 25,000, INR 30,000, or even INR 10,000. 
 
For that matter, when we’ll go into mutual fund and other 
distribution, kind of like products, we want to serve a population who 
comes with like a monthly plan of INR 100, INR 200. So, ARPU 
may drop off from here. But what is important is that, whether our 
like business margins will drop, whether cost-to-revenue would be 
around in the range of 50%. That is what we look at. We look at 
opportunity, which has a higher growth, which has a margin of 
around 50% and we don’t mind going to an area where ARPU is low. 
 
So, that is where digital models are. If you’re talking about 10x 
opportunity, it is going to come from pocket where initial kind of like 
participation from customer may be very low. But what we have to 
look at, we don’t like look at other digital players, just acquire a 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 35 
customer, then think about monetization. I understand, we can 
monetize that customer base far more in a better way, in an effective 
way in future, but what is important today, today also there are 
existing pocket where you can have a margin of 50% from day one. 
So, our focus is totally on acquiring a customer who can give us a 
good profitability, give us a good revenue and future seem to be great 
with that audience. 
 
If you look at our customer age, it has dropped from 33, 32 to around 
29. We’re acquiring customer more of the age of around 18, 19, 20, 
just getting their first job, getting their first pocket money, putting in 
the market. So, what I look at is that, I’m not focused too much on 
ARPU declining. I’m looking at, which are the pockets where we can 
get triple digit growth. So that is where our focus would be and 
continues to be over there. 
 
Now, looking at the devices or maybe journeys that we can create, 
which can have machine learning, artificial algorithms built in our 
systems, it is very easy to serve customer for even wealth 
management at a very fractional cost. So important for us is to 
disrupt all kind of in this market, and try to give best experience to 
people who have not started their journey in our equity market, just 
getting concerned that how to start the journey. They always think 
that equity is very risky kind of an asset, but we know it is volatile. 
There are ways to manage it. That requires lots of ML/AI to be built 
in our products. That is what we are building in our new app. 
 
So, we are very confident that we will be able to grow at this kind of 
rate, but we are not concerned too much on ARPU. It’s very difficult 
to say at where we would say that, below this ARPU, we would not 
like to go, but we would like to see where are the business 
opportunities, where are the margins? Where are the profitability? 
We would like to go and capture that. So, what is important for you 
all to focus is that, in a new customer base, are we getting growth? In 
new customer base, is there a decent margin? In new customer base, 
does the lifetime value increase? That is most important. 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sir. Understood. Understood. And sir, in terms of data point, 
what percentage of customers are new to industry? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. Vineet, the non-KRI customers, if you can give some data? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. About 80% of the clients that we acquired in Q3 are new to the 
market. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 35 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sir. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from 
HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Sahej Mittal: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a great set of 
number. So, I had a couple of questions. Sir, firstly, my question is 
around active customers. So, if you could give us some split in terms 
of the customers which we acquired, given that we have now closed 
3Q FY ‘22 sir. If you could give us a split of active customers in 
terms of the customers acquired pre 3Q FY ‘21 and the customers 
acquired 3Q or post 3Q FY ‘21 to understand what is the activation 
rate of the customers acquired in the last one year? Because what it 
seems is that with the kind of customer addition, the gross customer 
addition we are seeing the active clients have not grown at a very 
rapid pace. So, is it that the newer customers are less active or the 
older customers are dropping off? What is the case? 
 
The second one was around the annuity fees and our revenue. So, I 
mean, what is the percentage or the amount of annuity fees, the INR 
20 per month fees, which we charge from our customers, constitute 
in our revenues, because what I understand is that we are offering 
some free period for the first 6 months or 12 months and once this 
period ends, then a INR 20 per month on a 2.8 million active client 
base would translate into somewhere around INR 60 crores of 
revenue. So, if you throw some color on that? 
 
And the third one was around ancillary transactions revenues. So, I 
understand that you make some spread on the transaction charges, 
but my back of the envelope calculation suggests that this number 
seems to be very high. So, if you could explain that number as well? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. First I will talk about active customer base, then annuity plan 
and ancillary revenue, Vineet will take it over. See, active customer 
base, as we have moved digital, I don’t see any kind of trend 
deteriorating or their revenue is decreasing, because we have given a 
chart of revenue that we get from customer who are two years and 
less and between two to five years. So, two years and less are all 
digital customers, acquired digitally. So, if you look at that customer 
base, that has been growing, and in terms of they being active also, 
we have seen they are equally active, in fact, a bit more active than 
our physical era. 
 
So, overall, what happens like in terms of percentage wise, you may 
not see a very dramatic improvement because customers that we are 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 35 
acquiring are often similar kind. So, if we are seeing 39% of the 
customer becoming active, so they will remain so for maybe a quarter 
or so till the time we improvise on our journey. But it is better than 
industry average, which is around 32% to 33%. So, we look at, when 
we acquire a customer, whether they become active as they were 
active, say, like in last few quarters. So, answer is we have bettered 
that, in fact. 
 
And second, we look at in terms of their revenue for first year, 
second year, or every month, are we getting equivalent to what we 
were getting one or two years back? So let me briefly tell you that we 
don’t see any kind of deterioration when we talk about breakeven 
point of any customer. So, we give you a hint that breakeven point 
has remained same, like it used to be like four to five months. Today 
also, when we acquire a customer, breakeven is in the region of four 
to five months. So, it has not deteriorated. So, everything in terms of 
customer quality, revenue from them, and margins that we get have 
remained the same, or in fact, it has bettered a bit. 
 
And on your annuity and ancillary revenue, I would ask Vineet to 
comment on that. 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sure. On the annuity part, right now I don’t have the data of the 
breakup. I’ll share with you separately, maybe. And on the ancillary 
income, see what happens is, most of our -- all our clients are retail. 
So, their turnover is quite low as compared to the aggregate turnover 
on which we pay the turnover charges to the exchanges. That’s the 
difference between what we charge and what we pay onwards to the 
exchange. 
 
Sahej Mittal: 
Yes. So, I get that but the pass-through which we make here, the 
pass-through is -- so we charge some INR 345 per crore, and what we 
need to pay is at INR 320 per crore, but the differential somehow 
does not seem to add up. I mean if you could… 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
I mean, I don’t have that entire spreadsheet right now in front of me, 
but I can help you with that later on. 
 
Sahej Mittal: 
Sure. Just a data keeping question. The net broking revenue, my 
calculation presents that the net broking revenue are at INR 271 
crores whereas the number disclosed in the investor presentation was 
INR 275 crores, if you could just clarify what the exact number? 
 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Net broking revenue. Just one second. Can I come back to you on 
this as well? I will just check. 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 35 
 
Hitul Gutka: 
Hi, Sahej. This is Hitul here. So, some part of the fees and 
commission includes the payout been done for the IPO and the other 
distribution business that we have. So, this is the pure broking fees 
and commission that we have reduced from the gross broking 
revenue. 
 
Sahej Mittal: 
Got it. Right. Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks and all the best. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta for 
Maximal Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good morning, sir. And thanks a lot for taking my question. The first 
question is, if I look at your gross revenue mix, it is still, despite all 
the growth in that clientele and addition of features, it’s still we have 
I think, not more than 4%, 5% flowing in from your distribution and 
other income. So, what’s the plan for the overall, in terms of the mix, 
maybe in the next three years? We are still very much a equity-
oriented sort of revenue profile that we have got. So that is one. How 
do you see this mix changing over the next three years? 
 
Second is, I think the activation rate has gone up from 35% odd to 
45% in this quarter, any particular reason behind the same? And 
lastly, your employee expenses have gone up by I think 16%, 17%, 
while your employee number headcount has been the same. So, has 
there been any one-off or large bonuses or anything announced in 
this quarter, which has led to the same or is it because of any other 
reasons? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. So, your first question was on activation you’re saying right? 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, on the gross revenue mix… 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Still looks like 90% of the income is equity… 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. Let me start with that. See, primarily, we believe that we are 
recognized as an equity service provider, stock broking, it may be 
anything related to stocks, future, option, all exchange traded 
considered like asset. So, we want to be a leader over there. I would 
say, that is our prime goal. Second, because we have acquired almost 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 20 of 35 
like more than like 7 million customers or close to 8 million 
customers, we would like to get revenue from other asset classes. 
 
But jumping this into without full preparation is not going to make 
sense, is not going to make leader in that segment. That’s the reason 
we decided to go for Super App. But when we plan to go for a Super 
App, it takes time to build and build all the journeys for different, 
different asset classes. But first, to have an architect of an app, which 
can incorporate all asset classes takes time. That’s the reason we 
announced that we are going for a Super App. That means, we would 
completely change our architecture what we have to a new app, 
where new, new journeys can be included and lots of customization 
can be done. That’s the reason we have postponed this selling third 
party products aggressively for next financial year. 
 
As Narayan explained, that we would be launching this new Super 
App by March, April, that is around first quarter of next financial 
year. And by June, July, we will start incorporating journey for 
different, different asset classes. So, there on you will see that 
revenue from different, different asset classes will increase.  
 
Second, and today we believe that equity itself is under-penetrated. 
And we need to be conscious about having a leadership position over 
there. So, most of our resources currently is going into stabilizing, 
building lots of journey for existing customer that we are acquiring 
for that equity journey. But going forward, next financial year, when 
we launch our new Super App, you will see that app would be having 
multiple journeys to acquire customer, to serve customer for different 
asset classes. 
 
Now coming on your second question about activation. Yes, it has 
improved. Reason, as I said, that we are trying to invest heavily on 
improving our journey for app, and creating a better onboarding 
journey, on education program, we have streaked our content and lots 
of things, which creates like more engagement with new customers 
that we acquire. As Vineet shared, that we have 80% of customers 
who are new to market. So, we are conscious about that. 
 
When a customer is onboarded on our app, day zero and day one is 
very important. And life of a customer to become active is just 15 
days. Beyond that, almost you’ve lost a customer. So, I don’t agree 
with lots of digital players, who say we are acquiring customer and 
we will monetize later. My experience of past 30 years is, when a 
customer is acquired, if you’re unable to engage and create first 
transaction with that customer in the first 15 days, that customer is 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 21 of 35 
almost lost. So, we have improvised on lots of journeys, lots of 
content. Hence, you’re seeing a better activation ratio of new 
customers that we are acquiring. 
 
Second, on employee cost, as we had discussed that we are recruiting 
lots of tech and product talent, which are costly. So, there is like a -- 
we are like reducing our dependency on call center, contact centers 
and all that. So, there is a shift from low-end people to very high-end 
people. So, number may look same, but if you look at growth in 
people who we have deployed from technology, product, there also 
we are trying to get senior most people, keeping in mind, that we are 
getting into an area where actually we need a global talent. So that’s 
the reason you will see for few quarters, there would be an increase 
in technology cost and product cost. That is a conscious decision for 
us to see that we launch best of app and best of service. 
 
Narayan, you would like to comment on this technology part? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So, as Dineshbhai mentioned, first I want to actually point out 
that our activation, just to add to what Dinesh said, that one of the 
main reasons it has gone up is because we have continued to build 
out data science based models that help us structure our customers 
into groups of cohorts. And this cohort-based approach has 
dramatically improved our quality of acquisition of clients and also 
has improved activation of the client within the first 15 days. Because 
as Dinesh mentioned, that 15-day period is a very critical period and 
even within that 15-day, the first 24 hours to 72 hours are even more 
critical. So, we have built sophisticated models that help us connect 
with the customers and guide them towards making their first 
investment within that period. 
 
Now, as far as the technology and the technology broader strategy is 
concerned, see, because we are building a platform-based approach, 
we are one of the only technology FinTech companies today, which 
are -- which has taken a platform-based approach. So, a lot of our 
investment goes into building the right bedrock. And these systems 
that we are talking about, they will serve as a foundation for all our 
products, not just broking. And this shows up in the quality of talent 
that we have recruited. Both, when you look at on the technology 
side, starting from our CTO, all the way to the product side, all of 
this has shown up in various bits and steps, which overall has 
improved our product fidelity, it has improved consistency of our 
experience, and also it has improved the strength of our underlying 
technology stack, as is already evident by our rise in net promoter 
scores, and also, our overall Play Store rankings and things like that. 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 22 of 35 
 
So, hopefully this gives you a good 360 degree perspective on our 
technology, as well as our -- the activation question you asked 
earlier. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sure. Just one thing which could not get answered is, over the next 
three years what could be the possible mix, or at least an aspiration in 
terms of the revenue mix from other asset classes? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, Mr. Gupta, it is very difficult to say like what kind of market 
share we’ll get in different, different opportunities. If you take mutual 
fund, it is mostly direct mutual fund, which will get more popular, 
SIP and all that. So, it is very difficult to predict what kind of 
contribution it will add to revenue. To be indirect kind of 
contribution where our call is that when we acquire a customer for 
say mutual fund and guide them in terms of right approach, SIP and 
direct, we would be able to sell different products like insurance, 
lending product and equity-related product like ETFs and all that., 
where we’d be able to earn something. 
 
So, too early to say about what kind of jump we’ll see. But I would 
say, it is reasonable to say that whatever opportunity other players are 
talking about in FinTech area, we would be having a decent market 
share in that.  
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Do you see at least like equity, any reasonably sized vertical, which 
you will be chasing? Because, for example, we have a significant 
market share in commodity, but in terms of revenue, it’s hardly 
anything. So out of the new asset classes that we are chasing, do we 
see a potential to create or at least chase a vertical which is somewhat 
similar to equity or at least reasonably placed in comparison to 
equity? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
If you look at our revenue mix that we started lending business, I 
think it contributes decent to our revenue. If you look at commodity 
business, there are cycles, like now see, it is not commodity revenues 
have dropped, but equity revenues have jumped to a level where 
commodity seems to be insignificant. Commodity, if you look at last 
three, four years, it used to contribute around 15% or something. So, 
if you look at commodity revenue has not dropped, but equity has 
really jumped to a level where commodity appears like 7%, 8%. 
 
So, my point is that see, that's the reason we feel that equity is 
growing at a rate where we cannot really lose our eye on market 
share in equity business. But going forward, when we are talking 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 23 of 35 
about a business model for next 10, 15 years, we are conscious that 
we should be getting revenue from different, different asset classes. 
Being a FinTech company, we believe that we should be helping 
people in terms of their all-financial, personal finance decision.  
 
So, it would be reasonable to say that going forward, maybe if I take 
-- talk about next five, seven years, there’d be a reasonable revenue 
flow from selling mutual fund, insurance, lending product and all 
that. See, we are using lots of kind of like in technology we are using 
lots of kind of like machine learning and artificial intelligence, so that 
we are able to capture profile of a customer. We are able to capture 
their behaviors and through machine learning guide them what they 
should be taking decision on. 
 
Say, for example, lending. I’m sure that many of our people who 
have taken housing loan, they don’t even take care about that what is 
their credit score, at what rate different banks or different NBFCs 
would make lending available at a cheaper price? But if we have 
some kind of like artificial intelligence build in, who is capturing all 
the data of the market, we can gain big market share when it comes 
to personal finance. So, we believe that when it comes to revenue 
from other asset classes, we would be having a decent market share, 
because we are investing -- upfront investment in that product is 
quite heavy. It takes a year or so to see the results. 
 
So, what I’m confident about is that, when it comes to creating 
revenue from third-party product, we’ll be having a decent market 
share. But it is too early to say right now, because in digital model, 
what is happening, lots of things are becoming free. So, we don’t 
know exactly how much revenue will come from mutual fund, 
insurance and lending businesses. But I think give us few quarters, 
three or four quarters, once we launch our Super App, we’ll come to 
know in terms of what trajectory we are moving towards. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, sir. Congratulations again on a good quarter and all the 
best. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to the 
participants, if you have a question, please press ‘*’ then ‘1’. Also, 
would like to remind participants to please limit your questions to 
two per participant. You may rejoin the question queue if you have a 
follow up. The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar from 
Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 24 of 35 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Yes. Hi Sir, I have couple of questions. Just to begin with, I got a bit 
confused, is it fair to say that when you launch the Super App, the 
journey towards being a super app will be in phases? In the sense, I 
think what you mentioned was, that you would start with broking as a 
module and then introduce various modules, or this would be in one 
go, the entire modules will be up and running? That’s the question 
number one. 
 
Second question was, if you can just clarify whether we need to 
report to SEBI anything on machine learning and AI activity which 
we do and which we are saying that we do, right? So, is there a 
regulation where we have to disclose this to SEBI? 
 
And lastly, what does discoverability mean? You talked about 
discoverability in your PPT, I didn’t understand. I mean, if you can 
help me understand what’s the meaning of this discoverability? Yes, 
three questions. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. Dinesh, I can take the first one. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. Take the first one.  
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
So yes, basically see the -- when you look at discoverability – let’s 
start with the modules, right. See, the most super apps which are 
being built, what we have learnt is, that usually there is no one size 
fits all and there is no one answer for any overall app journey. So, 
most people who start launching a super app and where there are very 
few examples today in the industry, I don’t think there is any app 
today in India, which even qualifies as a super app. What has 
happened is, people have tried to put two, three journeys together and 
called it a super app. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Correct. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
And see, what we have decided is rather than doing that, let us build 
the underlying backend systems in a way that they can scale to 
multiple journeys, that is step one. And step two, we start by building 
the first set of UI modules, UI as in user interface module, which let 
us identify the common features, like profile, your data type, age of 
your customer, and which helps us learn the customer and know 
about their investment preferences, and use that to offer the first 
journey, which is around broking. 
 
Now, as we learn from that experience, on that same foundation, we 
will continue to roll out mutual funds, insurance, gold bonds, like 
bond products, also lending potentially in the future. So, all of those 
will come in phases. The issue with mixing all of them from day one 
is that we don’t have the chance to kind of iterate and evolve with the 
customers’ journey as we launch subsequently better and better 
products and capabilities. So that’s the main thesis behind launching 
it in phases. 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 25 of 35 
 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Sorry, just a follow up. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Why are we reinventing the wheel? Because with the current app 
itself you would have a lot of insights about customer personas and 
the way they trade, etc., right? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
So, why is that you need this new app to again reinvent the wheel? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. Excellent question, actually. See, one of the main reasons -- 
there are two main reasons. One is that as we have -- our customer 
mix has changed quite a bit within the last two to three years. If you 
look at first time entrants to the market, these new first-time entrants 
of today, they’re very different than the first-time entrants of three 
years ago, because today, they have a lot more data and there is a 
proliferation of services and experiences that today’s customer is 
already used to. So, if we go with the app and the flow that we built 
in 2018, 2019, those experiences are already dated. So, this is one of 
the first reasons we need to do a recalibration and build out a new set 
of experiences, which is more in line with what customers want 
today. So that’s the main fundamental reason. 
 
Second thing is, over the last two, three years, what has happened is 
the state of technology has changed dramatically. In fact, the last four 
years, you can say that there’s been like a quantum improvement in 
everything from machine learning to user interfaces. So, we feel that 
the time is now right to actually bring these new experiences to the 
market and we want a platform for the next four to five years. This is 
why we have taken -- that’s why I’ve taken the step of actually 
building this Super App strategy and launching and rolling this out in 
phases. That’s how we are looking at the whole experience. 
 
Now, your other question, regarding there is any SEBI regulation and 
stuff. I’m not personally aware of any such thing because our ML use 
cases are not directly in the trading area, they’re more in the matter of 
personalization and guiding the user. But I would… 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
I will answer that. So, when you’re -- Narayan, when you are saying 
on the product side, let me answer to Prateek rightly. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes.  
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, when you read in some Twitter handle or this thing, news report. 
There is no reporting of AI/ML. SEBI -- this AI/ML reporting has to 
be done to SEBI, okay. So, when it comes to like, the research-based 
AI/ML, because this research-based license is given by SEBI, so that 
has to be reported. But when it comes to using AI/ML for profiling 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 26 of 35 
and all that, that reporting has to be done to NSE, which NSE has not 
made it compulsory. So that statement was wrong, because that is 
only for research-based advisory AI/ML fund manager is using or 
anybody’s using to advise a customer. But when it comes to using 
AI/ML for product, the way we are planning to use in Super App and 
all that, that reporting is not done to SEBI, it is done to NSE and NSE 
right now does not have a format to report AI/ML. So sorry, whoever 
told this, but actually it was a wrong statement. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
It was really helpful. Yes, and last question on discoverability, 
Dineshbhai, what does that mean? I mean you disclosed it in your 
PPT, I mean, I don't understand how do you define discoverability? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes, so discoverability. See, discoverability is a new concept in -- 
which goes hand-in-hand with the Super App. See, discoverability is 
hitting on two dimensions. Discoverability of new features. So let me 
give you an idea, right. So basically, see what happens is when you 
build an app, there is only 5% to 10% of the app features, they make 
up for 90% of user time. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Absolutely right. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
It means 90% of the users are only using 5% to 10% of the features. 
So now, the question becomes, how do you actually surface out the 
remainder right when the customer actually needs it? So there has to 
be a good understanding of the intent and a good understanding of 
data streams that we have to analyze, to see how do we actually 
surface the right context and the right flow, which the customer can 
use to solve a problem. That’s one aspect of discoverability.  
 
And the second aspect of discoverability is that the common set of 
5% to 10% of features, like if you take our app, there are only four 
journeys that actually matter to the customer. Everything else is 
basically -- it’s just bells and whistles, but these four core journeys 
are so critical that their nuances are very different from one customer 
to another. So, when we say discoverability in the product sense, 
what it means is discovering not only the core aspects, but also the 
non-core qualifiers that actually help your app, deliver delight, and 
deliver value to the customer. And if you use the app, you’ll see 
many examples of this. When you place trade, when you look at your 
report, when you try to set MTF limits. So, it’s kind of spread out in 
various core dimensions. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
So, just to take this forward, when you say 1,000% increase in 
discoverability on the MF platform or on that MF tab, right, is it that 
the engagement of the customer visiting that tab much more 
frequently related to what he was?  
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Which means he is trying to understand?  
 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 27 of 35 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes, that’s right. That’s right, because that tells us that there is a 
proactive intent and that’s why we can integrate it into our journey 
better. So, the next time you go to place an order, we know what the 
intent was in the previous time, so we can kind of guide you better. 
That’s the whole idea. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
And just trying my luck. Sorry, last question, you talked about phase 
wise implementation of modules. When do you foresee the app, the 
new app or the new platform which you build, to have a decent 
amount of modules built into it? Is it like a year journey from starting 
next quarter or next financial quarter? Is that the way to think about 
it? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. That’s the right way to think about it. Starting next quarter when 
we launch it, say around April or March-April timeframe, from that 
point on we have a regular release train of features and capabilities, 
which we will launch over the subsequent year. So, you would say -- 
I would say the full strength of the app, probably about 8 to 10 
months from now. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
From quarter one FY ‘23, right? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Okay. Fantastic. Thanks and all the best. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik Sahni from 
Myriad Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Kartik Sahni: 
Thank you. Kudos for your numbers, sir. I just wanted to understand 
the current mix of F&O is around 74% in your gross broking. So 
where do you expect this to be say in the next 12 months? What’s 
your target? Do you expect this to be the major contributor or do you 
see this as only bull market effect? And secondly, I would want to 
understand your long-term target for your cost-to-income? Thank 
you. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. First of all, in terms of mix, because if you see India market, we 
are seeing lots of new investors coming in and they get attracted 
towards -- in F&O also, towards Options. So, we believe that this 
market is going to grow, has tremendous potential. So, percentage of 
this thing -- revenue from this option would be -- will remain high till 
the time we are seeing this under penetration and these new investors 
coming into our market. But having said that, there are many market 
cycles, we have seen many time an equity market is not doing well, 
commodity is doing well. So, this percentage fluctuates. 
 
So, commodity we have seen that today, current rate is around 7% to 
8%. But when equities are low, commodity market revenue, in terms 
of contribution share goes to around 15%, 16%. So that fluctuation 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 28 of 35 
would be there. But overall, we feel that this F&O contribution to 
revenue would be really high for some time to go, till that time we 
reach market penetration of around 10%, today, which is around 5% 
to 5.5%. 
 
And on long-term cost-to-income ratio, as I said that in digital model, 
what happens, whatever cost we have taken is upfronted. So, if we 
start spending less on acquisition, as well as on technology, this is 
going to expand. But currently, our focus is, as I said, includes lots of 
new journeys in our new app. So, lots of spend will go in technology, 
plus we want to increase market share, in total, like revenues, so we 
have to acquire more customers. So, most of the spend is going 
which is upfronted. And so, we are confident for few years till the 
time we reach saturation position in India, our cost-to-income we’ll 
try to maintain at 50%. We are not tempted to expand it. 
 
So, currently focus would be how to increase market share, plus, and 
how to increase wallet share of same customer that we have acquired. 
So progressively, we’ll see margin improving, but for next three to 
four years, our focus is on becoming leader and gaining market share 
in each of the asset classes that we are selling. 
 
Kartik Sahni: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from 
Carnelian. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on fantastic set of 
numbers. Two parts to the questions, sir. If you could help 
understand two aspects, one is, you are having a very impressive 
client addition, as you rightly mentioned by tapping customers, 
which are new to the markets and more from Tier II, Tier III cities, 
right? So, if you could help understand how are we reaching these 
customers? What kind of approach we are using? You said digital 
onboarding is one of the ways to ensure this, right? But if you could 
help understand how are we reaching these guys right? That is the 
first one. 
 
And the second is, what kind of marketing expenditure are we kind 
of spending? If you could help with some numbers, right, to reach out 
those new customers or tap these new customers? That would be 
really helpful, sir. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. As I said that India is total market where there’s a very low-
ticket size. So, the way to reach out this customer is only digital, i.e. 
through social media and through all digital platforms. That requires 
lots of innovation. So, our product and tech team, plus marketing 
team works a lot on innovating different kinds of journeys and 
different kinds of creative material, which can attract people, not only 
creative material, but how to really be creative in terms of language, 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 29 of 35 
in terms of simplicity of whatever is shown to them. So, it is kind of 
a big process that we follow to acquire customer. Gone are the days 
that we can put an ad in TV, or ad in paper and we get a customer, or 
we get customer to branch office.  
 
So digital journey, we have to be innovative, we have to be 
researching lots of new platforms. So, like initially, we started with 
Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn and all that, but currently, we are 
experimenting lots of things so that we are able to get -- gain 
additional market. Plus, second thing is that we are working on 
content, creating new content, trying to educate people on this asset 
class, that helps us to get us lots of customers. Because there is an 
organic traffic, which gets in because of word of mouth and people 
who are using our service, they refer lots of customer. So, it’s a mix 
of lots of engines, which are working together to give us this 
impressive growth.  
 
But second, in terms of cost of marketing expenditure, we don’t 
disclose how much we are expending, we are putting in marketing. 
But as always, we discussed that, our cost of acquisitions-to-revenue 
that we get from customers, or breakeven is around four to five 
months. So, we are looking at pockets where we are able to get this 
kind of breakeven from customer and try to expand maximum. So, 
we don’t have fixed limit, how much we’re going to spend, we are 
ready to spend as long as we are able to maintain this cost-to-revenue 
ratio. 
 
Narayan, you would like to add anything on this? On digital 
acquisition and something? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. So, as Dinesh mentioned, the way we tune the top of the funnel, 
right from acquisition, all the way through activation, and then all the 
way to cultivation, all the three steps are largely driven by a series of 
technology-based initiatives. As Dinesh, I think at the start of the 
meeting already mentioned, about trading propensity. Similarly, there 
is a dormancy model analysis, there is a MTF propensity, there is a 
F&O propensity, all of these are built with the idea of not only 
accelerating the revenue conversion, but also built with the idea of 
driving the engagement to the next level. 
 
And this model that we have built, they are built with a holistic lens 
in mind, across analytics, across data sourcing, and also data 
preparation. So, there is a lot of processes, and lots of systemic 
journeys, which go into delivering any particular acquisition 
experience, or even a cultivation experience in our funnel 
optimization phase, right from the time we acquire the customer, all 
the way to getting them to trade. 
 
And as Dinesh mentioned earlier, those days are gone, where we can 
just put up a TV ad and just kind of cultivate a cohort or customer. 
That doesn’t work anymore. That works in small pockets. So, what 
we have also actively done is, we have grown our organic strategy 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 30 of 35 
quite a bit. So, in our organic strategies, we are one of the few online 
brokers today that has best-in-class video content and best-in-class 
trade content. Like if you go to YouTube, we are one of the best rated 
in terms of not only content creation, but also content consumption 
experiences, which is very much in line with what customers want. 
We are also actively pursuing a social strategy, where our 
influencers, they kind of use our platform to drive even greater reach 
across our clients. 
 
So, all these journeys not only drive up our organic traffic, in 
addition to our research reports and all that, but they also build a very 
powerful client base, which we know we can monetize very 
systematically over a long period of time. So that is just -- that is I 
wanted to add that to round up on Dinesh’s answer which he gave 
earlier. So, hopefully that answers your question. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. To a great extent. Just one follow up on this. So basically, there 
is no physical engagement at a Tier II or Tier III level of any sort, 
say, probably a DSA helping us acquire the customer and then we 
taking -- onboarding completely digital and then cultivation of that 
activation and cultivation of that client, right? It’s completely digital 
in that sense. So, to understand when we are onboarding new 
customers. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar: 
Yes. The onboarding journeys, it’s completely digital. We have a 
B2B business also, where there are many clients who contract also go 
through the same digital journey. So, our journey is digital, but our 
touch points also are digital, except that in some cases, we also have 
a strong presence, where we use the physical channels as appropriate. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishant Shah from 
Point72 Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Nishant Shah: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I’m a little new to the 
company. So, a little bit of a basic question, perhaps from my end. 
Could you talk about the -- say, the vintage, Or what I’m trying to 
understand is how does the revenue per client kind of move over 
time? You’ve acquired say a new customer, a Tier II customer, who’s 
probably a new customer trading in the market for the first time, how 
have these customers over say, the last year, year and a half scaled up 
in terms of their revenue? Are these -- what I’m trying to essentially 
understand is, are these guys trying to just dabble in the markets, 
probably get burned, and then they go off, maybe do a few 
transactions a month, and that’s about it? Or is it like do you see a 
more sustainable trend where the transactions for these customers 
kind of keep sustaining? That’s one thing that I’m trying to 
understand, if you could shed some light over there in terms of the 
stickiness of these customers over time? Yes. 
 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 31 of 35 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, Nishant, we have moved to this model, digital model from April 
2019. Prior to that, we used to track customer lifecycle and what we 
realized that customers that we acquired in any point in time are able 
to give us revenue five years and beyond. So, we always take like 
lifetime value of five years what we get from that cohort, from that 
set of customers that we acquire. And for digital model, we don’t 
have -- we haven’t completed five years. So, I can just talk about 
period that we have completed around two and half years. 
 
So, if I map revenue of customer that we get from a digital model to 
that physical model and compare it month-on-month, what we are 
seeing that revenue that we get from digital customer and Tier II and 
new customer, revenue is bit lesser than what we used to get that 
reflects in our declining ARPU, but growth in the segment is quite 
tremendous, quite huge. It is in like in triple digit, unlike in physical 
market, where it was 15% 16%. 
 
And second, when I map revenue per month. So, month-on-month, 
what we are seeing drop in revenue is not as high as it used to be in 
physical. One, physical, because client is mapped to dealers, if dealer 
attrite so that set of customer goes away. In digital, when we acquire 
a customer, stickiness is higher. So, our trend when we compare for 
two and half year, it is showing a better growth from the base of what 
we start from the first month. 
 
So, we are expecting that at least lifetime revenue of this customer 
also would be five years and higher. But when we make our business 
model, what we make is five years revenue and what’s the cost to 
serve that customer. So, looking at five-year model of this digital 
customer, we are seeing that margin in this cohort is far more higher 
than what used to be, but ARPUs are a bit lower. 
 
So overall life of a customer is five years and beyond, it is not that 
they just trade for few months, and then they just walk out. That’s the 
reason we share data of market volatility and number of trades that 
increases on exchanges. Similar pattern we see with our customer 
also, when market is volatile, it is not that they go away totally. They 
may take a pause for a few days or a month even, but again, they start 
trading or investing with us. And at least for five years, we’re able to 
see trend of a customer, what we saw in that previous era continues. 
That is, for two and a half year is showing very encouraging kind of 
numbers, which are far better if I compare month-on-month kind of 
revenue that we get from new customers. 
 
Nishant Shah: 
Perfect, sir. Understood. Second follow-up question, see the last 
couple of years have been relatively more of a one way kind of bull 
run for the equities. So how do you -- how should we think about the 
cyclicality of this revenue stream of broking and like this from a 
more medium-term perspective, how are you thinking about 
diversifying 70% of our revenue in the broking thing comes from 
F&O. I assume that inherently will be a lot more cyclical. And if we 
see a deep enough corrections probably some of the revenue starts to 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 32 of 35 
go off. So, what I’m trying to think about is, do you have any 
medium-term projections, so when you build out a super app, how 
much of the revenue will become more secular in nature, and how 
much of it will still be a little more secular? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Okay. So this is a very common concern and perception that industry 
has, that’s the reason this time we have added one slide on cyclicity 
and volatility of the market. I would request you to go through that. 
But briefly to tell you about that, see, perception is that when market 
goes down, retail participation shy away from market. But if you 
look at, I’m talking about my experience, I’ve been talking about my 
experiences since last few quarters, but this time we tried to put data 
in our presentation. If you look at data, whenever market has 
dropped, I’m talking about last 15 years, say by 5% to even 50%, 
Lehman Brothers crisis and all that, you see the number of trade that 
happen on NSE has in fact increased. So, decline was only when 
there was a SEBI regulation on contract size of F&O, which was 
increased. But overall, when you see market when it declines or 
when there is cyclicity, number of trade on exchanges have grown. 
 
So, this perception that when market goes down, revenue of a broker 
will drop or they will suffer, there is no data which suggest that. In 
fact, I would request you to go through that data and we have given 
Angel’s data also. Like when a market has dropped, how number of 
trade dropped or increased within our customer base. So, we are not 
agreeable to that, that when market is cyclical or volatile, our 
businesses are going to be impacted in a major way. 
 
Having said that, we are seeing a big opportunity in third-party 
product, in product where we can get annuity income and all that, but 
it will take its own time for us to really build a very sustainable 
model in those asset classes and give a prediction of what revenue we 
will get from this kind of annuity products or product where stability 
is high. But I believe, till the time in India under penetration is there, 
we will see sustained growth in revenue from broking business of 
coming from stock market as well as commodity. 
 
Nishant Shah: 
Fair, sir. Just one last bit of clarification that I need. Like I’m 
referring to your Slide 14, where you’ve given this data, and 
apologies, I should have checked that before. What I here want to 
understand in a little bit more nuance is like in your own history, 
whenever like market has gone through those periods of volatility or 
deep correction and you’ve not actually seen declines in trades, has 
that been more broad-based? Like even these relatively new 
customers or say customers which you have newly acquired, do they 
also continue to trade or is it more of the professional or slightly 
more seasoned investors who continue to trade offsetting some of the 
volume of these new customers who go off? Just this little bit of 
nuances if you can throw some color on it. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Excellent question. Yes, excellent question. See, as I said that, if we 
look at NSE’s data, there can be decline in volume. Previously we 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 33 of 35 
were charging as per volume. So, we also used to face some decline 
of revenue declined by 10%, 15% or 20%. But now, if you look at 
orders, number of orders have not declined. So, now we have 
completely changed our model to Flat Fee base. So, that means we 
charge as per order. So, what happens when market declines, a 
customer who is taking exposure of INR 2 lakhs may take just INR 1 
lakh, 50% lesser but revenue that customer will give will remain 
same. So, our revenue depends on number of order and number of 
trades done on exchange now. So, with change in model that has 
happened, digital brokers will not see that kind of volatility in 
revenue as a traditional broker will see. 
 
Nishant Shah: 
Understood. Understood. Perfect. Thank you. That’s it from me. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Akshay Ashok 
from Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. Mr. Akshay Ashok, you 
may please go ahead with your question. Members of the 
management, please allow me a minute, while I check the connection 
for the current. Mr. Akshay Ashok, you may please go ahead with 
your question, sir. 
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Hello? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Hello.  
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Initiated 
coverage on stock of your company exactly a year back and great to 
see company go from strength to strength. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you. 
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Now get so much interest from the investor community. Yes, I had 
just one question, sir. So, this market share in incremental demat 
accounts you used to give the data. This time, did you give that data 
because I didn’t see it, because in Q2 FY ‘22, it had dropped to 
15.3% from 16.6%. So, what is the market share in incremental 
demat account for Q3? 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, this quarter we have not given… 
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Data and investor contribution. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes. 
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Because market share is… 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
It has got distorted as lots of people who are coming to this market 
they’re more interested in selling lots of other product. So, if you 
look at few players who are acquiring customer, not just to serve 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 34 of 35 
equity market, but maybe they have different plans. So, it was not 
giving a right picture in terms of where we stand. 
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Okay. Okay.  
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
So, it was not like we had to give numbers. So we included new 
slides which can help you to better understand this business, but lots 
of players who are coming to sell third-party product and all that, 
they are acquiring customer without even knowing what they’re 
going to sell, but they are right now more focused on acquiring 
customers. So, that may not be right metric to really compare now.  
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Okay. And commodity, I think the person from Envision also asked, 
because it has always been your market share has been 25.5%, 
25.6%, 27.7%, even last quarter, it has suddenly risen to 36.4% in 
Q3. So, you told that it’s because you guys have been in commodities 
for a long time, but how suddenly from -- always it has been 25%, 
26%, 27% and suddenly the jump has been to 36.4%. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, this has been part mystery for us also, not that we have done 
anything different than what we have made improvement on equity 
journey and commodity journey. But what happens like when we see 
the number, backward we will do some working that what must have 
happened. It is not that I can say with some concrete evidence that 
this has happened. So, what we feel that being into digital like 
previously, this market was ruled by physical, as well as digital -- 
like physical people, but when it has lots of participants have become 
digital, they would search for a broker where they had a comfort in 
commodity segment and plus that broker was digital. So, we can just 
find out one answer. Otherwise changes that we have done in terms 
of journey and commodity and as well as in equity market is almost 
same. 
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Congratulations. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you.  
 
Akshay Ashok: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Dinesh Thakkar for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this earning call. 
India’s FinTech industry is at the cusp of strong growth. 
Organization that have pivoted to digital model are bound to have a 
superior growth trajectory, as they take the lead to explore new 
pockets and cultivate them to become future growth drivers. Our 
strategy will be to focus on technology and product development, and 
thus ensuring that Angel cements its position as a leader in this 
digital space, not only in client acquisition, but also by growing 
profitability. Our strong tech and product team is rich in global and 

 
Angel One Limited 
January 18, 2022 
 
 
Page 35 of 35 
retail consumer related experience, which we will leverage as we 
move towards catering to a larger magnitude of clients in time to 
come. 
 
For further queries, please do reach out to Hitul Gutka, our Head IR 
and SGA, our Investor Relation Advisor. I wish you all a good day 
ahead. Stay safe, stay strong. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Angel One Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
