 
Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2022 
 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
The Relationship Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
                                     
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on February 11, 2022 
 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated February 1, 2022 towards investor/ 
analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your records a copy of 
the transcript of the said conference call conducted by the Company on February 11, 2022. 
 
We request you to please take this intimation on your record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
 
 
 VINAYA 
ABHIJIT 
JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
VINAYA ABHIJIT 
JOSHI 
Date: 2022.02.14 
10:58:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited Q3 FY-22 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWATH RAM – MD, CUMMINS INDIA 
LIMITED. 
MR. AJAY PATIL – CFO, CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cummins India Limited Q3 FY22 Earnings 
Conference Call. We hope you all are keeping safe and healthy. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I will now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ashwath Ram, MD, Cummins India Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Ashwath Ram, I am the Managing Director of 
Cummins India Limited. I hope you and your families are all doing well and staying safe. Joining 
me on today’s call is our CFO, Mr. Ajay Patil. Thank you for joining us for the CIL Financial 
Results Call for Q3 2021-22.  
Cummins is navigating this period of uncertainty from a position of strength and I’m happy to 
inform you that Q3 was a record quarter for CIL in terms of revenue, EBIT our distribution, 
industrial and our associate JV companies that is CGT and VCL all recorded their best ever 
sales. This record quarter was possible due to strong demand from our key markets like data 
centers, health care, infrastructure, commercial real estate and manufacturing. Gradually 
improvement in supply chain is another factor which helped in meeting demand for the quarter. 
While we do see some improvement in the supply chain, there is still quite a bit of uncertainty 
and constraints on semiconductors, electronic parts and quite a few other commodity linked 
items. As we share our organization’s growth through another wave of COVID-19 our top 
priority will remain the safety and wellbeing of our employees and communities.  
Now, I would like to share the financial results of Q3 FY22 through this call. For the quarter 
ended December 31, 2021 with respect to the last year same quarter our sales at Rs.1701 crore 
was higher by 21% compared to Rs.1200 crore recorded in the same quarter last year. domestic 
sales at Rs.1261 crores increased by 23% export at Rs.240 crores increased by 18%. Profit before 
tax an exceptional items at Rs.320 crores is 5% higher as compared to Rs.304 crore recorded in 
the same quarter last year. For the quarter ended December 31, 2021 with respect to sequential 
or last quarter, our sales at Rs.1701 crore higher by 1% compared to Rs.1689 crore recorded in 
the last quarter. Domestic sales at Rs.1261 crores increased by 1%. Exports at Rs.440 crores was 
sustained at the same level. Profit before tax and exceptional items at Rs.320 crores increased 
by 9% compared to Rs.293 crores recorded in the last quarter. 
Segment wise breakup for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. The sales breakup segment 
wise are in the domestic market. Power generation domestic sales were Rs.501 crore, 21% 
increase over last year and 21% decrease over last quarter. Distribution business sales were 
Rs.450 crores, 23% increase over last year, as well as 23% increase over last quarter. Industrial 
domestic business sales were 291 crore, 22% increase over last year and 27% higher than last 
quarter.  

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Exports, higher horsepower export sales were 193 crores, 4% decrease over last year and 20% 
decrease over last quarter, low horsepower export sales were 216 crore, 48% increase over last 
year and 33% increase over last quarter.  
As far as Cummins India financial guidance is concerned, the company expects the current trend 
of sustained growth across industries and segments. Demand from various market and end 
markets continues to be positive. The impact of the third wave of COVID-19 is still under 
scrutiny. The company continues to work on stabilizing supply chains and part supplies. 
Considering the uncertainty, surrounding the business environment and the supply chains, the 
company will not be providing the FY22 forecast. With this, I now open the session for 
questions. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. First question is from Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Sir, if you can give the break up once again for this quarter will be greater sir, because I missed 
a couple of numbers. So, power gen you told 501 crores and then in the distribution business, 
you told 250 crores? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The distribution business is 450 crores. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
250 crores. So, compared to last year. 
Ashwath Ram: 
450 crores. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. And industrial was 291? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That’s correct.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And exports is 409 total? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Exports is 440 crores. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it.  And sir if you can give some thoughts on what kind of price increase that we have taken 
since the first price increase that we would have taken last year on a blended basis and how much 
more price increase is needed going forward if you can? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, I won’t give you exact numbers on price increases, all I can say is that we have tried to keep 
up the price increases along with commodity increases, but typically this lags behind us, I would 
say it lags behind about a quarter and a half in the catch up kind of basis. So, we do see some 
back of the commodities on the margin, but we continue to increase prices to offset the 
commodity increases. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. But the past 12 to 18 months we would have taken high single digit price increase, is that 
something near that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It depends on the market segment. So, I can’t give you one exact number but we are trying to 
keep up with the commodities that’s the best way you can look at it because some segments are 
very heavily impacted by commodities some are not as much so it depends on which segment 
and which market we don’t really do like a peanut butter price increase across everything, we 
go to it based on which market, which segment and how much impact we have had from a cost 
perspective.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. Sir, and with respect to the Power Gen business, we have seen good growth. So, how 
much of it would be driven by key sectors like data centers, if you can give any segmental share 
across different sectors it will be really great sir in the Power Gen business, data center, 
commercial. 
Ashwath Ram: 
As of now we don’t give segmental share because very difficult to get that information from the 
market in a live kind of basis. But, I can tell you that the sectors that I mentioned data center, 
manufacturing, pharma, healthcare, commercial reality, all of these have started to pick up pretty 
strongly. And we are starting to see some signs of bounce back even in infrastructure and some 
areas for residential reality as well.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. And with respect to export my final question, so which geographies are seeing, are 
they seeing any pickup any specific geography that you are seeing that is seeing good traction 
oil at $90, Middle East Africa how the traction is? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, just to give you a little bit of which markets are doing better, in the last quarter of the calendar 
year. Typically, most markets actually slow down a little bit as they shut down for Christmas. 
And then they ramp up a little bit slowly in the January month as they come back from Christmas 
vacation. So, Latin America was a little bit slower than the previous quarter. Asia pack continue 
to pick up and start to bounce back. Europe has been picking up quite well and has done better 
than the previous quarter. Middle East continue to pick up as you have attributed as their funds 
increase with oil price going up that business there is picking up. Africa as a market, which has 
been very subdued and they have felt the biggest impact in the global terms from all of these 
COVID crisis. They continue to languish a little bit.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir my first question is, if you look at the export part of the business, despite the seasonality in 
terms of slowdown, we have managed sequentially flat numbers in revenue terms. So can you 
highlight as in which applications earlier you had spoken about Telecom as one of the key sectors 
driving growth. But in terms of end market applications, which are the sectors you think can 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
help us recover exports in same double digit levels and do you perceive any risk to volume or 
off take to Europe, emits the UK, Ukraine and Russia standoff? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly all of those factors have a little bit of impact, but we are recovering from multi year 
lows in the low horsepower business. So that continued to either perform well for us. And as we 
had previously told you, we have launched quite a few new products, which are fit for market 
products in the global market. And so we are starting to see some dividend payoff in those 
markets. So that’s why no horsepower continue to do well, and some of the newer products that 
we have launched all of those continued to do well. I’m not sure how much impact, the Ukraine 
crisis is going to have on the overall demand, you have to wait and watch. Certainly, some of 
our products go into those kinds of regions as well. But Europe is also beginning to recover and 
has opened up a lot more from a business perspective. So could that offset each other, we have 
to wait and watch and that’s why we would like to be a little bit cautious because so many 
variables are unknown still at the time, but overall, as of now the order book still look reasonably 
strong and confident.  
Renu Baid: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is industrial segment after quite a few quarters is now back on a 
very strong footing. So how are we seeing the growth outlook across the key markets 
construction, rail, marine and if you can share numbers. Along with this construction equipment 
in specific where we had new emission norms being implemented two quarters back so how is 
that market panning with respect to acceptance of new price hikes and demand off take? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So we got off a little slow after the monsoon. If you look at the spend of infrastructure by the 
government, on road building, et cetera after the monsoons, it didn’t pick up as much. So it 
started off a little bit slowly, but it has picked up, which means this quarter we had sales of 95 
crores in construction which was better than the previous quarter, but it’s not yet back, it’s not 
yet going all out. So we have optimism that it will, as the year progresses it will continue to pick 
up, we still think in this quarter it may not recover as strongly because there are elections going 
on, election plans going on in multiple states, the big state some of them and so, construction 
has not yet picked up as strongly but the outlook is positive, the products are doing well. And 
we continue to be extremely bullish about the prospects of construction on a multiyear growth 
kind of perspective. Rail was the segment which had taken the biggest hit in the whole nearly 
two years of COVID and it is starting to slowly return back, we did about 83 crores in this 
quarter, which is an improvement versus the previous couple of quarters. Compressor continues 
to remain steady at about 39 crores. Again, activities like compressor are very heavily driven by 
the government allowing drilling for water for farmers, etc. So when some of those activities are 
impacted, then quarter-on-quarter you see some trends which are a little difficult to predict. But 
when you look at it on a year-on-year basis, we remain optimistic that we continue to grow in 
those and the smaller segments like mining and marine, they continue to remain strong and keep 
doing better quarter-on-quarter. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. One last question if I can ask here, our cash on books has remained pretty steady and now 
stronger on a sequential basis as well. So how do we plan to utilize this cash, you have announced 
interim dividend, what else would be on cards in terms of using the cash?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, with the PPCB four plus kind of launch happening pretty soon now. Some of those 
investments are going in product development. And we are looking at most of the growth ideas 
are all focused on trying to bring in new product, trying to upgrade the technologies and some 
of the products, get some of our facilities upgraded to do future product as some of the older 
ones get obsolete. So that’s the way we are thinking of utilizing some of the cash. And then if 
we see some interesting options and interesting ideas on where we can move quickly, certainly 
we are open and looking for some kind of ideas to get faster growth. 
Renu Baid: 
Any investment plans for clean energy or hydrogen in the near term? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We have bid for quite a few tenders. So, if we were to win some of those tenders, then those 
investments are likely to come in. But, we remain optimistic that we should be able to win a few 
orders in this calendar year and make a breakthrough there. So, if we are going to win some of 
these orders, yes subsequent investments will be coming in.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My first question is that, inflation has been surging globally. We have seen parent reporting 
under lower gross margins in the Power Gen segment and we continue to still remain, we got 
very robust numbers that, so just wanted to check with you, are we playing better in terms of 
price, competitiveness, to supply to the export market, so if you can give some? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I didn’t get your question very, very clearly. But, I will try to answer it to what I think I 
understood. Certainly exports is better for us as compared to the domestic market we get much 
better price realizations than the export. So that’s one part of it. Second is as the market leader 
in it India in power generation, we do see significantly better margins in power generation as 
compared to others and which is why there is as we hold or gain market share there is always 
cost pressure from the India market, but we continue to not only target growth, but also growth 
in profitability. So, we will continue to remain focus to make sure that not only are we growing, 
but not just buying market share for the sake of market share, but market share with decent 
profitability is the way we think about it. So, we will continue the actions necessary to win on 
both counts, to win with product, to win with market share and to win with better profitability.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. My second question was on the hydrogen strategy. So, we have seen some of the larger 
players like Reliance and Larsen and others Adani they know how to be strategic in energy 
strategy and on the CAPEX plans. So, you touch upon hydrogen part earlier but you have a 
buying from the global parent on this, do you thing significant capital outlay is being made over 
next few years on localizing this technology, producing in India. So, if you can give some sense 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
of that, how will the clean energy portfolio emerge for us in India, more on the localization side 
of it? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So Cummins in India, we have been in India for nearly 60 years now. And our experience tells 
us that we are never successful in India unless we localized. So, it’s never going to be a strategy 
for Cummins to just import something and just sell it here. If there is sustained demand, of course 
we will do that in the short term when you don’t have enough demand or when there are 
economies of scale somewhere else. But in the long term, India is moving towards the hydrogen 
economy, Cummins is heavily invested in India, and we will continue to invest in the hydrogen 
economy. Some of the names you mentioned, those and many others are big consumers of the 
product, we are the technology suppliers. So, certainly we would want to talk to them and many 
others to bring our products into the country and help the country meet its objectives from 
becoming a carbon neutral kind of country.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir, on this EGM announcements. So there’s a point two which is the transaction and ordinary 
course of business Cummins Technologies India Private Limited. If you can elaborate on what 
is this item maybe some more granularity? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It’s more compliance related matter, related to related party transaction where the authorized 
when a certain percentage, when you do a related party transaction greater than a certain 
percentage, then you need to have it approved by the shareholders. And because business has 
been better, we have had to do that and the EGL is just to normalize that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Lastly sir any plans on the merger, any update that if you can share? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Nothing I can share at this time. So I’ll leave my comments with that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Kothari from AlfAccurate. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So sir my question is, last time you gave a very detailed your view on the ministry notification 
that you are closely working with government any further, thought progress from that 
perspective in last three, four months how do you think that can evolve? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Moving forward, just as we had forecasted and there is nothing new report in this quarter, but 
it’s moving forward exactly as was discussed earlier, and the dates that were confirmed by the 
ministries are going to hold to it.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
So basically, what is the date now as per the realized one because earlier it was April we did 
transfer, shifted something? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The date continues to remain July 23 as was previously announced,  

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Okay. And also, from the overall zero emission footprint related that notification not to use Digi 
said for all that stuff, any further clarity on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The ministry has issued a clarification and Cummins has been very clear that Cummins as a 
company is committed to get to a carbon neutral position by 2050 India itself has committed to 
get to a carbon neutral position only by 2070. So, we are all for, all means and methods necessary 
to get there. But there is a short term plan, a medium term plan and a long term plan. In the short 
term plan, the best way to help the environment is by tightening emissions, by introducing 
biofuels, fuels like ethanol, et cetera and blending them with diesel, so that you get a benefit 
with the infrastructure you already have invested in. And then as we move forward to move to 
alternate energies like LNG, CNG, et cetera we will have talked about technologies that we have 
which we are leaders in like, introducing hydrogen in internal combustion engine, and then in 
the long term moving to a hydrogen kind of economy, which is more in the 25, 30 year kind of 
timeframe. So we have had these kinds of conversations with the relevant ministries, and they’re 
pretty aligned that this is the best strategy for the country.  
Rajesh Kothari: 
Great. And my second question is with reference to the margins, do you think that once the 
inflation is probably, you pass through the entire increase in commodity, do you think the 
operating leverage and product mix, will finally lead to probably longer term better margins 
compared to what you’ve seen in last two, three years? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We are striving for that, as you must have seen from what similar kinds of companies like our 
we have globally been going through, the commodity inflation has been so significant, and for 
severe that we have done significant work on cost management and getting leverage in the 
operational space in the cost space, in the people space. But, the question of whether we will be 
able to improve margins, one commodity stabilize, the answer is we really think so. And we 
have demonstrated that in the past, and we are continuously striving to keep improving our 
operational efficiencies and get better margin. So my answer is, yes I think so. And we are pretty 
focused towards continuing to improve our margins.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Mayur Liman from Profit Mart Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Mayur Liman: 
I just want to ask, what is the outlook for the next quarter. How do you see the quarter four now 
and what is the plan for the CAPEX, that are the two questions from my side.  
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so on the outlook typically Q4 from a domestic market perspective, are the second weakest 
quarter in the year mainly because what happens is, all the big government tenders all the big 
OEMs, et cetera they start to wrap up the year and shutdown on inventory sometime by early 
March. So they start to taper down their buying, and then they start buying again in the month 
of April. So this quarter is typically weaker. And also you get the double whammy that the global 
export market because they shut down for Christmas. They begin work only at the end of the 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
first week of January. So you lose almost two weeks in January as those guys begin to start to 
ramp up. So typically, historically we’ve seen that this quarter, you start off the gate a little bit 
slow and then you start picking up and we are still constrained with quite a few supply chain 
problems. On the domestic side, our order boards are very strong, but we continue to remain 
constrained by supply chain so I’m kind of forecasting a slightly weaker quarter compared to 
the previous quarter, but it’s a difficult comparison because the previous quarter was the best 
quarter we’ve ever had in history. So, relatively it is going to be slightly weaker.  
Mayur Liman: 
Okay sir. And second question is, what is the plan for the CAPEX?  
Ashwath Ram: 
It’s nothing significant most of the investment in CAPEX is either sustenance CAPEX and some 
continued CAPEX from a growth perspective. No major capital expenditures are planned in this 
quarter.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Rajesh from ITI Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
Sir my question is around, our medium term and long term plans, which you just mentioned 
answering the previous question. The thing is most of our plans for future are hinged around 
hydrogen economy and hydrogen technology, which is slightly behind in terms of or the timeline 
is slightly more extended, what is more imminent is electrification in storage, as well as for 
vehicles. So, how exactly are we preparing for that, because most of our product segments and 
end user industries rather they are looking at this sort of shift towards electrify economics. So, 
do you think we are at a risk where in the interim period when hydrogen is still evolving, but 
our end users or end masters are facing the brunt of shift to electrification. So do we have any 
plan on what are basically our thoughts first of all on the risk from that, and on the mitigation?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so we have always considered ourselves a fuel agnostic kind of company. And over the last 
10 years, Cummins has been making significant investments in the EV economy, we own quite 
a few battery companies, we own battery integration to vehicle and powertrain kind of 
companies, we own some of the largest companies making hydrogen based products. So we keep 
continuing to evolve in the new energy technology spaces. We have won quite a few orders in 
these spaces, we have set up capacities in North America, in Europe, in China, the areas where 
the biggest amount of money currently is available for some of these investments, we already 
have large facilities and they’re continuing to evolve the technology including those of battery 
as well as electrically driven powertrain. So we think the transition as I mentioned is a three 
stage transition the short term, where we will continue to see diesel actually increase for the next 
four or five years before it starts to decrease a little bit. And in that timeframe, you’ll start to see 
the emergence of other fuels like blended fuels like ethanol, methanol, LNG, and then CNG all 
coming in. Once that, those are still fossil based fuels or plant based news. From there, we will 
migrate to what we call a partially hybrid economy, where there will be some amount of 
electrification coupled with some of these older technologies. And then there will be a gradual 
migration to either full electrical vehicles and fuel cell based applications. From an India 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
perspective, when we look at it, India doesn’t have any much of lithium deposits or some of 
these rare metals, et cetera in our kitty. So if we were to take a very aggressive battery based 
strategy, it would only benefit our most aggressive neighbor. So for our economy and hydrogen 
based economy is a better strategy from a long term perspective and Cummins is very well 
positioned to take advantage of that situation and introduce some of the leading products that we 
have into these markets. And that’s exactly what we’re trying to do.  
Rajesh: 
Okay. And just one small doubt sir, when you said diesel will initially increase for a few years, 
where does this, how exactly you arrived at this particular observation or conclusion? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so this is what we are seeing around the world. So as countries get more affluent, as the 
economies gets bigger and stronger, there is a huge spend of infrastructure, there is a spend on 
building roads, highways, and then the average vehicle speed, et cetera go up. And right now, 
the only available technology to be able to do that in the short term is with diesel. So there’s a 
likelihood for diesel demand, we’re seeing demand for diesel for our existing diesel products 
around the world at an all-time high. And so, this trend is likely to continue. The second thing 
that is happening is there is consolidation happening around the world which means the smaller 
players or OEM who used to also make some of their own engines, et cetera are focusing their 
capital investment and their energy on some of the newer technology. So they are not able to 
continue to make investments in these cleaner diesel technologies, which as we are going to 
Euro six, Euro seven, we are not able to keep up with those investments. So players like 
Cummins who continue to invest heavily in this space, are seeing the effect of consolidation and 
so our demand actually is increasing. So that’s where we are seeing that diesel demand is likely 
to increase for the next few years before they move to alternate energies.  
Rajesh: 
Okay and just one follow up question if I may check in. Sir, similarly, in the way you explained 
on the Indian side of the gas oil engine, how are the things placed and what’s the outlook on the 
Digi sec side, because for them, the computing thing will be energy storage were actually much 
cheaper electrification options, or the chemistries are available and are being explored. So, do 
you think that Digi sec is a segment which can get disrupted faster by electrification and how 
are we prepared on that side? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It will get disrupted but at the lower end of the range, below 10 kV where Cummins has a very, 
very low part to play in right now. But Cummins has battery technologies and electrification 
technologies. So as a strategy, we could put those into play and actually enter into some of those 
segments where currently we do not have business today, so if that happens at a faster rate we 
will be quite happy for that. And we will then be ready with technologies to enter into those 
markets.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Abhishek Basumallick from Intelsense. Please go ahead.  

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Abhishek Basumallick: 
So, I have a couple of questions. One is, if you could share some insights on how your data 
center business is shaping up, that’s the first question and the second one is what are the actual 
kinds of projects that you are participating in when you say we are bidding for hydrogen 
technology projects, so what are the types of projects that you’re doing, what are the typical, 
signs in terms of orders for those projects, and how do you see the near term outlook for 
hydrogen for Cummins. Thank you.  
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. So, our data center outlook is very positive. There is as demand for 5G and storage of data. 
People are using more computers, people are working out of home more, people are OTTs is 
increasing, more people are watching movies on Netflix and so many other things. The amount 
of bandwidth required, the amount of storage required, the amount of local storage required to 
serve content to millions of subscribers. All that means is that you need bigger and more data 
centers around the country. And when you look at the big players around the world, they are 
adding significant capacities into India. So we think in the next five years we are going to see 
more than double digit growth in this market. And typically, these are all big gensets. And 
Cummins, it’s an advantage because we have localized most of those products in India. And so 
that’s a big advantage for us to be able to supply this. And we also have experience supporting 
data centers, some of the biggest data centers in the world are run with Cummins gensets. So, 
we have a great experience to run these in India. So that’s why we are so bullish about that. 
Abhishek Basumallick: 
And what is your market share in Indian datacenter as of now, approximately?  
Ashwath Ram: 
I won’t give you exact numbers, but I will say we are the largest player.  
Abhishek Basumallick: 
Okay, but is it like 10%, 15%, 20%, 30%?  
Ashwath Ram: 
You are again asking me for numbers, you need to draw some conclusion. 
Abhishek Basumallick: 
I am not asking you for exact numbers, but our offsets? 
Ashwath Ram: 
You can say we are significantly the largest player. Okay, so I’ll to your next question. So, on 
hydrogen the kinds of projects we are bidding for is in two spaces, one is in the automotive 
space, and here we are bidding for these are just prototypes product project. So, there will be 
projects in Leh or Ladakh where somebody wants to run just five buses on hydrogen with a small 
electrolyzer unit and then run it with hydrogen fuel cells, those are the smaller kinds of projects, 
then there are some demonstration projects on electrolyzers, where for some applications like 
small field plants, et cetera people are still trying to prove out the model that hydrogen generated 
from electrolyzers how cost effective that is. So those kinds of projects we continue to bid for 
and then we are also bidding for bigger projects like we are bidding for a train which run on 
hydrogen fuel cell for the railway. So those are much bigger scale projects, again the first is all 
for to build a couple of protos make sure they are running well. But when you look at our 
portfolio of what we are doing in places like in Europe, we have now got like 100 trains running. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
So if we were to, win some of these orders of India, we could start off quite aggressively here. 
And as the business model is getting proven out more and more demand is slowly starting to 
increase. As of now, the cost of hydrogen is something like $7 per kg and folks like Reliance 
and many others around the world, their ambition is to get to $1 per kg. So there’s still quite 
some work to be done quite a way to go there. And we are on that path.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.  
Pulkit Patni: 
Ashwath you mentioned in one of your remarks that Q3 tends to be relatively weak for exports. 
But if I look at your history, every year it is Q3 where you’ve typically done the highest export 
within that particular year. Now with that context, given that you’ve done about 440 crore this 
quarter, which I would expect would have an element of price increase also, so from a volume 
growth perspective could you give us a sense if we can sustain this number or can we actually 
grow this number into the next few years in a meaningful way. That would be my question 
number one. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So the answer is certainly we can grow because as of now, we are dealing with a constrained 
situation as far as supply chain is concerned. So we are not really meeting our demand. And not 
all the markets have recovered yet. So certainly, you want to do more. We are pushing to do 
more, and we will do more. That my answer towards, it is sustainable yes, it’s sustainable, and 
we should do better.  
Pulkit Patni: 
Got it. My second question is on services distribution where clearly we’ve done really well in 
the quarter. I remember it was maybe a couple of years back again in one quarter that we have 
clogged over 400 crores. Can you just help us understand how we should look at this segment 
going forward because it tends to be pretty volatile. So any sense on that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So there are parts of it which are volatile. If you look at the composition of what we do in our 
distribution business, we do service, which is not really volatile, it’s a very steady kind of 
business. And as we keep improving our level of service, we are launching new programs of, 
comprehensive service coverage, we are increasing warranty terms, we are doing more recon 
engines, we are doing many things to keep more customers in fold and bring in out of old 
customers. So the combination of this will mean that the service revenue which is of more, it’s 
almost like an annuity, it keeps increasing and it’s pretty steady. The next portion of our 
distribution business is the spare part. And that is where historically what at least we inside 
Cummins management have felt that we have underperformed as far as our own feeling of what 
our entitlement is. And so, there are many concentrated efforts that the distribution team has 
been working on. And we are seeing some results of that and we are just scratching the surface 
we should over the next few years we should continue to do better there. The third part is what 
is most lumpy. And that is where we win engines, orders and repower orders, etc. For new 
market, smaller OEMs things which are mainline business does not do and that tends to be 
lumpy, it tends to be tender based, it tends to be depending on which specialized opportunities 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
keep coming up. And that is the area where with our improved product range with more variety 
of products to sell, with this global consolidation happening in capacities. We think there too, in 
the long term we will be able to show some growth. That’s the way I would look at, maybe 
looking at the distribution.  
Pulkit Patni: 
Sure. And I guess there is an element of that one off in this quarter, that why 450 crore? 
Ashwath Ram: 
No, this quarter is driven by very, very strong aftermarket performance and very strong service 
performance.  
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay, great. And just one last question see Power Gen last quarter, you had mentioned that you 
had a one off data center order and that’s why worth $20 million additional revenue you did, and 
now given your outlook on power, data center, then I guess we are seeing it across the board. 
Should we not expect something like that to come every few quarters, would that be like an 
aggressive assumption, or you would clarify the last quarter? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It’s a very fair assumption and we hope to get some of these happen every couple of quarters, 
we want it every quarter. But the way these projects go it doesn’t really happen and it’s lumpy. 
But yes, it is not surprising at all if we should get some of these every couple of quarters.  
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay, great. Can I ask one more question if time permits?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay, so again this is on hydrogen as people were asking this entire tie up that Cummins has 
done with Sinopec in China. Clearly, it’s going to be something of a very large scale. And we 
know scale is really critical for the price of electrolyzer to come down. So would it still be fair 
to assume that Cummins would do something in India as well because would it not be just ideal 
to import it from China when we are doing something on a large scale there? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We are doing equal scale in Spain as well. And we have done even bigger scale in Mississauga 
in Canada. It doesn’t work to buy things from other countries and bring it into the country, you 
may bring in a few elements. But the overall systems unless you build them locally, you don’t 
get that real kind of advantage in cost. So our strategy has always been to, Cummins has three 
big manufacturing locations around the world, North America, China and India. So pretty much 
almost everything that we produce, we like to produce in these markets.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financials. Please go ahead.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
First question is pertaining to, if you can share data on your market share across different nodes 
in Power Gen and also given turbulence in the market, what we have seen have eroded 
profitability in a much more severe way for the smaller players. So, for Cummins India as a 
strategy, given the cash reserves we have would be to consolidate some of these smaller players 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
under our fold or would you rather wait for slow debt for these smaller companies and grow 
organically in that way what would be your strategy that’s my first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
The way it has worked in other markets is that, people start to collaborate with each other and 
not produce everything. So you start producing some products for even those who consider your 
competitors and in that way, you consolidate your capacity, and keep growing the business. But 
if there are any really attractive opportunity that come up our way we are not, going to be blind 
to those and certainly we will be open to look at those inorganic opportunities as well. But if we 
are doing that, it will just be for share, not for technology, because we really have all the leading 
technology in some of these spaces. So it’s a combination you Sandeep, I wouldn’t say exactly 
one way. But our preferences would be that, as these conditions are happening, that we work 
with some of our competitors. And, we like the engine inside for the genset because that’s the 
heart of the technology. And we have made a lot of investments in that.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And the market share if you can share across different nodes entirely? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We’ve been holding and doing pretty well, in market share, these shares are typically we get this 
information a couple of times a year, and the last time I looked at it, I didn’t see any significant 
shifts, we continue to hold, if not do better in some of our bigger loads.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So that’s also periodically so, if you can share some data points here, that would help? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Not today Sandeep but in the future, I’ll make sure that I take this request and we share some 
directional data. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Okay. And the other question is on railways you have highlighted in the past that the power car 
market has shrunk by 50% electrification pace is going to improve, if not now maybe at least 
going into 23 and 24. So, despite that our railways portfolio has been doing very well if I go by 
the current quarter numbers. So, how would you foresee growth in this market, how much of 
that would grow from existing products, how are some of the new products that you have 
launched are doing, if you can share some more detailed color on this segment?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, so this is a very exciting segment for us. So, there are certain parts of the rail, which are 
mainly the equipment which goes into building the infrastructure, those will not get electrified, 
those will continue to remain in diesel and we will continue to, that business will continue in a 
steady manner. The parts which are the DETCs and all of those, those will gradually keep 
moving into electrification. And we are building hotel door converters and many different 
electrification products working individually and as part of consortiums to enter into those 
markets. We have made great number of products; we have entered into tenders where they’re 
already bidding for orders in those markets. I don’t have anything to announce today. But, I’m 
pretty confident that pretty soon in the next few quarters. We will have things to announce there 

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
which will then absolutely clarify the path moving forward for us in the rail business we remain 
bullish that this will be a good business for us in the future. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Got it and last question on CAPEX, you did mention at the initial part of the call that we will 
utilize the cash balance to build infra for new emission norms, testing facilities as well as your 
capacity on that front. While you also mentioned the CAPEX is not going to be material. So if 
you can guide in terms of numbers, what will be the absolute CAPEX, this year of course it will 
be minimal, but for FY23 and 24 what kind of investments are we planning to make?  
Ashwath Ram: 
Like I mentioned before, the big CAPEX investment we did in the past on building and new 
facilities, et cetera those are all behind us. All our CAPEX is now going into either growth 
projects, sustenance projects, upgradation projects, et cetera and we don’t see that level of 
investment unless of course, some exciting things happened in hydrogen and we win some 
tenders in some of these areas and then we have to build some new capacities at that time, there 
will be some lumpy investment coming in. But overall, we see some pretty steady investments 
over the next couple of years.  
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Absolute numbers if you can share because our CAPEX has gone down from an average of 300 
to 350 crores to almost 100 to 150 that’s a significant decline in the last two, three years. So, it 
would be as low as it was, this year but it will go up a little bit as we continue to do more, but it 
won’t go back to that 350 level so, you can, if you want to really ballpark kind of a number it 
will be somewhere in the middle is where I can say.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will be taking our last question that is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from 
UTI AMC. Please go ahead.  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Can you clarify the hydrogen related tenders where 
you have participated, were everything from were from the listed Cummins India entity or 
anything from the unlisted entity?  
Ashwath Ram: 
All the tenders have been participated from the Cummins India listed entity. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir secondly you mentioned commodity price impact since there, can you quantify 
what would be the extent of commodity price on the bottom line?  
Ashwath Ram: 
No, we cannot clarify that at this time, but it’s pretty good, I would say it is the largest component 
of our bottom line decrease is due to commodity. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And supply chain issue still haunt us. So, what would be the extent of impact of the chip 
shortage on our top line?  

 
Cummins India Limited 
February 11, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Ashwath Ram: 
I would say somewhere about 10% is where I would hazard a guess it varies by market segment. 
But, I would say the order board that we are holding compared to what we are shipping out, I 
would say something like somewhere in the range of, 10% to 15% is where I would put that.  
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay, so that would be roughly 170, 180 crore could have been a higher revenue if chip shortage 
would not be there? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Possibly.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this has been a good interaction. Thanks for participating. 
And I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwath Ram for his closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, I want to thank all of you for attending this call. We continue to work really hard to do the 
things that we’ve been saying that we will do. Continue to get growth, continue to work on 
improving our bottom line, continuing to manage and watch our costs really closely. We are 
quite optimistic about the growth of India as well as our place in the export market. So while we 
are going through these turbulent times where it’s difficult to predict what’s going to happen 
quarter-on-quarter based on so many uncertainties around the world. Overall, when I look at a 
macro kind of trend, I remain bullish and optimistic about our prospects for the future. And I 
really urge all of you to stay safe and please keep talking to us if you need any clarification. 
Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Cummins India Limited and the 
leadership team, we would like to thank you for joining us today and making it an engaging 
session. We are ending this conference now and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
