POLYCAB INDIA LIMITED 
 
Polycab House, 771 Mogul Lane, Mahim (W), Mumbai – 400016 
CIN: L31300GJ1996PLC114183 
Tel : +91 22 2432 7070-74  Fax : +91 22 2432 7075   
Email: shares@polycab.com Website: www.polycab.com 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                          Registered  Office: 
 
 
             Unit No.4, Plot No.105, Halol Vadodara Road, 
 
 
Village Nurpura, Taluka Halol, Panchmahal, Gujarat-389350             
 
 
 
Tel : 2676- 227600 / 227700 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 27th January 2022 
 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code: 542652 Scrip Symbol: Polycab 
ISIN:- INE455K01017 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
Sub:  Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 21st January 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held on 21st January 2022. 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Polycab India Limited 
 
 
__________________________ 
Manita Carmen A Gonsalves 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A18321 

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
Q3 FY2022 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 21, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. INDER T. JAISINGHANI – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
 
MR. GANDHARV TONGIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Polycab India Limited Q3 FY2022 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would 
now like to hand the conference to Mr. Gandharv Tongia, Chief Financial Officer, Polycab 
India Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you, Bikram, and a very good afternoon to everyone. I hope you all are doing well. It 
is a pleasure to have you on the call. As Bikram mentioned, I am Gandharv Tongia, CFO at 
Polycab India Limited. Thanks for joining us today to discuss our Q3 FY2022 earnings. 
During the call, we will be referring to the presentation, financial results, and financial 
statements which are available on the stock exchanges as well as Investor Relation webpage 
of our website. It can also be downloaded through the link or QR Code on slide #9 of the 
earnings presentation. From our management team, we have with us our Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Inder Jaisinghani. Let me now hand it over him for his comments. 
Inder Jaisinghani: 
Good afternoon everyone. We saw the momentum continue in third quarter despite 
challenging business environment. We recorded the highest quarterly top line in the history 
of the company for the second continuous quarter which underlines our strategy to be agile, 
focus on robust execution and consistently deliver the best quality of products to our 
customers. We have revitalized our demand generation capability and go-to-market strategy 
with greater focus on emerging India clusters and new-age channels. We also commenced 
work on developing a robust ESG framework that will align us to the best global standards 
and serve as guidelines for sustainable business practices. I now request Gandharv to take 
you through our earning presentations. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you Inder Bhai. Overall macro environment has been a bit of mixed bag during the 
quarter. We saw healthy demand in our B2B categories as well as institutional business on 
the back of an uptick in private CapEx. Demand visibility over medium to long term has 
been improving across sectors like real estate, infrastructure, renewable energy and 
manufacturing. This has led to a strong flow of fresh investment announcements and most 
of the companies are going ahead with their capital projects despite the ongoing third wave. 
At the consumer end while inflation is a bit worrying lower interest rates coupled with 
increased income is significantly improving affordability. However, on the flipside 
persistent volatility in our key raw materials and fear of lockdowns presented some 
headwinds to improving consumer sentiment. Having said that, gauging the current trade 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 3 of 18 
sentiment we expect economic impact of the current wave to be limited considering less 
severity of omicron virus. While there may be hiccups in terms of localized lockdowns in 
the first half of Q4, second half is likely to be better. We remain watchful of trends on the 
ground and our teams are well prepared to come back strongly as the wave recedes. Overall 
we believe a trifecta of strong stimulus support economic infrastructure growth coupled 
with improving execution efficiencies through reforms like Public procurement rules or the 
Gati Shakti National Plan and favorable consumer demographics and trends will provide a 
long runway for growth. Our business and portfolio are quite uniquely placed to benefit 
from this favorable macro development. 
Before we move on to presentation and financial review, I would like to highlight that the 
P&L and segment numbers for the current and prior comparable periods are restated due to 
divestment of Ryker Base in accordance with the applicable Indian Accounting Standard. 
All related gains and expenses on divestment are reported under profit from discontinued 
operations as seen on face of P&L in consolidated financial statements along with a few 
exceptional items of last year are also presented in slide #10 of the presentation. 
Moving on to slide #4. For the quarter ended 31st December 2021, our consolidated 
revenue grew by 23% Y-o-Y and 34% on a two-year basis. On Q-o-Q basis our 
consolidated revenue grew by 12%. Q3 is the highest quarterly sales we have ever recorded. 
EBITDA margins improved sequentially by around 100 bps to 10.7% led by better 
operating leverage and price hikes, partly offset by three times increase in A&P spends and 
input cost pressure. 
During the quarter we launched several brand campaigns across TV, digital and social 
media platforms. Seminars and influencers meets helped improve awareness among B2B 
customers, electricians and contractors amongst others. We also initiated rural outreach 
program through mobile vans where we connected with customers in  hinterlands. As the 
business environment normalises we will continue with our branding spends. 
Moving on, other expenses were broadly in line. Overall finance cost at Rs.78 million and 
other income at Rs.216 million were slightly lower. Additional breakup of our other income 
and finance costs has been provided on slide #13 of our earning presentation. Our profit 
before tax at Rs.3.24 billion decreased by 2% while profit after tax at Rs.2.48 billion 
increased by 1% Y-o-Y respectively. On slide #5, in the first nine months ended 31st 
December 2021 our revenue grew strongly by 41% Y-o-Y. EBITDA was up by 11% with 
9.6% margin. Adjusted PAT also grew by 11% Y-o-Y. Please note the difference between 
adjusted and reported PAT is highlighted on slide #10. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Moving on to segment on slide #6. Our wires and cable business continued the sequential 
momentum. Sales grew by 24% Y-o-Y and 38% on a two-year basis. Normalizing the sales 
of a large order growth was better at 28% Y-o-Y in Q3. Delving deeper into sub segments, 
on a Y-o-Y basis cables grew faster than wires in Q3 supported by strong growth in 
institutional business. Having said that on a two-year basis growth is quite broad-based. The 
green shoots which we saw in the month of September in institutional business continued 
leading to nearly 2.5 times higher revenue. We are hopeful of sustaining this momentum in 
coming quarters. 
During the quarter, wire business was slightly impacted by high volatility in copper prices 
in early November and fears of lockdown impacting the trade sentiment in December. 
Consequently, the inventory levels in trade were much below normal and overall cash cycle 
also slowed. Despite these challenges it is pleasing to note that blended wires and cables 
volume grew on Y-o-Y basis and is also higher than pre pandemic levels. 
Export business contributed 8.1% to consolidated revenue but declined by 8% Y-o-Y 
largely on account of one large order in base year. Excluding that, the business posted a 
healthy 24% Y-o-Y growth led by Africa, Asia and Australia. We have put in considerable 
effort over the past two years in terms of new product development, getting approvals and 
penetrating new geographies. This is now materializing as we are seeing many repeat orders 
from large customers globally. Our focus on achieving double-digit contribution target over 
the medium term for this business remains intact. We have seen 155 bps sequential 
improvement in wires and cable segment margins during the quarter driven by price hikes 
and better operating leverage. Overall inflation in our raw material basket was close to mid 
single digits largely emanating from copper and aluminium, while our blended price hikes 
were slightly higher than that. Considering the continuing competitive intensity in select 
segments of this business the improvement in margins is encouraging. 
On slide #7, our FMEG business grew by 11% Y-o-Y. October saw a robust momentum, 
however, December was impacted by weaker trade and consumer sentiments. Having said 
that, on pre-pandemic Q3 FY20 the sales are up by a healthy 57% and market share gains 
continued across categories. Fans had a slightly subdued quarter however growth in lights, 
pumps and conduit pipe business remains healthy. Switchgears and solar continue to 
witness strong demand. Our deep-dive initiative on widening distribution network has 
started delivering tangible benefits. Work on portfolio optimization, brand architecture and 
augmenting influencer management program is also progressing well. We have started 
clocking sales from e-commerce channel and we expect to ramp it up significantly over the 
next few years. Profitability in this business has been a bit volatile in recent past, but this is 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 5 of 18 
largely because of a blend of external factors like unprecedented commodity inflation, 
demand disruption coupled with a lot of internal changes in terms of creating the right team, 
right infrastructure, right GTM strategy, brand investment, etc., which aligns with our 
aspiration. We strongly believe this alignment is necessary to achieve the next leg of 
profitable growth in FMEG which gets us to the podium. 
On slide #8, other segment which largely comprises of our strategic EPC business 
witnessed a 21% Y-o-Y increase in revenue to Rs.745 million. EBIT stood at Rs.106 
million, up 24% on Y-o-Y basis. While many of you may know this but just for the benefit 
of everyone I would like to highlight that during the quarter we divested our entire stake in 
Ryker Base which was our wholly owned subsidiary for an enterprise value of Rs.3.23 
billion. Ryker played a strategic role in providing us high quality copper rods which are an 
input for manufacturing of wires and cables. It started as a JV but we had subsequently 
acquired the balance 50% stake when the other partner decided to exit. Consequently, the 
capacity became quite overwhelming and we couldn't fully utilize this state-of-the-art 
facility with our own internal requirements. Our limited experience and interest in metal 
business and a strong focus on optimal capital allocation also suggested it was prudent to 
divest. So after exploring various strategic options we believed this deal was a win-win 
proposition as we simultaneously executed a multi-year tolling arrangement with Hindalco 
which will ensure our operations and supply chain dynamics remain intact and we continue 
to deliver higher quality of products to our customers. 
Consequent to this transaction, we have also withdrawn the copper segment in line with 
IndAS, all Ryker business income has been reported as income from discontinued 
operations in P&L. The P&L and segment numbers are restated for prior comparable 
periods. Our pre-tax gain on investment was around Rs.1.24 billion. On the balance sheet 
side, our financial position continues to remain healthy with net cash position of Rs.6.7 
billion. Debt has reduced sequentially from Rs.2.36 billion as of September 2021 end to just 
Rs. 0.79 billion. Debt to equity ratio is low at 0.02X. On the working capital side, there are 
a couple of things to highlight; one, receivable days are at comfortable level of around 40 
days. We are seeing decent improvement compared to FY2020 and FY 2021. We will 
continue to optimize this progressively with the help of channel financing. Second, 
inventory levels are higher than normal because of two reasons; one, we were anticipating 
better demand in December end, however, as I highlighted the trade sentiments went down 
a bit due to fear of third wave and dealers and retailers reduced their stock levels and 
second, we had done some pre-planned procurement for Q4 considering possible impact of 
omicron on supply chain. Having said that, we are calibrating our plans based on market 
demand and inventory levels to normalize by next month. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 6 of 18 
As part of transformation project, we are bolstering our organization structure with great 
talent across levels and business. We are creating new verticals, function and support teams. 
This will bring in new competencies and enable us to explore new business avenues which 
will make Polycab a future-ready organization. 
Deepak has joined us recently from Tata group to lead the transformation management 
office under Project Leap. Tapas joined us from Havells to head our fans business. If you 
remember we had initiated few pilot projects to test the rural market. The results have been 
heartening. We believe with the right infrastructure, portfolio and people, we can leverage 
the immense demand potential of semi urban and rural India. Accordingly we have 
onboarded Deepak Mitra from Crompton to take this initiative further. We are elated to 
have all the new members joining the Polycab family and our good wishes are with them. 
Lastly, taking our sustainability initiatives a notch up we have initiated a project with an 
external partner to create our long-term ESG framework aligned with international ESG 
protocols, guidelines and standards. This framework will provide us sustainable outlook 
towards the environment and society alongside business goals. Thank you. With that, I hand 
it over to operators for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on your 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue you may press “*” and 
“2”. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. To ask a 
question please press “*” and “1” now. We have our first question from the line of Ravi 
Swaminathan from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Good afternoon. Sir, my first question is with respect to the volume value mix. What kind 
of volume growth we had seen either during the Q3 or nine-month number if you can give 
that it would be great? I know multiple products are there, but if you can give a broad sense 
it would be great Sir? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thanks Ravi for your question. As you can see there is a significant amount of growth in 
value. Particularly if I were to add colour on the volume, I think there is a slight increase 
despite having Dangote in base predominantly from the business verticals like HDC 
followed by LDC. On FMEG also the growth is visible across all the product categories 
barring fans which was slightly subdued. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. So, volume growth might have been kind of mid single digit or high single digit or 
how was it? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I would say that most of it is because of value and only part of it is because of volume, and 
within that the HDC is leading the pack followed by the other businesses, cables and wires. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it Sir. In terms of the demand, if you can give some colour on real estate-led demand, 
infra-led demand, more colour on that, and also how the demand is in urban and rural, how 
the demand for wire is, if you can give a broad thought process that will be great Sir? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, let me split into two or three broad components. Let me talk about first the typical B2B 
business. As you would know that in first couple of quarters overall demand from the 
execution side was slightly subdued. In the current quarter, there is an uptick in the demand 
and institutional business has recorded almost 150% growth in the revenue followed by 
dealers and distributors on all the product categories across all the regions. If I give you 
colour on the export business, there is off course an element of repeat order but if I remove 
Dangote from the base there is an overall growth of 24% and Dangote also if I am not 
wrong in the last year December in the base quarter it had almost $20 million of 
contribution to the top line and in the current quarter also there is a $10 million 
contribution. Wires I would say is slightly less impressive than typical B2B business in the 
current quarter and on FMEG side across all the regions all the product categories there is 
growth barring fans which is slightly subdued. Fan now contributes to almost 35% to our 
FMEG top line followed by lighting and luminaries which would be roughly around 30%, 
and switchgears would be around 10% to 15% followed by pipes and fittings which will be 
around 10% to 12%. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it Sir. My only question is basically not only for Polycab but for multiple electrical 
companies, on one side there are talks of real estate seeing a very strong recovery but 
products like wires, etc., they are not seeing very good traction. Any reason you can 
attribute to this as to why there is a dichotomy between real estate growing but wires not 
seeing that much traction? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
We have seen a fair amount of growth on LDC and wire side, blended I would say is around 
20% to 25% growth which we have seen in a few of these product categories. Overall, 
availability of credit and softening of interest is also helping the housing sector and building 
sector, and as we go ahead it appears in the Q4 after omicron the overall private CapEx 
would help us in improving the top line of the industry as well as large players like us. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Affordability I think has been at multiyear high and it should get reflected in the demand for 
cables and wires business in the quarters to come. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it. My final question is with respect to the EBITDA margin. What kind of range that we 
can see in the next fiscal year? Can we go back to double digit kind of margins or are we 
seeing something similar to what it is likely to be this year, if you can give some thought? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Historically, in cable and wire, we have generally hovered between 11% and 13% on a 
sustainable basis. When we met in September quarter I had mentioned that slowly and 
gradually will start improving on the EBITDA margin. In the second half of the year the 
likely exit number would be towards the lower end of the EBITDA margin which we have 
seen historically of 11% to 13%. If you dissect our current quarter performance, you would 
notice that the EBITDA margins have improved in the Q3 in comparison to Q2 despite the 
fact that we have invested wherever we should have invested, like for example 
advertisement and publicity has increased from Rs.14 Crores to Rs.44 to Rs.45 Crores. It 
seems that next year margins would be better than what we have seen in the current quarter, 
but at the same time I would like to be cognizant of the fact that pandemic is still not over. 
If there is another wave of pandemic and it has significant impact on the business it could 
adversely impact the margins, but by and large it seems that we should be able to have 
better margins in the years to come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Atul Tiwari from CitiGroup. Please 
go ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Thank you Sir and congrats on pretty decent set of numbers in a tough environment. My 
first question is on the pricing. All the commodity price increases which have happened 
over the past year or so, have they been passed down into your structure of both cables and 
FMEG business or something still remains to be passed? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
In our business on the B2B side particularly on the distribution business, we revise our 
prices generally on monthly rest after considering two variables; one is changes in metal 
prices of copper and aluminium. Second, is change in the foreign exchange rate of USD-
INR and which is what we have done in the current quarter as well. On the other side of 
business, which is institutional and export we generally do it on back-to-back basis. As you 
can see, between Q2 and Q3 there is almost 70 basis points improvement in contribution 
margin which means that we have been able to increase the prices slightly more than the 
actual increase in the raw material cost at the product basket level and as I mentioned to 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Ravi a while back we believe that in the quarters to come we should be able to improve our 
margins slowly and gradually. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Would it be the right characterization to say that most of the commodity price hikes have 
already been passed on and from hereon whatever price hikes you take it will kind of trickle 
down to the margin number and we will get to the more normal 11% to 12% kind of 
margin. Is that right characterization? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Yes, I would like to add one element to your understanding that in our business the input 
cost is not constant. It undergoes change multiple times in a year as you know because 
copper and aluminium are traded on LME and that is where it is a moving price, but 
generally from an understanding point of view give and take few basis points here and 
there, we believe that we should be able to pass on the increase in input cost to our end 
customer and slowly and gradually we should be able to improve on margins both at 
contribution level as well as at EBITDA level. On a long-term view, you know this already 
Atul that we are working on Project Leap with the help of Boston Consulting Group and 
there are several enablers which are in place. Once those levers are used we should be able 
to improve our profitability both for B2B and B2C, however, it will take a while to fully 
achieve the true potential of these levers. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay and my second question is on the channels. How many dealers and distributors you 
would have currently on cable and wire side and on FMEG side, and what is the portion of 
those are currently covered under channel financing, and how many or how much can we 
potentially cover under the channel financing? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Give and take some numbers we have around 4100 dealers and distributors in our family. 
50% of them are on FMEG. In terms of value, advance plus channel finances put together in 
cable and wire we would be around 70% of our top line. In FMEG business, it has 
improved reasonably well and we are in late 40s, almost just shy of 50%. Theoretically 
speaking, this number can go right up to 80s and 90s, and that is where FMEG channel 
financing penetration should improve in quarters to come and there is an upside which is 
possible in cable and wire business as well. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay, great, and my final one is obviously we have seen across the industry some tapering 
down of demand in December and after Diwali got over, so how  are things now 
qualitatively, do you see demand bouncing back in Q4 from the retail category or will it 
take some more time, if you could share some broad qualitative colour on that? 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Absolutely, you are right Atul. Second half of the quarter got impacted particularly the last 
two to three weeks of December got impacted because of omicron and pandemic. If I were 
to take a view today, sentiments are positive. Though in the month of December few of the 
dealers decided to reduce the inventory levels in the channel. As of today, the things have 
improved. Dealers and distributors are inching back to normalcy, and you know this data 
already that omicron wave in most of the large cities have already peaked or about to peak 
in the next few days. At this stage, it seems that the second half of the current quarter 
should be better than the first half of the current quarter. Overall, macro elements like 
uptick in private CapEx should also help us in improving and augmenting the top line of the 
company on cable and wire side. On the B2C side as well as on dealer distribution, we are 
focusing and improving our presence in all the accessible markets, helping our dealers and 
distributors, and all these initiatives would also help us in improving the top line. So, to 
answer your question, the sentiment got impacted in the month of December adversely a bit, 
but as of now things have started improving. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aditya Bagul from TATA Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bagul: 
Thank you and good evening. Congratulations on good set of numbers in the challenging 
times. A couple of questions from my end, firstly with regards to the B2B segment it has 
seen a sharp recovery. Can you help us understand what are some of these end-user 
industries that is driving this growth and what is your outlook over a period of the next one 
year especially when it comes to the B2B part? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thanks a lot for your kind words. On the B2B side, as I mentioned a while back, the 
improvement in the demand is emanating from private CapEx. As I mentioned to Ravi a 
while back, institutional business has recorded 150% growth which is a meaningful number 
in our B2B business. On the dealer side, there are several sectors where we have seen uptick 
in demand, whether it is coming from real estate, infrastructure, renewable energy or 
manufacturing, but I would say it is broad based and it is coming from most of the 
geographies, so it is not that only one particular region of the country is contributing to the 
demand, it is coming from the all the geography and that is where we have been able to also 
record a decent volume growth even if we consider Dangote in the base. 
Aditya Bagul: 
Sure, I wish to process this a bit further. If you can help me understand is there a chunky 
nature to this B2B sort of institutional demand or is this more industrial CapEx like 
demand? 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Gandharv Tongia: 
There is no particular one industry or sector which is contributing to this demand. I would 
say this is largely broad based. I think the private CapEx spenders are not shying away from 
making the commitment and incurring the cost which is benefitting us in terms of the 
improved performance in the top line. 
Aditya Bagul: 
Understood, thank you for answering that. My second question is I am trying to understand 
the premiumization trend especially in our FMEG business, can you just throw a little light 
on how you see some of our premium products like Levana or Hohm and how do these fit 
into our Project Leap over a period of the next three to five years? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Premiumization is an important focus area as part of Project Leap. We are working on 
several elements. One is to ensure that we have the right product available in our product 
portfolio to meet the premiumization. Second is we should have right GTM and dealers and 
distributors who can cater to the end demand or end consumer, and that has helped us in 
slightly improving the overall contribution of premiumized product to our top line. Fan is 
hovering between 25% and 30%. Purocoat fan which was internally innovated has also 
helped us in improving the overall premiumization agenda within the fan business, and 
similarly for lighting we have recorded a growth in premiumization on downlighters and 
others. Hohm, Silvan and Smart – these are the areas where we are still working. I would 
expect that in the next fiscal and that too in the second half of the next fiscal we should have 
some meaningful numbers coming to our P&L through Hohm and Silvan IOT, and that 
remains a focus area for us. Overall, the idea is to have a balance of premiumization as well 
as regular products so that we have right EBITDA and EBIT margins in the B2C businesses 
and we are able to improve the margin from the current levels to almost 12% by FY2026. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
My first question is on the demand side, though you stated that value growth is also the 
large proportion, 99% as well, but just talking about the two quarters, the last quarter on a 
base of 5% decline we did 44% growth and the copper prices were up roughly 40% to 45%. 
Moderator: 
Sir we seemed to have lost the line of Nitin Arora. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Charanjit Singh: 
If you can just help us understand one, in terms of the quantum of price hike exactly, how 
much you would have taken in cables and wires, and if we have to look at from a nine-
month perspective volume growth in cables and wires what it was, if you can give the 
figures here? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sure, as I mentioned to Atul and Ravi, most of the increase is coming from value, where 
some contribution coming from increase in volume and if I even consider Dangote in the 
base there is some improvement in volume. In terms of price hikes, in the Q2 there was 
some impact on the contribution and that is why there was a contraction in contribution 
margin. In the Q3, there was almost improvement of 70 bps. The raw material cost at the 
product basket level increased by mid single digit and the price hike we have taken is 
slightly more than that and which is what is getting reflected in expansion of contribution 
margin by 70 bps, and we will continue to take pricing action to offset the increase in input 
cost in the quarters to come. 
Charanjit Singh: 
If you are to compare the price action what you would have taken versus industry, is there is 
a gap between this? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Are you trying to ask that whether the price hike we have taken is in line with the industry? 
Charanjit Singh: 
Yes, that is the question. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
In all fairness, we are the largest manufacturer of cable and wire in the country. We are the 
market leader, price leader and of course quality leader. I think we have acted like a market 
leader in the current quarter. We have taken the price hike which was required to be taken 
to ensure that we are able to offset the input cost. It is quite possible that a few of the market 
participants have followed what we have done. There could be some aberration where the 
market participants or peers have not necessarily followed what we have done, but by and 
large we have taken the price hike which we felt was necessary to offset the increase in 
input cost. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay. Another question on the volume growth perspective. As you are entering into Q4, 
generally there are more infrastructure, construction, heavy and even from the industry 
perspective there is a thought process that the activity on the government infrastructure side 
should continue to remain strong, so any thoughts on what is the kind of volume growth 
which you can seen in cables and wires side separately? 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Gandharv Tongia: 
You know us, we do not give guidance on future performance. If I were to provide you a 
long-term guidance, we are fully committed to Project Leap agenda whereby we want to 
double our revenue in five years, fiscal 2026, which would mean that Rs.9000 Crores of top 
line of fiscal 2021 would be Rs.20,000 Crores by fiscal 2026, and it will come from all the 
businesses both B2B and B2C. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay, just roughly on the FMEG front, we have built a very strong team and we are getting 
onto a journey where we expect to grow much more faster than the industry, so from FMEG 
perspective we have seen that the growth has not been as strong as what we have seen for 
the other larger players. If you can touch upon how this journey is panning out from FMEG 
perspective and this new team when you seen their activities starting to pickup, just on the 
FMEG journey if you can give some more colour on the future perspective, how do you 
plan to ramp up? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
On a two-year basis if I see the FMEG top line performance we have registered a growth of 
57% which would roughly mean 25% to 30% annualized growth. In terms of achieving the 
true potential of Project Leap agenda, there are several enablers on which we are working. 
One which I briefly touched upon in the opening remarks is having the right resources in 
the management team and that is where we have invested heavily in getting the best of the 
talent of the industry. In the last quarterly call, I had updated all of you that Mr. Vivek 
Sharma has joined us from Panasonic. He was the MD of Panasonic and after super 
annuation he has joined us as Deputy Managing Director. Tapas has joined us from Havells 
and he is heading our fans business. Similarly, there are other team members who have 
joined from other large companies like Crompton and other large B2C players. These 
management professionals with the help of BCG are in the process of revisiting and 
revising and revitalizing the product portfolio, GTM, geographical expansion and 
augmentation of dealers and distributors. We have already improved penetration in a few 
geographies in the current nine months. Once we implement all the items which we have 
identified in the blueprint I would expect that we would easily be able to achieve the top 
line of B2C business by FY2026. Also, we would be able to have meaningful improvement 
in the bottom line. I think we will have to give some time to the new team members who 
have recently joined our family and post that we should be able to get to the numbers which 
we want to achieve as part of Project Leap. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sathvik Jain from Generational 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Sathvik Jain: 
I have a couple of questions. The first is I guess you are in investment mode in the FMEG 
business. How are the internal targets at the business level? Secondly, you had briefly told 
about how you are passing on the inflation to the end consumer. If you could throw some 
more light on it across the verticals? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sorry I missed the first part of the question. I think let me attend the second part and then 
you can repeat the first part. I think the second part is how have we passed on the increase 
in the input cost to the end customer and if my understanding is right on the question, the 
answer is for the dealers and distributors we reset or revise our list price on a monthly basis 
and that is what we have done, even in the current quarter, almost all the increases in the 
input cost had been passed on to the end customer. For the exports as well as institutional 
businesses generally it is on a back-to-back basis and that is where we have been able to 
pass on the input cost increase as well to the counterparty or to our customer. If that 
answers your second part of the question I would request you to just repeat the first part. 
Sathvik Jain: 
Yes, that is helpful. The first part was basically you are led by the FMEG business that is on 
a scale up mode. Internal factors included targets at the FMEG level as such. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I think you are trying to understand ROCE target for the FMEG business. If that is the 
current understanding, objective is to improve profitability for all the businesses as well as 
have better capital allocation including for FMEG or B2C businesses. As of now, as you 
know there are two levers to improve ROCE, one is better profitability and second is better 
capital allocation. As far as better profitability is concerned, we are targeting to get to 
around 12% of margin by FY2026 and we are taking all the required steps to achieve that. 
The second is on capital allocation. Slowly and gradually we are increasing utilization of 
our factories in FMEG as well as in cables and wires. If I were to illustrate this with the 
help of one example is fan business where our existing facility is almost being fully utilized. 
We are in the process of setting up another facility which should be operational sometime in 
the Q1 of the next fiscal and that will also help us in augmenting the top line as well as the 
profitability. So, we will continue to make efforts to improve the profitability of the B2C 
business and ensure that our assets are sweated to get better returns. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. 
Please go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. It might be a repetitive question, but when we are looking at the 
real estate demand and against that when we are looking at the demand from real estate 
ancillaries like fan, lighting and retail wiring, it does not add up. So, if you can help us 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 15 of 18 
understand how does this lead and lag effect play out because is it that currently the existing 
inventory in real estate is being sold and the new construction is yet to pick up in a big 
way? If you can just share your thought process of how is it on your interaction with the 
customers and how is actually the demand shaping up? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sure, as you have noticed that in all the businesses we have recorded a significant amount 
of growth, in cables and wires as well as in FMEG. The FMEG on a two-year basis has 
recorded a 57% of growth in top line and similar numbers are there in cable and wire 
businesses, of course the percentage is different because of higher base. I would not say that 
we are not able to see an uptick in demand or there is a disconnect between the real estate 
revival as well as growth in our sector, but we need to look at this construction cycle in its 
entirety because a few of our products are used towards the end of the construction phase 
and that is where we will have to dive deep into the greater details of the cycle of real estate 
and correlate with our industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just one strategic question, the FMEG business that you are 
working on is doing completely excellent. This is a highly competitive business, fans and 
all these are relatively far more penetrated categories. So, here growth is to gain market 
share which is again relatively a bit tough task. What is the management’s thought process 
on businesses something like kitchen appliances where there are not many big players and 
even the top five players have less than 45% market share and I think the segment is also 
pretty fast growing segment. Considering Polycab’s strong brand distribution, what is our 
thought process on that as a segment? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
It is a great question Aniruddha. In the board room as well as management team, we have 
deliberated on this several times. Let me give you two perspectives. If you were to visualize 
all the products which Polycab is manufacturing and offering to the end customers and 
compare with the typical electrical/hardware store you would be able to see almost all the 
products. When we want to move away from this product category to something like 
kitchen equipment there are two or three things which are additionally required to be 
considered. One is the kitchen equipment’s are not expected to be channeled through 
electrical/hardware stores. Second, the target audience is different. In electrical/hardware 
stores, generally man of the house would be involved in the decision-making, whereas in 
the kitchen equipment the lady of the house would have a say, and the last thing is the brand 
Polycab which we have today not necessarily would go well, and which is a matter of 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 16 of 18 
discussion and deliberation even internally, with the kitchen appliances. So the current 
thought process for the time being is to ensure that we have complete coverage of all the 
electrical products and as part of Project Leap explore the exigencies and then monetize 
those exigencies as we implement Project Leap initiatives between now and FY2026. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay, and what are the products if you can say that we would be focusing on in FMEG 
apart from fans and maybe geysers? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
We have several FMEG products already available. We have fans and water heaters. We 
have lights and luminaries. We have switches and switchgears. We have conduit pipes. We 
have a bit of agro pumps and there are some adjacencies which are being explored, but 
nothing on the kitchen equipment side as of now. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay, about air coolers or irons, etc., those kinds of products? Most of the other companies 
are not even in kitchen appliances, but still continue to do sell these products. So, any plans 
on completing this portfolio? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
There are some products which are available in the product category which you have 
mentioned, but as I mentioned these are adjacencies and these are being explored, and we 
will continue to do that, but if you go back to my earlier comment the idea is to first cover 
all the electrical products and then explore if at all we have to go beyond that. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay, last question, you said in the opening speech that multiple new professionals have 
joined the company. What are the key areas that they will be working on over the next two 
to three years? Is it like minimum 1% to 2% market share gain in each of the product 
categories that we are working on or is it improvement in the profitability and margins? 
What are the basic three to four key reasons on which they would be focusing on? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
The new professionals who have joined the organization as well as the current leadership 
team totally focused on only one initiative or agenda which is Project Leap. The objective is 
to achieve Rs.20,000 Crores of top line, improvement in profitability, and there are several 
enablers to achieve this vision. For example, improvement in our dealers and distribution 
base, improvement in GTM, expansion and penetration of the geographies where we do not 
have meaningful presence, improved exports, but if I were to summarize and give you input 
in a single statement it is only Project Leap agenda which is what being targeted by all of us 
in the leadership team of Polycab. 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shrinidhi Karlekar from HSBC. 
Please go ahead. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just want to know how far has the company reached in 
terms of human capital addition. I see very interesting hires from the industry for new as 
well as existing roles. I just want to know how far has the company reached? Is the top team 
already in place for most of the roles that have been identified under Project Leap? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I would say as part of the phase one of Project Leap most of the senior resources have been 
already hired. I do not think that at this stage under the phase one we need to do any 
additional significant hiring for the top leadership.Having said that, at the middle level and 
lower level we will continue to make an investment and that is required for initiatives like 
increase in overall dealers and distributors, further penetrating the geographies where we do 
not have meaningful presence, and so on and so forth. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
The second question is on the business and state distribution utilities. Any colour on how it 
has been recovering that pie of that market? How much of company’s cable and wire 
business directly or indirectly comes from state distribution utilities? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
We do not directly deal with government entities generally speaking. Government’s 
contribution to our top line directly would be less than 2-2.5%. Of course, our dealers and 
distributors serve these companies. There is some improvement, but since this is a 
secondary sale I will not necessarily have adequate colour to give to you, but to answer your 
question from the primary sales point of view we do not directly have significant supply to 
government orders. 
Shrinidhi Karlekar: 
I am just trying to understand would you have some colour on indirectly how much would it 
be? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
I think there is some improvement over the period, but since it is secondary, it is difficult to 
give you a precise colour, but generally speaking power distribution reforms have helped 
and it will continue to help us in improving the demand at the industry level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Gandharv Tongia for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you everyone for taking out time and attending this call. In case if there are any 
unanswered questions please write to us at investor.relations@polycab.com and we would 

 
 
 
Polycab India Limited 
January 21, 2022 
 
Page 18 of 18 
be extremely pleased to attend your queries and provide clarification. Stay safe and take 
care. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Polycab India Limited that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining with us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
