UTI Asset Management Company Ltd. 
Ref: UTI/ AMC/CS/SE/2021-22/0163 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza Plot No. C/1 
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) Mumbai -400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: UTIAMC 
YEARS 
19is@J.'Ul9 
Date: 8th February, 2022 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400 001. 
UTI Mutual Fund 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 543238/UTIAMC 
Sub: Transcript and Audio Recording of the Earnings Conference Call on financial results 
for the quarter and nine months ended 3P1 December, 2021 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call on 
financial results for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2021. 
The transcript and audio recording of the aforesaid earnings conference call has been uploaded on 
the website of the Company at www.utimf.com. 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the same on 
your respective websites. 
Thanking you, 
For UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Arvind Patkar 
Company Secretary and C 
ficer 
Encl: As above 

 
Page 1 of 29 
UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY22 Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day and welcome to the UTI Asset Management Company limited 
Q3 & 9MFY22 earnings conference call. From the management, we 
have with us Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman – CEO and Whole-Time Director, 
Mr. Surojit Saha – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vinay Lakhotia – Head 
Operations, and Mr. Sandeep Samsi – Head Investor Relations and 
Corporate Communications. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Before we begin, I would 
like to mention that some of the statements made in today’s discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Please note the disclaimer mentioning these risks and 
uncertainties are on the disclaimer side of the investor’s presentation 
that has been shared earlier. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman for opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, Sir. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: Good afternoon, everyone. It is my privilege and great honour to 
welcome all of you to this Investors Earnings Call to discuss the financial 
and operating performance of our company for the third quarter of the 
financial year 2021-22. Thank you for joining us as we update you on 
our Financial Highlights for the quarter ended December 2021. 
For the results, you must have gone through the Press Release and the 
Investor Presentation available on our website as well as the websites 
of the exchanges. I will begin with an update on our economy, moving 
on to the mutual fund industry and then to the performance of UTI 
AMC. 

 
Page 2 of 29 
Just as the economy and businesses were coming to normal, another 
variant of Corona – Omicron emerged.  While this variant seems to be 
less aggressive in terms of its impact, it is spreading faster than Delta 
variant with almost all states now witnessing multiple times growth in 
daily cases. We remain optimistic that this new variant’s wave will 
recede faster than it emerged following rapid progress in vaccination. 
We all know, that we have created history by administering 1.65 billion 
doses of vaccine related to Corona.  
Let me share with you about our economy. As the world stepped into 
the New Year, the path of the recovery in India as in the rest of the 
global economy encountered headwinds from a rapid surge in Omicron 
infections. Nonetheless, amidst upbeat consumer and business 
confidence and an uptick in bank credit, aggregate demand conditions 
stayed resilient. RBI's forecast last month indicated India's GDP was 
seen growing at 6.6% in October-December 2021 and at 6% in January-
March 2022. The World Bank has retained its growth projection for 
India in 2021-22 at 8.3%. We are all eagerly looking forward for hearing 
from our Hon’ble Finance Minister on the Union Budget.   
Let me share with you about the Indian capital market. During the 
quarter, the benchmark indices had a roller-coaster ride. While the 
October saw the indices hit new highs, the December saw indices 
correcting as selling pressure across large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap 
intensified. The Sensex and Nifty fell by 1.5% during the quarter ended 
December 2021. As of 28th January 2022, the Sensex closed at 57,200 
and NIFTY closed at 17,102. For the calendar year, Sensex rose 22% and 
NIFTY climbed up 24% as on 31st December, 2021, compared to 
corresponding numbers in December, 2020. 
Let me share with you about the Indian mutual fund industry. The 
Quarterly Average AUM for the Indian MF industry stood at Rs. 38.21 

 
Page 3 of 29 
lakh crore as of 31st December, 2021 growing by 5.5% during the 
quarter and by 28.6% during the year.  
The closing AUM the MF industry as on 31st December, 2021 was Rs. 
37.73 lakh crore, registering a growth of 2.7% over the last quarter and 
Y-o-Y growth of 21.6% from 31st December, 2020. 
The total number of folios for the industry, as on 31st December, 2021, 
stood at 12.02 crore registering an increase of 7.6% in the quarter and 
27.5% from 31st December, 2020. 
For the first time in the Financial Year, the SIP inflows crossed Rs. 
11,000 crore mark in November 2021 and continued with the 
momentum in December 2021, taking the SIP AUM to Rs. 5.65 lakh 
crore, an increase of 3.75% over the last quarter from Rs. 5.45 lakh 
crore as on 30th September, 2021. The SIP AUM stood at 15% of the 
overall MF industry AUM. The total number of SIP Accounts as on 31st 
December, 2021 were 4.91 crore. 
During the quarter, equity - oriented schemes saw net inflows of Rs. 
1,02,041 crore, while debt oriented schemes witnessed net outflows of 
Rs. 21,951 crore. 
Let me share with you about UTI AMC. For UTI group, the total Assets 
under Management, i.e. our group AUM, registered a growth of 3.87% 
over the last quarter and 19.43% over the previous year and our group 
AUM stood at Rs. 13.11 lakh crore as on 31st December, 2021, as 
against Rs. 12.63 lakh crore as on 30th September, 2021 and at Rs. 
10.98 lakh crore as on 31st December, 2020. So from the base number 
of Rs. 10.98 lakh crore in December 2020, we grew to Rs. 13.11 lakh 
crores as on December 2021. 
 

 
Page 4 of 29 
For UTI Mutual Fund, the QAAUM for the October-December quarter 
was Rs. 2.25 lakh crore as against Rs. 2.09 lakh crore for the quarter 
ended September 2021 and Rs. 1.65 lakh crore as of December 2020. 
The QAAUM grew by 7.5% over the last quarter and witnessed a Y-o-Y 
growth of 35.9%. UTI MF QAAUM market share stood at 5.88% of the 
MF Quarterly AAUM, an increase of 10 bps from September 2021. 
The Equity QAAUM as on 31st December, 2021 stood at Rs. 70,085 
crore, an increase of 60.5% over Rs. 43,677 crore as on 31st December, 
2020. The market share for equity AUM stood at 5.29% for UTI MF. The 
QAAUM for Index & ETFs recorded a growth of 71.4% from Rs. 35,199 
crore as of 31st December, 2020 to Rs. 60,341 crore as of 31st 
December, 2021. 
In the October-December quarter, UTI added 2.06 lakh folios. In the 
past one year, UTI has added over 7.01 lakh folios taking up the number 
of live folios from 1.09 crore as on 31st December, 2020 to over 1.16 
crore as on 31st December 2021. During the past one year, the open-
ended equity-oriented schemes added 7.55 lakh folios.  
UTI was able to capture 8% market share of the gross sales of the 
industry during the quarter. Our ETF & Index Funds saw net inflows of 
Rs. 3,379 crore during the December quarter constituting around 8.3% 
of the industry net inflows, while the Equity Funds net inflow for the 
period was Rs. 2,135 crore being 5.2% of the industry net inflows. 
The SIP inflows for Q3FY22 stood at Rs. 1,352 crore rising by 13.10% 
over the previous quarter and by 65% from the corresponding quarter 
last year. The number of SIP accounts rose by 53.1% since December 
2020 with over 20.01 lakh SIP folios as of December 2021. 

 
Page 5 of 29 
UTI’s SIP AUM for the quarter stood at Rs. 18,126 crore, an increase of 
4.2% as compared to September, 2021 which was at Rs. 17,389 crore 
and 37.6% as compared to Rs. 13,170 crore as of December, 2020. 
Keeping up with our commitment to deeper and better access to B30 
cities, 23.8% of Monthly Average AUM for December 2021 was 
contributed by B30 cities whereas the industry stood at 17% in terms 
of its B30 MAAUM. 108 out of our 167 UFCs are in the B30 cities. 
We have and we will continue to build a World - Class Investment 
organization and in the process, we are adding investment 
professionals. During this quarter, we have brought in Mr. Anurag 
Mittal, and he is our Deputy Head of Fixed Income. He has a vast 
experience - very rich experience and I am confident that with the 
addition of Anurag, UTI’s Fixed Income team will indeed add value to 
investors. 
Friends, let me share with you about our subsidiaries, and first among 
them is UTI International. The AUM of UTI International has increased 
by 59% from Rs. 21,720 crore as of 31st December, 2020 to Rs. 34,608 
crore as of 31st December, 2021. Our international clients are spread 
across 37 countries. These are primarily Institutions – Pension funds, 
Insurance, Banks, and Asset Managers. One of our flagship fund, the 
Indian Dynamic Equity fund (IDEF), has an AUM of USD 1.4 billion and 
is being widely recognized internationally. 
During this quarter under consideration, UTI International has 
launched an Indian Government Bond ETF – UTI India Sovereign Bond 
ETF which is listed on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange. The Fund tracks 
the performance of the Nifty India Select 7 Government Bond Index, 
which comprises of top 7 most-liquid, local currency sovereign bonds 
issued by the Central Government of India. 

 
Page 6 of 29 
 
UTI Retirement Solutions. UTI Retirement Solutions Ltd. has been 
managing the NPS corpus for the Government & non – Government 
sector. As of 31st December 2021, its AUM is Rs. 1,93,331 crore and has 
a share of 27.65% of Industry AUM. 
UTI Capital. UTI Capital with AUM of Rs.  1,056 crore currently manages 
Active Debt Fund like UTI Structured Debt Opportunities Fund (UTI 
SDOF) I, which was launched in August 2017 and closed in May 2019, 
having AUM of Rs. 301 Crore. And UTI SDOF II which was launched in 
September 2022, having AUM of Rs. 469 Crore, and the fund is 
currently in Fund raising stage as well as investing. 
Let me share with you about the UTI AMC financial. UTI AMC’s financial 
improved on the back of strong net flows and cost control measures 
taken. During the third quarter, the Company posted a consolidated 
net profit of Rs. 127 crore, and consolidated core net profit of Rs. 91 
crore as against 36 crore in the corresponding quarter of the last year 
reflecting a growth of 153%. 
The operating profit margin as a percentage of AUM for the December 
FY 22 quarter was 16 bps as against 11 bps for Q3FY21. Along with 
improvement in our Operating Profit Margin, ROE (Return on Earnings) 
of the company on a consolidated basis is 19% in the 9 month period 
ended 31st December 2021. The PAT Margin stands at 46% for the 9 
month period ended 31st December 2021. The Net worth of the 
company on a consolidated basis is INR 3,539 crore as of December 
2021. 
With this, I wish everyone of you a very Happy Vasant Panchami.  I have 
with me my colleagues Mr. Surojit Saha - CFO, Mr. Vinay Lakhotia – 
Head Operations and Mr. Sandeep Samsi – Head Investor Relations.  

 
Page 7 of 29 
Thank you for joining this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, my first 
question is around the yields. We have seen a very sharp decline in our 
equity yields on a sequential basis. So we know this has been an 
industry wide trend but for us it seems to be much more pronounced 
in terms of decline, so if you could throw some color what has caused 
such a steep decline on the equity side and the second question was 
around our admin expenses have also shot up in this quarter. So, what 
could be the quarterly or the annual run rate which we should keep in 
mind and just a clarification whether these other expenses include the 
pass on which we do on the PFRDA income which we received one and 
half basis points which we need to pass on, so if you could clarify on 
that front and any development on the employee cost side? Are there 
any plans to reduce this cost in the near term? How are we thinking 
about that?  
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes, you are correct, the yield has dropped actually and if you 
remember in the previous concall as well we had given a guidance that 
the revenue yield will fall by 2 or 3 bps, primarily because the inflows 
that are coming into the equity and balanced funds, the fresh inflows 
is at effective lower yield as compared to the yield that we are running 
on the stock AUM. While on the stock AUM the yield is closer to around 
90 bps, the yield on the fresh inflows is lower . So, because of that there 
has been some drag on the yield not only on the equity front but also 
on the overall basis. Also on the overall basis if you see the yield has 
actually fallen by around 3 bps from around 44 to 41 bps and apart from 
a drop in equity another important factor has been is the growth in the 

 
Page 8 of 29 
ETF and the Index fund which has grown at a significant pace on a Y-o-
Y basis. While our total AUM growth has been 35.9% and equity AUM 
growth during the same period on a Q-o-Q basis has been roughly 
around 50%, the ETF AUM has grown during the same period by almost 
around 72%. As you are all aware that ETF AUM, the management fee 
which we charge is around 5 to 6 bps so that kind of growth has actually 
has dragged down the overall yield by a bps or so because the ETF AUM 
as a composition of overall AUM has actually increased by 600 bps Y-o-
Y basis, because of that the overall yield has dropped down. But having 
said that, we are confident that for the entire financial year, we will be 
closing at a revenue yield close to around 41 to 42 basis points. But 
having said, as we have indicated in the earlier call, there has been a 
significant reduction, as far as cost margin are concerned. Hence our 
PAT yield has been maintained at the same level of around 21 to 22 bps 
and we see no dilution as far as the PAT yield is concerned and 
definitely because of the growth in the AUM and the incremental fees, 
we are confident that the PAT margin number will be improving going 
forward because whatever the incremental revenue that we get, will 
add to our PAT margin number. So yes, as indicated in the earlier call 
there has been a slight drop in the revenue yield but because of the 
cost reduction initiative as well as because of operating leverage 
playing its part, the cost yield has come down drastically and the PAT 
yield we are able to maintain at the same level. 
Surojit Saha: 
On the cost part, I think in the question itself you have the answer. So, 
the difference between for the nine-month period if you see it was Rs. 
92 crore, it has come to Rs. 147 crores. The difference of Rs. 55 crore is 
pertaining to one-time expenses which we discussed in September also 
that is the brokerage expenses which we need to pay for the PFRDA 
(PLI & RPLI) which is around Rs. 8 crores, Rs. 14 crores is the trail fees 
which International has to pay in respect of the business in tandem with 

 
Page 9 of 29 
the revenue increase which has happened in UTI International and Rs. 
15 crore is the PFRDA fees that is 1.5 bps fees which we give to the 
PFRDA and the last difference as you know regarding the digital 
initiatives which we have taken in respect of the Bloomberg and other 
expenses, so these are the four pillars on which our expenses have 
increased, out of which Rs. 8 crore expenses regarding the PFRDA is a 
one-time expense. In respect of employee cost, as we have said in the 
earlier calls, the retirement benefit which will be coming it will be 
spreading over to the next 3 to 4 years but definitely you have seen 
that there is a decline as a percentage of the cost from 22 bps to 17 bps 
and the quarterly average AUM the employee cost is on a decline, so 
definitely all steps the management is taking to keep the cost under 
control in respect of employee cost. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Got it. Sir, so if you would help us understand that going forward what 
sort of yield decline should we expect because this quarter it seems 
there is negative surprise in terms of a very sharp decline because my 
calculation suggests that on the equity side itself there has been some 
8 to 10 bps of decline in the yield. So, going forward, for the next 6 to 
8 quarters we could expect such continued compression in the yield? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
For the March quarter we are maintaining a guidance of around 41 to 
42 bps only. That we can give a guidance on the overall weighted 
average the yield will be closer to around 41 to 42 bps. 
Sahej Mittal: 
And for the next five to six quarters, could we expect such a trend? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yeah, there will be a decline definitely as far as the revenue yield is 
concerned, at least by 2 or 3 bps in a year, but we are confident that as 
far as the cost structure is concerned since we have a declining 
structure and because of operating leverage, the cost yield will actually 
come down. So, we do not see any dilution as far as the PAT yield is 

 
Page 10 of 29 
concerned. So yes, revenue yield may compress by 2 or 3 bps in next 
financial year, but we should be able to maintain our PAT yield. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Got it and if I could squeeze in one last question. Are there any one-offs 
in other income because that has seen a very sharp drop, so if you could 
clarify on that front as well? 
Surojit Saha: 
Other income as you know because of the industry for the last quarter 
the yield has increased from 6 to 6.65 as well as the Nifty has come 
down by 150 points its mainly because of the M to M gain, nothing else. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Got it. Thanks for the answer, Sir, and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal AMC. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Just expanding the point on the yield part, you are 
saying that the yield has dropped by around 2 to 3 bps even in the next 
year so with that the incremental AUM on the equity side is coming up 
possibly we are talking about the yield much on its half of what we are 
doing on the older assets and secondly, is this from the NFO point of 
view or the yields are also so compressed in the existing schemes as 
well? What is the impact between the NFOs as well as the existing 
schemes?  
Vinay Lakhotia 
The yields on the fresh inflows are definitely lower as compared on the 
stock AUM, while on the stock AUM the yields are close to around 90 
basis points, the yield on the fresh AUM varies, depending on the 
category of the scheme as well as distributor category from which we 
are actually mobilizing it. So, in the earlier concall also we have given 
management guidance that the yields on fresh inflows depend on 
sharing ratio and our sharing ratio is around 50% to 80% of the total 
expense ratio between the manufacturer as well as the distributor, 50% 

 
Page 11 of 29 
being the lower end of the distributor category which is the IFA and 
80% will be the banks and national distributors. So definitely, the yields 
on the fresh inflows are lower as compared to stock AUM. We do not 
see much of a difference in the yield as far as the NFO is concerned. 
The NFO margins are also in the similar range. We did have an NFO in 
our equity scheme in the second quarter where we mobilized close to 
around Rs 2,500 crores in focused equity fund, that has also attributed 
to a slight drop the equity yield in this quarter. But yes, the trend will 
be there. We do see an impact of 2 to 3 bps in the next financial year 
as far as the revenue yield is concerned. But having stated that, we are 
confident of maintaining as far as the PAT yield is concerned and PAT 
margin number should actually improve going forward because 
whatever incremental revenue is earned, is being added to our bottom 
line and the PAT margin number will actually be improving further 
going forward. 
Prayesh Jain: 
That is helpful. Secondly, on the International Funds, Can you just give 
some light as to what are kind of flows that we would have seen in the 
nine-month period and what will be the impact of M2M on the AUM? 
Surojit Saha: 
The flow in the Investor presentation also we have given that the AUM 
has increased Y-0-Y 59% and if you see the international business yield 
which was 26 bps in Q3FY21 has come up to 35 bps in Q3FY22 and in 
Q2FY22 it was 32 bps. So continuously the overall improvement in the 
yield in the international business is helping us to give a good 
contribution to the overall PAT. 
Prayesh Jain: 
My question is on the flows. What is the kind of flows we have seen in 
the international subsidiaries in the nine months? 
Surojit Saha: 
Yeah, nine months if you see from Rs. 36,400 crore which is the current 
AUM and it was around Rs. 21,000 crore, overall there is a flow of 

 
Page 12 of 29 
around Rs. 12,000 crore, out of that Rs. 1,100 crore is the appreciation 
value and the rest is the equity flow which has come in the international 
business. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay and what are the strategies with regard to future product 
launches, both on domestic side as well as international side? For the 
domestic particularly, when we will be launching ETFs, would we be 
focusing on slightly higher yield products like smart beta / ETFs? What 
is the product launch pipeline and both domestic and international and 
what are the thoughts behind launching these products? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
On the domestic side, we have an approval from SEBI for a multi cap 
fund, but we are waiting for the right opportune time for launching it. 
We also have approval for two smart beta funds one is the mid cap fund 
and one is the low volatility fund, but these will again be soft launches 
because these are funds which grow over a period of time. People have 
to get used to the concept. So, we expect the AUM to grow over a 
period of time. These are not mass-market products, so our multi cap 
fund is one which will be more mass-market product which we will be 
launching. On the international market, we are looking to launch a 
global innovation fund which will be looking at the new age companies 
which are coming up in India and we are doing the initial understanding 
from our investors across the globe on whether they would have some 
kind of interest in this kind of a fund. So, this is in the pipeline. It will 
take some more time. We have not finalized the contours of the fund. 
But this is something that we look to launch on the international 
segment. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Just to add on the domestic side because of the SEBI categorization, 
apart from the multi cap category we do not have any other product 
gap available, so apart from the multi cap most of the product launches 
in terms of NFO will be either index fund or an ETF category kind of 

 
Page 13 of 29 
fund only. So multi cap is the only category that is available. Rest all 
products whenever we launched it will be in the ETF or index category 
fund. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just on the ETF and index category fund, what will be the thought 
process? You mentioned that the yields on these assets are 5 to 6 bps 
and while some ETF can fetch higher income for rest of AMCs. Do we 
move towards those kinds of products or we will try and get some 
market share with trying to maintain these kinds of yields? So, my 
question is firstly to understand whether the yield on ETF can improve 
going ahead or we should look at 5 to 6 bps? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Most of the ETFs that we are going to launch going forward will be 
smart beta kind of product where the expense ratio both in the ETF as 
well as the index categories will be significantly higher than what we 
are charging it. So while our AMC fees on ETF category is currently 5 to 
6 bps is because that Nifty ETF funds which is our largest fund in the 
category, there we charge expense ratio close to 7 basis points. But the 
new launches, like we launched the momentum index fund and going 
forward whatever the smart beta products that we are going to launch, 
we see an AMC yield close to around 35 to 40 bps which should improve 
the ETF and the index category AMC yields going forward. Definitely, it 
should be higher as compared to 5 to 6 basis points that we are 
currently charging. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Prayesh, to look at your question, there are two strategies. One is the 
investor who is looking at an evolved product to invest in and these are 
some of the index funds and ETF fund for those kinds of investors who 
want smart beta strategy to invest. So, we are catering to two different 
markets that any which way the yields are going to be higher, but we 
have to look at different sets of market and launch products for them. 
So, the multi cap funds will be for the retail investor who is looking to 

 
Page 14 of 29 
invest in the broad market while some of the smart beta funds will be 
towards the evolved investors. So, there are two separate segments 
that we are looking to target. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
First, what percentage of the current AUM is like the old book which 
was low sort of trail commission book? Second is the employee cost 
what has been the progress in terms of the number of retirements and 
because somehow the costs are still high, so I know that this should 
sort of trend downwards but it still seems to be a little bit on the higher 
side so when do we see that flowing into the numbers? Third can you 
give me the number for support service fees on inter-branch billing for 
this quarter and the last quarter? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Madhukar on the first question, the yield on the stock AUM - we are 
disclosing it, but really we do not have a break up of what is the total 
component of the low trail commission, AUM of the overall, but 
transparently we have been disclosing the net sales number on every 
quarter on quarter basis, so definitely one can derive some of these 
numbers as what the fresh AUM is there of our total AUM.  
Surojit Saha:  
Employee cost, we have plans but it will take some time because of the 
current pandemic scenario, we have no plans which we have decided 
earlier but it is on the cards and we will look into it and normal 
retirement as you are aware every year the impact will be coming and 
slowly you will be seeing the impact on the employee cost over the 
years till 2028. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Right, and the support service fees? 

 
Page 15 of 29 
Surojit Saha: 
Inter-branch billing as the last time we said we are not showing in our 
accounts now. Offline, if you can talk to me I can give you the figure but 
now inter-branch billing is not part of our accounts. We have removed 
it if you remember in the last quarter itself.  
Vinay Lakhotia:  
Madhukar, as you are already aware it is just a contra entry. So there is 
no point in showing one figure in income and other in expenses. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So it has been netted off? 
Surojit Saha: 
Yes, That is why in the last presentation in September, we made it very 
clear that we are not showing it in our books from September 2021. So, 
December it is not appearing at all.  
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  On our employee cost, we are achieving our goals. So far as natural 
attritions are concerned by way of retirement and is a very significant 
number. If you see the employee cost, it has not increased despite the 
fact that as you know there is severe pressure on attritions of good 
asset / employees. We have not increased the employee cost. Now 
going forward, what is our strategy? We will let you know if any specific 
strategy comes out. We are working to increase the efficiency of our 
employees. We are working to enhance the skill of our employees, 
proper skilling is also happening but rationalization of the employees 
also happen and for that we need to wait and there are a lot of other 
factors to be considered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Shail from 
Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Firstly, just to clear the confusion between consolidated and stand 
alone, your standalone number is only for the mutual funds whereas 
the consolidated will have all of this put together. Is my understanding 
correct? 

 
Page 16 of 29 
Surojit Saha: 
Yes. 
Jignesh Shial:  
Secondly, you said that incremental funds, only multi cap funds will 
have equity rest will be under index category, even in the index 
category the yield will see an improvement. Is my understanding 
correct on this whatever you said? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes, most of the funds that we plan to launch in the ETF and index 
category will be kind of smart beta product where the yield will be 
significantly higher as compared to stock AUM yield. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Okay, understood. But still, you're saying that incrementally over a 
year, you'll see a revenue, which will be seeing 2 bps to 3 bps kind of a 
decline and that is may be because we are shifting to sales commission 
basis. Is it the reason or there is something else to it? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
It is a combination of two factors. The fresh inflows are coming as lower 
yield plus we must see the growth of ETF category as well because that 
is growing at a substantial pace. So, the growth of ETF category kind of 
drags our overall yield downwards . So even if in the last one year if you 
say ETF category has actually grown by almost around 600 bps in our 
overall asset composition. Because of 5 and 6 bps we are charging 
under the ETF category, it kind of drags our overall yield number. So 
there will be a marginal decline in the revenue yield but PAT yield we 
are confident. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Understood. And just the incremental fund is coming at lower yield that 
is basically because of the competition is getting built up or the 
brokerage which is relatively higher? Any particular reason why this 
incremental is relatively low? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yeah, it is competitive industry but the brokerage rates are almost 
standardized across all industry players. As we have stated earlier also, 

 
Page 17 of 29 
the sharing between the distributor and the manufacturer is in the 
range of around 50% to 80% of our total expense ratio. So the fresh 
money that is coming it has a lower yield as compared to the AUM yield 
that we are charging on the stock AUM. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Okay, and just lastly, I see this sharp dip in UTI Capital AUM from June 
to September whereas UTI International has shown a sharp rise. 
Anything to read about because I am little unaware about this? Any 
specific reason behind it? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: UTI Capital is basically we are in the building stage, so we had SDOF 
fund and we have basically paid back to the investors, very successful 
fund. We are in the process of launching the fund SDFO 2, we have 
already launched. We are in the fund-raising stage now. We have built 
a very strong team. We have built a very good track record and this is 
a building stage so we are building this particular company and we need 
to wait for a couple of more years to start this company delivering good 
contributions to the parent company. You see the UTI International is 
now doing a terrific job and UTI Retirement solutions is also doing a 
terrific job and our funds are doing pretty well so far as UTI Capital is 
concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Jain from Citi Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Jain: 
Thank you. On one data point, which is on period and AUM by segment 
which you usually give on the call. If you could share those numbers, 
please? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Aditya, you want the AUM for which period? For December you want 
by the category? 
Aditya Jain: 
Yeah, the period end. You shared the quarterly average…. 

 
Page 18 of 29 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
For UTI? 
Aditya Jain: 
Period end for December by segment so equity hybrid debt liquid 
pattern. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yeah, so the total AUM is Rs 216,382 crore, equity Rs 71,022 crore, 
hybrid Rs. 26,773 crore, ETF and index fund is at Rs. 61,264 crore, 
income at Rs. 19,041 crore and liquid fund at Rs. 32,282 crore. So 
overall AUM Rs. 216,382 crore. 
Aditya Jain: 
In response to the earlier question you mentioned that benefit from 
retiral will come gradually till 2028 so just wanted to check your 
guidance has been Rs. 60 to 70 crores of benefit from retiral coming 
from three to four years, are we changing that or was comment on 
different intent? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
I think that is the guidance that we are giving that Rs. 65 to 70 crore will 
be the saving over a period the next three to four years. 
Aditya Jain: 
Got it. You have discussed the yield impact of ETFs and smart beta ETFs. 
On the OPEX side, how to you compare the passive versus active? As 
we understand passive would be much lower. But is there some rough 
sense you could give us how much does it take to run the passive side 
versus active side? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
The expense ratio in the ETF category which is the Nifty ETF which is 
the largest, it is close to around 7 to 8 bps and AMC yield that we are 
charging is 5 bps. To run the operations, it is hardly less than 2 to 3 bps 
of opex from the ETF category. 
Aditya Jain: 
Got it. So that is on the scheme and for the AMC P & L there is no 
incremental cost? 

 
Page 19 of 29 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Entire team is in place. We do have a team in place and there is no 
incremental cost as far as AMC is concerned even if we launch 
additional ETF categories of funds. 
Aditya Jain: 
No Sir, I wanted to understand the way the things are now, I 
understand incrementally there is operating leverage both on passive 
and active but if you look at the cost structure today how much of it 
would you allocate to passive within the other OPEX and within the 
staff cost? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
On the AMC side? 
Aditya Jain: 
In the operating expenses on AMC P&L in the employee benefit and 
other expenses, is there a way to allocate, break this apart into how 
much it is towards passive and how much it is towards active? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Even if we do not have the number as of now readily available, just to 
give a number perspective it is hardly a team size of around five people 
on the passive side. So the salary cost as well some bit of infrastructure 
related cost. So, it will be a very, very miniscule number as compared 
to the overall OPEX number at UTI AMC. 
Aditya Jain: 
Got it. That’s really helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Anshuman from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anshuman: 
I just wanted one clarification. You mentioned about your PAT bps of 
your expectation of maintaining it at 20 to 21 bps, is that number 
correct and this includes the other income, all inclusive of that number, 
right? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
It is inclusive of all the numbers. The PAT is at the standalone basis, not 
on the consolidated number. 

 
Page 20 of 29 
Anshuman: 
Okay, on a standalone basis you have a fair visibility that it will remain 
around 20 to 21 bps despite the volatility of the yields? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yeah, because we are confident that with the declining cost structure 
and the cost yield coming down because of operating leverage, I think 
we should be able to maintain our PAT yield. 
Anshuman: 
But your other income could be very volatile, right? So, what kind of 
other income we can think in this number? 
Surojit Saha: 
See, other income will definitely be volatile but we have certain 
investments in venture funds which whenever it exits it does not 
depend so much on the index, so those things we have on the cards, 
we have investments, so that will be contributing to the other income. 
Anshuman: 
Right, right. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: Anshuman, in our investor presentation, we have shown the core PAT 
and we have also displayed and highlighted the overall PAT. So that will 
give you a clear visibility how the number will look like. 
Anshuman: 
Right, got it Sir. And my last question is a couple of quarters back I think 
at the time of Q1 we were thinking of more of 43 bps for this year 
whereas now it is more of let us say around 40 to 41 bps. So, this 
surprise is mostly because of higher amount of ETF inflow or a 
combination of all the constituents? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
For the full financial year, we are confident of maintaining it at around 
42 bps. It is a combination of two factors, the growth of ETF as well as 
contribution of fresh inflows being at a lower margin as compared to 
the stock AUM. So, we have indicated in our earlier call as well that 
there will be a marginal decline and we are confident of maintaining it 
at 42 bps. 

 
Page 21 of 29 
Anshuman: 
Got it Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra 
from Systematix Shares. 
Shubranshu Mishra: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions. One is that 
we have got a lot of seasoning in our equity scheme, yet the bank 
contribution to our equity AUM is anywhere between 9% to 11%. Also, 
slightly puzzling because we have got three large banks as our 
stakeholders, which are SBI, PNB and BOB, so just wanted to 
understand this and also if you can give out the concentration of maybe 
the top 500 or top 1000 MFDs to the equity contribution from the 
61,000. That is the first part of the question, Sir. Second part is that in 
our liquid and overnight funds, what is the split between PSU 
companies and private sector companies? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: Let me speak about the last question. We are not getting much money 
from the PSUs, as we are a private company, like ONGC and all they do 
not invest with us now and the other question is about the three 
shareholders and what is the contribution? We are getting a significant 
amount of contribution from BOB and PNB. We are working with State 
Bank of India to increase allocation and out of their distribution of 
wealth. And other details of top 500, Sandeep will share with you. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
So Shubhranshu, if you look at the banks also, as Mr. Rahman first 
shared, we are getting a good share from the banks. If you look at my 
AUM which is as of March, it was around 1.56% of the AUM was coming 
from the banks, now it is improved to 2.11%, so there is an 
improvement on the equity side in the contribution which is coming 
from the banks. If I look at the national distributors which are the larger 
distributors, again if I look at my March 2021 numbers, there were 
about 1.23%, these have improved to 1.52%, so we are seeing 

 
Page 22 of 29 
improvement in the top distributors as well as bank sharing and 
participating in the growth of UTI and selling our funds. 
Shubhranshu: 
My question remains unanswered. What is the concentration of top 
500 MFDs in the equities from the 61,000 MFDs? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
We can share it separately. As of now, we do not have that number 
readily available. 
Shubhranshu: 
Sure, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from 
Securities Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Firstly that your commentary that despite the fall in yield we will see 
an improvement in PAT margins even in FY23. Now again there are two 
parts to the question to this. First is if I look at your yield across major 
products and even in ETF your yield which you charge is significantly 
lower than what the other competitors in the market are charging and 
even lower than what the prescribed maximum limit is. So just trying 
to understand with this and also the fact that we have been more 
aggressive in the marketplace, what is the thinking behind this 
particular strategy? So that is one. Second is if I look your commentary 
of PAT margin improvement the cost part, is that linked to the growth 
in AUM or we think internally we have levers to further reduce the cost 
on an absolute basis. Just trying to pick your thinking on that. So that is 
first on overall yield part. Second is on the market share part. You know, 
if I look at you overall liquid product market share or even hybrid or 
even for that matter NPS we have been seeing a market share erosion 
for last two to three quarters. So just want to understand what is 
driving this and where do we think this will settle at? So that is second 
and third is broadly at the company level, if any particular large investor 
chooses to exit stake at the AMC level, does that necessitate a change 

 
Page 23 of 29 
in that particular investor’s shareholding at the sponsor level or those 
two are mutually exclusive? Thank you. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
I will take the first part of the question. As far as our expense ratio on 
the yield are concerned to the best of my knowledge I think our AMC 
yield on the stock AUM is not lower vis a vis competitor , definitely at 
par with some of the industry players. We are making close to around 
85 to 90 bps of yield on our equity and hybrid category of the funds and 
the expense ratios we are charging in line with SEBI regulations. 
Whatever the SEBI regulations permit, we are charging the expense 
ratio.  On the cost part, yes, we have some lever on the cost part where 
we believe that our cost structure going forward will be on a declining 
trajectory and that is being demonstrated in our cost ratio over the last 
two to three years. Major part of that saving will be on the employee 
cost where because of retiral the employee cost will be actually on a 
declining trajectory, and we will not see a significant increase in our 
employee cost over a period of two to three years primarily because of 
the retirement that is taking place. So yes, the cost will be on a declining 
trajectory and because of operating leverage and growth in AUM the 
cost ratios will actually improve and it has actually been improving over 
the last two to three quarters. So that is why we are confident that 
inspite of drop of one or two bps in the revenue margin yield we should 
be able to maintain our PAT yield. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt. On the yield part, if you look at the ETF product, 
you said you charge 6 to 7 bps, now comparable products from other 
AMCs they charge somewhere between say 15 to 20 bps. The net yield 
after expenses for them is around 10 to 12 bps on the minimum but for 
ours it is hardly 2 to 3 bps. What is driving this aggressive fee structure 
and on top of that we have a very aggressive sharing with the channel 
as well. So just trying to understand our overall strategy in terms of 

 
Page 24 of 29 
product pricing in the marketplace. That is one and second on the cost 
what I really meant on absolute basis do we have any levers to further 
bring it down? Because I understand AUM growth is also a function of 
what the market appreciation plays out, which is not really in our 
hands. If I have to understand in absolute level, other employee cost or 
other OPEX and admin, do we have any lever further bring it down 
irrespective of the AUM growth? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
In the ETF category, our expense ratio are 7 bps, is in line with the other 
market figure in ETF because that is the kind of expense ratio we work 
with EPFOs. So inspite of charging close to around 7 bps of our TER our 
yield on the AMC yield on the ETF for the Nifty ETF fund is close to 
around 5 bps and that more because of arrangement with EPFO which 
we and SBI mutual funds follow. In some of the newer ETF and the 
index category especially the momentum index fund or smart beta fund 
we are confident that the yield will be significantly higher as compared 
to what we are charging on the Nifty ETF fund but definitely those AUM 
as compared to the overall AUM will still be significantly lower. So, you 
might not see a marginal increase in the overall yield category of the 
ETF and the index fund category. On the cost part as we have indicated 
earlier because of the retirement of the employees, we see a significant 
drop in the employee cost over a period of next two to three years. So, 
the cost will be on a declining trajectory and we do not see a major rise 
in the employee cost over the next two to three years. The 
management has given a guidance earlier that we see a cumulative 
saving on the employee cost because of retirement to the extent of 
around Rs. 65 to 70 crores over a period of next two to three years. So 
once you factor that into the projection, our employee cost actually is 
on a decline trajectory and that gives us the confidence that the ratio 
will actually be improving going forward. 

 
Page 25 of 29 
Viraj Kacharia: 
On the market share and on the shareholding, if you can comment on 
that? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yeah, so if you look at my income category of funds, I have actually 
increased my market share from December 2020 to December 2021. It 
has grown up by about 10 bps - but that is significant, because as we 
had mentioned earlier that some of the impact of the credit crises had 
impacted us and now, with the strengthening of the team and with the 
improvement in the fund performance, we are seeing traction coming 
back. So, if you look at my AUM from September to December, it has 
actually grown. So we feel that this momentum will continue, though 
on a Y-o-Y basis my AUM has fallen because December 2020 was a 
different scenario, now again with the interest rates and all, it is a 
different scenario, but we feel that the investor’s confidence is coming 
back which is seen from my increase in market share in the income 
category. If you look at my liquid category, this is again a quarter 
phenomenon where the AUM flows are higher. We are seeing some 
AUM flows which has happened to us and that is because of the 
liquidity crunch that is there in the market, we saw that our AUM was 
redeemed and we saw some fall in our market share in this category. 
But again, once the quarter is over, we are confident that we should be 
able to get back our flows in the liquid category of funds. But overall, 
our market share has been improving, so it looks fine. What is your 
question on shareholding pattern? 
Viraj Kacharia: 
No, my question also was on market share loss in NPS business, it used 
to be 30% to 31%, that is how it has always been, but last nine months 
it has dropped to around 27%. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: Okay, let me answer that. In fact if you see now in the recent quarter 
our allocation is 34%. For almost two and half to three months period, 
the allocation was reduced to 17%. It has been reinstituted to 34% and 

 
Page 26 of 29 
that is the reason overall margin share shows a dip. But if you go fast 
forward. Our allocation will be in the range of 33% to 34%. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Fine, and on the change in shareholding, so if any large investor were 
to exit the stake completely, does that also necessitate exit at the 
sponsor level? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: We have not idea about that. As the CEO, I have no idea about any exit 
plan of any shareholder. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
No, no, I am just talking about hypothetical situation. I am not saying if 
anyone is exiting, just hypothetically if anyone were to exit? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: I cannot answer any hypothetical question. You know this is an 
investor’s conference. I have no idea about any shareholder exiting, 
right? As the CEO, I have no idea. 
Viraj Kacharia 
Okay, just one last question if I can squeeze in. On the international 
business, you said that the increase in AUM on a nine-month basis was 
somewhere around Rs. 12,000 to Rs. 13,000 crores of which the 
appreciation was only Rs. 1000 or Rs. 2000 crores, and inflows was 
around Rs. 11,000 crores. But if we were to look at the overall market 
returns also it seems the fund itself has underperformed continually. 
Am I missing something here? Just trying to understand. 
Surojit Saha: 
That increase which is taking place includes equity as well as debt 
funds, right? In the equity fund, the major fund is the IDEF fund which 
is around Rs. 10,500 crores. So for that the inflow itself for 12 months 
was around Rs. 4,500 crores and the appreciation in that is around Rs. 
1,700 crore and the debt market you know as the yield is rising and not 
much appreciation is there, so that is why I said Rs. 1,700. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay, got it. Thank you very much and wish you good luck. 

 
Page 27 of 29 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question for today. 
It is from the line from Hiten Jain from Invesco Mutual fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Hiten Jain: 
Hi, I have two questions. First is normally in normally in third quarter 
the data that we have for the last two years, there is an accounting of 
variable pay and normally in third quarter the employee cost goes up 
at least in the last two years. So, but this quarter it has not been so. So, 
is it that we have cut variable pay and that is why employee cost is 
sequentially looking slightly down? 
Surojit Saha: 
As you know, if you remember in the last December quarter, we said 
we are expecting the market to move up, so we have provided Rs. 60 
crore variables pay for the full year, so as of December 2020, Rs. 45 
crore was charged, but this FY 21-22, we have taken a budget of Rs. 35 
crores, only Rs. 27 crores has been charged for the three quarters. So 
that difference is appearing in the employee cost. 
Hiten Jain: 
Also the variable pay is down from Rs. 45 to Rs. 35 crores in this 
financial year. Is that right? 
Surojit Saha: 
Rs. 45 crore to Rs. 27 crore for the three quarters. Rs. 60 crore was 
taken for the full year FY 20-21. So up to December 2020, it was Rs. 45 
crores in the last year. So, in this year FY 21-22, total amount is Rs. 35 
crores for these nine months, it is Rs. 27 crores. 
Hiten Jain: 
Understood. So if you think about your estimate of variable pay that is 
Rs. 35 versus Rs. 45 last financial year, right? 
Surojit Saha: 
Yes, for the full financial year 2020-21, we have paid out only Rs. 35 
crores. In the last quarter, the amount got adjusted, but up to 
December 2020, we had charged Rs. 45 crore, but at the end of year as 

 
Page 28 of 29 
of March 2021 we paid out Rs. 35 crores only once our KRA and 
everything got finalized. 
Hiten Jain: 
Got it. So you are saying there is no change in variable, neither increase 
nor reduced, right? 
Surojit Saha: 
Yes. 
Hiten Jain: 
Okay. And my second question is there a fixed retirement age or it is 
subjective, you have to take board approval because in an earlier 
question there was this statement made saying that because Covid was 
there we are working with the board and we are working on the 
retirals. So, is not there a fixed retirement age? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yeah. There is a fixed retirement age for all employees. 
Hiten Jain: 
Okay, so what was that response of “we are working with the board on 
retirement and even Covid is around”  
Imtaiyazur Rahman: The response was on the question “are we planning any VRS?” 
Hiten Jain: 
Oh, okay on VRS. And this year, what I have seen is at least in the last 
three quarters there is this reduction of 48 employees and if I am 
correct there is no retirement in these 48, it is just people have left and 
you have not replaced. Is that the right understanding? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: Retirements are there. There will be normal attrition also at the junior 
level. 
Hiten Jain: 
Okay. So out of these 48, how many people would have retired? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: I will send you the data. 
Hiten Jain: 
Okay. Alright. Thank you. 

 
Page 29 of 29 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question 
for today. I would now like to hand the conference back to the 
management for closing comments. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude today’s conference call 
for today. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
