A
ARIHANT
SUPERSTRUCTURES
LTD.
CONTINUING
STA BILITY
CONTINUING
STABILITY
Corporate Relations Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 506194
Class of Security: Equity
024 February, 2022
Listing Compliance Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP
Series: EQ
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on 27 January, 2022:
Sir /Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our letter dated 224 January, 2022 intimating
you about the Conference Call with the Investors held on Thursday, 27th January, 2022
at 12.00 Noon (1ST), please find attached Transcript of aforesaid Conference Call.
Kindly take the same in your records and inform the Stakeholders accordingly.
Thanking You
Yours Faithfully
For Arihant Superstructures Limited
Govind Rao
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Enclosed: a/a
L51900MH1983PLC029643
ArihantAura, B-Wing, 25" Floor, Plot No 13/l,
1el.: 022 6249 3333
Website : www.asl.net.in
TTC Industrial Area, Thone Belopur Rood,
I
022 6249 3344
Email
: info@asl.net.in
Turbhe, Novi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400705
I

 
 
 
 
 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
Earning Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
January 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
 
Ashok Chhajer 
Chairman and Managing Director 
Parth Chhajer 
Promoter 
Abhishek Shukla 
Chief Strategy Officer 
Deepak Lohia 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 

Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Arihant Superstructures 
Limited Q3 FY’22 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be no opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
Mr. Kapil Yadav from Dolat Capital. Thank you and over to Mr. Yadav.   
Kapil Yadav: 
Thank you Neerav. Good afternoon, everyone on behalf of Dolat Capital. I 
would like to thank Arihant Superstructures Limited for giving us the 
opportunity to host this earnings call. From the management we have with 
us today, Mr. Ashok Chhajer ji - Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Parth 
Chhajer - Promoter, Mr. Abhishek Shukla - Chief Strategy Officer and Mr. 
Deepak Lohia - Chief Financial Officer, Arihant Superstructure Limited. 
Now I would like to hand over to Mr. Abhishek Shukla ji.  
Abhishek Shukla:  
Thank you Mr. Kapil. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you 
for joining the Arihant Superstructures Conference Call to discuss Q3 FY 
2022 results. First, I will go through key operational highlights for Q3 and 
nine month FY ‘22 followed by the financial highlights of the quarter before 
handing over to Mr. Parth Chhajer and then subsequently our Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. Ashok Chhajer.  
During the quarter, the construction work commenced and gained pay for 
our affordable housing projects Amisha Phase 2 at Taloja and Arihant 5 
Anaika again at Taloja. If you recall, from our last conference call, this were 
launched in Q2. We have already sold around 55% of 134 units launched in 
Amisha which was launched in Q2 and over 60% of 250 units launched in 
Arihant 5 Anaika, which was launched in Q1 FY ’22. Coming to overall sales 
booking achieved in Q3 FY ‘22, we are sold about 415 units, which 
aggregates to 3.66 Lakh square feet of area. And in terms of value, it is INR 
185 crore. This takes the nine month FY 2022 sales booking to a total of 
1,116 units translating into an area of about a million square feet with a 
total value of INR 520 crore. With this, we have already surpassed the FY 
‘21 sales booking of INR 400 crore. The total collection for the quarter 
stood an INR 100.8 crore. And for the nine month the collections were INR 
305 crore as compared to INR180 crore for the nine month FY ‘21 period, 
which is a growth of about 70%. The collections also surpassed the full year 
FY ‘21 figures of INR287 crore for FY ‘21. So strong sales and collections is 
the testament of the trust of our customers in brand Arihant and the 
leadership position of the company in its micro markets.   
We are seeing continued momentum in our projects and are set to take 
advantage of the same in the new launches over next couple of quarters. 
Taking you through the financial highlights. The total revenue for the 
quarter stood at INR 88.67 crore as against INR 73.57 crore in Q3 FY ‘21. 
That is a year-on-year growth of about 20.5%, and as compared to INR 88 
crore in Q2 FY ’22. EBITDA in Q3 stands that INR 18.5 crore as compared 

to INR 14.8 crore in Q3 FY ‘21, which is the growth of about 24.6% year-
on-year. And for Q2, it was INR 20.2 crore EBITDA margins increased by 
68 basis points to INR20.8 crore in Q3 FY ‘22. And the PAT figures currently 
stand at INR 11.6 crore in Q3 FY ‘22 as compared to INR 5.15 crore in Q3 
FY ‘21, which is a growth of about 125% year-on-year. PAT margins 
expanded significantly to 13.1% in Q3 FY ‘22 as compared to 7% in Q3 FY 
‘21.   
This is due to 13% reduction in finance cost and tax benefits arising out of 
our projects. For nine months ended 31st December 2021. The total 
revenue increased by 76% year-on-year to INR 261.7 crore. EBITDA also 
rose strongly by 84% to INR 54 crore and PAT increased by the highest by 
1290%, INR 31.5 crore from just INR 2.9 crore in the corresponding nine 
month period. And it has also doubled from INR15.7 crore for the entire 
financial year FY ‘21. This can again be attributed to 27% reduction in 
finance cost on a year-on-year basis for the nine month period.  
The gross debt is reduced by INR 9 crore in the quarter and is down by INR 
96 crore since 31 March 2020, which currently stands at INR 290.70 crore 
as on 31 December 2021. Strong cash flows from sales, margin expansion 
and reduce finance cost will help the company to capitalize on the growth 
opportunities provided by the upswing in real estate cycle. Coming to the 
general market scenario according to a recent -- research, 2021 
demonstrated a strong demand across all top seven cities, MMR in 
particular saw 24% year-on-year increase in demand to 112 million square 
feet. So last four years have seen modest launches, which has also resulted 
in declining inventory. Calendar year ‘21 saw 12% decline in MMR 
inventory levels to 26 months now, which is very, very healthy. Strong 
demand coupled with modest launches has resulted in increase in price 
levels so of about 7% to 8% on an average across MMR. It is now widely 
acknowledged that it is not just the pent up demand that is driving housing 
sales, but also organic demand that is generated due to low interest rates, 
very high interest from the first time home buyers and favourable 
regulatory environment.  
This financial has witnessed the beginning of the up cycle for the housing 
market for next six years as quoted by Mr. Deepak Parekh and even the 
government's inclination to the sector is also very positive. Coupled with 
this there is availability of capital in the market right now for right kind of 
projects with reputed developers, having a good track record. Almost USD 
8 billion have been invested in Indian real estate in the last one and a half 
years.  And many institutional investors have either raised or run in or in 
process of raising capital. HDFC for instance has raised USD 2 billion 
recently to fund affordable housing projects, which is again, very positive 
sign for the sector and overall the market and the company is poised to do 
well going forward.  

For the next round I'll request Mr. Parth Chhajer to take over from here and 
brief everyone about the organization as well as the new launches that are 
in the pipeline. Thank you.  
Parth Chhajer: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good afternoon, everyone. So there is no change in 
the nine month FY ‘22 pre-sales guidance as we have achieved the targets 
and the cash flows. We are currently the market leaders in our area of 
operations with 10% market share in Navi Mumbai. Our company's focus 
is to gain and grow from our position hear on and expand into newer 
geographies in the MMR region. We are bringing in new innovations in our 
products from this quarter, starting with a launch of the ‘O Factor’ wherein 
we are providing a separate office room inside the apartment and this is 
coming up in our flagship project at Arihant Aspire in Panvel. Setting in 
with the ongoing trends we are planning up more such launches in the 
upcoming six quarters, focusing on the affordable and mid income housing, 
which will help us achieve higher volumes. As an organization, we are 
increasing our manpower quarterly with continuous recruitment to gear 
up for the up cycle.  
In this financial year, we have added 106 new team members to our 
organization across all verticals, taking the total organization strength to 
308 employees. I now hand over the forum to Mr. Ashok Chhajer, Chairman 
and Managing Director.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Good evening, everybody. Ashok Chhajer here, welcome to the conference 
call. With the business development we have been selecting the projects 
with best returns and very less risk. As one of the project which we 
invested in the last year at Arihant 4 Anaika the land cost was INR 15 crore 
versus the total top line of INR 125 crore sales and resulting to around INR 
45 crore of PAT margins. And such type of new projects are also there with 
the Company  in development in hand, which would be engaging up in the 
next coming quarters, very soon. Coupled up with the asset light models, 
the blended margins would be often surprising a higher numbers here, 
onwards. And as we have seen in the last six quarters, we have been 
consistent in terms of growth on period-to-period and cycle-to-cycle as 
narrated by Parth and Abhishek in all the terms of business operations. 
With the percentage completion method for all the projects, it is pretty, 
with the transparency and clarity to analyse the and judge the company 
and it's numbers and figures and balance sheets. It gives them consistency 
and scalability, a lot of consistency and the scalability in hand to be taken 
for the next quarters. I opened the forum for Q&A for all the guests.   
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Keval Asher from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.   
Keval Asher:  
Congratulations, Ashok Ji and team for strong performance in terms of 
booking and collections in this quarter and nine months. I have two 

questions. So first since we have double digit market shares in Navi 
Mumbai. So do we see this being saturated for us or do we still have high 
visibility in this market. 
Ashok Chhajer: 
The visibility on MMR is largest because that is the area ranging to around 
50 square kilometre, which is pretty large right from Thane starting on the 
one end and ending Panvel and extended suburbs like Kalyan and Badlapur 
all over. And being scattered in different locations with different projects 
from mid to small size, it enables us to de risk our self in terms of sales and 
market share. And we are able to generate sales at across all the 14 projects 
in different locations. Being into spread across MMR, the next project's also 
coming up in the same MMR region. The demand is very high and for at a 
least a decade it doesn't look to be any saturation.  
Keval Asher:  
Okay, got it. And Sir second thing I wanted to know is looking at the current 
environment, if interest rate goes up from here, then how do you see it 
being impacted for real estate sector?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
What these industry leaders have interacted with the Prime Minister 
Office, as well as the government of India, it looks that there would be 
greater inclination towards the sector to be for the home buyers. And we 
look forward that there would be further more benefits coming to the 
home buyers, which would increase the capability and capacity of a niche 
home buyer also. And we also see that there would be a change in definition 
of affordable housing cap of 45 Lakhs, which the associations and 
industries have already projected to the government. For real estate sector 
per se, the marginal impact of interest would be covered up very easily by 
the sector support by the Government of India.  
Keval Asher:  
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much and all the best for the coming years.  
Ashok Chhajer: 
Thank you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. Please 
go ahead.   
Puneet: 
Thank you so much and congratulation on good performance. If you can 
give some more insight on what you are seeing on the pricing side, is there 
a room for you to take some material price hike in your market?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
The pricing on per square feet or the market price of the selling product 
has already increased by 10% on an average across Pan India Metro cities, 
which is well taken care of the cost and rise of materials across. And going 
forward there won't be any big speculation. Each of the leading industry 
players have adopted the method of factory style of model where the 
inventory is not to be hold,  and to roll over the projects at the initial stages 
for sales in totality. And with that aspect, it looks like that property prices 
in real estate may see average increase of 5% to 6% on year-on-year basis, 
but it won't be speculated to doubling up in year or two.   

Puneet: 
But for you specifically, what extent of price increase did you take in say 
last quarter, for example.  
Ashok Chhajer: 
We increased our pricing in the month of April itself and it was an average 
of 7% to 7.5% across all the project depending on project-to-project. So 
some of the project we took an increase of 12%, some of them at 5%.   
Puneet: 
So 7% in April and post April 2021 you haven't taken any abbreviation.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
We have not taken any much.  
Puneet: 
That useful. Thank you so much. And on the line side do you want to acquire 
new land or do JDS and what kind of trends are you seeing in terms of those 
relationships on pricing.  
Ashok Chhajer: 
As in company, we generally go with a mix model. Till today, it was all 
acquired land, right now on the business development platform almost five 
to six projects are to be engaged up in the next coming short period, which 
would be on asset light model and around same, three to four on outright 
basis. So we will have a blend of both of it because it helps out to have an 
increase EBITDA when compared to outright as well as an asset light 
model. So it would be a blend of both of them.   
Puneet: 
And, and in terms of land pricing, how different are they versus a year back 
and now?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Land prices has increased drastically in the region where the sales are very 
high. So we could have already seen up 50% increase in the land price from 
one year, from the past year till today. But what has helped out to the 
developers is new unified DCR by the Government of Maharashtra across 
Maharashtra, which has increased the FSI from 1 to 2.6. So the land prices 
-- increasing land prices is increate by the increasing FSI and hence the 
project reports have become more feasible and more viable.   
Puneet: 
Okay. So from 1 to 2.6 even in the area that you operate that.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
It has come across for Maharashtra so everybody has got benefit of that.   
Puneet: 
And it fair to assume that similar kind -- so for this 50% land price increase, 
is it now above pre-COVID levels or is it still below pre-COVID level?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
It's from pre-COVID level, the range in mind. 
Puneet: 
50% above pre-COVID level?  
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes.  
Puneet: 
Okay. That interesting. And second, have these land prices changed also 
translated into the change in the sharing rations with your joint 
development partners.  

Ashok Chhajer: 
Marginally yes, largely the premium FSI is there-- is now taken into 
consideration by doing the deal with the landowners. We always talk about 
the basic FSA with the landowner saying that the premium FSI is then 
pseudo land, which has been given by the government. So we don't give a 
share from the premium FSI to the landowners.   
Puneet: 
Yeah. But, but in terms of your relationship, for example, earlier, your JDA 
agreements would have, for example, 40% profit share is the land owner 
now say instead of 40%, he wants to give you only 30% profit or that 
equation hasn't changed.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Perfectly right. The overall ratio of the landlord has decreased when 
compared to the whole project. So many of them are worked out to 20% 
and round for the total 2.6 FSI.   
Puneet: 
So sorry, can you explain this? I didn't get so 20% is the landowner share 
or is your share?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
No, 20% is the landowner share and in MMR region affordable housing and 
this sector where the price of the flat is something sub less than INR 1 crore, 
40% of the share was for one FSI, which makes it 0.4. And when compared 
to 2.6 the 0.4 remains same and which means 40% of one is equal to 15% 
to 20% of 2.6.   
Puneet: 
Okay. So, so in a way it has turned more beneficial for you than what it was 
pre-COVID, irrespective of the underlying implied land price going up.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes.   
Puneet: 
Okay. That's useful. Thank you. That's all from my side. thank you so much.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G 
Hawa & Co. Please go ahead.   
Faisal Hawa:  
I believe that we have a very large land bank also in this Navi Mumbai and 
Panvel area. So now with the land prices, as well as the property prices 
going up, I think this land bank would be suddenly very much more 
valuable because it'll make us go into projects straight away since we now 
have our own land bank, instead of negotiating landowner etc., What would 
and what approximate acre area or square feet that could be developed 
over the next five to six years?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
The company today has around 11.3 million square feet of buildable area 
on spread across 100 acres of land in different 14 projects. So, the 
additional land which is yet to be converted into design stage also would 
be often more advantage. Still acquisition would be there for new projects. 
As we looked at the cycle of the next six years, as told by the most 
honourable person in real estate business Deepak Parek, that we have to 
do the best in this terms of next real estate cycle. The company would be 
looking forward for doubling up the total portfolio to 20 million square.   

Faisal Hawa: 
So you are saying we will be acquiring more land.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes. Either in an asset light model and or in outright basis.  
Faisal Hawa: 
1.3 crore square feet of land is totally never own name and it is almost with 
clear title.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
This is all clear land with approved projects and completely paid up in the 
books of the company.   
Faisal Hawa: 
Okay. But we have not yet started any kind of construction activity or any 
kind of project from this land.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
No, it is already on, out of one the total 1.3 crore around 45 lakh square feet 
of construction is going on where concrete is poured and the balance of 75 
lakh square feet is roped in on phase wise manner, like one phase of 
Arihant Aspire is getting launched in the month of February. Similarly, as 
we keep on delivering and giving possession to the earlier phases, the new 
phases are infused for start of construction.   
Faisal Hawa: 
How do you foresee this, Trans Harbour sea link and the other 
infrastructure, which is primarily, actually favouring new Bombay 
development, really panning out. And do you see that this an entire new 
development paradigm?  
Ashok Chhajer: 
Yes, because across India, across India, there is no one city where such 
large size of infrastructure development is being taking across, right from 
the ceilings to costal highways, to airports, to different ports being coming 
up industrialization. So around 1 million new jobs have been generated in 
the region of Navi Mumbai within the periphery of around 15 kilometres 
from the airport radius. So that sees that this area would have a completely 
different city shape and picture after a decade from here. So what today is 
at INR4,000 a square feet or INR5,000 a square feet would be an history in 
the coming years to come.   
Faisal Hawa: 
Our Company evolving. We will get into commercial, residential, even high 
end luxury. So will be wanting to capture all the verticals because as such 
there is no very, very reputable real estate developer in this entire Navi 
Mumbai region. So we could actually be able to be a very niche or a very 
large developer in this market. Do you see, or aspire to be that kind of a 
player?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
We take project ETC of 1 decade and plus records. We take projects with 
respectful population metrics of the country. So what do you mean by 
population metrics is that leaving apart the economic weaker section EWS 
or below the – leaving apart the below the poverty line, BPL people. So the 
population below the BPL is for 5 lakh or 10 lakh houses, which is catered 
by the government. Leaving apart that you see that 65% of the population 
lies into economic weaker section around 25% lies into MIG A and MIG B 
section. And around 5% lies out into HIG, and 1% into Richer. Our company 

has always kept and taken projects with in all the categories of the income 
group. And we have done very luxury projects like Arihant Ayati where we 
have used around three designers, bath fittings Italy. We do also affordable 
housing where standard operating processors helps out to keep the quality 
of construction sale. And we have generally somebody by and large callers, 
the Marutis of Navi Mumbai where we have each and every product for 
every class or category of people. And that would be the same strategy 
going ahead also. So with respect to population we would be always having 
projects and taking projects. It'll not be like it'll be going all into an 
affordable only or going into all into luxury projects. It is better to service 
for whatever population is there.   
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, currently what is about debt level and how do we plan to bring it down?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Today the debt level is INR290 crore out of which INR 135 crore is from 
secured debt, which is where the major lender is HDFC. And HDFC has been 
there as a lender to the company since last one and a half and plus decade 
and consistently ICICI and HDFC has been lending to the company and 
supportive. Whereas, INR 130 crore to INR 125 crore is being taken from 
HDFC today and the balance of INR 290 crore is INR 160 crore by the 
promoters, which unsecured and payable when enable. And it's almost like 
a quasi-equity. So debt-to-equity ratio, with respect to servicing being done 
on month on month basis is quite low. And there are no plans to increase 
the debt going forward, marginally we'll be able to reduce this complete 
debt in the coming two, two and a half years.   
Faisal Hawa: 
Okay.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan. 
Please go ahead.   
Ronald Siyoni: 
Good afternoon Sir. Few questions. First one is in Navi Mumbai most of the 
land is acquired, majorly through land auctions, or, you know huge land 
parcels are through auction. So where I think we won't be able to 
participate because of the size of the land to be acquired or the amount of 
money required. So are there opportunities to grab smaller land parcels or 
what kind of land goes into auction and what is available from small type 
land process.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
So I'll explain what is about Navi Mumbai and MMR region, Navi Mumbai 
per se development plan, which of 1981 which is called CIDCO Limited, 
where CIDCO Limited is the owner of the total land and where in small 
tender plots or auction plots come into market, which are not big in size. 
They range from 1,500 square meter to hardly a 2 acre or less than a 2 acre. 
The company is does not have one single project in this lands from CIDCO 
and just adjourning region, which is all free hold land, which is called 
Panvel Municipal Corporation and Panvel etc. which are not under the 
preview of CIDCO is where the operations of the company are. Where 
larger pieces of land extendable from 5 acres to 100 acres are available and 

which can easily be acquired also, there are multiple choices. And as I 
narrated earlier that there are many projects which have an alpha of 3X - 
4X also blended out with up ticket size, as well as affordable housing. There 
are ample of opportunities available across in the region of MMR region, 
and the company already is into Badlapur and Kalyan region, which are 
also big markets. So when we compare, how affordable housing? we can 
tell that Vasai Virar is a one zone, Kalyan and Dombivali is one zone and 
Panvel on other side is three zones. Company already has present in two 
zones big way.   
Ronald Siyoni: 
Okay. And in absence of fundraising going through, what are we looking at 
like. There will be more of JD and JV agreements instead of buying out 
because you said that you want to maintain it or possibly reduced by some 
extent. So if fundraising plan doesn't go through then whether you would 
be more inclined towards this joint development agreements.   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Maximum would be turned out towards joint development agreement and 
few already are already acquired and yet to start off and with the internal 
cash flows in hand and a different strategy of selling it at double the 
velocity or higher the velocity from today, can enable us to generate cash 
across on month-on-month basis where these type of projects can be 
acquired. Though there is a great interest being showed by the leading 
institutions for the fundraising, which would take the complete to the next 
levels with all such actions happening. We hope the outcome to be on the 
positive, in the very nearest feature, and this will help the company to grow 
rapidly.   
Ronald Siyoni: 
Great, Sir. Great. And about any guidance with respect, you know, sales for 
FY ‘22 and ‘23, which you are targeting to get?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
As told by Parth, we have already achieved the figures of the last quarter 
also, and whatever prospects were given from the pre-sale guidelines. We 
have been surpassing that, and that has made a good position of the 
company as well as the confidence of each and every employee in the 
company. And everybody's in a very energetic mood. We hope that results 
would be far more better on quarter-to-quarter.   
Ronald Siyoni: 
And what in terms of area, what kind of area you are looking at to launch 
during Q4 and FY ’23.   
  
Ashok Chhajer: 
Around 15 lakhs would be launched in Q4 and around another 15 lakhs to 
20 lakhs in Q1 of the next financial year. Which are already lined up for 
closing up approvals from the authorities. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Okay. Right. And last question for my side is that are you seeing a cost of 
materials rising. So is it covered actually by all the price hikes taken by the 
company since April or is there anything left to be covered or the margins 
may be under pressure going ahead because of that?   

Ashok Chhajer: 
We covered up the inflation in the construction cost way back on Q1 of this 
financial year. And that is why we see that the margins on previous year to 
this year has increased. So we factored out very well in advance and going 
further it doesn't seem the industry is not looking and it doesn't seem that 
there would be further big rises in material cost. It has already taken up the 
new benchmark position.   
Ronald Siyoni: 
Okay sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much and best of luck.  
Ashok Chhajer: 
Thank you.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishikesh Ojha from 
RoboCapital, please go ahead.  
Rishikesh Ojha:  
Hi, sir. So my First question is how much collections amount is yet to be 
received?   
Abhishek Shukla: 
From the sold units.   
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Yeah. Like previously or whatever that you have sold till date. So out of that, 
how much collection is yet to be received?   
Abhishek Shukla:  
From the amount sold till day, we are yet to receive about INR 415 crore.   
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Okay. And so for the ongoing projects and whatever forthcoming projects 
that you mentioned in the PPT. What would be the estimated sales amount 
and the estimated sales velocity for that?   
Abhishek Shukla:  
So estimated sales amount which is of course based on the current prices 
that we are seeing into our projects, the total value of the goods would be 
about INR 7,000 odds crores. And against that the cost to complete would 
be about INR 4,200 crore. So overall, the operating cash flows will be in the 
range of INR 2,700 crore to INR 2,800 crore. This projects are expected 
over next six to seven year timeline.   
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Okay. Six to seven years.  
Abhishek Shukla:  
Yes.  
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Okay. And the INR 7,000 crore that you said this is including ongoing end 
forthcoming, right?   
Abhishek Shukla:  
Yes. It is including ongoing and forthcoming. 
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Could you provide a breakup of that?   
Abhishek Shukla:  
Yes. So about INR 4,800 crore would be from forthcoming and balance 
would be from ongoing, which is about INR 2,100 crore.  
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Okay. And my last question, sir if you could indicate what kind of bit 
EBITDA margins are we going to maintain then?   

Abhishek Shukla:  
So EBITDA margins currently are slowly inching up, as you would see from 
FY ‘21 to FY ‘22 the margins are, has a risen by about 1.5% to 2% from 
18.5% to 20.8% now. So we expect the margins to slowly inch forward as 
the market prices the new environment. As I said in my opening remarks 
the demand is quite high and the launches are still modest in nature. So the 
general market is expected to do a price rise of anywhere between 7% to 
8% and depending upon how the market behaves there would be a margin 
expansion at EBITDA levels.   
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Okay. No problem. Got it, thank you very much.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from 
Arihant Capital Markets Ltd. Please go ahead.   
Balasubramanian: 
Yeah. Good afternoon, sir. Sir. I want to understand MMR residential 
market. The unsold inventory is more than 3,000 million square, and this 
market last four years, like what kind of competitions you are seeing in this 
market? Inventory is not much reduced in this market. The supply is 
continuously going up meeting on the same. How do you see the 
competition in going further?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
The demand to the supply still is on a higher side. And when we talk about 
the total inventory number, which are there on the course, it takes care. It 
speaks about the total size of the projects by different developers, but the 
phases of developers and development, which is undertaken are to an 
extent of average of 25% of the total projects in hand. So if somebody has 
a 10 buildings, he doesn't start building at a time. You would start up at two 
or three building. So the numbers of the total projects in hand and projects 
on the shelf for sale and construction is 25% to the total numbers, which 
we see on a data which is available for the MMR region and seeing 
competition, we today also have increased our market share on year-on-
year basis. So the market is being developed most, but consolidation has 
led to leading developers taking up better positions. So we see less 
competition in the coming years.   
Balasubramanian: 
Thank you, sir. And I want to understand that in land cost like how much 
share accounts were in each project.  Generally, it is 32%, 35% kind of 
range or?  
Ashok Chhajer: 
No, with Arihant and it's projects, which are below INR 1 crore, which we 
call as 90% or 92% of the project, which is affordable housing. And MIG A 
and MIG B housing, the land cost goes to 15% of the total sales price. So our 
projects or the projects in this region by any developer, the land cost is 
generally 15% of the total sale price.   
Balasubramanian: 
Yeah. Thank you, sir. Sir in central and Western suburb or like, this region 
accounted for 40% sharing in MMR market. How do you see further 
penetrations in this markets?   
Ashok Chhajer: 
Come again? I didn't get you   

Balasubramanian: 
Central and Western suburb region account for 40% share sale in MMR 
region how is Arihant is going to penetrate and going forward   
Ashok Chhajer: 
In terms of value wise? Yes. The Mumbai market happens to take up the 
bigger pie, but in of square footage is the complete MMR only. And if my 
guess numbers are right, the square footage wise MMR contributes to 
almost 70% of the total square footages compared to 30% in the Mumbai 
and Mumbai Suburban region.   
Balasubramanian: 
Yeah. Thank you, sir.   
 
  
Moderator:  
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Kapil Yadav for closing comments.  
Kapil Yadav: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you all the part for taking our 
time for this call.  
Ashok Chhajer: 
Thank you everybody.  
Kapil Yadav: 
Thank you, sir thank you very much.  
Moderator:  
Thanks very much. On behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Pvt. Ltd. that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
 
*** 
 
 

 
For further information, please contact:  
 
 
 
 
 
Abhishek Shukla 
Chief Strategy Officer 
Abhishek.shukla@asl.net.in 
M: +91 96191 95775 
Ashok Negi / Bijay Sharma 
Churchgate Partners 
asl@churchgatepartners.com  
Tel:  +91 22 6169 5988 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DISCLAIMER: 
 
Certain statements that may be made or discussed at the conference call may be forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like significant changes in economic environment in India and 
abroad. Actual results might differ substantially from those expressed or implied. Arihant Superstructures Limited and its 
Management will not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on such statements and discussions. ASL also 
undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
 
