February 02, 2022 
National Stock Exchange of India 
limited 
Exchange Plaza 
BandraKurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400 050 
Ph No: 2659 8452 
Fax No: 2659 8237/38 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Scrip Code: SNOWMAN 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
c3 
SNOWMAN® 
-
... 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phirozeleejeebhoy Towers 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Ph No: 22727 1233/34 
Fax: 2272 1072/ 2037/2061/ 41 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Scrip Code: 538635 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call pertaining to Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2021 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Conference Call held on Thursday, January 27, 2022, in 
respect of the Unaudited Financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
Kindly take the information on record. 
For Snowman Logistics Limited 
~-:!:-
A.M. Sundar 
Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As stated above 
Corporate office 
Snowman logistics ltd. 
No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
, Karnataka 
CIN: L15122MH1993PLC285633 T (080) 67693700 
Regd. Office: Plot No. M-8, Taloja Industrial Area, MIDC, Raigad, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra -410206 
CIN: L15122MH1993PLC285633 T +9122 39272004 E info@snowman.in W www.snowman.in 

 
 
 
 
Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
(BSE: 538635 | NSE: SNOWMAN) 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
January 27, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta 
Chairman 
Ishaan Gupta 
Director 
Samvid Gupta 
Director 
Sunil Nair 
Chief Executive Officer and Whole-
time Director  
A. M. Sundar 
Chief Financial Officer and 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the company by the reader. This 
document may contain statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of 
strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to Snowman Logistics Limited (“Snowman Logistics” or the Company) future business developments and 
economic performance. While these forward looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, 
a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These 
factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest 
rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and 
other key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. We undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward looking statements to 
reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
2 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Snowman Logistics Earnings Conference Call hosted by 
ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijit Mitra from ICICI 
Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Thanks operator and, good evening to all the participants. We have today from Snowman Logistics, Mr. 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta, Chairman, Mr. Ishaan Gupta, Director, Mr. Samvid Gupta, Director, Mr. Sunil 
Nair, CEO and Whole Time Director and Mr. A M Sundar, CFO and Company Secretary with us today to 
discuss Q3 FY2022 results of the company. So without further ado I will hand it over to Mr. Prem Kishan 
Dass Gupta, Chairman for his opening remarks. Over to you Mr. Gupta. 
Prem Kishan: 
Thank you. Very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Hope you are all keeping well and staying safe. I 
take the pleasure of welcoming you all to the Q3 FY2022 earnings conference call of Snowman Logistics. 
All of you are aware Snowman is a group company of Gateway Distriparks, and we are proud to say that 
Snowman is a leading end-to-end logistics service provider in India. We are offering integrated temperature-
controlled solutions to various industry segments. We have the largest network and capacity in the industry, 
and we specialize in providing warehousing distribution and other value-added services across India. 
Through our international standard warehousing facility and through deep integration of technology, we are 
able to ensure the product quality and temperature integrity of critical products. Our focus is to expand our 
capacity by 10% to 15% every year and in addition focus on dedicated warehouses for e-commerce and 
pharma vertical which is known by the name of SnowServe. I hope you all had the chance to look at the 
financial statements and earnings presentation uploaded on the exchanges and our website. We will now 
open the floor for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. We have 
the first question from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital Single Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Good afternoon to the management, this is Nitin Shakdher from the Green Capital Single Family Office. I 
have one question so in terms of sectors where do you think the demand is coming from for Snowman 
Logistics in terms of which sectors are showing a lot more logistical demand where you are anyway present, 
so can you just highlight how the movement is going on, on different sectors and where the logistical demand 
is coming for Snowman Logistics at least for the next two or three quarters what is looking interesting? 
Ishaan Gupta: 
It is a very interesting question that you have asked because in these last couple of years, especially during 
COVID, a lot has changed and our sectoral volumes have changed and it is quite interesting to see the 
trend. So on a broader level, I can let you know that pharma and e-commerce, as we have mentioned in our 
recent communications, have been growth drivers for us, but I will just pass the mic over to Sunil and he will 
give you some more details on percentages and how we see the trends change. 
Sunil Nair: 
Thanks Ishaan. If we go by the segment the major segment that has shown growth as compared to last year 
is QSR and ready to cook food products which has grown by 52%, but this is also because last year the 
QSR were affected badly due to lockdown, but still we see a good traction there. So QSR e-commerce and 
healthcare are the three major segments which are showing promising growth volume as of now. 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
3 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Any other new sectors from your perspective you would like to have a strategy on and enter into like you 
mentioned QSR, healthcare and pharma I would assume that pharma was a lot more to do with I would say 
vaccine logistics and so is there any other sector that you think that the cold chain process can get into and 
benefit from from a company in terms of a slightly higher growth rate than what has been shown in the past? 
Sunil Nair: 
When we say pharma it is not totally dependent on the vaccine, vaccine still contributes very small amounts 
when it comes to our pharma revenue, we have been into pharma for four years much before COVID and 
we are talking about non-COVID vaccine business when we talk about the healthcare and pharma. Our 
strategy is fully built around these three segments which is QSR, healthcare and e-commerce. Our 
investments are also directed towards sales. The fourth thing where we see an opportunity for us as an 
organization is the transportation segment, wherein we had created a technology platform where we are 
aggregating the market capacity and using that for our existing set of customers. We find that in that 
business we have grown around 75% on a YTD basis if we compare with the last year. We have 110 
transport partners who are onboarded on our SnowLink platform and on an average 150 trucks are used on 
a daily basis through that, so these are the four areas where we are focusing in the near future. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Okay thank you Sunil, that is all from mine and all the best for the next quarter. 
Ishaan Gupta: 
It is not directly addressing your question but I would also like to highlight that some of our other segments 
where we are not seeing as much of a year-on-year growth, but which are still pillars of our industry and 
which give us significant volumes, includes the seafood export industry and we see rising exports out there 
from India to the western part of the world. Especially from the East Coast, most of our facilities target that 
segment and in addition there is Dairy and Confectionery, which includes things like ice creams, all milk 
products and chocolates, and high value products in those segments. So those are also catered by us and 
the interesting thing is that traditionally when we had taken over as Gateway group, when we had taken 
over the majority in Snowman, at that time we had limited capacity and we had to sort of vie for business on 
a regional basis, but now going ahead there are large brands. Both existing ones and new brands who want 
to enter India from the international market or new brands within India itself, who are emerging and they 
want a platform where they can address a certain network or together have access to different markets 
within India and currently Snowman is the only platform which allows them to do so because we are not a 
pure warehousing and transportation service provider. We provide end-to-end management for their supply 
chain so that if there is a person who wants to focus on manufacturing or it is a new brand entrant they can 
focus on their core business and they can leave the distribution part to us and we will not only give them 
warehousing and transportation we will advise them on the whole supply chain, so that kind of traction is 
coming in now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. The next question is from the line of Vikram Vilas Suryavanshi from Phillipcapital India Pvt. 
Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Sir regarding our growth we have seen a strong recovery coming back in our transportation side of the 
business. What kind of growth we can look in the warehousing side of business and are we seeing a pricing 
improvement in our cold chain per pallet pricing basically? 
Sunil Nair: 
Vikram yes we have almost 35%-36% of growth in terms of transportation revenue and around 11% growth 
in warehousing revenue, it is important to understand here that the two facilities, which were planned for 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
4 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
commissioning this year had delayed a little bit due to COVID where man and material shortages were there. 
The Siliguri is up and running now it was commissioned in October and Coimbatore also is ready on 
February 1, 2022 that will also be operational. So these two facilities and one Amazon facility in Pune are 
going to give us the full year remaining next year so this should help us clock a reasonably respectable 
growth in the next year as well when it comes to warehousing. As far as transportation is concerned this 
SnowLink platform will continue to contribute more or less at the similar rate so we believe that the run rate 
will be maintained as we move forward. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Do we have like a broad mix if you can share with our pallet capacity between frozen, chiller or ambient kind 
or what is the maximum, basically the type of products we are using? 
Sunil Nair: 
So we have total 113,500 pallet positions now and with Coimbatore adding up in the next three-four days 
time it will be 118000 pallet position, almost 75% of it is frozen but when we say frozen they are convertible 
to chiller also, we can set any temperature we want between -25 and +25 and around 5% to 7% are the 
ones which are typically chilled cannot be converted into frozen and around 15% to 18% capacity is dry, 
that is the ratio that we have. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Okay and normally how much are a higher realizations in frozen or chiller compared to dry per pallet per 
month? 
Sunil Nair: 
So frozen gives us highest yield and hence our focus always is to get a frozen customer. So when we talk 
about QSR and RTC or we talk about dairy and ice cream they are all major frozen users so our focus is 
always there. So frozen typically would give us a yield of anywhere around Rs.1,700 to Rs.1,800 per pallet 
whereas chilled will give us an average of Rs.1200 to Rs.1300 per pallet per month and dry will give us 
around Rs.700 per pallet per month that is the typical yield that we have. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Have you seen some improvement in yield are more or less stable and growth will mainly come from pallet 
addition? 
Sunil Nair: 
So last year we could not command much price increase from the customers but in last six months as the 
things have started improving all pending agreement renewals were done so today when we compare our 
average selling price from last financial year we are around 4.5 to 5% higher than the last year. So this is 
basically because of the mix that we have changed slightly. We focused on high yield products and as well 
as the price revisions that we have got from the customers so you can say 4.5% to 5% increase in pricing. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: What kind of sustainable EBITDA margin one can see in this warehousing side of a business? 
Sunil Nair: 
It depends on a lot of factors like whether the land is owned or leased, etc., but if the land is owned then we 
expect around 45% of EBITDA in that unit. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Last question from me just to understand more about the kind of work we are doing for Amazon it will be 
better if you can give one example exactly what is our scope of actually activities with Amazon with example 
or something, Just to understand more about that part of a business? 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
5 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
Sunil Nair: 
So see we do everything that is between the manufacturer and the home. So what we do is we bring in stuff 
to our processing center for example we bring a lot of vegetables from the farm lands near Pune. We bring 
it to our facility, sort grade and pack them, we make bundles and packets for home delivery purpose and 
they are labeled and then they are delivered to Amazon hubs within the city and from there Amazon delivers 
it at home. So bringing in the stuff, sorting, grading, labeling, packing and then having it delivered to hub is 
what we do for Amazon. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Okay and are we allowed to other vendors work also in the same facility or the facilities owned by us and 
basically Amazon has taken some space within it or is it like a multi-user facility or how is it? 
Sunil Nair: 
As of now it is not a multi-user facility, it is a dedicated facility but we are in talks with Amazon wherever 
possible whether we can have the services offered to other customers. As of now there is no exclusivity we 
can offer to other customers from other facilities which we have already started but from the same facility 
since the facilities are designed to meet their volume expectations, as of now they are exclusive for them. 
Vikram V Suryavanshi: Got it. That was very helpful Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prateek Kumar from Antique Stock Broking. Kindly 
proceed. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My first question is on your expansion plans a few months back we had laid out a certain expansion plans 
led by parts fundraiser so is there any update on that? 
Ishaan Gupta: 
Thanks for joining the call. To answer this question, we are expanding our capacities and we are planning 
roughly 10% or 15% per year and for this next financial year our requirement will be roughly between 100 
and 125 Crores. Now it so happens that our cash flows have improved greatly over this last year, in the next 
few quarters also the cash flows will be having a good impact on our internal accruals, so we can cater to 
this phase of expansion within our internal accruals as well as debt. Our immediate plan which Sunil has 
already mentioned - Siliguri is running, Coimbatore is starting on February 1, 2022 and these were delayed 
because of COVID, because of lack of labor and building material and so on but those projects are basically 
completed and our next project we have already acquired the land in Kolkata and we will be expanding by 
9,000 pallets over there in two phases of 4,500 each. Apart from that we are looking at some other locations 
which are new cities roughly three locations we are planning, maybe the number of locations might change, 
but in terms of number of pallets it will be around 3,000 pallets each on top of Kolkata. Apart from that we 
are also looking at some new models which you have seen in the last couple of years which we have done 
which we call the SnowServe vertical. So like we have Amazon now we have another e-commerce customer 
on board, and we are getting a lot of interest from pharma, so internally we have developed a new pharma 
vertical with a new pharma head and we are looking at catering to dedicated pharma facility. The advantage 
here is not only from the demand side but from an investment or a capex side also when we cater to a 
specific product we do not need to make a facility which needs to be multi temperature between minus 25 
and plus 25 and have multiple chambers. Since it will be specific to two, three products or similar products 
a pharma company might want to have, so the amount of capex required will be lesser and it would be 
dedicated for much longer period because typically anyway in pharma industry the agreements which we 
have are longer term three to five years and if we are having dedicated facility, it could even be longer, so 
that is our general expansion plan. 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
6 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
Prateek Kumar: 
118,000 will move to what number by end of FY2023? 
Ishaan Gupta: 
We will be adding roughly 15,000 pallets, but I will leave it open ended that it could be plus minus a little bit 
depending on how much dedicated warehousing we go for. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My next question is on regarding facilities like Amazon or some other customers where you are getting now 
dedicated customer led facilities. I remember maybe 5, 7 years back when our pallet capacity size was 
smaller we used to build dedicated facilities and used to get full like sort of immediately and then we used 
to build another facility, then another facility, then after sometime the growth of capacity became faster than 
growth and demand, but now when we are building customer led facilities so do they fill your warehouse 
immediately like in first quarter of operation or that is also like a staggered filling up of your warehouse? 
Ishaan Gupta: 
The difference between what we used to do earlier and what we do now, I will ask Sunil to give some more 
details, is basically that we do not have the risk of occupancy anymore, so in these dedicated warehouse 
we give the full facility to the customer whether it is Amazon or someone else and how they utilize it whether 
they keep it empty or whether they fully utilize it is up to them, but having said that there are advantages, 
the more utilization there is the more handling we earn and some other value added services. So in the case 
of some of the initial ones which we did it was a joint exploration of this model between us and Amazon and 
we both had some learnings and they took the capex actually as a part of the agreement and spread it over 
the agreement period, and in some other places we have done some different models but our capex is 
recovered within two to three years in these models, but I will ask Sunil to give you some more details on 
this. 
Sunil Nair: 
So as I mentioned earlier in case of Amazon the facility is dedicated because it is designed and made as 
per the requirements of the customer and here the utilization risk is with them. So all the fixed cost of 
warehouse investments, fixed set of people and everything is assured month-on-month from the customer, 
only the variable cost depends on the throughput that we make from the facility, so there is no utilization risk 
with us there. The utilization risk comes in the snow preserved facilities which we built for the multiple set of 
customers and wait for the utilization purpose, but now the story is little different from what used to happen 
five years back versus today is we have enough data and information about each customer. We have 700 
odd customers enlisted with us and we always very closely work with top 50 and we understand their 
strategy and then we decide where to put up a facility where 70% - 80% utilization is assured by our existing 
set of customers. So earlier it was more of a discovery, today it is more of the data and communication and 
information based decision. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Understood and just one last question, can you just also like highlight on competitive landscapes or has 
there been interest from start up space on this segment whether it has been transportation on warehousing 
for cold chain segment or we are just still like the old players which are like sort of driving the business? 
Ishaan Gupta: 
So Prateek the most interest that we have seen in the startup space has been on the transportation side. 
You know some of the companies which are into both Reefer and Dry Transportation which are big names 
in the startup space, but over time what has emerged that they have been very high user base and revenue 
but you know very high losses as well, so we do not subscribe to that philosophy and we want to build 
volumes only if they are profitable, so in that sense we have not come across any startup space for us to 
work together as of now. Having said that there is one partnership which we have done with World Bank 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
7 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
and IFC and the UK government under the programme called TechEmerge, so this programme invites 
innovators in the field of cold storage or cold reefer transportation anything related to our industry wherein 
we can cover couple of issues. One is that how we can integrate technology to lower our cost and bring 
value to the customer and more importantly how we can improve our carbon footprint and sustainability in 
this industry in the future, so in that regard there are many startups which we are doing trials and test with 
and initial conversations with, you know some easy targets are things like solar power or using cooling 
solutions which reduce our impact, but then there are some more interesting solution as well and once our 
trials are successful and we start working with some of them then we will let you all know about that. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Even the listed players like TCI, TCI Express they also now talking about doing much in this business finding 
a very good opportunity so even the bigger players are also looking at this segment now closely? 
Ishaan Gupta: 
One of the projects which we have spoken about before has become quite successful for us internally. We 
have launched a tech platform called SnowLink and what we are doing is that a lot of the customers, see 
we have always wanted to focus on warehousing but a lot of our customers want an end-to-end solution 
which includes transportation and where we find value instead of owning our own fleet and handling that 
business on our own is to provide this platform for aggregation and we be the frontend for the customers 
but at the backend there is vendor who is using our platform and providing the first line and the first line, so 
in this case I will just hand over to Sunil, he can give you a little bit more detail about SnowLink, what kind 
of run rate they are having and how the vendor participation has been and how we see it going forward. 
Sunil Nair: 
As I mentioned earlier in case of SnowLink what we are doing is our existing set of customer fees in 
transportation services. When we did an analysis one-and-a-half years back we realized that we are only 
catering to that 10% of requirement and hence they have to go out and look for transportation support, so 
now with this we are on boarding the small transport operators and we are making them part of the complete 
end-to-end game that we have. Today we have 110 vendor partners who are onboarded to SnowLink 
platform and on an average, we use around 150 trucks daily through this platform so this is the number. You 
are right when it comes to the attraction in industry yes lot of attraction there, lot of large operators are also 
looking at this industry because there is a lot of positivity around the volumes are growing and hence 
everyone wants to look into it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abhijit Mitra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Yes thanks for taking my question. So I have two questions. I can see that the ramp up in e-commerce is 
really commendable almost within a span of seven, eight quarters we have reached quarterly revenue run 
rate of almost 4 Crores per quarter, just to sort of understand what could be the total addressable market 
here your estimate, what would be your current market share, who would be your key competitor, so if you 
can give some details on the way forward and in your understanding how profitable this segment is, so some 
thoughts on that? 
Sunil Nair: 
Abhijit as far as the addressable market is concerned, we know it is quite big but we have not quantified it 
so far we have not done any research on that whether we have any ready research material. What I want 
to tell you here is all the e-commerce companies particularly the Flipkart and Amazons of the world are now 
getting into it, so while they have setup all other general merchandise part of the business well, this is one 
area where we found that some expertise is required in handling food and that is when they partnered with 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
8 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
us, so with Mumbai and Delhi we setup now Pune is functional, Ahmedabad is under construction. We have 
another e-com company for whom we are doing in Bengaluru. For Amazon we are also doing from our own 
facility which is not a dedicated facility, in Hyderabad and Bengaluru, so this is not something where we find 
the competition. We find that the customer is expanding and they want an expertise to come up and help 
them up in this whole expansion phase. I think this is just the beginning, so the size of the market is not 
clear to us but yes the growth that we are showing here is also to some extent limited because of the 
bandwidth that the customers have in terms of opening centers in multiple locations. We have our project 
team which can open four to five such vendors every year, but there are lot of IT related stuff that the 
customer also has to take care of so there they have some bandwidth limitations and we are opening two 
to three facilities a year. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Even if they are starting out, I think the market that we can see from your topline around 15 Crores per 
annum it looks too small so there has to be some other entities who are addressing it right now or they are 
doing it on capacity basis or a combination of both, so in case you can offer some clarity on that and my 
second question is that most of your segments have grown pretty commendably barring meat, seafood and 
poultry, so is it a conscious decision to move away from the market or is it something of a market trend? 
Sunil Nair: 
So for your first question, yes you are right. There are lot of companies which are doing on their own whether 
you talk about the Grofers or Big Basket they manage their own backend and we find that our customers 
are those who want to do it little differently and hence we are tied up with Amazon and for Amazon it is just 
a beginning, they have just setup these four, five facilities and we believe that everywhere they go we are 
going to partner with them, so it all depends on their strategy as of now and that is the reason I avoided 
quantifying the business size here. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
On meat, seafood, and poultry. 
Sunil Nair: 
The seafood and poultry are still doing good. When it comes to meat there has been a lot of restrictions in 
the country for the meat processing as well as for exports and hence it was coming down around three to 
four years back and we also realized that this is not an industry, which we need to focus on because of the 
uncertainties that we have, so we kept reducing our exposure on meat and hence we tried replacing those 
capacities with more consistent volume of QSR and the ice cream and helps you with growth in those 
segments whereas the meat volume has come down a lot. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
My last question is that you have given a capacity heat map across state, cities, and you have also 
mentioned that you have plans for new Kolkata facility with 9000 pallets in two phases being planned I think 
that is the facility which is coming after Coimbatore, so in terms of your capacity heat map if you can also 
point out the key thought process that you have, which are the regions that you are targeting and which are 
the segments which you are sort of seeing growth in those regions to sort of attribute capital to them? 
Sunil Nair: 
So, after Kolkata we will be setting up a pharma warehouse in Bengaluru. We are already setting up a e-
com warehouse in Ahmedabad and then we are planning to have two more facilities, we have not decided 
on the locations we are just doing existing customer study with respect to where do they want to expand 
with their reach and then we will be finalizing the location. 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
9 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Do you maintain your previous targets of doubling the pallet capacities in five, six years time is that target 
on? 
Sunil Nair: 
Yes that target is on that is why we are saying 15000 to 20000 pallets every year we will be expanding. 
Samvid Gupta: 
I just want to add that apart from the normal organic expansion we will be also looking at BTS model and 
lease model so we are on track for getting 200,000 pallets as soon as possible. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
All the best. That is all from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prathibha Doraiswamy, an individual investor. Kindly 
proceed. 
Prathibha Doraiswamy: Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions, one was regarding the warehouse 
side we have been reading a lot about dark stores coming up in different parts of the world just wanted to 
get your thoughts if any of the retailers have approached Snowman Logistics regarding this or what kind of 
change or demand that you see is this having on the business that is my first question? 
Moderator: 
Ms. Prathibha can we have your second question also please and then we will answer them together. 
Prathibha Doraiswamy: My second question was regarding SnowLink. I think it is really nice how you explained the SnowLink 
platform. I think the transportation segment has also been doing well last few quarters it has been doing 
really well just wanted to understand when do you see it turning positive? 
Sunil Nair: 
So when it comes to dark store they are the last mile fulfillment centers and what we do for Amazon today 
is the same thing, only the dark store is maintained by them but complete backend to that dark store is what 
we maintain, so we have couple of more enquiries coming up to do the same thing so that phase is 
interesting, but we being bulk operators dark stores as good as last mile of bigger super market management 
kind of activity where the customer is not walking in, so what we are doing is we are becoming a backend 
to that facility. So Amazon has eight such food dark stores or fulfillment centers or hubs they call it within 
the Mumbai city and we supply to those stores from our New Mumbai last fulfillment center. Did I answer 
your first question completely? 
Prathibha Doraiswamy: Yes you did. So you do see some kind of demand coming from this is my understanding right? 
Sunil Nair: 
Yes very much. This means a little bit of consolidation and value add before it reaches the dark store and 
that is where we come in and play that role of consolidating and the value add activities of sorting, grading, 
packing, labeling everything. SnowLink on its own is profitable as of now. SnowLink is profitable but overall 
transportation is not profitable for us because there are trucks which are owned and operated by us and we 
see some inefficiency there and that is the reason we decided we will not invest too much on the 
transportation side rather we will use our partners who we find more efficient when it comes to managing 
the driver or maintenance of the vehicles or fuel efficiency and all and we decided we will focus more on the 
customer end and operation side, so we run those vehicles, we utilize those vehicles and we serve customer, 
give them visibility on temperature and everything. So that is how SnowLink comes in and we operate at a 
reasonably good gross margin there, so SnowLink on its own is profitable right from the first day. 

Snowman Logistics Ltd. 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2022 
 
 
 
10 | Snowman Logistics Ltd., Corporate office: No. 54, Old Madras Road, Virgo Nagar, Bangalore, India - 560 049 
Prathibha Doraiswamy: Okay so do you feel the SnowLink platform is something only normal logistics will use or do you see it in 
future as something that you will make it as a service for other providers to use at well any thoughts on that? 
Sunil Nair: 
As of now it will remain a Snowman product because as I said in one of the earlier questions, we only serve 
10% of our demands. When I say our demand Snowman demand from Snowman customers so we would 
like to take it to 40%, 50% first and then see whether there is a merit in sharing this application with others. 
Prathibha Doraiswamy: Okay so for the transportation segment to turn profitable what would that take I am not clear on that? 
Sunil Nair: 
The transportation with more of SnowLink business is coming in overheads are being optimized and with 
our existing trucks that we have we have put in some controls there. Mostly what was happening was the 
fuel price increase was not being passed on to customers because of the agreement related issues and with 
last two, three years COVID related issues, but now we have very clear agreement term with the customers 
and hence almost 75%, 80% of the customers feel the fuel price increase will be passed onto them, so once 
we do these two, three things and SnowLink revenue goes up and optimizes our overhead the transportation 
should get more profitable. 
Prathibha Doraiswamy: That really clarifies. Thank you so much Sir and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Yes Sir. Do you have any comments? 
Prem Kishan: 
I would like to thank all of you for participation and insightful questions. We will now be closing this call. If 
you would like to know more details you are welcome to get in touch with our management and Churchgate 
Partners, who are handling our investor relations. Thank you Abhijit for organizing the interaction. Operator 
you may close the call now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
For further information, please contact: 
 
 
             
 
 
Regd. Office: Plot No. M-8, Taloja Industrial Area, MIDC, Raigad, Navi Mumbai Mumbai Raigarh MH 410206, India 
         Web:  www.snowman.in  
 
A M Sundar 
Snowman Logistics 
investorrelations@snowman.in 
+91 80 6769 3700 
 
Anvita Raghuram / Bijay Sharma 
Churchgate Partners 
snowman@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
