 
18th February 2022 
 
To 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C‐1 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G Block, Bandra‐Kurla Complex, Bandra(E)
Mumbai – 400001 
Mumbai ‐400051 
Scrip Code: 543317 
Symbol: GRINFRA 
 
Sub:     Transcript of an earnings conference call on results for the quarter/nine months ended   
December 2021. 
 
Dear Sir, 
ln terms of the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  we  are  enclosing  herewith  the  transcript  of  an 
earnings conference call on results for the quarter/nine months ended December 2021 held on 
Monday, 14th February 2022. 
You are requested to take this information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For G R Infraprojects Limited 
 
Sudhir Mutha 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No. ACS18857 
 
Enclosed: As above. 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“G R Infraprojects Limited Q3 FY22 Post Results 
Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJENDRA KUMAR AGARWAL- MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, G R INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
MR. ANAND RATHI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, G R INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED  
MODERATOR:  
MR. RAHUL MODI - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY22 Post results conference call of G 
R Infraprojects Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Modi. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Rahul Modi: 
Thank you Seema. Good afternoon, everybody. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome to 
the Q3 FY22 results conference call of G R Infraprojects Limited. We would like to thank the 
management for giving ICICI Securities the opportunity to host this call. We have with us, from 
the management, Mr. Ajendra Kumar Agarwal- Managing Director, Mr. Anand Rathi – Group 
Chief Financial Officer and the investor relations team of G R Infraprojects Limited. I would 
like to hand over the call to the management for their remarks, post which we can have a Q&A 
session, thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: Thank you Mr. Rahul. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to you all. I extend a hearty 
welcome to everyone present on this call to discuss the financial results of the company for the 
quarter ended 31st December 2021. I have with me Mr. Anand Rathi, our company CFO. 
Before discussing the budget presented by the Honorable Finance Minister along with the 
company’s performance for Q3 2022, I would be happy to share few important points with you 
all. Once again, the government has proposed a Capex oriented budget and, in the budget, Capex 
has been increased from 16% to approximately 19%. The capital expenditure has been increased 
by 35.4% to approximately Rs. 7.5 lakh crore as compared to the last year. States have also been 
allocated Rs. 1 lakh crore by the government for capital investment which shows the 
government’s commitment for the country’s infra development. Roads, Railways, ports, 
Airports, Mass transport, Waterways and Logistic Infrastructure are the extremely important 
components for the implementation of the PM’s Gati Shakti Program. Date has to be exchanged 
through Unified Logistic Interface Platform between all the mode operators so that efficient 
movement of goods is assured, the logistic cost is reduced, tedious documentation procedure is 
stopped and this style of information should be available. In this budget, there is also a provision 
to spend more to develop the Urban Transport system.  
I would like to update you on Union Budget 2022-2023 for the areas of Road, Railways and 
Metro. If we see in the road sector, PM Gati Shakti Master Plan will be prepared in the next 
financial year for the expressways. In 2022-2023, there is an aim of increasing approximately 
25,000 km for the country’s National State’s network, in which along with the network, the 
present road development is also included. According to MORTH, a growth of 68% can be 
expected in the budget allocation in the next financial year. In the financial year 2022-2023, 
allocation has been increased from Rs. 1.1 lakh crore to Rs. 2 lakh crore. In the main change 
made for the Highway Projects, in our main client NHAI’s funding pattern has shifted from 
borrowing by NHAI, to government funding. According to Parvatmala program, in the PPP 
model, in the financial year 2022-2023 8 roadways projects of 60 km has to be ranked. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Similarly, in the Railways sector and water sectors we can see, along with Finance Minister, 
Nirmala Sitharam and based on the Pradhan Mantri Gati Shakti Yojana, In the financial year 
2022-2023 based on the PPP model, Indian Railways has announced the development of multi 
model logistics in four locations and in the next three years 100 cargo terminals’ development. 
Financial year 2022-2023, there is an estimate of the complete capital outlay of Rs. 2.4 lakh 
crore, an increase of approximately 14% as compared to the last year. As compared to the last 
year’s budget, gross budgetary support has increased by 27.5% to Rs. 1.4 lakh crore. The Centre 
has allocated Rs. 19130 crore in the year 2022-23 for the varied metro projects in the country.   
Coming over to the company updates. The total income for Q3 FY 22 was Rs.853 crore and 
EBITDA margin was 15.6% and PAT margin was 7%. For the nine-month FY22 the total 
income was Rs. 5750 crore, compared to FY 2021 in nine months there has been a decline of 
22%. Due to this decline the EBITDA and PAT margin was 17% and 8.6% respectively. In this 
period, we have executed more EPC projects as compared to HAM and thereby you will see a 
decline in margin. In Q3 2022 we have invested Rs. 25000 crore and bid for 21 projects. In 
current financial year we have bid for 63 projects till now. In which road sector is 56, metro, 
railway and high-speed rail amount to 7 projects. The total value is approximately Rs. 66,000 
crore and we are awaiting results for 16 projects worth Rs. 16400 crore. We have also ventured 
into power transmission sector also and have started to bid there as well. In Q3 2022 we bid for 
two power projects worth Rs. 810 crore and in one project the bill was in L2 in reverse auction 
and for the other projects reverse auction is still pending. In the coming months we have total 
projects amounting to Rs. 15000-16000 crore in the pipeline, which are very attractive.  
As on 31st December 2021 our orderbook was Rs. 14598.98 crore which constitute to 30 projects 
in total. Apart from this we have L1 in two projects worth Rs.1185.16 crore for whom LOA is 
awaited. In our orderbook the mix of HAM and EPC is 67% and 28% respectively. Order book 
approximately is 88.19 crore from NHAI and our orderbook is distributed across 13 states. At 
present, we have 27 running projects in our orderbook whose total value is Rs. 11938 crore, in 
which three projects worth Rs. 2661 crore are not included because their appointed have not 
been declared yet. And we have full faith that we will be able to complete all these projects in 
stipulated time.  
In the current year we have completed 8 projects till date, in which 6 are EPC projects and 2 are 
HAM projects. In totality the entire portfolio of HAM comprises of 16 projects of which 7 are 
currently operational, 6 are under construction and 3 projects are awarded whose appointed date 
is yet to come. We are bidding to road, railways and metro sector projects continuously but we 
are not favor of aggressive bidding in this highly competitive market but we have full faith that 
with the available quality resources we have with us in these auspicious programs undertaken 
by the government for various infrastructure projects, we will be able to progress the 
development further. Thank you.  
Anand Rathi: 
Good afternoon. Let me take you all through the financial performance for the nine months 
ended December ‘2021. Our standalone revenue from operations increased by Rs. 1035 crore 
approximately with a growth of around 22% from Rs. 4416 crore in nine months ended 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
December ‘2022 to Rs. 5600 crore in nine months ended December 2021. Our consolidated 
revenue from operation also increased by Rs. 1018 crore, a growth of around 20% year on year 
from Rs. 5118 crore to Rs. 6126 crore in nine months ended December’ 2021. Our standalone 
EBITDA margin has decreased to 17% nine months ended December’ 21from 21% approx. in 
nine months ended December 2020. This decrease was primarily due to net decrease in the claim 
and bonus income recognized due to early completion of the projects, amounting to Rs. 170 
crore in current period as compared with the previous period. Our EBITDA margin at group 
level has also decreased to 20.65% in nine months ended December 2021 from Rs. 26.98 crore, 
approximately 7% in nine months ended December’ 20. This decrease was in line with the 
decrease in margin that is standalone business. Our PAT margin, December level decreased by 
7% to Rs. 495.62 core in nine months as compared to Rs. 533 crore in nine months ended 
December 2020. PAT margin at consolidated level also decreased by 20.77% to Rs. 555 crore 
as compared to Rs. 701 crore in nine months ended December 2020.  
 
Our standalone net worth has increased and reached the level of Rs. 4098 crore at the end of 
December’ 2021, it was Rs. 3600 crore at the end of fiscal 2021. Our net worth at consolidated 
is Rs. 4534 crore approximately at the end of December’ 21 which was Rs. 3980 crore odd at 
the end of fiscal 2021. Our total standalone borrowing outstanding at the end of December 2021 
is Rs. 1152.51 crore including short-term borrowing of Rs. 55.07 crore with debt-to-equity ratio 
of 0.28 times. Our total consolidated borrowing outstanding at the end of December 2021 is Rs. 
4834.58 crore including short-term borrowing of Rs. 55.07 crore with debt to equity of 1.07 
times. Mobilization advance received from the clients outstanding at the end of December’ 2021 
is around Rs. 124 crore as compared to Rs. 257 crore at the end of fiscal 2021. During the nine 
months the company has made addition to the fixed asset amounting to Rs. 236 crore 
approximately. Our net block of property plants and equipment’s including CWIP is Rs. 1382.42 
at the end of current quarter. Investment in the subsidiary companies in form of loans and 
equities is Rs. 1303 crore approximately, at the end of December 2021 it was Rs. 1255 crore at 
the end of fiscal 2021. Balance promoter equity commitment required to be made of our 
operational HAM projects is around Rs. 1326 crore of which we are expecting contribution of 
around Rs. 120 crore in Q4 of fiscal 2022 and the next year will be in the range of Rs. 500-550 
crore in the financial year 2022-2023. Our working capital days at the end of current quarter is 
78 days approximately as compared to 73 days, it is almost at the same level, at the end of fiscal 
2021. Our trade receivable at the standalone basis is around Rs. 650 crore at the end of December 
2021 as compared to Rs. 897 crore at the end of fiscal 2021. Our trade receivable at the 
consolidated levels is around Rs. 300 crore, Rs, 301 crore at the end of December 2021 as 
compared to Rs. 492 crore at the end of fiscal 2021. Our unbilled revenue at the standalone basis 
is Rs. 856 crore at the end of December’ 21 as compared to Rs. 267 crore at the end of fiscal 
’21. Our unbilled revenue at the consolidated level is Rs. 593 crore at the end of December’ 21as 
compared to Rs. 197 crore at the end of fiscal ’21. Inventory levels are at the end of December’ 
21 is around Rs. 882 crore as compared to Rs. 128 crore at the end of fiscal’ 21. Our cash and 
cash equivalents including as bank balances at the standalone basis is Rs. 422 crore at the end 
of December ’21 as compared to Rs. 542 crore at the end of fiscal’ 21. Our cash and cash 
equivalents at consolidated level is around Rs. 894 crore at the end of Dcember’21 as compared 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
to Rs. 831 crore at the end of fiscal ’21. Our orderbook at the end of quarter is around Rs. 14599 
crore, in addition we have been declared L1 in two metro projects valuing around Rs. 1185 crore. 
At the end I sincerely thank all our stakeholders, including employees, business partners, 
vendors, bankers, auditors who have supported the company in this journey. 
On behalf of G R Infraprojects Limited. I thank everybody for attending the earning call. In case 
of further query please do get in touch with our Investor relation desk. Thank you. May I request 
the coordinator to please open the platform for Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We have the first question 
from the line Parikshit Kandpal. Please go ahead.            
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My first question is on, you have said some additional cost has been incurred, so if you can just 
clarify in this quarter why was there a margin impact and what was the additional cost incurred?          
Anand Rathi: 
So, there is additional cost which we have provided for in this quarter or I would say in nine 
months also, that is related some long dated debt that means debtors which we have provided 
and some CSR expenses which otherwise we will be providing, as a practice we were providing 
in the last quarter but just to be fair on quarter on quarter results, so we have provided on 
quarterly basis, so for last three quarters where we have not provided for CSR expenses based 
on cost standings you have provided right now upfront in this quarter. So, to that extent around 
Rs. 30 crore of additional expenses we have provided for in this quarter, so to that extent our 
margin has gone down.       
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir my second question is to Mr. Ajendra you mentioned that allocation for infra has increased 
to a good extent in the budget this time, I am not able to understand one thing, you did speak 
about competitive intensity as well that competition is very high in the sector and it is hitting our 
margins at some places for winning a project, so when do you think the competitive intensity 
will become lesser and we will be able to bag projects on our margins, can you explain a little 
about this in detail?                          
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: The competitive market currently is poised in such a way that the government has eased out 
norms due to COVID now, like for bank guarantee, funding, etc. the relief measures that are in 
effect now, companies whose financial position is not much stable are there in competition now. 
As soon as these relief measures of COVID are withdrawn, definitely this position will better 
off. And secondly, in the coming time the complex projects that are there, big sized ones, 
definitely our opportunity will increase out there. Because certain companies are doing 
aggressive bidding that is not sustainable, according to us it cannot be done practically, in infra 
there is lot of competition and there are lot of challenges out there, financials are also there but 
since the government has given good amount of relief that is why the competition is quite big 
but in the coming times definitely the situation will be better and we will be able to bag good 
projects again.   

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir one question is for Mr. Anand, since you are planning to do an InvIT so in the overall scheme 
of things which we can explain how strategically important this InvIT will be and how will you 
be able to become more competitive here if you can give some more sense on how you can get 
because if the competitive intensity is very high, so how will this InvIT help you improving your 
competitiveness in the market and get better orders? If you can give some color on that.  
Anand Rathi: 
So, as part of (Inaudible) 18.46 because we do not want to hold the asset which we have 
completed right? The projects which we have completed because that return, I mean there are 
different kind of investors who can hold those assets for a long term and their expectation to 
hold on from those completed assets is quite low, compared to return which we are expecting on 
any kind of cash or equity deployment. So, what we believe that the InvIT has the strategy, we 
want to launch for the reason that probably as and when we will be building the project, we will 
be completing the project we will need not to negotiate, not to go to different investors, we will 
be able to flip it off to other InvIT vehicle and let us say that InvIT is launched and InvIT is 
getting established probably my cost of capital will be coming down and it will be actually 
helping us in and it will be actually helping us with becoming more competitive in terms of 
bidding more HAM projects or PPV projects I would say because my capital cost, if I am getting 
the capital, If I am able to flip my projects as and when completed without any much negotiation 
and without any delay, then there is a visibility which we will be having with us that once the 
project will be completed, it will be transferred, so it is going to help me reducing my capital 
cost and what I believe is that, that my cycle would be completed because we are EPC player, 
we would be, off late we have already become the developer, we have completed so many 
projects now only incomplete part which I believe is only that the investor base, the capital where 
if I can get sufficient capital to hold those asset and by doing that InvIT and by holding certain 
stake of that InvIT I will be continuing with O&M activities which is again a bread butter for us 
and we have got expertise in that O&M  piece also. And in O&M piece probably we will be 
having decent margin as well. So, I think all in all it will be helping us in a great way, it will be 
going long in terms of reducing cost of capital and then increasing the margin also because the 
O&M margin will not actually have to part with that O&M margin, which otherwise would be 
parting we would be selling to those complete projects to other investors.          
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just last question sir. You mentioned in 4Q you spend about Rs. 120 crore of equity in FY23 Rs. 
550, so balance Rs. 650 crore will be in FY 24, the total Rs. 1326 I think is pending to be 
invested? 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, so current, in Q4 we are expecting Rs. 130-125 crore kind of equity infusion and balance 
is to be infused in next two years, for next year we are targeting around Rs. 550 crore, so FY 24 
would be around Rs. 650 crore odd.   
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay just last thing once you have because of the InvIT we have to have the completed the asset, 
so you still have two more years to complete these projects and put in the equity, so do you think 
we will be in a position to launch an InvIT before the projects get completed or is it like you will 
only transfer those assets which are completed and then maybe keep adding up from there?  

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
So, actually it is an ongoing process because I will be adding more HAM projects, no, we will 
be heading for more HAM, we will be taking more HAM and probably those HAM would be 
completed after 3 years, so point is that while we will be launching InvIT in next six months or 
nine months whatever but then as and when whatever project I will bidding, I will be taking on 
my balance sheet, I will be transferring it to InvIT as and when it will be completed. So, as of 
now yes as on date we have got 6-7 HAM projects operational, so we are just evaluating what 
kind of projects or what number of projects we transfer to InvIT to establish, this is under 
evaluation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We have the next question from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead.      
Shravan Shah:      
Thank you sir. Firstly, on the EBITDA margin you mentioned that debtors, written off and CSR 
activities done in this quarter is Rs. 30 crore, so what is the breakup, how much was debtors and 
written off from it sir? 
Anand Rathi: 
Around Rs. 19 crore, Rs. 19 crore is debtors and Rs. 11 crore is disproportionate CSR which we 
have booked in this quarter. So, total Rs. 30 crore is the total amount.  
Shravan Shah:      
Secondly, sir now you just mentioned that if you could also repeat those numbers in terms of 
opportunity size, Rs. 63000 crore and Rs. 16400 crore, 16 projects yet to be open, so my question 
is that if we take into account L1 our inflow will be around Rs. 3600-3700 crore, how much 
more inflow we are expecting in this next one and a half month and how much of it will be HAM 
and also at the same time in EPC as you are saying competition is very high, so in EPC are we 
targeting anything in the next one and a half month?   
Anand Rathi: 
See in EPC no doubt the competition is big, the bidders are bidding let us say, they are taking 
projects at almost discount of 30%-35% from the NHAI price, so if we go by this kind of bidding, 
probably we do not think we will be having any EPC projects in next two or three months, by 
March I would say. So, yes I mean EPC projects are there, pipeline is there and as of now we 
are running short of almost Rs. 8000-10000 crore of orderbook. So, to that extent we will be 
targeting this number of orderbook, we will try to add by March always subject to this kind of 
bidding, pipeline as of now which is visible from NHAI website is at around Rs. 47,000 crore 
of hybrid projects is still to be bid and Rs. 25,000 crore of EPC is to be bid. Yes, we will be 
targeting Rs. 10,000 crore of the orderbook by the end of March, that would be incoming.         
Shravan Shah:      
Okay so additionally further whatever we have received another we are expecting Rs. 10,000 
odd crore, so from that are we eyeing Rs. 5000- 6000 crore of HAM, like you said in EPC there 
is lot of competition, so our focus will be more on HAM?  
Anand Rathi: 
See, I mean so far, the confidence right now we are having is that we just do not find any 
difference between HAM and EPC, so once no doubt EPC is more preferred option for us but it 
is totally game of how competition plays, if let us say we are having high competition EPC 
probably, not able to be won EPC, we just do not want to lose money by aggravating further, so 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
we are even comfortable taking the HAM of around Rs. 8000-10,000 crore 100% of HAM we 
are comfortable with it.    
Shravan Shah:      
Okay and sir can you give approximate guidance on the revenue margin, or right now for CSR 
is there something unexpected that our margins will come back to 16% + or 17%, where are we 
seeing the margins and the revenue has already clocked 22% in nine months but in this quarter 
definitely there is decline, so how are we looking at fourth quarter because last time fourth 
quarter we have done a sizeable number Rs. 2600 odd crore? 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, so this time we could not execute much of the projects reason being that the appointed date 
is being declared by NHAI with some delay right, the maximum appointed date that we have got 
by the month of December or January or February I would say, so hence there is the challenge 
that wise you could not force much of growth in two to three quarters, which is obviously I mean 
is a better quarter generally in terms of execution because the effect of rains is little less but it is 
our bad luck this time that probably appointed date could not be declared and hence you could 
not compete and now since most of the projects, particularly in HAM, so we have recently got 
that appointed date, one projects where we have got appointed date in the month of December 
some project we have got in this January and some projects recently in February, so I do not 
think in quarter 4 we will be having much of the revenues coming from these projects, so but 
yes as of now out of total orderbook around Rs. 14600 crore are operational, the projects where 
we have already received appointed date is around Rs. 12,000 crore odd, so we believe that 
unless and until we add some EPC projects because HAM projects takes time to get convert onto 
the ground, so probably the next year also the growth would be there, topline would be in the 
range of 5%-10%, unless we received the EPC which can be converted in immediately once you 
issued.    
Shravan Shah:      
Okay so sir 5%- 10% will be growth for FY23 but in this fourth quarter would we see decline or 
degrowth in the revenue and on margin also I had asked in margins when will be back to normal 
level of margins 16%+ from the fourth quarter? 
Anand Rathi: 
In fourth quarter, in terms of decline I will have to see, if you are comparing it with last year 
fourth quarter probably there will be decline, the reason being that project execution appointed 
dates have come now, around Rs. 6000-7000 crore of project’s appointed dates have come now, 
so that could be the case. As far as margins are concerned, in margin because generally our 
margins are higher, I told earlier also that my margins are higher in case I am executing more 
HAM projects if it is EPC, it will be in range of 14% only, so to that extent my margin would 
be varying, right? So, let us say if we are executing more of HAM projects m margin would be 
on increasing trend and if I will be executing more EPC, then probably the margin would be the 
same only 14% - 15% sort of range which we expect. 
Shravan Shah:      
Okay sir lastly, our appointed TAT which are three HAM projects, when are those going to come 
and when will the appointed date for the two new L1s that we are; Rs. 11,085 crore come in? 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
Out of the three projects, probably one project we expect to receive the appointed date in the 
month of March itself. 
Shravan Shah:      
And sir which project is that? 
Anand Rathi: 
It will be our Chhattisgarh’s project; it is Chhattisgarh’s HAM project Raipur – Dhanbad. 
Shravan Shah:      
Right. 
Anand Rathi: 
Bilaspur – Gurgaon and then two HAM projects which we have received now, which was of 
Punjab, we are expecting its appointed date only in the second half of the next financial year. 
And the two L1 projects that are running, one is the old project of NCRTC, which we have not 
declared L1 from a long time, about a year and one is Noida Metro where we have got L1 status 
recently but may be because of some election going on in that particular State, probably that 
award is getting delayed, otherwise, we would have you know. So therefore, Noida probably we 
believe that kind of Rs. 92 crore or Rs. 93 crore kind of net worth projects, we are expecting 
appointed date to be declared in the month of April or May as and when this election process 
gets over. 
Shravan Shah:      
Sorry Sir. When are you expecting the appointed date for these two new L1s that are there, sir? 
Anand Rathi: 
Appointed date for one project is Noida Metro, we are expecting in the month of April or May. 
once that election gets over in the State of UP. The old project of NCRTC, maybe some approval 
which is pending at their end, so we are not having that, in terms of also by what probably in the 
month of or first quarter of the next financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We have the next question from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. Two questions, your order inflow guidance for FY22 is Rs.10, 000 
crore, am I right Sir? 
Anand Rathi: 
Order inflow goes between Rs. 10, 000 crore to, I would say, Rs. 10, 000 crore, Rs. 15, 000 crore 
kind of inflow, which we were projecting on the year beginning, you know Day 1 on the year. 
Right now, because Rs. 4000 crore, Rs. 3600 crore something which we already received, so it 
is between around Rs. 10, 000 crore award we are expecting. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Overall right? 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, overall means Rs. 10, 000 crore plus Rs. 3000 crore or something, Rs. 14, 000 crore overall. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Rs. 14, 000 crore overall, understood. Given the order book and given the order inflow expected 
in the next Q4, what is your revenue guidance for FY22 and FY23? 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
Revenue guidance, I already I think, in the last question also I have given the guidance that 
probably this year because we have got the appointed date delayed. So otherwise, we could have 
achieved more growth but this year revenue growth would be in the range of 5% to 10% 
compared to previous year and for next financial year again this is the same days unless and until 
we receive some EPC projects which could be you know, executed at the earliest. I would say, 
if the execution delay is not there or appointed date delay is not there because we believe in EPC, 
generally the appointed date is declared fast. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir this quarter particularly EBITDA margin was quite less, what do you expect in FY23? Will 
you go back to 16%, at least? 
Anand Rathi: 
Our EBITDA margin with 16% or 18% is also comfortable once if we, I mean generally we are 
getting higher EBITDA in the HAM projects. If we are executing more HAM projects, we will 
be getting higher of EBITDA. If we are executing EPC, our EPC margin will be in the range of 
14%, 15% only. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood sir. Can you please discuss your experience in transmission bids which you have 
participated? How was the competition over there, is it less than roads or how is it? How do you 
find it? 
Anand Rathi: 
See in transmission, what has happened in last two, three years not much project is bidded in 
transmission. So that is why what we believe is that till now, a good level of competition exists 
in the transmission as well but going forward, means as on date, as we speak, around Rs. 15, 000 
crore to Rs. 16, 000 crore of projects which are to be bidded in the pipeline of transmission 
project is there. So, there we will be going forward that competition will be going down and our 
experience and so our understanding which we have collected so far in terms of while bidding 
the two projects. We are getting confidence, so we believe that we will be able to execute or we 
will be able to enter into this transmission sector successfully. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We have the next question from the line of Ashish Jha from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Jha: 
Good afternoon, sir. This InvIT that we are planning, so what is the quantum of equity that we 
expect that we will be able to monetize from it for us, any calculations or any estimate that we 
have? 
Anand Rathi: 
The InvIT that we are planning, it is not for the purpose of that, to get the immediate, I mean to 
release the capital immediately. This is our long-term plan where we feel that once we will see, 
then my cycle would be completed, as I explained earlier also that while taking more projects 
on HAM, I will be able to flip it off to that InvIT vehicle and my cycle would be in terms of 
developing that project and bring up my equity, would be complete, this is what I feel. So, we 
do not have any such urgency that this much of capital is required within six months or twelve 
months, we do not have any such challenge. Only thing is that we want to make this InvIT a 
successful platform where you know, probably we will be adding more InvITs into this platform, 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
I will be able to you know. So, my process would be perpetual. Now it would become perpetual, 
I will be taking more HAM, we will be giving it off to that vehicle and also in that vehicle, we 
are also expecting that we would be adding. I mean as we are holding certain stake of that vehicle 
but yes, we will be adding from outside world also, the asset where we will be having the 
opportunity to do the O&M activities for those assets. So, the exact thought process is, I mean 
we are looking some business opportunity on that vehicle rather than having an immediate 
cashflow from this. And the projects that we have put up, as on date we are investing around Rs. 
1300 crore of equity into existing HAM projects. We want to add Rs. 1300 crore of more, we 
have to monetize all of them know. So how much we will get on it, that depends again on the 
valuation part which we will be discussing with various bankers and all that but we will monetize 
all those know. 
Ashish Jha: 
Sure, sir also on the perspective of returns, like if HAM is COD, then we will be also able to 
refinance it at a much lower cost, versus let’s say InvIT if an investor comes in they will at least 
have a maybe 10%-11% expectation, if it happens around 10%, so in which case we may end up 
giving more return right to the, if it is 10% or so for the InvIT holder versus if we speak about 
refinancing then that could be far cheaper? I may be wrong I am just saying if we as a company 
have evaluated this alternative option.          
Anand Rathi: 
See in refinancing we cannot go long term by way of choosing this kind of option, if we want to 
go long term then we have to because see if we want to bid more HAM and more HAM then we 
have to have investors with us who is having patient capital, I mean who can infuse in long term, 
so then I will be able to be more comfortable leading and taking more projects once if I have this 
comfort of backing of some investors that they are the investor who would be providing us that 
low cost capital, I will be taking more and my profit again is in EPC, I want to earn more from 
EPC rather than, so I am not targeting the return on that investment which I will be putting into 
that InvIT right, it is not even my objective, we do not think about it also, investment at G R 
level we do not think we would be by putting that money into that investment activity, we will 
be able to give more return to the investor, no that we do not believe. We will do EPC and if we 
do work, we will earn money. So, point is there that if we go by that philosophy then we will 
need investor, either I will have to sell it or I have to have some support from investors because 
of that I will be able to take more projects and then only I will be able to earn more.          
Ashish Jha: 
Sure, sir just last question we said that our equity plus loan as of December is Rs. 1303 crore 
and as of March it was Rs. 1255 crore, so this will be the net increase, right? You might have 
put it more equity but there will be some loan that you might have got back also, right? Because 
this number otherwise is quite small, so how much money would have come back to us between 
April to December?    
Anand Rathi: 
Maybe around I would say Rs. 200 crore approximately.  
Ashish Jha: 
Okay we got back Rs. 200 crore and we have invested something like Rs. 48 crore of thereabouts, 
so net basis, 250 is what we have actually invested on a gross basis? 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
Exactly. This I am giving you approximate number maybe Rs. 200 crore or more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Teena Virmani from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  
Teena Virmani: 
My question is related to the mix of HAM and EPC, like you mentioned that certain projects got 
delayed and appointed date got delayed but they have mostly come by now, so will the 
proportion of HAM projects not increase in FY 23 and will it not support margins in FY23? 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, I mean as on date my outstanding orderbook is having 67% of HAM projects and balance 
is EPC, so logically because we are generally having more margin into HAM’s, so logically it 
should support that margin also in next financial year. 
Teena Virmani: 
So, now that appointed dates are there, we should not expect any execution related issues in 
these HAM projects? There will not be any project specific issue as such., right? 
Anand Rathi: 
No. 
Teena Virmani: 
Execution will be normalized after  
Anand Rathi: 
Rs. 12000 crore is the order under execution, out of Rs. 14600 crore total pending orderbook is 
Rs. 12000 or you can say Rs. 11500 crore, Rs. 12000 crore was end of December so around Rs. 
11,000 crore of order is under execution.  
Teena Virmani: 
So, basically in HAM projects also there will not be any issue going forward, so HAM execution 
will increase, so which should technically or logically should support margins from the current 
level.  
Anand Rathi: 
Exactly.  
Teena Virmani: 
So, sir in this the Power T&D bids that you are submitting, what margins are you targeting out 
there? 
Anand Rathi: 
See, those are the EPC kind of things we are targeting, that will be around 13%-14%. 
Teena Virmani: 
So, that maybe margin dilutive if it is at a bigger scale? 
Anand Rathi: 
EPC is I mean we are comfortable with this kind of margin 13%-14%-15%. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay, so it will be similar to road EPC? 
Anand Rathi: 
Right. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay, got it sir and in terms of the ordering opportunity next year, how are you seeing the 
ordering opportunities mainly in the road as well as in the other segments?   

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, so we are targeting transmissions where we are getting comfort over the peers and we are 
targeting railways, metros and road again, road has a major component.  
Teena Virmani: 
So, in road are you seeing any gains now, from the current levels will it increase, after March in 
next year in FY23?  
Anand Rathi: 
Road execution you mean to say? 
Teena Virmani: 
No sir order inflow for G R. 
Anand Rathi: 
That will be ongoing, order inflow is going to increase because the competition that we have 
right now we believe will not continue for next six months, so by that time I do not think that 
there are so many small companies who have taken 4-5-6 HAMs, I do not think they 
Teena Virmani: 
Will be able to compete. 
Anand Rathi: 
No, I do not comment on that but point is that they would be busy with their own execution, 
right. They have to do so much of work like they have to do their initial setup and a company 
with kind of topline Rs. 1000 crore having HAM projects of around Rs. 5000 crore then they 
have their own set of struggle. So, I do not think that they would be coming more that is my 
belief, I may be wrong but time will tell but next year probably I believe that the competition 
will also go down certainly. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay, so if this year if you are targeting an overall inflow of around Rs. 13, 000 crore including 
this certain which you are targeting in February and March, next year order inflow can be in a 
similar range or we can expect 5% to 10% increase from the levels of Rs. 13, 000 crore? 
Anand Rathi: 
No, I mean to say, so next year we can even target Rs. 20, 000 crore . I mean we are comfortable, 
see we could have achieved, I mean we could also receive this year also bid more than Rs. 15, 
000 crore bid orders subject to the margin and the quality of the order, right? As on date, we are 
comfortable with that Rs. 20, 000 crore order also, that is not a big challenge because we are 
very well equipped in terms of manpower, machinery and money terms. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead, sir. 
Shravan Shah: 
Thank you sir. You said we have done the Capex of Rs. 236 crore in nine months, so how much 
would it be in the fourth quarter, in general, the range would be Rs. 350 crore odd yearly Capex 
that we would be incurring. 
Anand Rathi: 
Capex depends, if we are getting more orders and if we keep getting new orders, so generally it 
is 65% of the order which in fact, we have told in our earlier call also. Till now, it is Rs. 235 
crore, new work has not come much so what we believe that it will be within Rs. 300 crore for 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
the current year, that is how we target for the current year. It is okay, means from Rs. 300 crore 
to Rs. 500 crore depending on what kind of, what number of new orders we will be adding. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, second sir your working capital which has increased a little, so will it come back to the 
normal 70 days, so the core cash conversion days, inventory deter payable 70 days, 72 days will 
be there by March? 
Anand Rathi: 
My working capital is also showing that increase maybe because of one reason that the 
Mobilization Advance is getting down, probably in earlier version, this number is including what 
number, so I have to check that, which have again, I mean so maybe because with every passing 
quarter my Mobilization Advance which is showing outstanding in my balance sheet. So that 
might be the reason but otherwise I think, what we believe is that, largely it is in the range of 
maybe two, three days here and there but we are comfortable and it’s not, we do not think there 
is any big issue in terms of working capital management. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay and sir just wanted to understand, as you said in the previous reply that in HAM sub-debt 
of Rs. 200 crore has been repaid, so despite there is a bank loan we can still repay our sub-debt. 
Like first pay the bank loan then only we can pay our sub-debt. 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, I missed you in between but what I could understand from this question that what you are 
asking is, that if we have got our money back, without making payment to the existing, I mean 
that outstanding bank loan, right? 
Shravan Shah: 
Right. So, I just wanted to understand that are there any restrictions as such know, that first you 
have to repay the bank loan, then only all our sub-debt …. 
Anand Rathi: 
No. it is not like this. The point is, when we are going for re-financing, then we are going for 
some top up debt, so this is with the condition only that we have to raise additional debt over 
there and when additional debt is raised at SUV level, it will be utilized only for the purpose of, 
or only for the, there is no other way. I mean to utilize that top-up loan, which we will be raising 
at the time of re-financing but to repay the subordinated loan extended by the promoters. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay and sir in this transmission, what is the thought process over there for us in the terms of 
the equity that we can lock in there, margin you already mentioned 135, 14%? 
Anand Rathi: 
See our target initially for transmission is that probably we will be bidding for around Rs. 1000 
crore of projects where my equity commitment would be around Rs. 300 crore odd, Rs. 400 
crore odd of equity sort of, I mean commitment which we are expecting for the transmission 
right? And then depends on again which competition and it depends on little bit here and there 
but that depends on the competition also. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, so the two projects that are there, from that one of the project’s results are yet to come, in 
the transmission. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
No, so we had bid for two projects and in the transmission, there is a process called reverse 
option, so in one project reverse option has taken place and we were L2 at that particular project. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes, that I understood, the second one is still left. 
Anand Rathi: 
The second one’s is yet to happen. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, sir one last thing, I wanted to understand a little for broadly understanding that, can we 
start giving the list of top ten, fifteen projects in presentation so that people can have a or investor 
can have a better understanding how each project over last two, three, four quarters, how they 
are contributing to revenue and which project is actually not moving or moving. So that is a 
simple, that would be a better to, will help the entire investor community in terms of the 
forecasting the revenue at project level. So that is a humble request and at the same time in terms 
of the HAM equity, if you can also give the same in terms of the presentation that these are the 
sixteen HAM projects and whatever the new would be added, how much equity, as you say that 
Rs. 200 crore is loan as repaid, so what was the equity invested in these project as on March and 
now in December so that will be more helpful, that is the only request. 
Anand Rathi: 
Mr. Shravan, your suggestion is well taken. The point is, in terms of, when we say that the 
number of projects, ongoing projects, generally we are having 15 to 17 or 18 or something kind 
of, the ongoing projects which are with us. And now with this current period we have completed 
8 projects, so one you can understand from that as to which project is moving in what way, in 
general if you talk about. And if you talk about specific numbers then what happens in that is, 
there are lot of challenges in that. Challenges in terms of that we have, sometime we got CS 
orders, sometimes we got claims, sometimes we get, you know different consideration we get 
out of these orders. So, to reconcile it, your team and my team both will have to invest 2 hours, 
4 hours for it or otherwise it will not be by you know, putting just into presentation, probably I 
will be creating more confusion rather than clarification. So, I feel, if we talk about specific in 
the numbers, it will be very difficult because we have to apply and everybody else will apply 
that different level of mind. Also, in understanding and what will they understand with this, that 
God knows but this is the challenge which we are facing or we have been facing in while 
reconciling our order book also. We ourselves are not able to understand many a times. So, this 
is one thing and HAM equity that this number of equity is to be putting into those number of 
HAMs, I think we can add on that what equity is to be added into which HAM, right? What 
equity commitment is pending in which HAM, that we can do probably and then there is no 
doubt about it that the Rs. 1300 crore equity that we are supposed to put in the next two, two and 
half years, in which HAM what number of equity commitment is there and what is the 
outstanding amount. That we can put up sir, there is no confusion in that, we can do this. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes sir, that challenge from our side is that two things; one is sir you also calculate, like how 
you said that in this quarter there are claims, bonus in this quarter and nine months. So that 
calculation you are anyways doing on the project level, you are giving the value of the total order 
book also. In anyway, you would be knowing that what is the change in scope is there in every 
project, how much is the claim, bonus, all those things you are anyways giving. So, whatever 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
you are saying two, four hours or so, that is up to you but in any way you are calculating and 
wasting time on that, rather it should be a more system based driven because that should be the 
case, otherwise would be difficult for you also to and second sir about HAM that you are saying 
know, if down like comes going forward, so like going forward …… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Shravan Shah, I am sorry to interrupt sir, I would request you to come 
back in queue as we have other participants waiting sir, thank you. We have the next question 
from the line of Mr. Alok Ranjan. Please go ahead, sir. 
Alok Ranjan: 
Just two questions from my end. One is that we are seeing change in the cycle coming with 
inflation inching up and maybe the surplus liquidity that was there in the economy, we will start 
to see reduction and we may see interest rate rising very soon. So, my question is, how do that 
impact HAM bidding competitiveness? Do you see competition getting eased in asset portfolio 
in rising interest rate scenario? And second question sir, I joined late, so I do not know if you 
have answered it but given the budget which came, especially on the Road side, is your order 
inflow expectation in FY23 changed after the only modest 2% growth in the Road Capex that 
was given from the center side? Just these are the two questions from my side. 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, so first question was about rising interest rate scenario. See the beauty of HAM is that it is 
insulated from the interest rate, I mean whether interest rate is moving up or going down, HAM 
remains the same because the revenue which is apprehend to that HAM project is linked to 
MCRR of five top banks. So, if let us say, lenders are increasing the rate, bankers are increasing 
the rate, my revenue would be increasing and so would be my cost. So, it would be kind of 
neutral, I would say. So, it is not dependent on the interest rate movement. So that extent, I 
believe that there is no change in terms of interest rate. 
 
And your second question was, in terms of my order expectations. Yes, of course, I mean this 
time we are more bullish, I would say going forward because Road yes, Road it is almost, how 
say level is maintained for more the budget allocation is almost same but in other sectors it has 
you know, government plan is clear, government vision is clear that they want to increase the 
Capex, capital expenditure and it is visible also from the budget announcement where they have. 
I mean in last year, of total budgeted amount, they have spent around 84% into revenue 
expenditure and 16% was the Capex. In the current year, they have raised that Capex from 16% 
to 19% and it is only 81% which is revenue. So yes, as Mr. Ajendra also told in his opening 
speech that the Parvatmala program is also being launched and multi model logistic park is also 
being launched by the Railways. So, what we believe that going forward, the infra opportunities, 
there are high opportunities in terms of Infra and probably would be, you know and we also 
started diversifying into, we are not relying only on Road sector, so we believe that we will be 
getting more orders in the coming year. 
Alok Ranjan: 
Sir just one follow up. So, my question on the HAM, especially on the rising interest rate was 
that, whether the competition gets reduced when the interest rate rises, especially when you will 
be bidding for the HAM though you see lower competition in the rising interest rate scenario in 
the HAM or it will remain the same irrespective of? 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
Yes, so for disciplined player, that the disciplined player would be able to raise the funding at 
the lower rate of course, and in case, particularly, specifically liquidity is getting squeezed then 
good player would be able to get easy money and small player may not be earned or I would not 
say that small player but the person who will be you know bidding in some certain disciplined 
manner, they would be getting money probably, within their budget re-cost. It is going to you 
know plays, for us I think I believe that interest rate is moving and it is going to, it will be acting 
in my favor. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have the next question from the line of Hardick Bora from Union Mutual 
Funds. Please go ahead, sir. 
Hardick Bora: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Good afternoon, everyone. Sir, I wanted clarification on one 
thing regarding this InvIT that what is the timeline for this InvIT to start? 
Anand Rathi: 
InvIT’s timeline, I mean we have taken the step in this direction. So, it is about launching the 
InvIT. If we are talking about launching the InvIT, then maybe six to nine months that I believe 
depending on, that is the feedback so far, we have received from the bankers. 
Hardick Bora: 
So due to InvIT coming in, you said that our capability will improve a lot and we will not have 
to approach to any other buyer, we will have a ready vehicle, so our win ratio will improve going 
forward from here, right? Because we will have an advantage which our competitors may not 
have? So, that is the expectation we should look forward to?  
Anand Rathi: 
Right. 
Hardick Bora: 
Sir my second question on this diversification apart from road and bridges our what is our long-
term strategy for next 5-10 years, have we kept any target on the orderbook as to 5% to start 
with we will start focusing on other segments? Do we have numbers in mind, can you share 
something on that?   
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: So, see for any engineering company. roads cannot be the only sector to work with because the 
road construction will not go on till unlimited time and at some place or the other there will be 
saturation, so we are taking into account other factors also like we started power transmission 
bidding in this year only, railway is there, high speed rail is there and apart from this whichever 
engineering sectors are there, we work on them and wherever we see an opportunity on a long 
term basis, we do not go for short term opportunities, so if the opportunity is long term then 
definitely G R Infra will be competing in the EPC space.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Parvez Akhter Qazi from Edelweiss 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Parvez Akhter Qazi: 
Just a book keeping question, sir you mentioned that we have about Rs. 1303 crore to HAM 
assets totally, if you could break it up into investment and loans and advances to subsidiary that 
will be helpful?  

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
Loans and advances is around Rs. 870 crore something and balance is equity. Rs. 872 crore is 
loans and advances. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints we take the last question from the line 
of Tanvi Jain from HEM Securities Limited. Please go ahead.   
Tanvi Jain: 
Sir just wanted to ask a few book keeping questions only, one I was just seeing the cost of raw 
materials, so it has increased to 69% this quarter whereas it was 63% last year, you said that the 
main fall in EBITDA margins is on account of CSR as well as the bad debt, so why there is such 
an increase and I guess this is also contributing to the low EBITDA margins?   
Anand Rathi: 
See, cost of raw material actually, probably it is manufacturing activities we are doing right, it 
is not related to the project which we have been executing, so cost of material if you say, I exactly 
do not have a number in front of me but you can see that the cost of raw material is not that much 
big in terms of, compared to my revenue right.  
Tanvi Jain: 
Sir I am talking about the construction expenses, the construction expenses, cost of material 
together? So, construction expense as a percentage to revenue has increased steeply, along with 
cost of material.     
Anand Rathi: 
See cost of material I already told you that it is related to manufacturing and then construction 
expenses, because my construction revenue has gone down, right? Because the bonus which is 
the major impact, I told you. 
Tanvi Jain: 
So, sir this bonus income we should see it as a very one-time affair because as and when the 
project gets completed, then only you can get some early completion of bonus income, so how 
do we look at into that? So when can we expect. 
Anand Rathi: 
In our earlier call also, we clearly mentioned that bonus is not a recurring income, reason being 
that in off late now authorities have also recognized this set that the contractors are executing 
way before the time given to them, so they have also curtailed the time period of the execution, 
so largely probably three years back, most of the projects were awarded, whatever projects were 
awarded, it was coming with the 2.5-3 years if construction period, nowadays it is mostly 1.5-2 
years construction period, so bonus I do not think is going to come again and again in my balance 
sheet.      
Tanvi Jain: 
Okay and sir one question, the orderbook right now is standing at Rs. 14598 crore whereas in 
September’ 21 it was at Rs. 15700 crore, sir how much inflow is there in this particular quarter? 
And if there was not much execution and completion in this quarter then why the orderbook has 
gone down?  
Anand Rathi: 
No, so Rs. 592 crore is the only  
Tanvi Jain: 
Sir that is the L1 I am talking about the orderbook. 

 
G R Infraprojects Limited 
February 14, 2022 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Anand Rathi: 
Last time it was Rs. 15700 crore now it is Rs. 11000 crore right? 
Tanvi Jain: 
It is Rs. 14600 crore.  
Anand Rathi: 
So, point is you just write a mail to us and probably I will give you the difference, right now I 
am not having in front of me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments.  
Ajendra Kumar Agarwal: A big thanks to all the investors who have put their faith in the company and we hope you will 
keep faith in us in future and we will ensure we keep this trust with you and keep on working 
diligently to develop India’s infrastructure and achieve new footprints there. Thank you.   
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
