Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited
Registered Office: # 8-2-334 I SDE Serene Chambers I 3rd Floor I Road No.5  
Avenue 7 I Banjara Hills I Hyderabad – 500034 I Telangana I India I CIN: L24299TG2018PLC128171  
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 /1142 /3311 I Fax: 91 40 2354 1152 I Email: info@suvenpharm.com I www.suvenpharm.com 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2022-23 
December 30, 2022 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the conference call for the investors held on December 26, 2022. 
The above information has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://www.suvenpharm.com/index.php/news-events
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
K. Hanumantha Rao 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
HANUMANTH
A RAO 
KOKKONDA
Digitally signed by HANUMANTHA RAO KOKKONDA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=500008, st=TELANGANA, 
l=HYDERABAD, o=Personal, title=3012, 
serialNumber=f8be5b73cc74b67b3d4b6f96be79cb67c431
43de2a0bc45fc9a66cf27541d0a0, 
pseudonym=301220220502170840052, 
2.5.4.20=f03e2ddbfb640c4ca080af24bd272a7536b81843c
a5d65e0c06a01012fc89f51, 
email=KHRAO@SUVENPHARM.COM, cn=HANUMANTHA 
RAO KOKKONDA 
Date: 2022.12.30 16:56:49 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Conference Call 
December 26, 2022 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the conference call of Suven 
Pharmaceuticals Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen 
only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone. And thank you for joining us on this call to 
discuss today's announcement of Advent International proposing to acquire a 
significant stake in Suven Pharmaceuticals from the Jasti family. We have with 
us Mr. Venkat Jasti – the Managing Director; and Mr. Venkatraman Sunder – 
Vice President, Corporate Affairs.  
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties.  
I would now like to request Mr. Jasti to share his perspectives on the 
transaction and his view. Over to you, sir. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Thank you, Gavin. Thanks, everyone, tuning in for the call this afternoon. And 
as you are aware we have announced a structured deal with Advent 
International, which is known to everybody. I think rather than me telling what 
it is all about, I would rather answer your questions. But we'll have much more 
clarity than saying whatever it is existing on the website and the stock 
exchanges. I can now take the call, and I can explain the rationale of the deal. 
Moderator: 
Should we start the question-and-answer session, sir? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, please. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital.  
Ankush Agrawal: 
Congratulations on the deal, sir. Firstly, if you can clarify a little bit on your role 
in the business going forward, like based on what you have provided to the 
news outlet during the interviews today. What I understand is that you would 
be continuing in your current management role for the foreseeable future till 
the time Advent gets Cohance to merge with it where and when the entity as a 
whole will become a bit larger entity. And then you will be phasing out and then 
acting broadly as an advisor to the company. So, if you can clarify on that, sir. 

 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, you're absolutely right. That's the way it is. As you know, consummating 
this deal itself will take 5 to 6 months. After that, I will continue to run the 
business. Only when the merger has happened, I will be looking after as a 
strategic and advisory role. But the aim of Advent and ourselves is to value 
creation, using the added platforms that are existing. So, we have a certain 
speed, certain growth and certain capacity. But things are looking good. And 
with deep pockets of Advent and their global outreach and not only in the 
platform here and abroad and they have a reach into the global customers. We 
can get more business opportunities. And whatever the opportunity that comes 
in, it is a value-added proposition for which I will be the focus, and I will be the 
advisor on that aspect and that's the way it will work. And I'm keeping my rest 
of the stake in there as is because I believe that it will have a value accretion 
in the very near future. That's the rationale. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Sir, secondly, could you be able to elaborate on the Cohance’s business model 
currently because Suven’s business model is relatively different from what a 
lot of other players in India does. So, if you can help on that front. And secondly, 
like on the Suven side itself, like historically, we've been planning to get more 
on the life cycle management front and transition from the intermediate to the 
retail. So, would this merger help accelerate that in your sense? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I mean when the focus is towards value creation, the merger will allow us to 
use the facilities that are existing and also the customers that are existing. 
Some of the things which you are not able to do at this time can utilize using 
the platform at the side. And those platforms, which they are unable to use 
some of the value-added services that will be done at the Suven Pharma. And 
eventually, the value-added production and the global reach of the customers 
through the management personnel of Advent, which are in the Life Sciences 
field will be able to help us. The Cohance platform has some API and CDMO, 
but the value creation will be the future focus. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Sir, lastly, just a smaller one. Does this valuation change our existing capex 
plan that we are undertaking? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, not much. Business is as usual. There will not be any change, change in 
even the people, not even a single person will not be left out from the existing 
operation. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
And H1 initiative also stays intact, right? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from JM 
Financial Services PMS.  
S. Padmanabhan: 
Sir, my question is today when I'm looking at us, largely, the business comes 
from the API part whereas I would understand that a fair amount of sales also 
goes towards generics, and we are largely focusing on CDMO part with a 
significant portion with innovator. Just if you can give a little bit more color apart 
from synergies, I mean what can add as far as the scale is concerned? And 
second is on the margin side, I mean I would understand that Cohance margin 
should be significantly lower than our margin. So, from that side, do you believe 
that on a pro forma basis, is there any kind of synergy that can come through 
and expand the margins? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As we were telling you, the platform will be utilized for the value-added 
products, which Suven is good at. That's the whole team which we want to 

 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
bring. We would like to utilize the capacities and the capabilities. Also, if you 
remember, in Suven, we're also trying to go and do the life cycle management 
for the innovators who we are working with. For that, I may have to put 
infrastructure. Right now, that will not be necessary because the platform will 
have that kind of infrastructure. So, this will be a value-add. Focus will be value-
adding rather than just going in one direction. And that's what the future focus 
is going to be, and the capacities and all those things will be utilized to bring 
the value addition to the total platform. I have no idea how much the revenues 
and how much those things which we are not privy to this. And that will be only 
post the merger, it will not be to anybody, and at that time we can talk. Right 
now, the scheme which we are thinking is to go for a value added using the 
existing client base and also the clients, which Advent can bring in through 
their global sources and global management so that suddenly if needed 
capacities can be utilized with platform capacity. So, this is a value-add, and is 
going to be a synergistic effect both in terms of the revenue and on top of the 
EPS. 
S. Padmanabhan: 
And then buying the 50.1% stake of your equity, I mean, I would believe that a 
part of this would basically go into funding the Suven Life Sciences candidate. 
So, from that perspective, would it be fair to assume that we would have 
enough funding for the next 3 to 4 years. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Suven Life Sciences you're talking? 
S. Padmanabhan: 
Yes, because I would assume that part of the money that comes from the sale 
of this could primarily grow. 
Venkat Jasti: 
I think you have a wrong notion here because we never think of this to fund the 
Suven Life Sciences, we have to sell the stake. That's not what it is. As you 
know, even before we have started this, we started way back 6 months ago to 
raise the funds through the rights issue, and we have the money for the next 
few years. And moreover, there are some milestones coming into the Life 
Sciences. If we are lucky and successful, that will take you over the next 10 
years. But funding for Suven Life Sciences is as always we have been doing, 
we will be doing it, not necessarily by selling 1 stake and we have to put it. 
That's not the intent. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital.  
Darshit Shah: 
Congratulations on the deal. Sir, so from what we understand is that this is a 
platform that Advent has created to kind of become a market leader in India in 
terms of API and CDMO. And funds from all the 3 companies, which currently 
they have under this basket, I think 30%, 40% is CDMO and this is API 
specialty plan. And post the merger I think the CDMO business will be more 
than 50%, 60% of the overall revenue side. Sir, in terms of synergies, I mean, 
since you have been in talk with them for quite a long time, if you can throw a 
little bit more granular detail on what's the road map for them, how are they 
planning to take this overall Cohance thing over the next 3 to 5 years? This is 
really an issue for the minority shareholders like us to know stay put with the 
new promoters. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Anybody who'd like to have a value-added proposition which we're bringing to 
the table, and they have huge capacities and capabilities. And with our value-
added roadmap, then we can integrate that towards that. And also, as we were 
telling you earlier also when the outsourcing is happening much more, 
including the life cycle management of the innovators, and this will be a value-
added proposition again. At the same time, Suven don't need to spend money 

 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
to create infrastructure. The existing infrastructure will be focused towards the 
value-added products so that in general, value accretion and the synergistic 
business concept will be given and more offerings to our customers. That 
means they will be getting from nuts and bolts all the way to the formulation. 
This is the way we are thinking. 
Darshit Shah: 
Got it, sir. So, in order to summarize basically is that the process which we 
were envisaging of life cycle management, where you are trying to move higher 
up the value chain. So, now that the process anyway is on track and further 
opportunity if that comes, we'll be able to use this platform and experience a 
growth which might happen soon. Otherwise, we do have taken a little longer 
to put the facilities. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, because some of these platform companies are already doing some of 
these activities with some of the innovators. So, we can combine all these 
things, and we can give you more offerings to them so that they don't have to 
go to different people. And that way, this will become one of the top 3 CDMO 
players which caters from the, what you call, innovation supply chain to the life 
cycle management of the innovator. So, that is the thought process. 
Darshit Shah: 
And sir, lastly, on the roadmap, the press release of Advent talks of making 
Suven a $1 billion company over the next few years, so I mean that what the 
roadmap basically talked, so that’s a phenomenal kind of opportunity that 
Advent is looking from Suven. Would that be the right understanding? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I mean, I think you need to ask that to Advent. But right now, our focus is using 
this platform, giving more offerings. My job is to get the more value-added 
products into the pipeline, which naturally will give us a bottom line and better 
broadline growth and all the stuff. With their capabilities in the global, I mean, 
outreach, I think they may have a road map to bring this revenue to $1 billion 
sooner than later. That is their outreach when they start coming into the picture. 
Right now, our job is to utilize whatever we have in this partnership, make it a 
value proposition to the customers. And in turn, I mean value proposition to our 
shareholders. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth 
Managers India Private Limited.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, congratulation on the deal. Sir, I have 2 questions, one is Suven has always 
been a very respected, high corporate governance, very well in terms of the 
domain and expertise and your own image, this has been very respected in the 
industry and across the investors along. So, sir, from that perspective, just I 
wanted your comments on the stake which you plan to retain is it from a longer-
term perspective, because from an investor perspective that may create a kind 
of an overhang because you have already sold 50%. So, will you like to just 
comment something on from the perspective of timeline, which you look at for 
the stake which you will be holding? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As of now, there is no thought process of relinquishing that and I feel that the 
value creation will happen because if we keep just to the value creation side 
by using all the infrastructure that is there, by using all the clients that is there, 
by giving additional opportunity to the offerings to the customer, I feel that value 
will be much higher. So, we don't have any thoughts of relinquishing that at this 
time, and we'll keep following up as long as we create our value creation, not 
only to shareholders but to ourselves. That is the way we are thinking. 

 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Mayur Parkeria: 
And sir, you feel that value creation process can start happening in the near 
term itself from the next 3 years perspective also, right? 
Venkat Jasti: 
It should happen now as we start using the total platform and given the 
expanded offerings, I mean, it may not be overnight and it may not be in 1 year. 
But in a 3-year period, yes, it should rectify into the next level of proposition. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, the second question was, sir, since there is a proposal along with this itself 
that they will merge the Cohance, the platform, along with this, there is a 
proposal. And from a revenue perspective, more or less, Suven and that entity 
are more or less pro forma, not very different, right? So, I'm sure there would 
be some understanding on valuations of those companies also. So, because 
your stake would also get diluted when that company gets merged. So, any 
color which you would like to give us understanding on what kind of valuations 
will happen over a period of time? 
Venkat Jasti: 
It's very difficult to tell on day 1 what kind of valuation will come because we 
are working towards the value creation. I mean, if you think that it will be diluted 
and all that stuff, we don't think we want to keep this stuff, right. But that's not 
what our thinking is by bringing the existing platform and the scalability and the 
capability and also by having the deep pockets of our partner and also having 
the platform of the partner, not only in India and abroad and also the knowledge 
they have in the pharmaceutical field, they can bring through their management 
systems, more business opportunity, which will be towards the value-added 
products, that's what the whole aim is about. Whatever they have now, that will 
be transformed into value-added services. That's what the idea is all about. 
And it will take about 3 years before you start any big jump on that one. That's 
what I feel. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sir, I was just wondering what is it that Advent gets for Suven on the platform 
because while they may get benefit with your expertise and you will get the 
value-added products even for that kind of entity and overall, 1 plus 1 can be 
much more. But from a Suven perspective, since you're going to continue to 
run the entity for some more time, what is it that they bring on table for you or 
for us as shareholders in terms of in the next 1 year? And how does it help us 
in that sense from a Suven perspective, sir? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Because I will bring a new perspective for the existing team in the sense is the 
value creation. How do you value create and how do you focus and how do 
you strategize. That's what I bring to the table along with what we do. And that 
with these additional capabilities, capacities and strength, we can pass forward 
much quicker and much better. That's what I bring to the table. That's what we 
are getting. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital 
Advisors.  
V.P. Rajesh: 
My first question was regarding the timeline of this merger. So, would it be that 
the open offer will get done first? And then after that, you will get into the 
merger discussion. Or will it run simultaneously to the open offer process? If 
you can just throw some light on that. 
Venkat Jasti: 
The merger will be post the open offer only, really, when the Advent comes 
into the picture and they take from ours and the open offer, then only the activity 
will take place, not until that time. 

 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And I was just curious, sir, that it could have been easily that you could have 
bought that business first. And then thought about selling your stake because 
you would have been running a much larger company as opposed to selling 
your stake at this point and letting Advent do whatever they want to do with the 
ongoing business. So, any comment on that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I didn't understand the question. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
My question is that rather than selling your stake to them first and then letting 
them do the merger with their private entity, we could have bought the private 
entity from them. And then afterwards, you could have divested if needed to 
divest your stake in the combined entity. Because I'll tell you the concern is 
that once Advent controls public Suven, they can decide whatever that merger 
ratio is going to be. So, that's where I'm coming from. 
Venkat Jasti: 
See, when the merger takes place by the time based on the fundamentals, it 
will be worked out. It's not just whims and  fancies it will not be done. It has to 
be done based on what do you call EBITDA of this company versus EBITDA 
of that company we shared; the structuring will be done like that. So, I don't 
see that way. I think what we need to bring is to bring speed to the growth 
along with the reach of the global customers. And having additional 
infrastructure and capacity, all those things and also bringing some of our non-
offerings will be offered by Cohance and some of the non-offering by the 
Cohance will be offered by Suven. This way, there will be a cross-selling and 
in the beginning, then it will be a merger with the timelines it will take. And so 
meanwhile, we can take it to the customer. These are the offerings in total 
which will sort of double our capacity and the capability in terms of the people 
and the volume and the R&D personnel and all that stuff. And the focus would 
be towards the value creation. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amar Maurya from Alfaccurate 
PMS. 
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, what I can understand is that with this merger, the Suven listed entity will 
get benefited largely in terms of the business opportunity more from the life 
cycle management, right? But let's say, I mean, whatever is the capacity which 
we got from the Cohance, I mean if Suven would have those capabilities, what 
kind of a life cycle business we would have been able to cater with this kind of 
available facility? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I mean, it's very difficult to give you a number at this time, but the strategy what 
we are talking about is, it's not only the capacities, but also the reach of their 
global footprint in the pharmaceutical field, which can give you additional 
opportunity for those places where we are not working can be there. Already, 
they have some of the innovators in their things where they are doing the life 
cycle management. The same thing can be done here. Those whom we are 
working, then we don't need to look for the capacities and the capability. And 
this is going to be a strategy which we have worked to apply for faster growth 
and value creation. This is the way we are looking at it, not just generic purpose 
only. And that's the whole purpose that will be merged into Suven eventually. 
But otherwise, we'll be utilizing the total, not only the people, not only the 
capacity, but also their global reach to the customers, we could be very much 
indulge into. 
Amar Maurya: 
So, sir, basically, what I'm trying to understand here is, like you were talking 
about a cross-sell opportunity, which you are looking can be very large, and 

 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
that can help to the existing business as well as to the life cycle management 
business, right? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, existing business and life cycle management and also new customers 
paying with, what you call, if the Advent has a reach in the global footprint by 
having other players not in India but abroad, and they can bring that to the 
table. Here, the value-added products, what we are doing, the focus with which 
we are doing, and that will be an additional thing. As you rightly said, capacities 
can be created, but getting the client to decide which will fast track the activity, 
that's the one thing which we are looking for. 
Amar Maurya: 
So, basically, sir, what I think everybody is trying to understand is that do you 
see that the cross-sell opportunity from the existing Cohance portfolio as well 
as the Advent global reach would be very significant for you? 
Venkat Jasti: 
The total thing will be eventually, right? 
Amar Maurya: 
Yes. 
Venkat Jasti: 
And that's what the intent is all about, to get to that point, speed up. Right now, 
we are growing at 15% to 20%. And we still speed up things, but how fast we 
can go to the next level is only time will tell. 
Amar Maurya: 
Yes, I got that. So, basically, what you're saying here is that, let's say, you, as 
a company, I mean, on an individual basis, we're growing at a certain speed, 
this will enhance your speed significantly.  
Venkat Jasti: 
Not only speed, but also quantum. 
Amar Maurya: 
Also, the quantum? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Right. 
Amar Maurya: 
So, basically, I mean just simply trying to understand, let’s say, sir, I mean, 
probably you would have doubled the revenue in 5 years at a 20% CAGR, 
right? Can the speed come to 2 years by incubating all these accelerators? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Possible, sir. I mean, in our field, as you know, when some of the molecules 
was in commercial, sometimes give a doubling effect. Similarly, this can also 
happen, but this is very early to tell you that way, how fast we can do some. 
We have to utilize whatever opportunities that are existing because of the 
portfolio companies and also the deep pocketed, deep rooted Advent global 
footprint, which we need to bring it up. That can take it, yes, it's possible to do 
it in 2, 2.5 years. 
Amar Maurya: 
And one last, sir. Like, if I see the merged entity now would have 35% kind of 
a margin, right? And when we increased our life cycle portion of the business, 
will the margin dilute further? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, not necessarily because when we are talking life cycle management 
means we're not doing just the generic life cycle management. We are talking 
about innovator life cycle management. Always this has a more value creation 
compared to the pure generics. So, that's what our aim is. That's where we are 
going to steal our growth also in addition to attracting more customers, but also 
that kind of things. 

 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Amar Maurya: 
So, basically, the merged number, merged kind of a margin you tend to 
maintain over a period of time. 
Venkat Jasti: 
That’s what our intent is. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS.  
Sunil Kothari: 
Congratulation for achieving your objective well in time. Sir, my question is you 
have nurtured Suven Pharma, as your baby, I mean your employees, your 
customers, the way you have relationship with your innovator world's biggest 
of all pharma companies. How those customers and your employees and your 
team will be comfortable with this Advent coming in? I'm sure you must have 
taken care of it. So, would you like to talk about some qualities which Advent 
will bring, which will give comfort to your very experienced team, R&D 
capabilities and your customer? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We have reached out to our employees, there is no problem whatsoever. We 
also reach out to the customers. And we have given our commitment to run the 
business as usual with the same commitment and the focus with which we are 
doing it. There will not be any change in the personnel, and Advent is also 
committed to do that. And as I was telling earlier to the customer, our aim is 
using this platform to bring in value-added products into the pipeline and 
speeding towards that area rather than just doing this volume-based activity. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, my question is a little bit more from my concern is innovator was always 
comfortable with the Suven Pharma and Mr. Jasti. But with this new team, new 
feel, and they are very new to this field, they have just taken over 2, 3 
companies during the last 2, 3 years. They are private equity investors. So, 
from that point of view, what's your thought process? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We have access to continue to be active in the business directions and the 
strategy which I said I will do it, and we'll continue to focus on that. And they 
are committed too. The reason why they came into this is to have this value 
addition and they don't want to spoil the broth by doing unnecessary things. 
And as a matter of fact, they want to seed all other platforms also into the value-
added products. That's where the intent is. I mean, everybody will have an 
apprehension, maybe you were also having apprehension in the beginning. 
But as you are committed and focused as we were all these years, which we 
promise we will do, I think they were a great way for the future growth of this 
organization. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Anandha Padmanabhan from PJM 
India AMC.  
A. Padmanabhan: 
Congratulations on the deal. I missed your initial part of the comments. If you 
could just again repeat what would be your environment in the business post 
completion of transaction and post completion of merger? At what level would 
you be engaging with this company, in the combined company, once the 
merger happens? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Because first, they have taken our company not only based on the generation 
of the revenues and all, but also the focus with which we do the business and 
also the value-added creation, which my job is to bring the total platform into 
the value-added services. And I will be doing this strategy and customer 
interest rate to continue the business, continue the commitment as long as I'm 
there with them, and that's what the intent is and they want to just speed up as 
fast as they can and they don't want to do anything that changes the mindset 

 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
of the innovators because that's where the growth both on the top line and 
bottom line will be over the years. That's what we hope it will be. 
A. Padmanabhan: 
So, once the margin gets complete, you would continue to head the combined 
entity? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, I'll be working for the strategy, the guidance and all the stuff. 
A. Padmanabhan: 
And you have sold a substantial portion of your holding. If you could just give 
a broad thought process on how did you decide in terms of the valuation at 
which you have sold it? It seems to be more closer to the current market price 
where generally, the trend is where the promoter is selling a controlling stake, 
they get some premium for parting with the controlling stake. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. I mean it has its pros and cons as you know when we start the activity, 
the price is completely different. And now the price is demand price. So, 
otherwise, years ago, if I sold, I would have got Rs. 600, right? In this business 
it does not work that way. I mean we have taken a decision, and we saw that 
value accretion will be coming in and the only reason we get a little bit more 
than what we thought of giving is because they would like to have a controlling 
stake because they are bringing the platform to the table, and they are going 
to do more investments if needed to look forward to the next value added 
product portfolio and things, bring the customers because as I said, we are 
growing at a certain level, and we're comfortable with that, but we thought this 
is the right time for the growth into a much faster pace in a value-added 
manner. I thought it was a better thing. That's what the thought process is. 
A. Padmanabhan: 
And my final question, sir, if you compare the CDMO business of Cohance vis-
a-vis the CDMO business of Suven, what are the key differentiating factors 
between these 2 businesses in terms of clients, in terms of the extent of 
engagement of the kind of products that you present? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I don't have much deep knowledge of the Cohance side. But what I'm saying 
is naturally, there will be different client deals but they also have a lot of 
innovative clients where they are working in API part of the business and that 
will be useful and the capacities are there. R&D spend is there. And again, the 
other thing is Advent has deep rooted penetration into the pharmaceutical 
world through their management team, which will bring more value to us. So, 
this is what the thought process is, but I have not done a deep dive into the 
Cohance portfolio. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nitin Gosar from BOI Mutual Fund.  
Nitin Gosar: 
Would you mind citing out any example in past where a company like Suven 
and Cohance with the kind of product offering they are giving have been 
merged?  
Venkat Jasti: 
I don't have any idea. I think this is maybe the first one. I don't know. I have no 
idea. I have not gone into researching the things that are happened. Based on 
that only I spoke. That's not the reason why I told you, and I told you why we 
sold and what valuation can come. I have not done any kind of research on that 
aspect. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. And another two questions. How comfortable we are all with the client? 
Or how comfortable the client would be to work with a promoter to an entity that 

 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
we have seen in the past the way they were comfortable with you versus a 
strategic partner who is running the CDMO space? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We have our discussions with various players, and as long as the way you are 
running the business, the commitment you have, the focus you have without 
any changes in the same, they have no problem whatsoever. That’s what our 
gut feeling is. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. And one last question. This is just an observation. One of the recent 
episode where Advent International is acquiring a company which is outside 
Pharma space, but it seems, you know, they have given a kind of uncomfortable 
P&L outcome to the minority shareholders plus the buyback offers have also 
not been that great. How do we ensure that the minority shareholder's interest 
has been taken care of with this transaction going forward with the same entity? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Already they have announced the open offer with the same price what they are 
offering to us.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Julie Mehta from Ratnabali Securities 
Private Limited.  
Julie Mehta: 
My first question pertains to promoter retaining almost a 10% stake in the 
company. So, I wanted to know if there is a lock-in for the same or not? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Naturally, the lock in will be there for 18 months.  
Julie Mehta: 
And my second question is regarding the open offer. Post-merger assuming 
zero acceptance in the open offer, what will be the holding in the merged entity 
by Advent? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Depends on the open offer success. That I think you need to ask Advent. That's 
the acquirer's thing, which we cannot have.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara 
Capital.  
A. Puranwala: 
Congrats on the deal. Sir, on this $1 billion revenue what the new entity would 
be aspiring to achieve, what could be the product mix over here? I mean, when 
we talk about the innovative CRAMS business as well as the generics, because 
post this merger happening, I think, you know, from 8, 9% of your business 
coming from Generics side, it will move up to close to 40%. So, that $1 billion, 
you know, how should we see the mix now going ahead?  
Venkat Jasti: 
I have not given the statement. I think you need to ask the Advent on that, but 
our strategy and focus is still over the value creation using the existing 
infrastructure and the global footprint. That's what we are looking at it. I am not 
looking in the direction why and when they quoted, how they are going to have 
money.  
A. Puranwala: 
So, from the current gross block what we have, you know, that is barring cash 
flow, I think FY22 we had a gross block of close to Rs. 680 crore. So, you know, 
what could be the potential revenue the new entity could derive from this gross 
block what we already have on block with us?  
Venkat Jasti: 
I have no idea on that, sir, right now. I can only concentrate on what we are 
doing now. First of all, the deal will only happen sometime 5 to 6 months from 

 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
now. Meanwhile, my concentration will be on the existing thing, but when that 
act, because as I said, I do not have to deep dive into the Cohance. That needs 
to be done post the acquisition. Then only I will come into the picture, but my 
strategy for them and was and is and will be that it is a value creation for the 
platform which takes the much more value-added products and with their global 
footprint, we should be able to do that and with the expanded capacities and we 
can do that. So, right now I cannot give you all those details, but our focus is 
that way. 
A. Puranwala: 
And so just final question, if I may. You know, when we talk about this entire 
merger happening, I mean, I understand it would be still 5 to 6 months away, 
but, any color how this entire deal will take place? I mean, in terms of the 
merger, would this be done through share swap, you know, we would be 
issuing, that is Suven Pharma would be issuing fresh shares for Advent, or, I 
mean, this might be done through our leveraged buyout wherein, you know, 
debt funded would happen? Because, I mean, if you look at the three entities 
what Advent has acquired, you know, which would be merging with us, the 
quantum looks pretty high. So, any color on that front? 
Venkatraman Sunder: See, the scheme of demerger and now the scheme of merger will happen post 
completion of this portion. So, once this is completed, those valuation 
perspectives and other things will be revealed by Advent as Suven at this point 
of time releasead as a part of the document. At this point of time we have not 
evaluated and we have not gone into the details of those things.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rajkumar Leishembafrom Press 
Trust of India.  
Rajkumar L.: 
Mine is just a clarification. I joined a little bit late. How much is the promoters 
selling off out of the 60% you have and at what valuation? 
Venkatraman Sunder: Promoters are selling about 50.1% is the stake  
Rajkumar L.: 
So, usually, the promoters would be left with 9.9% stake. 
Venkatraman Sunder: That is correct.  
Rajkumar L.: 
And what is the total value? There is some report stating it's around Rs. 6,300 
crore. Is that correct? 
Venkatraman Sunder: Correct.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ashish Thavkar from IIFL.  
Ashish Thavkar: 
Sir, there are some media flash, which says that, you know, the combined entity 
will have an EBITDA margins of 50%. Is it a right number?  
Venkat Jasti: 
I don't know where the media has come and we cannot give you the combined 
entity thing because it's not even merged. I mean, it's not even execution has 
not taken place. It will take around 6 months from now roughly. And after that 
only the merging process will happen. That merger process as you know take 
9 to 12 months maybe. So, I don't know where you got all these numbers. We 
have not said anything. We have not arrived at that number.  

 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Fair enough. Sir, and we did speak about synergies, but are there any 
immediate synergies say in the next 12 months which can quickly show in our 
numbers? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I think we will be going aggressively to the customers and also trying to get the 
new customers, but the business where we have value added products which 
we are getting it into the innovation side of the supply chain, and it will not be 
overnight. So, it has to be nurtured into, and once you get into there, then that 
will have a compounding growth. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Fair enough. Sir, just one last question. Obviously, as the Suven standalone 
entity, we always focused on, you know, we never wanted to dilute our 40% 
plus EBITDA margin profile, but with now the Advent business is also coming 
in, the focus initially would be on gaining scale and at the cost of margins or 
how it would be? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I don't know what they do, but my strategy was to use that as a leverage to get 
the value-added products in the kitty and also getting more customers and 
giving more offers, I mean, offerings from the boutique. That's what we are 
thinking, but the strategy will be done by the Advent post the merger. Until that 
time, I will be running the business, and I will be giving the strategy to have a 
value-added product portfolio.  
Ashish Thavkar: 
And the last one, when are the tentative dates, if you could share the, when 
would the open offer open up?  
Venkat Jasti: 
This is contingent upon the CCI and the DOP approval. It can happen in 3 
months, 4 months, 5 months. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Avnish Khara from VT Capital.  
Avnish Khara: 
I just have one question. I wanted to understand you focused a lot on how 
Advent will be adding value by helping us accelerate the speed and quantum of 
our business. So, is it safe to assume that organically growing was becoming 
an issue for us for some reason?  
Venkat Jasti: 
No, I think you misunderstood. I said, we can go into the next level with their 
portfolio companies and also Advent's global footprint in the life science 
industry, they can bring it to that. But see, I mean, as you know, we have a 
certain speed which we grow at. If you want to grow much faster than previous, 
you need to get into the inorganic also. For that you need to have also the 
pocket. I think we have deep roots, deep pocket, and deep infrastructure and 
enhanced capabilities and capacities. All these mix into the sort of things which 
will speed us actively, not that we cannot do it. Yes, I can do it, but as you know, 
the growth is we are growing at 20% maximum, and of course, taxes also make 
it much more faster, but this will speed up that activity. This is much faster after 
a couple of years.  
Moderator: 
We have a follow up question from the line of Amar Maurya from Alfaccurate 
PMS.  
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, one just clarification like, you know, in Suven, Advent has taken 60% stake. 
So, all the other entities which they had acquired, they are the 100% owner into 
that, right? I mean, there are not multiple promoters coming into the Board with 
this merger, right? 

 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Venkatraman Sunder: No, it's very difficult for us to answer. We don't have those portfolio of the 
companies, what stake they have in different companies. In this company right 
now the intention is to acquire 50% from promoters, and there will be an open 
offer of 26% of which whatever is standard, we will know only after the open 
offer is closed and completed. So, we do not have at this point of time the 
complete details of, you know, Advent's current portfolio of what the stake in 
which company we have in deeper details. Probably, that may come later. 
Amar Maurya: 
No, I'm just trying like, you know, before the merger, you would have got the 
like the Cohance is 100% owned by Advent, or it is like, you know, there also 
they have the minority shareholders of all this different entities?  
Venkatraman Sunder: See, the majority is held by Advent. We have not gone into the details of the 
merger and right now the current valuation, the current aspect what we are 
looking at is Advent acquiring a stake in Suven. That's all. The merger proposal 
should come only after this is completed, and those details will be put on. Right 
now, we need to get the DOP approval. We need to get the CCI approval. We 
need to close the deal. Then we will be getting into those details. We have not 
evaluated those parameters at this point.  
Amar Maurya: 
So basically, I'm just trying to understand that, I mean, I can understand that, 
you know, those details can be evaluated, but as a, I mean, because you are 
going to hold 10% stake in the merged entity or 7% stake in the merged entity, 
I am just saying, you know, we should be aware, right, that who all are going to 
join into the new entity?  
Venkatraman Sunder: So, it is Advent that is holding the majority stake in these three companies. You 
can go into and check in their website, in the Cohance Life Sciences, there is a 
website for which you have more details about them, what kind of capabilities, 
what kind of leverage. The financial figures and those details are not available 
for public at this point of time being an unlisted company.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rahul Jain, an individual investor.  
Rahul Jain: 
I had two clarificatory questions. First, that in our press release, we say that 
Advent is going to acquire X percentage stake in our company, and then there 
is going to be a subsequent merger. The merger details as I hear on the call is 
something which is not known, and the management is retaining 10% stake in 
the merged entity or not or in the entity which is pre-merger. This is also not 
clear. Can you just throw some light so that all of understand what exactly is 
going to happen in the merger? Because in the press release issued by Suven, 
you all have spoken about merger. But then merger details are not available. 
They will be available after six months. Management is retaining control or 10% 
stake in the company, but there are no details. Who is coming in with this merger 
in the merged entity? We, as shareholder want to know this?, this is my first 
question. My second question is you just mentioned that there is a 18 month 
lock-in that the promoters have taken on the 10% stake. Correct? Now post-
merger, whether you will have 10%? What happens to your lock-in share if the 
merger approval comes prior to 18 months? And these details are also not 
available in the press release. If you could just help us understand what exactly 
is the current promoter going to do in the merged entity? How will this entire 
transaction happen?  
Venkatraman Sunder: See, at this point of time, you know, the current promoters, Jasti family is giving 
50% of the overall company to Advent International as a standalone. And we 
have another 10% held at the moment. Post-merger, which is, you know, the 
release given, what we released is what was given to us from Advent 

 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
International that, you know, they are acquiring, because as a part of it, the 
seller post the share purchase agreement, they are supposed to release it we 
have released it. Now the merger part of it what you are talking about is they 
have a Cohance. They have a platform in which there are three other companies 
are built which is to be built. Those details are provided where you have these 
evaluation as well as the merger aspects, they will be coming up later post DOP 
approval and acquisition from the current promoters. Until then this 10% is on 
the standalone Suven Pharmaceuticals what the promoters should be holding. 
The 18 months is a continued transition period for which, you know, support will 
be there from Mr. Jasti towards the entire transition and also the acquisition that 
is being happening now. Post this 18 months period actually, and post whatever 
we call it as even the merger would also been completed. The dilution of the 
promoters' stake of 10% would have come down to a different value. That value 
will be determined both on the merchant banker valuing the entire thing and 
coming out with the thing. So, it should be difficult for us to come out with a 
swap ratio and say clearly like what it should be there in. Based on the 
valuations at the time of the merger documentation and the banker's evaluation 
and based on EBITDA survived at that time, it will be swap ratio will be 
determined. Based on that, this 10% can be down by the sale swap ratio.  
Rahul Jain: 
So, sir, if I may just ask you, then if I understand this correctly, the reason why 
we mentioned this merger was something because the buyer wanted us to 
mention. But then the details of the merger or details of this is not known to us 
right now.  
Venkat Jasti: 
You have to see it is a different context here. First of all, we are trying to sell the 
something, and the buyer is trying to do something with this acquisition. So, we 
are giving everybody what is the rationale in doing it. And these things will come 
as and when it is applicable. I cannot put a number today because I perform 
much better, and my EBITDA is much better. So, I get a much better swap ratio 
compared to the other platforms. So, this will be done by the merchant bankers 
at that time. So, we cannot give you all those things without even the deal has 
not happened. First, this thing has to happen. We are only giving you what is 
the prospect for the future. 
Venkatraman Sunder: And also, in the release what Advent has informed us, it's like, you know, they 
will explore the possibility of merger. You know, I don't know whether it is going 
to be done. It is later they will be announcing it because we will not be talking 
on behalf of Advent at this point of time what they intend to do. At this point of 
time, the company is valued and we have a much larger platform to offer as a 
company to the global customer. On a continuing basis as the current, now 
global consolidations are happening. So, this is one of the areas that is 
important to focus on to offer a better service to the global customers to ensure 
that actually, we are part of the global here. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, are you trying to hint that merger may not happen?  
Venkatraman Sunder: I cannot say that at this point. They only used the word. If you really see, Advent 
intend, post completion of this landmark acquisition, Advent intend to explore 
the merger of the portfolio company Cohance which was to build a leading end-
to-end CDMO and merchant API players servicing the pharma and specialty 
chemical markets. That is what the release what they have given. So, today, 
the merger what we are talking about is what you call, you know, it is based on 
the events happening. So, that is the reason. I am reading only from the release 
what is given. 

 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Rahul Jain: 
So, just my last point. So, you are trying to say that you have mentioned it in 
your press release. You are just trying to justify the rationale but justifying 
rationale without any numbers to it. I don't think that is too comforting for anyone. 
At lease for me it's not comforting because any rationale which you give, I mean, 
if it is not substantiated by numbers, I don't think doesn't make any sense to 
anyone. So, let's wait for your merger details to come before we can do 
something about it.  
Venkatraman Sunder: Yes. I think we should wait for the merger details to come from Advent. As we 
at Suven at this point of time will not be able to talk about that.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vainatheyan, an individual investor.  
Vainatheyan: 
Good afternoon to all of you all. I would like to just ask you whether post-merger 
the name of the company will be changed from Suven Pharma to Cohance? Or 
Cohance will be merged into Suven and Suven will be still listed on the stock 
exchange as a company entity? 
Venkat Jasti: 
That is not at all we are taking care of. This right now is, I mean, Cohance will 
be merged into the listed company. 
Vainatheyan: 
And what happens to those people who have rejected the open offer in the 
sense, want to retain their existing stake in Suven Pharma and take a chance 
as to what will like what can happen in the future? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, as released when the merger takes place, whatever happens is the swap 
ratio, the number of shares will be in the same ratio as the swap ratio and the 
evaluation has to be much higher. So, it should not be any value depletion, but 
it will be value accretion given the number of shares are less.  
Vainatheyan: 
So, that thing is assured that the investor would not lose like below this 495 or 
whatever they are offering, below this the investors would not be forced to 
actually parting their shares? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Sir, you need to look into that and that based on what you call, the merger swap 
ratios and all that stuff, that will come into the picture later. Right now, how can 
I say today, you buy not only this company, but any company also today you 
buy at X amount, tomorrow the market goes down, somebody gives you a 
guarantee. It is not like that. Why anybody will not do this for a value creation? 
This is what Advent is trying to do the value creation. Nobody wants to lose 
money, right. He will not pay like this, right, if they want to lose money. If the 
shareholder is losing, the investor is going to losing it also. So, this is not the 
intent and that’s a hypothetical question. We cannot answer at this time.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pritesh Vora from Mission Street 
India.  
Pritesh Vora: 
My question is post this acquisition, how do we minority shareholder get 
assured that whatever the merger ratio happened, because I understand our 
company has a higher EBITDA margin than the Cohance portfolio, and our 
growth rate is also much better than Cohance portfolio. So, how do we ensure 
that if the merger happens or whenever it happens is the benefit of minority 
shareholders? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. Minority shareholder by the time after the acquisition, the Suven promoters 
are also minority shareholders. I mean, this is one and the same to everyone. 

 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
See, it has to be on the valuation at that time based on the result at that time, 
not today. So, what happens in May or in April, and the results or the March will 
be the parameter. Based on that the swap ratios will be there. It is clearly 
mentioned that it will be based on the valuation from AID and merchant bankers 
will determine rest of the valuation. So, I mean, we are also in the same boat as 
the existing shareholders. So, it is nothing that we are going to wait for, I mean, 
we had to wait for the actual valuations is arrived at based on the fundamental 
which we have delivered at that time.  
Moderator: 
We have a follow up question from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital.  
Darshit Shah: 
Just wanted to know that you have been exploring this option since long and 
you have met a lot of people including few of the pharma companies, big 
pharma companies as well as strategic private equity investors. So, in that 
whole process, do you think that this according to you was the best option which 
we could get for a long-term value creation for shareholders? 
Venkatraman Sunder: Yes. I mean, you know, we at this point of time, this has been evaluated based 
on the multiple rounds of discussions we squared on with Advent given their 
various level of experience in their industry, and we felt this is the best choice 
at this point for us to grow. The future will be undervalued at the point of time 
when further plans will be revealed by Advent. Today we are talking from the 
point of view of Suven. And we cannot talk about Advent as an acquirer and 
then give their kind of options of what is the growth plan and all sort of things. 
That's why we are restricting ourselves to only focus on what we have done in 
Suven and then how we are evaluating this and then where the value addition 
or accretion which we are expecting to happen? Probably, you know, the future 
call where Advent is going to be part of it, some of these questions which may 
be returned and then they will be in a position to answer that. 
Moderator: 
We have a follow up question from the line of V. P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital 
Advisors.  
V. P. Rajesh: 
Just a suggestion, sir. If you can have Advent people on the next earnings call, 
I think it would be helpful for us to understand how they are thinking about the 
listed company and the merger with their private entity. That will be really, really 
helpful.  
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. We will certainly do that next time we have the investor call. So, we will 
include them so that you will have much more clarity. It's we don't want to give 
too much details at this time.  
Moderator: 
We have a follow up question from the line of Amar Maurya from Alfaccurate 
PMS.  
Amar Maurya: 
So, on the deal value perspective, I think everybody is concerned about that. 
So, currently, if you see, I mean, altogether what Advent has invested, at 
different period of time for creating this whole Cohance platform was around Rs. 
3,700 to Rs. 3,800 crore. And based on the FY21 or FY22 numbers, whatever 
is available from the NCA, if we give the same multiple, we get to something 
around Rs. 4,300 to Rs. 4,400 crore kind of a deal value and which basically is 
the combined is 12 times EV by EBITDA based on that. So, are you saying that 
whenever the merger happens, this is the kind of a valuation which will be 
evaluated for the Cohance platform to get merged with Suven?  
Venkat Jasti: 
That's not the way you had to look at it. I mean, you are bringing some unlisted 
versus the listed and all that stuff. Now you have to wait until the actual things 

 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
will come out and this is not the right time. We are only trying to sell the stake 
at this time, and it has to consummate. Then only these activities happens, and 
it will be done through a merchant banker, independent merchant banker and 
we are also as like any other shareholders, we are also the shareholders, and 
we will be looking after the shareholders' value also when the swap ratio is 
arrived at. So, right now it is beyond me to give you all these answers, and the 
next time we meet, we will have the Advent people also on our call, so you will 
have much better clarity. But you have to wait for things to happen. You cannot 
leapfrog and get the estimates everything today itself. The idea is to have 
independent banker's valuation based on the fundamental at the time of merger 
application is filed and the swap ratio is determined. And we are there along 
with other shareholders to protect ourselves.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pankaj Gupta from Ratnabali 
Securities Private Limited.  
Pankaj Gupta: 
Sir, I will repeat what my earlier participants have said, if you would be able to 
arrange a call with Advent International at the earliest. Also, I would like to say, 
sir, if in principle, decision of the mergers have been taken by both Suven and 
the Advent, and we know that Suven Pharma have a long history, and also the 
Advent and its entities like Avdoo, ZCL, and Cohance also have a presence for 
quite long. So, may be one-year numbers of EBITDA or whatever you are saying 
shouldn't make so much of a difference, and as an investors in your company, 
our fortune will be dependent upon the kind of merger ratios which would be 
chalked out. So, I again request that if you could arrange a call with Advent at 
the earliest, it would be helpful.  
Venkatraman Sunder: We will pass this information to Advent team.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of C Srihari from PCS Securities.  
C Srihari: 
Basically, thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. Number one, what 
is the kind of technology that would be available to Suven by virtue of the 
acquisition? And secondly, a hypothetical question. if this platform had been 
available to you earlier, what is the kind of incremental growth you could have 
possibly had?  
Venkat Jasti: 
In the pharmaceuticals, technology is similar, but it is only the focusing which 
side of the spectrum you want to do the business, the value-added side or few 
generics side. That's what it is. That will determine. Technology should not be 
question. Here the capabilities and capacities is the one that counts, and the 
focus in which direction you are moving. That's all it counts. What is the second 
question? 
C Srihari: 
The second one was a hypothetical. So, let's say, you know, if all these inputs 
were available to you, then what could Suven's numbers would have been vis-
à-vis let's say with respect to the current numbers? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, and I really think at this time, and we are focusing until this acquisition takes 
place and exclusively on Suven only, and only post that we can do that and the 
strategies and all other things which we can talk about it in the next conference 
call where we also will involve the Advent people. So, the ratios and the 
rationale and all that stuff in addition to what we are bringing to the table, they 
also can bring to the table. Global footprint they can bring to the table. So, they 
can explain you much better and let us not draw to conclusions at this time. I 
think we would like to wait for the next opportunity. Right now, we are telling the 
rationale and that's where we are.  

 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
C Srihari: 
Could you please tell us the capacity utilization of the various verticals? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. As I said earlier, we have not gone to such kind of this thing. At this time 
we are in the process of signing the sale purchase agreement. Only when it 
comes to the next level, we will go into all those details. 
C Srihari: 
No, sir, I meant to say, what is the current capacity utilization? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I am not talking about some other company at this time, sir. We are not taking 
into account the combined, we have not started any activities yet.  
C Srihari: 
I mean, for Suven as a standalone entity, what is the current capacity utilization? 
Venkat Jasti: 
100%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand over the conference 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Thank you, everyone, for tuning in to this event that happened today in the 
Advent acquiring 50% of the stake, a significant majority stake in the 
pharmaceutical company with an intent to have a global footprint by making this 
the third largest CDMO out of India giving more offerings to the global 
pharmaceutical industry and making this value accretive both to the customers 
and to the stakeholders. And this will have many milestones to achieve. First, it 
has to go through the CCI and DOP approvals and then the share purchase has 
to happen. Then the open offer has to happen. Then only the Advent will come 
into the picture, and then at that time, we will explore the possible major aspects 
which is going to be in our thought process. So, with this, I thank you each and 
every one and hope to catch up with you next time where we will involve Advent 
people also so we have much more clarity by that time. Thank you for listening.  
Please note:  
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much 
of the content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
 
