Date: 141h February, 2023 
To, 
The Manager, 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
The Manager, 
Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Re: 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Script Code & ID: 534369 I TBZ 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the I vestors I Analysts on 
Friday, 1 01h February, 2023 at 3.00 p.m. (1ST). A copy of transcript of conference call 
held with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also been 
put up on the Company's Website at www.tbztheoriginal.com.The audio recording of 
the Conference call was submitted to the Stock Exchanges on 1 01h February, 2023. 
We further confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared I 
discussed in the meeting I call. 
The transcript is available on the following weblink: 
Web link: https://www .tbztheoriginal.com/storage/TBZ-Transcript-Concall( 1 0-02-23).pdf 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
Niraj Oza 
Head - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
TRIBHOVANDAS BHIMJI lAVER! LTD. 
CIN No: L27205Mf-12007PLC172598 
Regd Office 241/243. Zoven Bazar. Mumbo1- 400 002. Tel.: .,.91 22 3956 5001 91 22 4046 5001 
corp ornce· lim floor wesT W1ng, Tulslurll Cllurr1t.Jers, flee P1ess Journal Rouu, NarinKJn fvlllf. MuiTitJu 
400 021 
Tel. 022 3073 5000, 91 22 4925 5000 
'vVIMN .Tbztheong~nol. com 
NIRAJ 
ROHITKU
MAR OZA
Digitally signed by NIRAJ ROHITKUMAR 
OZA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=4ae838cce10fe9e4890967de6
a5315b6a38de58054826f8ea04d99fefd
d9e13f, postalCode=400075, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=860f1bde68e9c4b56f56e
7997bf42b1b51528bc5658d661830af5
beb648ddbe7, cn=NIRAJ ROHITKUMAR 
OZA 
Date: 2023.02.14 16:02:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 6 
 
 
 
 
 
“Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
. Q3 & 9MFY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. BINAISHA ZAVERI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR - 
TRIBHOVANDAS BHIMJI ZAVERI LIMITED 
MR. MUKESH SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TRIBHOVANDAS BHIMJI ZAVERI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SONAM RAGHUVANSHI – DICKENSON 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 6 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Q3 &9MFY 
23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sonam Raghuvanshi from Dickenson. Thank you, and 
over to you, madam 
Sonam Raghuvanshi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings call of Tribhovandas 
Bhimji Zaveri Limited for Q3 and 9MFY '23. Today, on this call, the management of TBZ 
Limited will be represented by Ms. Binaisha Zaveri, Whole-time Director; and Mr. Mukesh 
Sharma, Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I would like to remind you that the remarks 
made today might include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially 
from those contemplated by the forward-looking statement. Any statements made today on this 
call are based on our assumptions as on date. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to the management. Over to you, Binaisha. Thank you. 
Binaisha Zaveri: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you to the Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited Earnings 
Call for Q3 and 9MFY23. Thank you for joining us here today. To start with, we are delighted 
to announce that this quarter demonstrated solid growth in our financial performance. We saw a 
6% revenue growth in Q3 FY'23 and a 37% growth in 9MFY23. The company experienced 
higher footfalls and sales traction in this quarter, backed by rising consumer demand during the 
festive and wedding season. This accomplishment was achieved despite wide fluctuations in the 
gold rate and hard-hitting competition leading to aggressive price discounting seen within the 
industry during the festive season. 
Furthermore, this quarter saw the inauguration of the Lila and Maya collections, which garnered 
an overwhelming response from customers. The positive traction received from the wedding 
season affirms the quality of our new design, which was supported by our robust marketing 
initiatives. During the quarter, we received 80,000 walk-ins with more than 50% of them being 
new customers. We continue to launch promotional offers like No Making on Diamond 
Jewellery and Lowest Gold Rate. A new advertising campaign with our Brand Ambassador Sara 
Ali Khan also went live in Q3 with 4.1 million views recorded on social media platforms. 
We are collaborating continuously to create niche and more relatable content for the younger 
generation. The company is focusing on deepening our digital engagement with our loyal 
consumer base through various social media and also offering information on our latest designs, 
offers and promotional discounts. Looking into Q4 FY23 and the future, our growth strategy is 
centred on increasing customer engagement, generating healthy profits, acquiring new 
customers and penetrating further into promising markets by opening new stores. This will 
introduce greater operational efficiencies within our business model. We are also committed to 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 6 
 
driving forward greater brand differentiation through innovation in our design brand sales 
campaign. 
I would thank you all for joining us on this call today and now handing over the call to our CFO, 
Mr. Mukesh Sharma. Thank you. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Binaisha. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to begin with the key highlights 
for Q3 & 9MFY23. I will first read out the quarter numbers and then nine months' numbers for 
ease of reference. In Q3FY23 revenue numbers achieved is INR 812 crores, vis-a-vis INR 762 
crores in Q3FY22 with a Y-o-Y growth of 6%. In Q3FY23, gross profit achieved is INR 81 
crores as against INR 79 crores during the same period last year with a Y-o-Y growth of 2%. 
In Q3FY23, EBITDA achieved is INR 43 crores vis-à-vis INR 37 crores during the same period 
last year with a Y-o-Y growth of 17%. The EBITDA in Q3FY23 stands at 5.3% as against 4.9% 
during the same period in the last financial year. In Q3FY23, profit before tax achieved is INR 
26.7 crores vis-a-vis INR 23.5 crores during the same period last year. The PBT margin 
percentage in Q3FY23 stands at 3.3% as against 3.1% during the same period in the last financial 
year. 
Now I will read out the nine months performance of the company. In the period ended December 
2022 the revenue number achieved is INR 1,929 crores vis-a-vis INR 1,412 crores in the same 
period of FY22 with a Y-o-Y growth of 37%. The gross profit achieved is INR 201 crores vis-
a-vis INR 152 crores during the same period in last year with a Y-o-Y growth of 32%. The 
EBITDA achieved is INR 85 crores vis-à-vis INR 57 crores during the same period last year 
with Y-o-Y growth of 49%. 
The EBITDA percent to the revenue stands at 4.4% as against 4% during the same period in the 
last financial year. The PBT achieved is INR 38 crores as against INR 20 crores during the same 
period in the last financial year. The PBT margin percentage achieved is 2% as against 1.4% 
during the same period in the last financial year. 
I would now like to invite everyone for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. 
Raaj: 
Yes. I wanted to know what your FY24 is going to look like? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
We are very bullish on FY24 numbers as well. The budgeting exercise is currently on, and we 
are looking forward a minimum of 25% to 30% growth in the revenue numbers. 
Raaj: 
And how about the number of stores you are planning to launch? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Number of stores currently- we are at 32 stores. The work is on. We have not yet firmed up the 
number of stores, but hopefully, we will see an increase in the number of stores as well. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 6 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Neha Sharma: 
So my question was somewhat related. So I just wanted to understand what is your vision regards 
expanding the number of franchises and going forward in FY '24? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yeah. We have currently three franchisees, which are operating and we have got more than 15 
franchisee requests received. A lot of people are showing interest to open TBZ stores. We are 
carefully evaluating the market as well as the franchisee strength. The numbers are not yet firmed 
out. We will be able to discuss that later, but we are hopeful to increase the business through the 
franchisee route. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. 
Gunit Singh: 
You mentioned that you are expecting a growth of about 20% to 30% for the financial year '24. 
So I just want to understand how you're coming up with such projections. What are your plans 
to reach this, given that there is not much clarity on how many stores or whether the stores are 
opening in the next year or not? So I just want to understand what will drive this growth. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yeah. As I said, the work is on. We have got a lot of franchisee interest who are showing interest 
in opening new stores. Since the budgeting work is on and the prima facie number in the budget 
is around 25% to 30% growth. This include both organic and inorganic growth put together. 
Gunit Singh: 
So major growth would be from new stores as well as the franchise that are coming up, all right. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saloni Davishi from Val-Q Investments. 
Saloni Davishi: 
My question is- there is a lot of noise around the market that the wedding season has shifted 
from quarter three to quarter four. So can you just give some light on how much of quarter three 
faced this and how are you seeing quarter four as of now? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yeah. So see, in the jewellery industry, wedding and related occasion buy is always high. As an 
industry, we always see more than 60% of sales contribution through wedding and occasion-
related buys. Quarter three has always been a wedding season and some months of quarter four 
are also a wedding season, and there's a huge contribution of the wedding and occasion-related 
buys that are always there across the jewellery industry. In the case of TBZ, we are among the 
top jewellery retailers in India who have a large contribution of wedding and occasion-related 
buys. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Yadav, an Individual Investor. 
Rahul Yadav: 
Can you highlight what the sales contribution from our franchisees is in the current quarters? 
And can you explain the franchise model in more detail? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 6 
 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yeah. The franchisee contribution right now is very less. It's hardly 3.5% of the overall sales of 
the division. We have right now three franchisees who are operating out of a total of 32 stores. 
Sorry, what was your second question Rahul? 
Rahul Yadav: 
Second is on the gold metal loans- where do we stand now? And what are the expectations ,that 
we want to close in next quarter? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
So in the gold metal loan –we have come down from INR 508 crores at March 31 to INR 488 
crores as on December 31st  in terms of the total borrowing. 50% of that is gold metal loan, which 
is around INR 244 crores approximately. 
Rahul Yadav: 
One more question. In the expansion plan, where are we heading? And what is our target for 
next quarter and the next financial year, how many stores are we targeting and in which part of 
the country? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yeah. So we may end up with 32 stores in this financial year. However, the work is on in terms 
of adding a few more stores, which may be primarily through the franchise route. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Neha Sharma: 
This is Neha here, again. I just had a couple of more questions.  
 
Neha Sharma: 
Yeah. How do you see the demand on the ground? I'm more interested to know the details of 
client interaction, the footfall pattern, purchasing pattern, or any other change in the customer 
buying pattern or something, in brief basically, I want to know the top-down view on customer 
pattern and behaviour. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yeah. I think this is a very wide question, Neha. I'll try to answer it from a limited perspective 
of footfall. We have seen a huge amount of footfall growth as the Whole-time Director Ms. 
Binaisha Zaveri has read out that 80 lakh customers have walked in quarter 3. There are 40 lakh 
views on social media, and there are around 1.2 crores customers who are viewers who are 
engaging with various digital ads. 
And many of them are converting into actual footfall in our stores. So from the footfall 
perspective, there's a huge amount of new customer gains, 50% of the customers who are 
walking are the new customers, which we are gaining out of the market. 
Neha Sharma: 
So I just had one or two more questions if I'm allowed to ask. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yes, please. 
Neha Sharma: 
Yeah. So can you share some highlights about the wedding season sale. Is it as per our 
expectation? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 6 
 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yeah. So it's very difficult to categorize a sale as a wedding season. As I said that in the jewellery 
industry, as an industry, majority of the sales, more than 50% or around 60% sales comes from 
the wedding as well as occasion-related buys. TBZ is also among the top jewellery retailers in 
India, where the wedding and occasion-related buys contribute a significant amount of sales. So 
categorization exactly related to weddings- there's no fixed mechanism. 
Neha Sharma: 
All right. I just had one last question. Can you share the margin guidance for the coming quarter? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
The margin would be slightly better than quarter three, what we are seeing currently. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining the call. Please contact Dickenson World or us directly 
if you have any further queries. I wish you all a great evening. Stay safe, and we can now close 
the call. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
