SHOPPERS STOP 
 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
Registered & Service Office : Umang Tower, 5th Floor, Mindspace, Off. Link Road,  Malad (W), Mumbai 400 064, Maharashtra. 
T 022- 42497000 CIN : L51900MH1997PLC108798. Email : customercare@shoppersstop.com  Website: www.shoppersstop.com 
Toll Free No.:1800-419-6648 (9 am to 9 pm). 
 
SEC/23/2023-24       
 
 
 
 
                                 
                         May 03, 2023 
 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001. 
Stock Code  : 532638  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051. 
Stock Symbol : SHOPERSTOP  
 
Dear Sir /Madam 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q4 FY23  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company had filed letters ref. no. SEC/10/2023-24 dated April, 20, 2023 in respect of the analyst / investors 
conference call and ref. no. SEC/ 20/2023-24 dated April 27, 2023  in respect of Audio Recording of analyst / investors 
conference call, on Thursday, April 27, 2023 11:00 a.m IST to discuss the corporate performance for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
In respect of the same and as required under Regulation 46, we are pleased to submit herewith the transcript 
of the earnings conference call held on April 27, 2023. The same is simultaneously being made available on the 
website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thank you.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
 
Vijay Kumar Gupta 
Vice President- Legal, CS & Compliance Officer   
ACS No: 14545 
 
Encl: aa 
 
 
VIJAY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
VIJAY KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2023.05.03 
21:05:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
            
    
 
 
“Shoppers Stop Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENU NAIR – CUSTOMER CARE ASSOCIATE – 
MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
 
MR. KARUNAKARAN MOHANASUNDARAM – 
CUSTOMER CARE ASSOCIATE – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
 
MR. JAIPRAKASH MAHESHWARI – CUSTOMER CARE 
ASSOCIATE – VICE PRESIDENT – FINANCE AND 
ACCOUNTS – SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MAMTA SAMAT – PERFECT RELATIONS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Shoppers Stop Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Mamta Samat from Perfect Relations Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Mamta Samat: 
Thanks Ryan. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the Shopper Stop Q4 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us the senior management represented by Mr. 
Venu Nair, Customer Care Associate, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. 
Karunakaran Mohanasundaram, Customer Care Associate, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. 
Jaiprakash Maheshwari, Customer Care Associate, Vice President, Finance and Accounts. We 
will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management, after which we will have the 
forum open for the interactive Q&A session. 
I must remind you that the discussion in today's earnings call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be viewed therefore in conjunction with the risks that the company 
faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter and yearly performance and to strategic 
questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with the IR team. 
I would now request Mr. Venu Nair for the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Venu Nair: 
Thank you, Mamta and Rohan. Good morning, friends. Thanks for joining us today to discuss 
our financial results for the fourth quarter of FY '23. Along with me, I have Karuna, our CFO, 
and Jaiprakash, our FP&A lead. It may sound as a cliché, but we have achieved our highest 
quarterly sales for eight consecutive periods now. Our other KPIs such as gross margin, EBITDA 
and PBT have significantly improved versus last year. Our Q4 and full year results, investor 
deck and press release have been shared on our website and the stock exchanges. I'm sure you 
would have read this. 
Let me now talk about the Q4 performance and the way ahead. I will also brief on the full year 
numbers as we go along. In these slightly muted times, we have been growing and achieved our 
highest sales for the quarter. As I had said in my last quarterly speech, we witnessed moderation 
post-Diwali. December and January were better. The Indian economy is showing signs of 
resilience while the global uncertainty remains. 
Geographically, all the leading indicators are pointing towards sustained momentum in 
economic activity in the country. However, higher inflation in advanced economies and 
tightening financial conditions in India has had some impact on demand, particularly in Tier 2 
and Tier 3 cities. Last year, during these times, we were witnessing pent-up demand in March 
and April, and that has been considerably moderated this year. This has impacted our sales in 
February and March. However, we have seen green shoots in April, and I will speak about that 
in the way forward. That background, we had robust sales growth of 32%. Our gross margin 
improved by 120 basis points, and we posted EBITDA of INR55 crores against a loss of INR13 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
crores for the similar period last year. Our EBITDA also included other income, which has been 
marginally higher against last year. This is due to the increase in the income from our loyalty 
program and the income we received from banks and vendors standing sharing of our physical 
statement.  
Income from our loyalty members is the highest in the history of the company in this quarter. 
Elaborating on the other KPIs, our average transaction value, or ATV grew by 6% versus last 
year due to the mix of customers purchasing bridge-to-luxury products. I must flag that this is 
now the 12th quarter of consecutive growth in our ATV year-on-year. Our ASP grew by 7%, 
and the ASP growth is driven by product mix and not just price. We are conscious of 
premiumization, which is in line with our strategy. Our items per bill versus FY '22 remain flat. 
Just to remind you, Mar'22 did have pent-up sales most proven. And our overall count of bills 
increased by 27% versus last year. These significant improvements in KPIs indicate the strong 
undercurrent of the business and our ability to deliver reserves for nine consecutive quarters 
now. 
Let me share some details on the operational costs. On a like-for-like basis, our costs have 
increased by 13%. The biggest increase from is from investments in marketing, which grew by 
41%, both online and off-line. On an organic basis, in addition to marketing, other costs such as 
rent, electricity has increased due to the opening of newer stores in Q3 and Q4. These are the 
investments that we make to deliver a sustained growth. Having said this, we have been 
extremely prudent on the discretionary spend, and we did not spend unless there is a marked 
reserve. With the strong sales and tight control on cost during the quarter, we reported an 
EBITDA of INR55 crores as mentioned before. On GAAP financials, our EBITDA grew by 
86%. 
During the quarter, we opened two new departmental stores and 1 beauty store. As always, due 
to regulatory approvals, opening of stores has got delayed, and we have now opened one in the 
month of April, and we will have a second one in the first week of May. For the full year, we 
reported revenue of INR5,066 crores, an increase of 63% over last year. Our private brand 
reported sales of INR723 crores, an increase of 70% and beauty, an increase of 54%. For the full 
year, we reported EBITDA of INR324 crores at PBT of INR178 crores and a profit after tax of 
INR121 crores. I'm happy to say that these are the highest numbers on all the parameters in the 
history of Shoppers Stop. From operations, I will now go on to the performance of each of our 
strategic pillars. 
The first strategic pillar of first citizen. It would be fair to say that the success of Shopper Stop 
has always been scripted by our first citizen loyal customers. It's no different this time, too. The 
demand for personalized retail experiences is growing. Our customers now expect fashion and 
beauty retail businesses to accommodate their preferences with brands turning to technology to 
reshape their customer experience. At Shoppers Stop, we have been dialing up the personal 
experiences and personalization. We have always been as a pioneer in offering innovative 
experiences and personalization. Due to the sustained and multiple engagements with our 
customers, our loyalty contribution has been sustained at 75% and above. For the fourth quarter, 
our loyal members contributed to 77% of our total business. Specifically on our first citizen 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
Black Card, our average bill value has doubled from the normal customers and that the total 
shopping is 4x that of a normal member. Our base increase on Black Card has been consistently 
in double digits, and that's the same this quarter as well. 
Shoppers Stop has believed in creating value for its customers, a calendar of customer 
engagement activities for our first citizen Black Card members, which included adventure and 
sports like Golfing Sundays, sailing Sundays, Cocktail mixing event , farm-to-fork experience, 
Grapes Stomp-Wine Carnival and shopping extravaganzas that included exclusive shopping 
hours for Gudi Padwa and Ugadi have all been special occasions created for our Black Card 
customers. Apart from the Black Card and the growth in our Black Card customers, the other 
segment that we specifically targeted in the last quarter was inactive customers or inactive loyal 
members who haven't visited us for a while. I'm delighted to say that we had a 30% redemption 
on the inactive member base of over 300,000 customers that we had targeted, and this increased 
the revenue by 3% for the quarter. 
Moving on to the second strategic pillar of private brands. Our private brands grew by 35% 
during the quarter. We achieved INR158 crores in revenue for the quarter and INR723 crores 
for the full year. This is the highest annual sales that we have achieved in the history of Shopper 
Store. For year-to-date, we grew by 70% on private brands. And we've had a growth of circa 
30% in all the four quarters during the year. Our private brand share has been 13.5% for the 
quarter, an increase of 30 basis points versus FY'22. And for the full year, it is 14.3%, an increase 
of 60 basis points. On share of Apparels for the quarter, it is at 20%. And for the full year, it is 
slightly higher at 20.3%. 
During the quarter, we launched a new private brand called U R You, a brand focused on the 
plus size and this has been received extremely well, and we have now after the initial pilot, 
expanding it to over 50 stores. Our “STOP” brand is the single largest brand in the business and 
crossed INR200 crores and second largest brand “Life” crossed INR100 crores during the year. 
Our newly launched private brand “Bandeya” recorded robust sales and was one of the best-
performing brands in the menswear category. 
Moving to the third pillar of beauty. And beauty had one of good quarters. During the quarter, 
our beauty sales registered INR197 crores, a growth of 29%. Again, this is the highest sales 
probably in the quarter. Our overall mix of beauty sustained at 17%. Hyper-personalization is 
critical for beauty. We had endeavored to make a difference of the omnichannel experience that 
we are able to offer because of the large physical presence that we have in our stores. We did 
112,000 makeovers during the quarter, which helped us to increase the sales by INR40 crores. 
As you would appreciate, Makeover is a very personal engagement with our customers, and this 
is something which we are dialing up consistently. 
For the year, we did more than 400,000 makeovers. And this is helping us to increase the loyalty 
of our beauty customers. We launched 40 new SKUs in our private brand Arcelia, and the growth 
of Arcelia is very encouraging. On our distribution business, we added three international 
businesses into our exclusive range of brands that we offer into the country. We now have 15 
premium exclusive brands through our distribution business. And we have now tied up with over 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
10 key retailers, and we expect few more during this coming quarter, growing our distribution 
business robustly. Finally, we opened one beauty store during the quarter, and we have also now 
launched our exclusive beauty site SS Beauty, ssbeauty.in as well as the app called SS Beauty, 
which has been passed for our first citizen. 
Moving to our next pillar of omnichannel. We are one of the first companies to invest in 
omnichannel, and we have continuously improved on the customer experience. As I just 
mentioned, the newest addition into that channel is SS Beauty. And it is a channel specific for 
our beauty customers in complementing the SS Beauty standalone stores that we have. Our 
growth through the digital sales through the digital channels continue to be robust and registered 
double-digit increase. As I have mentioned in the past, we have moved away from measuring 
digital sales separately as we are an omnichannel retailer and what we look at is the complete 
experience that we offer to our customers. 
Moving on to expansion and working capital. Expansion is a key focus for us and a big growth 
engine. For the third consecutive year, we have now opened more than 10 department stores. To 
be precise, we opened 11 department stores and 12 beauty stores. Of the above 11, three are in 
metro cities and eight in Tier 1, Tier 2 cities. Apart from the new stores, we also renovated 11 
department stores and the capex for all of this has been funded by internal accruals. We have 
been expanding and growing in the cities where we do not have any store presence, and the 
growth of new customers has been very healthy in these places. 
On working capital, our inventory increased from INR363 crores to INR530 crores, an increase 
of INR167 crores. Let me elaborate on the reasons for this. First, we are in a high-growth period 
and comparing against the COVID impacted period, hence, the periods are not strictly 
comparable. We added 11 stores in FY '23 and another eight in FY '22. Increase in stores would 
automatically increase the inventory, as you would know. Further, we are growing our private 
brand business, and that requires a higher inventory. We have now onboarded beauty brands. 
And for some of the beauty brands, we have moved to an outright model, which helps us with 
higher margins. And last, some of the brands which have been converted to outright in fashion 
as well. And that's, again, margin accretive. And we are factoring in the carrying cost as we do 
that. All of this is visible in the improvement in margins that we have seen. 
To conclude, we will follow the three C’s for the Way Forward framework, consistency, 
customer centricity and capital allocation. On consistency, we have been consistently delivering 
year-on-year growth across all KPIs for the last eight quarters on revenue, PBT and margins. 
Our strategic business pillars have given consistent growth, and we will continue to focus on 
that. On the second C of customer centricity. Our customer is at the center of everything, make 
brief filing. Needless to say, due to this, we have consistently had over 75% loyal customers, 
blessing us with their custom. We have taken various customer centric initiatives thus attract 
new customers, makeovers, which are about the experiences and engagement in-store, combined 
with even in-store and active social media handles, connecting with customers consistently 
sharper targeting and enabling us to communicate the experiences and engagement that we offer 
and the personalization that comes with it. We understand the changing consumer needs and 
sharpening the offer accordingly as India gets younger. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Globally, India has the highest number of customers in the nation and as the consumer trends 
change, we are staying ahead of it. Gender fluid fashion is one of the new changing trends and 
the fact that we are a multi-category department store focused on fashion, focused on new trends 
we are benefiting from it. Combining with that and stressing on the engagement, we now have 
142 stores and the makeovers that I talked about, combined with personalization in these beauty 
stores, combining further with the SS Beauty app makes us a very strong player on beauty, 
focused on our beauty customers. 
The last C is capital allocation. We have been nimble, and we have one of the leanest balance 
sheets. Our net debt is negligible. We have repaid the term loans, and we have been investing 
completely from internal accruals or increasing our footprint across the country, existing and 
new geographies included, renovating our new existing stores, investing into digital tools and 
omnichannel experience for our customers, hence partnering with international brands to bring 
in exclusive relationships for our distribution business. And we do all of this staying prudent 
with our capital. 
Shoppers Stop is future-ready. Our strategic growth pillars is in acceleration mode or sustainable 
revenue growth. Customer footfalls have crossed three pandemic levels, and we are continuing 
to focus on increasing our conversion from the customers who come into our stores as well as 
online. As I conclude, I strongly believe that the slowness is temporary that we have seen in the 
last two-three months of February and March. We are offering for our customers a new taste for 
fashion, lifestyle and beauty needs giving an exclusive shopping experience to the customers. 
Experience and engagement is the key, and Shopper Stop is placed in a very unique position to 
be able to offer a distinctly superior experience on that. With that optimism, I conclude my 
speech, and we'll now be happy to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on gross margin, which is very much 
increasing to 43%. I mean, I was looking at last seven-year quarterly average, that comes around 
39%. So I understand that there has been improvement in the revenue mix, etcetera. But do you 
think that 41% to 43% is a sustainable gross margin given the improvement in mix that you are 
expecting even further from here going forward? 
Karuna : 
Yes, Varun, we have been consistently increasing the gross margins on a number of reasons. 
One, our private brand share is increasing. Second, we have negotiated with the vendors for 
higher margins. And third, if you remember, last year, we had a higher PICS, what we call the 
obsolescence. So that has also played some role in lower margin last year. So all these things 
factored, we should see an increase in margins, and we should be able to sustain this, Varun. 
Varun Singh: 
Sure, thank you very much. Sir, my second question is if I look at the revenue CAGR from last 
four-year perspective, I mean, correcting the base for COVID impact, so we see that revenue 
CAGR is around 4%, and the retail expansion CAGR is also around 4% CAGR. So over the last 
three years, we have added more than 30 stores. I mean back to back more than 10 store addition 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
is quite impressive. But can you also throw some light with regards to how many stores we 
would have closed over the last three years? And also maybe you can give some reasoning 
regarding why we have closed that store? And hence, I mean, around that for rationalizing or 
optimizing the store sizes, etc , that should boil down to a margin expansion thing? If you can 
give some color on this sir? 
Venu Nair: 
That's a very good question, Varun. In terms of absolute number of store closures, it is 10 
(Department Stores). And the majority of them happened during the COVID period. And 
subsequent to that, in the last year, we closed one department store. So that number of store 
closures will continue, but it will be much muted because the major loss-making ones were the 
ones that we tackled and we closed during the COVID. Obviously, these were all loss-making 
and hence helps in the overall margin expansion. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood, sir. And sir, just one last question, if I may, that in the beauty brand, given that we 
have launched online website and apps, I mean, as for the time line that you alluded during last 
quarter conference call. So sir, just wanted to understand that how are we positioning ourselves 
compared to Nykaa in the beauty space? 
Venu Nair: 
Our SS Beauty stores and the SS Beauty app is positioned sharply in the premium space of 
beauty. And what we focus on is catering to the upper middle-class customers and offering them 
a complete experience of the brands that they love as well as they would love to discover. And 
with some of the new brands that we are bringing in, focus on the premium and bridge-to-luxury 
segment, we are offering a much more curated experience for our beauty customers. 
Varun Singh: 
 
Understood, sir. That's it from my side, sir. Thank you very much and wish you all the best. 
  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pankaj from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Good morning and congratulations to the entire Shoppers Stop management team on a very 
consistent performance and delivering on what you guys had promised a couple of years back. 
As it's the year-end, it's a time for reflection and also looking forward. So going forward in the 
next couple of years, we know in team, if you can guys quantify, what are the key deliverable 
you are targeting from here on, it will be very helpful from an overall strategy perspective? And 
you talked about the three pillars, three Cs, but if you can quantify it more it will be helpful. 
Thank you. 
Venu Nair: 
Pankaj, thanks for the compliment, and I appreciate it. Over the next few quarters, our focus will 
be on implementing the strategy that we have put in place. We have a very clear strategy and the 
performance over the last two quarters is a reiteration of the success of that strategy, and we will 
continue to dwell down on that. Specifically, within each of them, private brand is our first focus, 
and we would expect to continue growing our private brands. And the private brands currently 
contribute to 14% of our sales. As we grow, we would expect that to grow ahead of the total 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
business, taking it to probably around 20% of our total sales and close to between 25% to 30% 
of our apparel sales. 
The second strategic pillar on beauty and in beauty, it is a combination of the department stores 
as well as the SS beauty stores that we have opened. And we now have 10 SS beauty stores. We 
will continue to grow on that. And along with the SS beauty stores, we will also be doing 
boutique, standalone stores for some of our key partners like Estee Lauder and going forward, 
NARS, with whom we have signed up exclusive relationships. The SS beauty app further 
enhances that customer experience and again, we would expect beauty to grow ahead of the 
company average. The third area of growth would come from expansion and new stores. And as 
a fact, we have committed to doing between 10 to 12 department stores every year and the 
pipeline for this year and next year is robust enough for us to be able to achieve that. 
Pankaj: 
Great. Just one more question, sir. In a decade, this is for the first time that you have maintained 
the ROCE, which is much higher after last year in double digits. You spoke about one of the 
things, which is capital allocation. So no, what I was saying was that after a long time, return of 
capital seems to be now looking healthy, which was not the case for almost a decade. And you 
spoke about one of the C’s, which is capital allocation, which is very closely linked to those in 
a way. Can you help us understand from that perspective, how you are looking at things going 
forward because the challenge earlier for all the shareholders have been capital allocation. So 
just can you give us some comfort on how the rules could be defended, what you have achieved 
now over the last couple of years now? 
Karuna: 
Thanks, Pankaj. . I think that's a very good question, and you almost answered when you started 
it -- our endeavor is to consistently improve the return on capital employed and return on net 
worth. In fact, if you have seen it, our balance sheet has been pretty lean, like the loans are just 
net of INR30 crores. So even on the store additions, we have been quite aggressive plus even 
the cost per square feet has also been pretty low consistently in the last 2 to 3 years. 
So to answer the question specifically, we are expecting the return of capital employed between 
20 to 25 percentage in the next 1 to 2 years.  
Venu Nair:  
Further to that Pankaj as you would have seen one of our biggest areas of capital deployment is 
on expansion and new stores. And this is an area where we have had a significant reduction in 
the spend per store. And this has been achieved by a lot of reengineering without compromising 
on the quality and actually enhancing the overall customer experiences. And I do hope you've 
had a chance to look at some of our new stores, specifically in Bombay, both R City and Bandra 
have just been renovated and worth looking at.  
To be specific, our capex spend has reduced by as much as 35% per square foot. And further to 
that, the bulk procurement that we are now enhancing on would reduce that further. In addition 
to that, we have also partnered as we go into some of the newer cities where we are negotiating 
and getting significant capex spends from the landlord. And that again helps to reduce our overall 
investment, enabling us to improve our return on capital. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Pankaj: 
Fantastic. My only worry was that in the past year, you have alluded about venturing into value 
format, couldn't that just, defocus us from the capital allocation part? And I hope you will take 
care of that. 
Venu Nair: 
Absolutely, Pankaj. The value segment is a large market and we don't play in that segment. We 
are conscious of that. We are looking at a small trial, but we'll be extremely prudent on ensuring 
that whatever growth we endeavor in that segment is done profitably. 
Pankaj: 
Thank you and all the best to the entire team. 
Venu Nair: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
 Our next question comes from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Manager. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning, team. And congratulations on a good set of numbers. So my question 
is on the overall investments other than the store capex. We have been doing this digital spend 
pre-COVID as well, the Omni-channel and then we implemented SAP HANA. And I think our 
overall digital spend has increased. Earlier you used to mention that close to 100 basis point kind 
of margin impact because of that. How much impact is there because of the same and are we 
seeing that coming down going forward? 
Venu Nair: 
The overall spend on digital has reduced in the last two quarters because a lot of the heavy lifting 
was done at the end of last year and the beginning of this year. SAP HANA and S/4HANA 
implementation is complete. And not only did we do the first phase, which was the base model, 
we also implemented the retail and finance modules of S/4HANA, which is helping our business 
and improving our efficiencies within the business. 
The SS Beauty investment is also now done. And the last area where we are now endeavoring 
is moving of the platform for shoppersstop.com where we will get the benefit of what we have 
already done on SS Beauty. And hence the total spend would be quite efficient. So to answer 
your question, the overall spend has now tapered down and we would see that in our total 
investment split. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. And sir, on the overall economics of new stores, if you can just give a sense of let's say a 
store which has completed one year, how are you seeing ramp up of the stores and from the 
payback period perspective, from capex perspective, how do you see the overall economics 
working out? 
Karuna: 
Hi, Resham. The payback period is between two to two and a half years. And we are seeing a 
good growth from year two, anywhere between 18 to 20 percentage. And also giving a decent 
return on capital employed, again, anywhere between 20 to 25 percentage from year two 
onwards. And the productivity is also close to 10% higher than the existing stores. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Perfect, sir. Thank you. 
Karuna: 
Thanks, Resham. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
 Our next question comes from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, three questions from my side. You mentioned you're going into the outright models. We 
always follow the SOR model or returnable model being a departmental store. While it has some 
positive impact on the margins, but inventory is a bigger risk for us while we already have private 
label share increasing. Just wanted to understand how, which type of, beauty and absolute brands 
are you taking on outright model? And how is the risk weighted returns, you know, you're 
calculating there? 
Venu Nair: 
The major chunk on the inventory is for our own private brand. And obviously, these are at 
significantly higher margins and we have better control on the overall supply. In the existing 
business where we have switched to outright, it is fairly limited. And it has been specific brands 
where we've had supply as an issue consistently. And hence it is to work on that where we move 
to outright. All of these brands are major, most of them come with the agreement of exchange 
of stock at the end of the period, which minimizes any risk that we would have on redundancy. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So, my second question is on your footfalls. If I look on a y-o-y basis of footfalls, customer visits 
have grown, you know, by less than 2%. On a low Omicron base where we have added 10, 11 
departmental stores, we've added SS Beauty app, and still the customer visits is, 2%-3% growth. 
Are there challenges in customer footfalls you are facing or the base was very high and hence 
we are looking at a low customer footfall in the quarter? 
Venu Nair: 
The customer, it's not footfalls, Ankit. It is a combination of eyeballs plus footfalls that we are 
seeing. As you rightly said in the base, there was a period where the stores were partially shut 
or had an impact because of COVID. And that was the period where there was a massive surge 
in terms of eyeballs online. That is the segment which was muted. Footfalls itself grew in by 
almost 40%. But again, as an omni-channel business, we measure the customers that we engage 
with across online and offline, and that is the 2% that you are seeing. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So, from an age profile of a consumer, are you getting younger customers on the platform now 
compared to the past? If you can just share that because Shoppers Stop is more from a family 
store perspective, historically. And now with more younger brands coming in the overall 
company, are you seeing that movement happening on a slower pace or at a much faster pace? 
Venu Nair: 
We do see a reduction in shopping of families and groups and a lot more of individual purchases 
that are happening. We recognize the shift in trends. And as I had mentioned in my speech, we 
are very cognizant and we continue to bring in brands, which cater to that segment. To be 
specific, we have an exclusive tie-up with good brands who are an incubator of D2C brands and 
we've got four brands, which are now in our stores or an exclusive basis. And all of them cater 
to D2C. And with these new brands coming into our stores, we attract a younger customer who 
has got used to a lot of the D2C brands. And this is an area we will continue to invest in. 
And with the exclusive partnerships, we would bring in new brands that would be right for this 
segment. If I were to elaborate further in the coming months, we are actually launching a street 
way a brand called Breakbounce. And again, it is from the house of GOAT. And Breakbounce 
is a young street wear brand, extremely popular on the D2C channels, which will, for the first 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
time, be available anywhere in the physical stores. So, we continue to bring in brands that are 
right for the younger audiences even as we see the shift in shopping happening. 
Further, the opportunity that it brings in, is also for us to be able to grow our conversions as we 
attract some of our younger customers. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. And sir, my last question is on the beauty side of the business. Now for last seven quarters 
the growth is lower to the company’s growth, which we are seeing. While we are talking a lot 
positive about beauty business, but that is not reflecting in revenue growth for the beauty, despite 
ad being launched. Despite, SS beauty in one and half years being 10-store network, so just 
wanted to know, while we had supply chain issues last two quarters. What are the other 
challenges you are facing in beauty for the growth to be above the company average? 
Venu Nair: 
The main challenge has been on the supply side only. To reiterate, beauty had made its highest 
sales ever, and it continues to grow. Can it grow faster? Yes, it could. And definitely, we are 
confident that way. The focus and the, initially at the beginning of the year, the makeup 
categories were still one of the last ones that rebounded from COVID. And a number of brands 
we are not offering makeovers and etcetera. And that continued pretty much till June, July, post 
which we had a few international brands with whom, on fragrances where we had challenges. 
And then again, in the beginning of this year, we had some challenges on a few of the makeup 
brands, which all of which has now been resolved. One of the reasons and methods we have 
chosen to mitigate this is to move to Outright. And that's something which has helped. 
Ankit Kedia: 
 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Venu Nair: 
 
Thank you, Ankit. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go head. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
I have a couple of questions, if I may. Sir, my first question is, if you can help us out what, of 
the INR200 crores capex that we have incurred during the year, if you can break it up between 
the new store openings and also in terms of the omnichannel capex that we have done or rather 
the online capex that we had done? 
Karuna: 
On the new stores. We spend around about INR82 crores. And on the stores, which we 
refurbished, we spent around about INR55 crores. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
 
And sir, the remaining would be on the omni fees there. 
Karuna:  
Not necessarily and about the digital and omni be around about INR20 crores. And there are like 
for the distribution in some of the stores about INR10 crores. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
And sir, the next question is with regards to the growth per se, if you see. on a four year CAGR 
basis, if I see for FY'23, the CAGR comes to around 4%. As  earlier participant highlighted that 
even that matches largely the store or the square footage addition. So, going ahead, also Venu 
sir mentioned in his opening remarks that you are seeing some Green Shoots in the month of 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
April. So, how one should go ahead and build growth given the fact that even the figures have 
been some single digits. And given the fact that we will be adding around 10, 12 stores every 
year, we are looking to do a 5% SSD. So, what kind of growth can we build in going ahead? 
Karuna: 
Specifically for this year, I mean, it's too early to say. We expect the overall growth  including 
the new stores should be in the mid-double digits. SSD growth should be about mid-single digits. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Mid-single digits. So the mid double-digit total growth you are saying would be including this 
mid-single-digit SSD growth, right? 
Karuna:  
 
That's right. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
 
Okay sir. Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Thank you so much. And congratulations on the strong performance. So the first question was 
on the gross margin again. You did highlight the aspects to why it has improved. Would it be 
right to say that the change in the business model or the arrangements with vendors has been a 
large part of the contributor or if I compare it on a Y-o-Y basis 
Karuna:  
Nihal, that contributed a very small percentage for this fiscal. But next year onwards, it should 
contribute probably 30 basis points to 40 basis points. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. That's helpful. Just a related question to this model change that while there has been 
a spike in inventory, there has been an increase in creditors also. So net-net, how would this end 
up impacting the working capital for the business going forward? 
Karuna:  
Specifically for this year, if you have seen there is a reduction in working capital of around about 
INR147 crores. But we have taken steps to reduce the inventory from Q1 onwards. So, we do 
expect the funding from working capital for the full year. The negative working capital should 
increase at the end of this fiscal year. 
Nihal Jham: 
Perfect. If I may, just final question. You did mention the capex per square feet for the new 
stores is down around 35%, what is the number now that we are looking at for the new stores? 
Karuna: 
Anywhere between INR2,200 to INR2,300 depending upon but then we have beauty or not. If 
we don't have beauty, it will be around about INR2,200. And if you beauty, it will be slightly 
above INR2,300. 
Nihal Jham: 
Those were helpful. I will come back in the queue. And wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Karuna  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity sir. I just wanted some sense on the growth. So, and where is 
this SSG coming from? So in this particular quarter, if I see Y-o-Y footfall is up about 2% against 
a 5% area or approximately addition. And even ATV is up about 5%. So in a way it implies that 
number of bills would have grown nearly about 25%. So that's a very significant increase 
probably in the conversion rate. So strategically, if you could just help us how, what is really 
changing that is driving this kind of an SSG. And just one follow-up here, as you mentioned 
mid-single SSGs what we are targeting going forward with 10-12 store addition in a way 
probably implying about mid to high teens growth. So, I mean, we have been having an earlier 
target to double our revenues in FY'25. So, with that kind of an SSG, probably we would need 
somewhere about mid-teens kind of SSG growth to achieve that target. So how are we seeing 
that getting achieved? 
Venu Nair: 
So the total growth, as you rightly pointed out, a combination of like-for-like growth and also 
the total. Now, as you would also appreciate with the increased number of new stores in the mix, 
it would contribute to a higher same-store growth. And we would continue to see the benefit of 
that over the next two to three years as we continue to invest into new stores. Further, the increase 
in the total bill value and it is a combination of price and volume. The price increase itself has 
been fairly plugged in terms of the product mix. And that is what has driven rather than an 
absolute increase. 
And if I were to be even more specific, the biggest increase or bulk of that increase in the price 
has come from the non-apparel category. And where we have moved to more premiumization. 
And this footwear as an example, where we've upgraded the brands that we retail, and that has 
contributed to the increase in price rather than the prices for the same product. Further, what will 
add to the growth is, apart from the new stores and department stores, the beauty stores and the 
addition of beauty stores, including our own plus the boutique stores for our brand partners that 
we talked about would contribute to accelerating that growth. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay. Just a follow-up here is, so it ATV what you mentioned, volume plus price increases. 
ATV has grown about 5%. So when I see your revenue growth in this quarter, even if I adjust 
for that ATV, it's a very significant growth in your number of bills which is nearly about 25%. 
So, I was just trying to get some sense of what would have led to this kind of a big increase in 
the despite footfalls not growing. 
Venu Nair: 
So the overall, as we said, into stores, we did have a significant increase, and we do get a much 
higher bill values in our stores compared to online. And it is that weightage, which constitutes 
that higher growth in ATV. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
And we still stick to our target of doubling revenues by FY'25, right, on an FY'20 base that we 
had earlier indicated? 
Venu Nair: 
 
It was FY'26 that we had indicated and we stick to that. 
Aliasgar Shakir:  
Okay, thank you very much. It’s very helpful. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thank you, sir for taking my question. This is regarding the capex that you mentioned. So INR82 
crores for new store additions is what I heard during the call. And this is an area addition of 
around INR2.3 lakh square feet during the year on a net basis. So this is translating into capex 
per square feet of around INR3,500 crores. But you also mentioned that the capex per square 
feet has been reduced and now it is at around INR2,200 crores to INR2,300 crores. So, just trying 
to reconcile these two data points. 
Venu Nair: 
So it is, the capex is not just the 11 department stores, it's also beauty stores. And the beauty 
stores have a, I mean these are smaller stores and also more premium. And hence, the capex per 
square foot for those stores are much higher. To recap we have opened 12 beauty stores and 11 
department stores and the spend is a combination of both put together. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. That makes sense. Just one follow-up or one more question, if I can squeeze in. I just 
missed the SS growth number reported by you for fourth quarter and full year. 
Venu Nair: 
For the fourth quarter, specifically the same-store growth is a bit complicated purely because it's 
not a true comparator. The absolute growth was 32% on last year. Again, as I said, because there 
was a period last year in the quarter where stores were partially closed. 
Sameer Gupta: 
 
Got it, sir. And that’s all for me. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
 So I have just one more question on the stores, which we are opening. So some of our peers 
have established a model whereby the full investment of the store is done by the landlord. And 
a percentage of revenue is being shared with them. And in fact, some of the stores which, where 
they have done a capex, they are transferring the complete kind of book value to the landlord 
just to free up the balance sheet. Are we experimenting with such models or seeing such kind of 
yields? 
Karuna: 
Resham, that's again a very good question. To answer your question, Yes, we are exploring 
whether we can get the partners either to partly or fully fund our capex. We've just started doing 
it for some of the new stores. So probably in three months or four months down the line, we 
should be able to give a definite answer for that. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Because I'm specifically harping on this is because one of our peers has basically 
significantly ramped up the store expansion through this model because it frees up the balance 
sheet. I don't know whether that's a correct model or not, but Yes. 
Karuna: 
Resham, to answer your question. The only the difference is the capex, what we are missing in 
our stores is anywhere between INR7 to INR10 crores depending upon the size of the store, 
depending upon the offerings what we have. And whereas the stores what you are mentioning, 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
I don't want to go to those numbers. I know the company which you are talking about. Those 
numbers are significantly different from the investments what we are making. 
Resham Jain: 
 
Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Broking Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is that we've been highlighting that 
the beauty supply chain issues would be streamlined by the fourth quarter that has gone by? And 
still you indicated that the issues are persisting. So, what is your commentary out there? And we 
shifted to the outright model, but do you see any streamlining on that side going ahead? And 
what would be the margin differential between the outright model that you end up doing? 
Venu Nair: 
So Priyanka, thanks for the question. I appreciate where you're coming from. In a rapidly 
growing market, especially in a category which is quite heavily dependent on imports, some of 
the supply chain issues would be expected  and that's something which we need to deal with. 
And the outright was one of the ways we have dealt with it. The second is moving with the 
distribution channels that we have launched and the subsidiary that we have now established, 
we are able to, again, get a better handle on our own supplies. The third area is also we are slowly 
growing on our private brand, which again helps. And fourth, also with partnering with a number 
of, where it is appropriate, which again helps the supply chain issue or mitigating against that. 
So those are the four different ways by which we are managing and ensuring that we continue 
to be on the high growth trajectory that we have embarked on for beauty. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And my second question would be that you highlighted that we have been 
resisting Green Shoots in April. So could you give us a sense like what categories are doing 
there? How is the apparel performing on board line? 
Venu Nair: 
I wouldn't want to get into specifics. It's still early days in the quarter, and it has been quite 
mixed, specifically because we are the comparative period last year was the initial surge that we 
had from pre-COVID combined and also where there has been a shift in the dates of weddings, 
etcetera. So what I would say is that we are managing to ride that and come up ahead and quite 
reasonably pleased with the way we are progressing on that. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. Thank you. That is from me. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes, sir. Congrats on a good turnaround as well as thanks for the opportunity. So you indicated 
that Feb and March were relatively slower while Jan saw a pickup in growth. So if you could 
share growth trends across the three months for March quarter individually, it would be better 
to understand the micro-weakness. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Venu Nair: 
Devanshu, if I am brutally honest, I wouldn't want to do that and the reason is because the periods 
are not comparative. Jan had end of season sale. Feb had different things going on, etcetera. So 
it won't be a true indicator and that's the reason I wouldn't want to do that. Also because as I 
said, there were two things which happened. Jan was EOSS which is normal but then in Jan 22, 
there was COVID. So the comparatives are not really true. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, sir. Sir, I wanted to understand this gross margin improvement. I know there have been 
multiple questions on this. So the drivers versus pre-COVID, our gross margins have improved 
by about 400 basis points. So you indicated one of them being private labels as well as some 
negotiations with vendors for higher margins. In my view, this 200 bps increase in private labels 
would have added about 100 basis points to your gross margins. But just if you could sort of 
help us understand the rest of the margin improvement, the drivers for the rest of the margin 
improvement? 
Karuna: 
Devanshu, thanks a lot for the question. You almost answered the question. See, as I said, private 
brand. We have negotiated better with our vendor partners. Third, most important thing is we 
also had a one-time high obsolescence last year. That has been rationalized right now. And last 
but not the least, even the discounts have been optimized over a period of time. That has also 
reduced it. Those are the three or four large reasons why the margins have improved. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Can you also from vendors, you mean your vendors for private label business or for third-party 
brands? 
Karuna: 
Both. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. Lastly, you said Tier 2, 3 is facing challenges relatively more versus Metro. But our 
expansion has been primarily in such cities. So do you foresee a change in strategy or a slowed 
expansion because of weak trends in these cities? 
Venu Nair: 
The softness that we are seeing in some of these Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, we believe is temporary 
and definitely not something which is structural. And hence, we don't see any reason for us to 
revisit our strategy of continuing to expand to markets where we are not present. Our new store 
strategy is always led by focusing on the availability of our target customer. And to remind, we 
are in the premium lifestyle space. So we are catering to the upper middle class. 
And we look for customer catchments where there is a significant presence and we are not 
present. The runway for that, the pipeline for that is very, very strong. And again, to reiterate, 
we are being quite specific in terms of the store sizes that we go for to ensure that we have great 
productivity to compensate for the target customer base being smaller as we go into some of 
these newer cities. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot for answering the questions. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Shrey from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Shrey: 
So I just wanted to understand, going back to last year, if I read your commentary, you are saying 
Jan and mid of Feb was impacted by the Omicron variant. And had that not been there, we would 
have grown by about 28 odd percent. So at that point in time, we would have given a rough 
figure of about INR100,000, INR50 crores of top line. So on that number, we've done 1,175 this 
quarter. So that comes to about 11 odd percent. So in that light, how do you see this 11% growth 
rate for your company is my first question? 
Venu Nair: 
If I heard you right, what you are referring to is the Q4 of financial year ‘22 and the guidance of 
what was the impact because of COVID and that is how we have looked at it. Is that right, Shrey? 
Shrey: 
Yes. 
Venu Nair: 
So normalizing for that, our growth continues to be robust and we are pleased with the growth 
that we have seen so far, particularly as there has been a slowdown in the market and despite 
that, we've been able to grow robustly. 
Shrey: 
All right. My last question is on your square foot addition. If I'm not wrong, last year at this 
point in time, we had about 3.72 of total retail space. And this year we are at about 3.9. So the 
net addition is about 0.18 million. So that comes to about 18,000 odd square foot in terms of 
store addition. So is my figure right or my sense is, have we renovated existing stores and cut 
their sizes or how should I look at this number? 
Venu Nair: 
I don't think your numbers are right, Shrey, and I think it might be because last, till last year, we 
were reporting the chargeable area or the super built up area, which we shifted to being carpet 
area as the industry norm. So 2,90,000 square feet is what we have added in this financial year. 
Shrey: 
Okay, I'll take it offline. Thank you. 
  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jignesh Kamani from GMO. Please go 
ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just want to know, this time winter was delayed, so 
it is anyway positive impact on the revenue and the margin. And similarly, how is the full price 
this quarter versus Y-o-Y? 
Venu Nair: 
Thanks for the compliments, Jignesh. Winter was decent without being great, if I put it that way. 
The onset of winter was delayed, and hence we could not fully maximize on what we could have 
achieved. I wouldn't want to get into the specifics of full price introduced, because that's not 
something which we would divulge. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
And any idea on how is the revenue and the profitability from the beauty distribution segment 
in the fourth quarter and some color for the next year? 
Karuna: 
We just started, Jignesh, in the month of March. We are in the process of appointing retailers. 
We have completed close to 10, and we may have to add another four or five in the next one 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
quarter. So, the sales have been negligible in the fourth quarter. This year, we expect anywhere 
between INR180 crores to INR200 crores for the full year. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Okay, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Disha Sheth from Anvil Share and Stock 
Broking Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Disha Sheth: 
Sir, when we are targeting around doubling of our turnover,  like a 15% CAGR growth. and in 
the past so many years, we have around mid-single-digit CAGR growth. So, if you can throw 
some light. I know you have answered that question, but if you can still get deeper into it, since 
we have not performed in the past, what will lead to the mid-double-digit growth, around 15%? 
Venu Nair: 
Disha, thanks for that question, and in a way you have answered your own question. But I would 
reiterate what would contribute to the growth is implementing of our strategy. Our strategy built 
on the foundation of the strong partnership that we have with our national brands, and we 
continue to grow on that bringing in great customer experience and engagement. 
Within the strategic pillars, the two – the three engines of growth that we would have are private 
brands, beauty, and omnichannel expansion across online and offline. 
Disha Sheth: 
Okay, sir. And, sir, in terms of when you said this quarter we grew 32% like-to-like growth, am 
I getting that figure right? 
Venu Nair: 
That's correct. 
Disha Sheth: 
And for FY’23, how was the like-to-like growth? 
Venu Nair: 
Again, not a true comparison. 63% was the total growth. Like-to-like was 57% growth. 
Disha Sheth: 
Okay, and, sir, since we are expanding aggressively, if we can throw some light on the debt 
requirement or we fund through internal? 
Karuna: 
Disha, We don't foresee any debt for our expansion. We should be able to fund from internal 
accruals. 
Disha Sheth: 
Okay, and yearly capex will be around? 
Karuna: 
Similar to this year, anywhere between INR160 crores to INR200 crores, Yes, that's right. 
Disha Sheth: 
Okay, sir, thank you. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. So there's always a tradeoff 
between private-label strategy, which is positive on margins, but kind of legalizing on inventory 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
days. So if I look at our numbers also on a four-year CAGR basis, that from 19 to 23, for roughly 
4.5%, 5% CAGR growth, our inventory has grown at somewhere around 8%, 9% CAGR. 
So just wanted to understand, though the benefits are visible at margin front, but how would you 
like to manage it on an absolute basis? On an overall working capital, we are managing, but on 
an inventory-days basis, how are you planning to manage that? 
Karuna: 
I did not get the numbers. Are you saying that the private brands have 5% CAGR? 
Tejas Shah: 
No, sir. Overall, the value of growth for 5% -- our inventory growth is somewhere around 8% 
CAGR from ‘19 to ‘23. 
Karuna: 
I agree. That's what Venu spoke at the beginning of the meeting. Our inventory is higher. Let's 
understand the constitution of the business. We have close to two-thirds as SOR and one-third 
as OR. We are focused on the OR inventory, where it's a paid inventory, three or four reasons. 
Our private brand has been growing between 50% to 70% last year, so that inventory will be 
higher. 
Second, we also spoke about some of the shift in model on apparel and beauty, and that's the 
reason the inventory is higher. In fact, the inventory CAGR is significantly lower than the private 
brand CAGR, what we have achieved in growth. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. But, sir, how should we think about this in the next two, three years? Will it remain at the 
same percentage, or because the strategy shift is there, it will accelerate in this direction further? 
Karuna: 
A bit difficult to answer that question, Tejas, because the dynamics are completely different. As 
we continue to grow in the private brand, the inventory will be higher, and largely depends on 
what our private brand share and the growth for the next two to three years. 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay. So, sir, let me start this off. So, our ROI on private brand business is really higher because 
the inventory deployment is higher versus our third-party brands? 
Karuna: 
The net margin, what we are getting from the private brand is also higher, and commensurate 
with the investments, what we are making? 
Tejas Shah: 
Yes, sir, but that's what I'm saying, that the higher margin compensates for higher inventory, so 
does it culminate into better ROI for the rest of the business? 
Venu Nair: 
It more than covers up for it, and hence the investment is definitely worthwhile, and we are quite 
pleased as well as delighted with the progress we are making on that. Further to that, I think the 
other point which is also worth calling out is that as we grow our private brands, it also brings 
in the customer, giving them a different reason to come into our stores. So, combining with the 
national brands and international brands, our own exclusive brands, gives a different reason for 
the customer to walk into our stores. 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay, sir. Thanks a lot. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yash Bajaj from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, just trying to dive a little more deeper on the private 
brand business. So, I just wanted to understand versus our third-party brands, what is the 
positioning of our private brands in terms of the style and the pricing? That is my first question. 
Venu Nair: 
So, Yash, our positioning of our private brand is in the good segment within our stores and online 
and it complements the national and international brands that we have. We are very clear that 
we don't want our private brands to be competing, but should be complementary to what we 
already offer, and hence widening the choice that we are giving to our customers. 
To evaluate, to delve further into it, each of our brands caters to a lifestyle need. The brand ethos 
is very clearly defined, and it is within the framework of that brand ethos that the brand grows 
to. If I were to, again, explain that even a little bit more, Life is one of our larger brands, not the 
largest, but one of our larger brands. It's very clearly defined as a denim casual wear brand, and 
that's what the brand would cater to. 
And this is one of the significant shifts which we have made over the last two to three years, 
where the definition of each brand has been sharpened, and by doing that, it is addressing a 
specific lifestyle need of every customer who walks in, and it is doing that by being better value 
within the box compared to the more well-known national and international brands that we 
would have in our stores. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Okay, got it, sir. And my second question was, so the stores which we are adding, we are 
aggressively adding more and more stores in Tier 2 and 3. So would the offering of the, or the 
mix of private and third party be different for a Tier 2, Tier 3 versus a metro Tier 1? 
Venu Nair: 
The mix of brands that we would have in a new store is very strictly guided by the catchment 
that we are going into, and the propensity to spend of the customers in that catchment. Having 
said that, the mix of private brands would be slightly higher than what we would have in the 
more established markets. 
Yash Bajaj: 
The more established markets? 
Venu Nair: 
Yes, the established stores that we have. When I said markets, I meant the stores that we already 
have. We do see that in our newer stores, the contribution of our private brands tends to be fairly 
high, much higher than what we would have in our current stores. And this is further accentuated 
by the fact that we are opening more compact stores, and the split or percentage mix of private 
brand within these compact stores would be even higher. 
Yash Bajaj: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Padmini Dhruvaraj from Infomist. Please 
go ahead. 

       
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Padmini Dhruvaraj: 
Okay, so I wanted to ask if you are planning to explore more in e-commerce, maybe by 
partnering with some of the brands or Flipkart? 
Venu Nair: 
As of now, our brands are available on Amazon and we are focused on shoppersstop.com. As 
we have always emphasized, we have moved from a brick and mortar retailer to being an omni-
channel retailer, and we offer a seamless offer across shoppersstop.com and our own stores for 
our customers to shop from. In addition to that, we are currently present on Amazon, and while 
we wouldn't rule out further partnerships, really our focus will be on shoppersstop.com. 
Padmini Dhruvaraj: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our last question from the line of Akshay Krishnan from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I'm just trying to understand what will be the contribution or 
the quantum of the bonus that we receive from the brands at the end of FY’23? Because I think 
my understanding is that we get a bonus from these branded players once we achieve a certain 
target of volumes at Q4, Q3, every FY? 
Karuna: 
Akshay, thanks for that question, Akshay. They are all completely confidential, and we can't 
share because we do have a confidentiality agreement with vendors. All I can say is they are 
consistent. It's not something that has happened only this year. It was there this year. We 
achieved the target last year, that is FY’23. We got it. And we also have targets for this year, 
and if we achieve the targets, we'll get this year.  
Akshay Krishnan: 
So one final question, sir. So we just had -- with our ATV around 4,000 plus odd and our ASP 
around 1,500, is there any stress level that you're finding in any ticket size, say like maybe 
between the 2,000-3,000 range or like in sub-thousand ranges as the consumer listing their store? 
Venu Nair: 
We've now had 12 quarters of consecutive growth in the ATVs, and we are not seeing any 
resistance at any particular price point. As I would want to emphasize, the growth in the ATVs 
is mainly because our customers are blessing us with more business. There has been some 
increase because of price, but that again is not just a price for same product, but because of the 
product mix. So to answer specifically your question, none that we have noticed. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached to the end of the question-and-answer 
session. And on behalf of Shopper's Shop Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
