 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: MGL House, Block G-33, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
T + 91 22 6678 5000 | E info@mahanagargas.com | W www.mahanagargas.com | CIN L40200MH1995PLC088133 
An ISO 9001, 14001 & 45001 Certified Company 
 
Ref: MGL/CS/SE/2023/460 
 
 
 
 
                   Date: 09th February 2023 
 
To,  
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited  
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 539957; MGL 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra –Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400051 
Script Symbol: MGL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and 
nine months ended 31st December 2022 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we submit herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited 
Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December 2022 held on 03rd February 2023. 
 
The transcript of the Earnings Conference Call uploaded on the website of the Company can be accessed 
through 
the 
web 
link: 
https://www.mahanagargas.com/UploadAssets/UploadedFiles/_mgl-q3fy23-
earnings-call-transcript_89aff689ff.pdf  
 
The Earnings Conference Call was attended by following attendees on behalf of the Company: 
 
Name of Management Attendees 
Designation 
Mr. Ashu Shinghal 
Managing Director 
Mr. Rajesh Patel
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Rajesh Wagle 
Senior Vice President, Marketing 
 
Further, we wish to inform that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/ discussed in the 
call. 
 
We request you to take the above information on your records.  
 
For Mahanagar Gas Limited 
 
 
 
Atul Prabhu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
ATUL 
TRIMBAK 
PRABHU
Digitally signed 
by ATUL TRIMBAK 
PRABHU 
Date: 2023.02.09 
18:10:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Mahanagar Gas Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHU SHINGHAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH WAGLE – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
(MARKETING), MAHANAGAR GAS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VARATHARAJAN SIVASANKARAN– ANTIQUE 
STOCK BROKING 
 
 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Mahanagar Gas Limited third quarter FY23 
earnings conference call hosted by Antique Stockbroking. As a reminder all participant lines are 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Varatharajan from Antique 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Varatharajan S.: 
Thank you Rico. A very good evening, everyone. I'd like to welcome all the participants as well 
as the management of Mahanagar Gas represented by Ms. Ashu Shinghal – Managing Director, 
Mr. Rajesh Patel – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajesh Wagle – Senior Vice President, 
Marketing. I'd like to request Mr. Ashu Shinghal to provide a brief and then we can move on to 
the Q&A. 
Runjhun Jain: 
Thank you, Varatharajan. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements 
made in today's discussion are maybe forward-looking in nature and we believe that the 
expectations contained in this statement are reasonable. However, these statements involve a 
number of risks and uncertainties that may lead to different results. The risks and the 
uncertainties related to these statements include but are not limited to fluctuations in sales 
volume, fluctuation in foreign exchange, other costs and our ability to manage those. I urge you 
to consider that quarterly numbers are not a reflection of long-term trends or an indication of the 
full year results. They should not be attempted to be extrapolated or interpolated into full year 
numbers. Thank you and over to you sir for your opening remarks. 
Ashu Shinghal: 
Thank you, Runjhun. I am Ashu Shinghal, Managing Director, Manager Gas Limited. A very 
good afternoon to all of you who joined through the call and I once again welcome you all on 
this Q3 of the financial year 2022-23. I would like to thank all of you for attending today’s 
Earnings Call.  
Due to continuing geographical situation and supply shortages across the world with respect to 
the natural gas, third quarter of this financial year also remained challenging for MGL and the 
entire CGD industry because of the high gas input which we all have faced during the quarter. 
As per the domestic gas pricing policy, the price of domestic gas for the period of October ‘22 
to March ‘23 is around $8.57 per MMBTU which is around 40% higher than the previous half 
year that is April ‘22 to September ‘22. The present pool gas allocation, i.e., pooling of APM, 
CBG and HPHT gas is approximately 91% of CGD requirements of the total priority sector 
which has marginally reduced compared to the previous quarter. Now gas allocation shall be 
revised on a quarterly basis, depending upon the total domestic gas available for the CGD sector.  
One of the good developments is that Kirit Parikh Committee has recommended deregulation of 
India's administrative prices for the natural gas by 2027. They have announced floor and ceiling 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
rates and several other reforms which is aimed at boosting the investors investments in cleaner 
fuel. The panel suggested for linking of APM gas of ONGC and OIL with import price of Indian 
crude basket which is a deviation from the existing policy. Further, in order to bring balance 
between producers and consumers, dynamic ceiling of $6.5 per MMBTU and then increment of 
$0.5 per MMBTU every year for the next 5 years and a floor price of $4 per MMBTU is also 
proposed in the report. The recommendation is under review by Ministry and it is expected that 
by the end of this financial year they will come up with the revised natural gas pricing 
notification and they may be slightly earlier than that also. 
Recently, Ministry has also notified that HPHT that is high pressure high temperature areas, gas 
will be allocated to CGD entities for domestic as PNG and CNG consumption on priority and 
that means that the priority will be first given to CGD followed by Fertilizer, LPG and Power. 
This is a good action of Government of India which helps CGD entities in replacing costly 
RLNG which is being used in CNG and domestic PNG segments with HPHT gas because HPHT 
gas is much cheaper as compared to the spot gases. This will help in reducing overall gas costs 
of the CGD entities, which also reduces the CNG and the D-PNG prices which will further boost 
consumption in CGD sector.  
MGL continues to create CGD infrastructure across its business segments in the licensed areas. 
During the quarter 87,845 domestic households were connected and thus we have established 
connectivity for nearly 2.08 million households. We have layered 82.36 km of steel and PE 
pipeline thereby taking the aggregated pipeline length to over 6,407 km. We have also added 
five new CNG stations and with this we have 301 CNG stations as of the end of the quarter. We 
have also added 82 industrial and commercial customers during the quarter and thus on the 
quarter end we have 4,465 industrial and commercial customers. In respect of our Raigad 
geographical area, we have connected 63,509 domestic households and 24 CNG stations are 
currently operational. During this quarter, we laid 8 km of pipeline in Raigad thereby, taking the 
total length of pipeline to 373 km. This expansion of our pipeline network has created a very 
good ecosystem for CNG-PNG in the Raigad area. The first CGS and first mother filling station 
in Savroli in GA-3 that is Raigad, near Khopoli, is technically ready and we are awaiting some 
statutory approvals to commence the commercial operations. This will enable expeditious 
unlocking of the demand in the Raigad area. 
Coming to MGL’s operations: 
Average gas sales for the nine months ending December 31st, 2022 is 3.439 million standard 
cubic meter per day whereas it was 2.944 MMSCMD in the corresponding period last year, an 
increase of 16.8%. Sales volumes in the case of CNG has also increased from 2.061 million 
standard cubic meter per day to2.518 MMSCMD which is an increase of 22.21%. In case of 
industrial and commercial sales, volumes have increased from 0.419 MMSCMD to 0.441 which 
is an increase of 5.3%. Sales volume for domestic PNG has also increased from 0.464 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
MMSCMD to 0.48 which is an increase of 3.37%. During this quarter, overall average gas sales 
volume growth was flat at 3.412 MMSCMD as compared to the previous quarter’s volume of 
3.459 MMSCMD. Sales volume in the case of CNG is at 2.474 MMSCMD as compared to the 
previous quarter of 2.541. In the case of industrial and commercial sales volume is at 0.439 
MMSCMD as compared to the previous quarter of 0.447. Sales for domestic PNG is 0.449 as 
against the previous quarter of 0.471.  
The current nine-month quarter EBITDA is Rs. 794 crores compared to the previous year’s nine 
months EBITDA of Rs. 709 crores. The current quarter's EBITDA is Rs. 256 crores as compared 
to the previous quarter’s EBITDA of Rs. 253 crores. Net profit after tax for the nine months is 
Rs. 521 crores compared to the net profit after tax for the previous year’s nine month of Rs. 465 
crores. Net profit after tax or PAT is Rs. 172 crores for the quarter as compared to 164 crores in 
the previous quarter.  
I'm also happy to announce that the Board of Directors has approved an interim dividend of Rs. 
10 per equity share for the current financial year 22 -23. With this I would like to conclude my 
opening remarks and open the floor for the questions. I will hand it over to the operator please.  
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen at this stage we will begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question we have is from Yogesh Patil from Centrum Broking.   
Yogesh Patil: 
My question is related to your PNG industrial and commercial volume. Could you please provide 
the volume breakup of 0.44 MMSCMD, how much PNG industrial and how much is the PNG 
commercial?  
Rajesh Wagle: 
Industrial was about 0.315 and commercial would be 0.121. 0.318 is industrial, not 0.315.  
Rajesh Patel: 
I would like to add generally these categories may keep on changing depending on the customer 
side requirement and sometimes, so it's not very important to have a break up because many a 
times and in the last few months there has been a lot of change, so they are not comparable with 
the earlier period numbers. Please make a note of that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shivansh Naik from Anand Rathi.   
Shivansh Naik: 
Could you please give me the number of conversion of vehicles for the quarter.  
Rajesh Patel: 
Total vehicles during the quarter is roughly 16,900.  
Shivansh Naik: 
From the LCV? 
Rajesh Patel: 
LCV number is roughly (+1700). And taxis and cars roughly 12,200. 2,900 is around three 
wheels and some small amount of trucks are there around 33 trucks. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Shivansh Naik: 
And my second question was could you please give something about CNG differentials between 
petrol?  
Rajesh Wagle: 
Currently, CNG is (+40%) discount to petrol. It should be about 45%. And against diesel it's 
about 9% now. So, after factoring in the recent Rs. 2.5 price decrease which we took. 
Ashu Shinghal: 
And also, the better mileage of CNG over petrol.  
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Abhilasha Satale from Quantum AMC. 
Abhilasha Satale: 
I just wanted to understand your sourcing in terms of APM, HPHT and how much would be your 
spot sourcing and if Kirit Parikh Committee recommendation is implemented then what will be 
the impact on our sourcing cost?  
 Rajesh Patel: 
As far as I think MD covered in his opening remarks, last quarter roughly we have got around 
90%-91% APM gas and rest was through Spot and other sources which we have used for catering 
to CNG and domestic. As far industrial and commercial is concerned, we have our term contracts 
in place through which we have been catering to. Coming to the question, if the Parikh 
Committee report is implemented as it is, I think the committee has suggested cap of $6.5 
immediately and floor of $4. So, compared to the current price of APM which is $8.57 per 
MMBTU, there is likely to be decrease of $2 per MMBTU. Having said that already there is a 
new notification by the Ministry whereby HPHT allocation priority has been given to CGD. 
Some amount of HPHT gas will be available and we are already using HPHT gas through 
exchange in the current month. Both these have given us an advantage in terms of cost compared 
to the existing cost. HPHT is already being used and once Kirit Parikh Committee mostly by this 
year-end or 1st April if it is implemented, will also give an advantage of better costs going 
forward.  
Abhilasha Satale: 
Currently how much is the HPHT sourcing, in that 19% how much will be HPHT? 
 Rajesh Patel: 
This is in the range of around 0.27 to 0.275. 
Ashu Shinghal  
Around 0.3 MMSCMD 
Abhilasha Satale: 
Regarding our CAPEX plan, how much we have spent till day and how much we are likely to 
spend in FY24-25.  
Rajesh Patel: 
Up to December we have almost spent around 460-475 crores. We look forward to another 200 
crores. We may end around 650 crores by this year end. That’s our estimate. Of course, 
depending on the available permissions and other things, we should be in a position to touch 
figure of 650 crores odd this year end up  by. March ’23.  

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Abhilasha Satale: 
Even like ’24 we have similar plan of spending.  
Rajesh Patel: 
Yes. In fact, for next year, we have budgeted for a higher number and it should be in this range 
between 600 to 800 crores if all the permissions, availability of land and other things are in place.  
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Probal Sen from ICICI securities.   
Probal Sen: 
First question was with respect to this HPHT areas being putting CGD on priority. Just wanted 
to understand since the HPHT gas sales happen on a bidding process, how will this priority 
actually work I mean on bidding prices remaining the same CGD will be allocated the gas or 
how will it exactly work? Just wanted your sense of it. 
Rajesh Wagle:  
When it’s purchased from the exchange what is happening that the exchange only opens bidding 
up for CGD companies first for that volume. Typically, what has been observed is everybody 
bids at the ceiling and since other buyers are not there or CGD has put in this requirement for 
priority he gets that full volume. Only after that if any other volume of HPHT is remaining then 
the next second priority for fertilizer, followed by LPG and then propose in that order. This is 
on the exchange.  
Ashu Shinghal: 
Actually, just to add to what Rajesh Wagle has said that Reliance has come out with a 6 million 
auction. But they withdrew that auction at the last moment. I think this development which 
government issued the order. What we expect that as and when Reliance or ONGC will come 
out with their next auction, they will follow the guidelines of the government of India that 
whenever everything is at par then the first priority will be given to CGD, followed by fertilizer, 
followed by LPG, and then followed by power. That means that whosoever CGD companies are 
eligible for the priority sector, they will be able to take as much quantity as is required depending 
on and expecting that Reliance and ONGC is expected to come out with good amount of gas and 
that much of growth is not expected to come in CGD companies. So, 10% volume which is 
balanced, and which is currently being used from long term or other spot gases will be substituted 
by HPHT for almost all the CGD companies. Once that is exhausted, then it will go to fertilizer 
and LPG and then power.  
Probal Sen: 
So, the second question if we can get a sense how much of spot LNG was consumed by us in 
total in Q3, including for priority as well as industry and commercial segment? 
Rajesh Patel: 
It has been ranging from 0.27 to 0.35 depending on the peak requirement. But now with HPHT 
that quantum is coming down in the current month. 
Probal Sen: 
Balance basically shortfall between let’s say what we are getting from APM and adding this 0.3-
0.35 spot, the other is basically on some sort of term contract that we have plus the HPHT that 
we are also getting from the exchange, is that the correct way to look at it?  

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Ashu Shinghal: 
No HPHT perhaps will not be able to allocate to industry and commercials and mostly HPHT 
will be consumed in priority sector that is domestic PNG and CNG. Once that is exhausted then 
the balance will be consumed by fertilizer. I don’t think industrial and commercial will be able 
to consume HPHT.  
Probal Sen: 
No sir I was just trying to clarify that for us as a company, we mentioned earlier that we bought 
about 0.27 from the gas exchange HPHT gas this quarter and we are consuming 0.35 of spot 
LNG and 91%, is that correct?  
Rajesh Patel: 
For Q2 we were consuming almost 0.27 to 0.35 spot. But now with HPHT coming, this circular 
has come on 14th of January. After that HPHT has almost maximum quantity is replaced except 
if there is anything required for industrial and commercial for our own requirement. Suppose my 
term contract is not sufficient for that I will still have to buy spot RLNG. That’s what MD saying.  
Ashu Shinghal: 
Just to add, from 1st February we have started taking HPHT which was auctioned at IGX that is 
an exchange, Reliance had some gas and that was not being auctioned in as per their e-bidding 
platform. They have given it to IGX and from there we are taking HPHT gas. It was open only 
to CGD companies. 
Probal Sen: 
Second question was with respect to volume guidance, we have obviously earlier also mentioned 
the guidance of somewhere I think between 5% to 6% sustainably. This year obviously the base 
was different, so the numbers are sharp, so for FY24 on this kind of a base should we still build 
in somewhere around 5% to 6% volume growth or should it be higher because the gas costs are 
likely to moderate a bit. Just wanted your thoughts on that. 
Rajesh Wagle: 
The 5% to 6% guidance which we give. Let me again say, we always said it on a 5-year CAGR 
number. It is not that every quarter or every year, 5% to 6% could be 8%-10% percent in some 
quarter or a year, it could be 2% in another quarter or year. It’s very difficult to predict the 
consumption pattern of so many customers very accurately.  
Ashu Shinghal: 
One thing is there if Kirit Parikh comes up and the prices are reduced then it is expected that the 
volumes will grow in the next financial year. Otherwise, as expected in the last year maybe 5% 
is a fair estimate to consider the growth.  
Probal Sen: 
5% offside risk if the Kirit Parikh Committee recommendations are accepted in full, is that a fair 
way to look at it?  
Rajesh Patel: 
Yes, just to add to that especially for if you look at ’23-’24 since we said that our City Gate 
Station in GA-3 Savroli is also connected. We will be immediately able to connect some of the 
industrial commercial load in that area and most of the stations out of 24 are daughter booster 
and we will start slowly laying the pipelines and convert them to online station. Almost 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
whichever station we are able to connect through pipeline from present gas getting transported 
through LCVs, the sale will almost double from an average of 3000-4000 to 6000 to 8000 kg a 
day. Especially in Raigad we will see a very good growth in the next year, be it CNG or be it 
industrial and commercial and we are seeing good growth in GA-2 as well as GA-1.  
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Amit Rustagi from UBS. 
Amit Rustagi: 
I would like to understand that we had long term contracts from GAIL. How much we are getting 
under those contracts? What are the terms there and are we seeing this risk of HPHT being given 
to us now when it is going to be decontrolled maybe by end of 2025? So, how are we seeing that 
situation?  
Rajesh Patel: 
To answer your question on the contract with GAIL on Henry Hub, currently we are getting gas 
at supply or pay level not the full contracted quantity.  
Ashu Shinghal: 
’25 is still very far off. First of all, the Kirit Parikh Committee recommendations have still not 
been accepted and we don’t know whether there will be some changes or there may not be some 
changes. Even if it is accepted as what is recommended by the committee, 2 years on we don’t 
know what the gas prices in spot market or or the term contracts the crude prices will be and also 
so many other factors. We can only wait and watch, there may be some more changes when ’25 
approaches.  
Amit Rustagi: 
What about the current contract with GAIL like you are getting at supply or pay level? Do you 
see that going up any time soon in 2023 and ‘24 because what we hear from GAIL is they're 
going to bring entire volume of US Gas to India in 2023 itself?  
Management: 
Actually, GAIL is trying to, whatever we hear from different sources, that they're trying to source 
gas. One of their major suppliers has defaulted in the last few months. If that is happening and 
also if the gap between spot and the term prices are reduced and which is the trend which we 
have seen in last few months when the spot gas which was being traded at maybe $35 per 
MMBTU has come down to $18 per MMBTU. Going forward since the winters in Europe have 
also been quite moderate, we expect that the prices will soften up and there will be enough supply 
of gas. In that case, we don't know what GAIL is going to do after a few months, but the general 
expectation is that they will increase their supplies from supply or pay level.  
Amit Rustagi: 
My second question relates to the new initiatives. Over the past 3 to 4 years, we have been 
hearing a lot of new initiatives taken by us. But when we look at the volumes, when we talk 
about, have they been implemented actually we don't see anything on the ground. Like we have 
been talking about long-distance buses getting converted into CNG. We have been hearing about 
Port Trust converting their vehicles into that. We have been hearing about LNG-CNG 
conversion those kind of stations or upgradation of our own station. But we are seeing the 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
volume per station that is being on a consistent decline now. What are we doing about addressing 
the long-term growth and when do you see any of these things will start to pay us any benefit or 
they just remain like an initiative on papers?  
Rajesh Wagle: 
Amit, you need to look at these initiatives in context. If you look at the last 6 months or a year, 
it has been a difficult time for the whole industry. The gas prices being where they are etc. Long 
distance CNG or Port Trust or anybody going for LNG for that matter the timing is not really 
appropriate. But these are long term initiatives which will drive value in the long run for us. 
Currently, CNG is primarily seen as a local kind of a fuel for intracity or that kind of 
transportation. There is a huge amount of value lying in intracity or long-distance travel which 
we are trying in our own way to get. Now as far as actual movement on the ground, one positive 
I can tell you is MSRTC has gone ahead with and awarded conversion of 800 of their diesel 
buses to CNG. Out of those about 600-700 are going to come in our GAs. They have already 
given us seven depots and we have signed lease agreements with them to take land in their depots 
to set up infrastructure. All this will fructify over the next 6 months, 1 year, 2 years etc. Our 
belief is that in the medium to long term CNG and natural gas will be competitive vis-à-vis 
alternate fuels and that volume growth will come. The only thing is the last 6 months, 1 year etc. 
needs to be seen as an exception. On the LNG part, I can add our LNG dispensing facility for 
liquid in Raigad at a place called Savroli. That's near the Khalapur Toll Naka on the Expressway 
that is now mechanically completed and ready for commissioning. We are just awaiting a few, I 
think one last statutory permission or something and we'll be able to commission that. We will 
be having the ability to dispense liquid LNG also. The last point regarding an upgradation  of 
stations we have been upgrading a good number of stations every year and they bring us value. 
Typically, we would see a spurt in the throughput of that station once we have upgraded it, either 
by replacing an old compressor with a higher capacity new compressor and maybe adding a 
dispenser or two if there is space there. That partially mitigates the challenge which we have on 
getting new parcels of land in a city like Mumbai. It's really difficult to get new parcels of land. 
Whatever you currently have we're trying to maximize it through these upgradations. 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Pinakin Parekh from J.P. Morgan.   
Pinakin Parekh: 
I'm just trying to understand the decision by the recent Government notification of the gas for 
the CNG field. This seems to reverse a Government of India Cabinet decision of October 2020 
which had given marketing freedom to the gas producers in the high-pressure field where 
basically they have said they have given thecould bid for it. I'm just trying to understand how 
should we read this. Because this is not a Cabinet decision and it reverses the previous Cabinet 
decision. So, is it something which could be in limbo for some period of time being 
implemented? 
Rajesh Wagle: 
I think the answer to that the government is in the best position to give. But what we are seeing 
on the ground is yes, in the auction which happened in the beginning of this month, CGD got 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
first priority in the auctioning of HPHT gas. Effectively for the seller or the producer there is no 
difference. What was initially happening was everybody was bidding at the ceiling and because 
the volumes were limited everybody was getting maybe 2% or 5% of whatever volume they had 
quoted. The seller will land up selling….  
Rajesh Patel: 
It has a very high number of buyers. Now the buyer's number will reduce and it will help even 
the producers.  
Rajesh Wagle: 
It will help them reduce the seller's overhead also; they won't have to deal with hundreds of 
customers.  
Ashu Shinghal: 
Financially it was going at the same price is the ceiling of HPHT. The suppliers are not losing 
in that respect.  
Pinakin Parekh: 
Yes, but basically the suppliers will be losing if the affiliates were bidding for it. Now in this 
scenario the affiliates do not have a system of auctioning.  
Ashu Shinghal: 
Yes, but that is their internal matter. It doesn't impact us as a CGD company. What it brings out 
is that because some of that gas was being resold in the exchange, that was the concern of the 
Ministry. That if a gas which is being sold at a cap price should not go to the non-priority sector. 
That's a correction which the government has done by bringing in that the first HPHT gas if it is 
being sold on the ceiling should go to the priority sector. That's a very well appreciated step by 
the Government of India.  
Pinakin Parekh: 
My second question is that, so IGL in last week's call highlighted that the supply of CNG is at 
20 MMSCD and going forward it will not increase and hence any incremental volume growth 
for the CNG would have to rely on non-APM gas. Now the government has basically to an extent 
reserved CNG in the high-pressure field. Going forward sir is it fair to say that the incremental 
growth will not be from APM gas? There is also a risk that if the government is now effectively 
potentially migrating CNG from APM gas structure to the high-pressure gas structure, is the first 
priority has been given over there?  
Ashu Shinghal: 
No, I think there are two things which are getting mixed up. First that APM gas is whatever 
quantity is there, the efforts are being made by ONGC to increase it also. Although we can't say 
whether it will increase or be stagnant or come down. Whatever APM gas is being consumed 
mostly into a priority sector, there are certain unconnected pipelines which cannot be connected. 
Therefore, that gas is being sold to some other sector. Basically, APM gas is allocated to CGD, 
fertilizer and some power companies. Now as and when CGD consumption grows up and this 
APM doesn't go up, that means earlier it was that the allocation was coming down to ease CGD 
companies. Now to arrest that, the new HPHT gas which is going to be sufficiently available to 
meet whatever growth is expected from the CGD companies. Your assumption is right, one that 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
we don't know what will be the future of APM gas and it is fair to expect that not much APM 
gas will be allocated to the priority sector except that the efforts are being made by other 
companies to connect unconnected fields to the main grid. If that happens then more APM 
quantity will be available for CGD allocation. There are efforts being made to connect some 
isolated fields to the main grid and that will bring some more gas to APM. The second part is 
that even HPHT has got a ceiling which is an evolving formula and which is a fair formula and 
it will be giving fair prices going forward.  
Moderator: 
Next question we have is from S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities.  
S Ramesh: 
The first thought is in terms of your depreciation as for the nine months, is it fair to assume that 
you have capitalized something of the order of 800 crores and how would this capitalization help 
in terms of generating further revenue and profits over the next 1 or 2 years? 
Rajesh Patel: 
So, whatever new CNG stations you are seeing; we have commissioned those and CAPEX for 
that has been added and it starts immediately giving incremental volumes or at least the 
compression capacities available. Depending on the vehicles and the turnaround of vehicles it 
will have a better impact on volumes going forward. As far as some of the steel lines and medium 
pressure line or low-pressure lines are concerned, that will not immediately be able to add to 
volumes. As and when the customers get converted on these pipeline network it will add slowly. 
So, it's a long-drawn process. Once a steel line or a medium pressure line is laid immediately 
maybe 40%-50% of the customers in a building or in that area gets hooked up and later on that 
process continues over a longer period of time. So, that is how this CAPEX will help in the long 
run. And the City Gate Station which we are likely to commission soon, awaiting some statutory 
approvals. Once that gets commissioned, immediately sale in the GA-3 through that station as 
well as the mother station will be able to cater to the daughter booster station within that 
geography. It will reduce the transportation cost which is being currently incurred from GA-2 to 
GA-3 and will also help slowly going forward connecting few more industrial commercial 
customers in that region and a few more daughter booster stations to be converted online. That's 
how it is.  
S Ramesh: 
If you can share your thoughts on how much will be the cost savings on what you just mentioned 
and what is the kind of incremental volumes that you can expect in GA-3 Raigad say over the 
next 1 or 2 years? 
Rajesh Patel: 
GA-3 volume growth will be quite high next year. It should be (+20%) compared to current 
growth which is there, current volume which is there. As far as cost is concerned even if the 
distance traveled was on an average 40-50 km, if that gets eliminated so cost per kg of gas 
transportation straight away goes away and that depreciation takes a replacement of that cost. 
Depreciation is a very small amount whereas recurring transportation cost is pretty high in these 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
stations which will also be a saving and also logistics, manpower management all that gets 
eliminated.  
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Hemang Khanna from Nomura.   
Hemang Khanna: 
I just wanted to get a sense of what our current volumes say January or what we're currently 
doing versus 3.4 that we did in the third quarter? The second question or continuation with that 
is that say in the month of Jan you would have to have procured some amount of spot LNG to 
meet priority sector demand. So, is it fair to say that from Feb onwards you will not be having 
any incremental spot LNG purchases at least for the priority sector?  
Rajesh Patel: 
No, I think some amount of spot may remain to cater to the peak we may need. So, completely 
you can't say that no spot will be required for priority sector.  
Rajesh Wagle: 
As far as volumes go, Jan also volumes we expect to be flattish because of the high selling prices 
which were prevailing. But hopefully now that we have started getting and giving some relief 
on the high prices, we are hoping volume should pick up. 
Ashu Shinghal: 
And this cost will be very minimal just to balance requirement. Otherwise, we expect that APM 
plus HPHT should be able to meet the priority sector requirement.  
Hemang Khanna: 
Just to get a sense on the pricing, given the price cut that we've taken in February, is there any 
view to further bring down the pricing and improve the cost advantage versus liquid fuels? 
Ashu Shinghal: 
One we have already done that Rs. 2.5 per kg of CNG prices have been reduced with effect from 
1st of February. Next, we will wait and watch for Kirit Parikh Committee to be accepted by the 
government and as and when that comes, we'll have a relook at total cost of procurement and 
also what is the average weighted cost. Then we'll take a call on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
I would want to understand when I look through the data, I understand that your focus of 
implementation of infrastructure seems to be emphasized on GA-2 and GA-3 development. So, 
wanted to understand in terms of the breakup, is it translating into a higher growth in GA-2 
particularly versus GA-1 and what is currently the mix of GA-1, GA-2 and GA-3 in your total 
volumes? 
Rajesh Patel: 
Let's say on an average if you are selling around 3.5, GA-1 should be contributing around 1.8 to 
1.85. GA-2 roughly 1.5 to 1.55 and around 0.1212 is being sold currently in GA-3. Going 
forward our expectation is somewhere between at least next year GA-2 we will see a growth of 
10% in those volumes whereas in GA-3 at least (+20%) volumes we are seeing whereas GA-1 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
will remain in the range of around 5% to 6%. This is I'm talking about immediate 1 or 2 years 
till GA-3 and GA-2 peaks out in terms of the potential available in terms to geographical areas. 
Ashu Shinghal: 
With respect to your question why we are giving more focus on GA-2 and GA-3 it is primarily 
because GA-2 and GA-3 are more nascent areas, especially GA-3 where the network is being 
raised. As far as GA-1 is concerned there is hardly any space for putting our CNG station and 
already this steel and MDPE network is very robust in GA-1; whereas in GA-2 there is still some 
scope to increase some network and MDPE line and also some CNG stations. If you see our 
CAPEX plan for the next few years, we will be focusing more on GA-2 and GA-3. The main 
constraint in GA-1 is there is hardly any land which is available and whatever area is there is 
already covered with a very integrated network of steel and PE pipelines in GA-1. 
Rajesh Patel: 
Mr. Mehta as is in GA-1 most of the trunk line at a steel pipeline is already laid. Whatever 
CAPEX we are doing as far as GA-1 is concerned it is more of a security supply kind of a thing. 
We are doing multiple looping so that if there are any disruption etc. GA-1 area and the older 
area doesn't get affected. However, the last mile connectivity and the customer conversion keeps 
on going and we do incur sizable amount of CAPEX even in GA-1 for further branching, 
reaching out to the customers.
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Maulik Patel from Equirus.   
Maulik Patel: 
Just continuing the earlier question; you mentioned that 1.8 to 1.85 comes from the GA-1 and 
you expect around 5% growth in GA-1 and GA-2 you expect around 15% growth. So, the GA-
2 growth is more driven by as you mentioned there is the Metro is yet to be laid down. How do 
you see that along with, do you have only part GA-2 with you and remaining portion of the 
Thane district is with Gujarat Gas. Do you see that the Gujarat Gas network will enable you to 
grow more faster or is it going to get some volume from your side? 
Rajesh Wagle: 
The growth rate in GA-2 is a bit higher than GA-1, it is relatively easier to lay infrastructure. 
There is more land available in GA-2 for opening CNG stations and it's a much bigger area 
compared to GA-1, GA-1 is a very mature market that way. We have been here for more than 
27 years now. GA-2 is relatively new. We started off in about 2005 so 18 years or so. 
Maulik Patel: 
What is the potential for the GA-3? In 5-years where do you see this 0.1-0.12 heading to what 
number? 
Rajesh Wagle: 
GA-3 our demand estimation shows about 0.67 MMSCMD is the addressable market size there. 
Maulik Patel: 
Recently this Metro has started in Mumbai. Have you seen any drop in your numbers related to 
the past? Because the general perception is that once the Metro starts; your congestion will come 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
down, the traffic will come down and the cars or the taxis will spend less time on the roads 
relatively. So, there will be less fuel consumption. Is that thinking right?  
Rajesh Wagle: 
Look the first Metro corridor opened up quite a few years back. The Versova, Andheri and 
Ghatkopar one. That didn't have any impact on our volumes. The new one has just opened a 
couple of weeks back. You know it was inaugurated by the Prime Minister. Now we haven't 
seen any material change in CNG volumes or anything for that matter. But we will watch and 
see. Our expectation is even with so many Metro lines opening, the demand for transportation 
services is so high that CNG will or even liquid fuels for that matter will retain their share. It is 
just that the number of people traveling will increase.  
Ashu Shinghal: 
Some of them will shift from local to Metro also.  
Rajesh Wagle: 
When people see less congestion on the road some people may bring out their CNG cars to 
commute also. Today they will not be doing that because already it's taking them 2 hours to 
commute from home to work. There are lot of factors at play here so it's not necessary that 
Metros can potentially hit your sales. Look at IGL for an example. Delhi is one of the best Metro 
networks but IGL’s volumes have been consistently growing. 
Ashu Shinghal: 
What is understood is that there is space for almost several fuels because the commuting will 
start to increase as Mr. Rajesh mentioned. 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from the line of Somaiah V from Avendus Spark.  
Somaiah V: 
The question pertains to HPHT Gas. So, you did mention you had the 0.3 MMSCMD close to 
0.3 MMSCMD. What was the total available gas at the exchange, the addressable market that 
was there, that’s one? How do you see this kind of going up in the next 1 or 2 years in terms of 
HPHT volume available for CGD? 
Ashu Shinghal: 
I think the last bidding was for 3 MMSCMD in the exchange. Out of that we got some 0.27 or 
close to 0.3. So, what I said earlier was that the CGD companies are not expected to grow 
demand in tandem with what the gas is expected to come from HPHT both from Reliance and 
ONGC. Primarily Reliance has earlier come up with 6 million and they were news, unconfirmed 
news that they will come up with another tender of 6 million and also, they were news that 
ONGC will also come out with some more gas on their bidding. Our estimate is that CGD 
demand growth for priority sector will be a gradual one. It cannot be a sudden thing. As of now 
if we see the 10% is around 2.5 MMSCMD, we took a level of whole All India basis so that will 
be available straight away in the first bidding or second bidding round itself. Post that once CGD 
company start consuming more gas than only HPHT will be required. Our assessment is that for 
MGL also whatever shortfall is there will be met through HPHT. 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from Nitin Tiwari from Yes Securities.   
Nitin Tiwari: 
My question is related to CAPEX. Can we have a breakup of the CAPEX spend in terms of GA-
1-2 and 3 and also in terms of what heads they've gone into broadly whether there is investment 
has been in stations or basically in the pipeline? If we can give that sort of a breakup? 
Management: 
I don't have the numbers readily available. If you get in touch with me offline, I will give you 
these numbers. You can contact our CFO – Mr. Rajesh Patel and he will be able to help you on 
that. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
I will do that. The reason I asked that perhaps you can help me understand this better because I 
suppose your CAPEX intensity would be perhaps the highest historically and whereas like we 
are not adding as many stations or kilometers in terms of pipelines. I just wanted to understand 
that 600-700 crores of CAPEX in a year, how is that getting spent? That was my primary query. 
So, I'll certainly take it up later and on a one-on-one basis. 
Rajesh Patel: 
Just to give you an idea. Around for 25-30 new stations and equal amount of upgradations we 
spend around 150 to 180 crores in CNG. Then let's say roughly around 300 crores odd is mainly 
in this medium pressure line, the last mile connectivity, GI, inside kitchen, inside customer etc. 
and balance… 
Nitin Tiwari: 
In GA-1 and 2? 
Rajesh Patel: 
So, GA-1 will have maximum of this last mile connectivity and medium pressure line whereas 
steel will be minimum in GA-1, steel will be highest in GA-2 followed by GA-3. Currently GA-
3 has expenditures mainly on the CGS and the CNG stations and next year once the City Gate 
Station starts, we have planned to lay steel lines and also some more City Gate stations we are 
scouting land for. The cost of land also will be there in the range of around 50-60 crores for 
CNG as well as new City Gate stations. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Secondly, if you can help me understand the gas sourcing completely like once more because 
I'm slightly confused over there. You have about 91% of your priority sales as APM. I suppose 
you also had an allocation of 0.3 MMSCMD of RIL’s HPHT gas side which you had bid for. 
Does that gas gets used in priority or it gets used in I&C segment? 
Rajesh Patel: 
It is allowed to be used only in priority that is CNG and domestic HPHT gas. Nothing is allowed 
to be used industrial and commercial. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
If I sum up your APM allocation and that 0.3 RIL Gas that you have you would not I think 
require any spot gas but you said that you source spot gas as well as plus HPHT gas from the 
exchange? 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Rajesh Patel: 
Agreed. The demand doesn't remain the same on all days. For peaking, you do need some amount 
of spot gas sometimes. If the demand goes up suddenly you may have to put in spot gas. So, let 
us say around 2.8 is available through APM and 0.3 is available through HPHT. That makes to 
let's say 3.1 or so but suppose my demand picks up on some days to even 3.15 to 3.2 then I will 
have to have some type of spot gas. Otherwise, the stations will be starved of the gas and the 
pressure will fall. 
Moderator: 
The final question that we have is from Iqbal Khan from Nuvama.  
Iqbal Khan: 
It's a follow up question on the HPHT gas itself. You mentioned that around 0.3 MMSCMD 
HPHT gas allocation was done in the previous quarter, I mean by Q3? 
Rajesh Patel: 
Another 6 months February, not previous quarter. 
Iqbal Khan: 
So, in the previous quarter was there any allocation on the HPHT gas? I mean I have got a little 
confused over here. 
Rajesh Patel: 
It might be very small amount through APM only. We did have one HPHT RIL gas which is a 
term contract of around 0.1 MMSCMD but we did not have anything what has come under the 
new guidelines of Government of India. 
Iqbal Khan: 
So, my understanding is 0.3 MMSCMD is from 1st February 2023, right?  
Rajesh Patel: 
That’s right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen there are no further questions. I would now like to hand 
the call back over to Mr. Varatharajan for closing comments. Please go-ahead sir.  
Varatharajan S.: 
Thank you Rico. It was a pleasure having you all on this call and thanks a lot to the management 
for giving us this opportunity to host it. This closes the call. Have a nice day. Unless Mr. Rajesh 
Patel, if you have anything to add?  
Management: 
Thank you so much and if any investor has any further questions they can contact us directly. 
Thank you. 
Varatharajan S.: 
Thank you everyone. Have a nice day. Bye.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 

 
Mahanagar Gas Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Address: MGL House, G-33 Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra 
 
Contact details: investorrelations@mahanagargas.com 
Website: www.mahanagargas.com  
CIN: L40200MH1995PLC088133 
 
