regd. office: 687 anandapur e. m. bypass kolkata 700107 India 
phone: 91 33 6613 6264 tele fax: 91 33 6613 6600 e-mail: contact@emamigroup.com website: www.emamiltd.in 
CIN: L63993WB1983PLC036030 
7th February, 2023 
The Manager - Listing 
The Manager - Listing 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
   BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G. Block  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
   Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 051  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: EMAMILTD  
   Scrip Code: 531162 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings conference call 
With reference to our letter dated 5th January, 2023 regarding intimation of Q3FY’23 
Earnings Conference Call, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for the Third Quarter ended 31st December, 2022, we are enclosing copy of 
transcript of the said Conference Call. 
The aforesaid documents are also made available on the Company’s website 
at www.emamiltd.in. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Emami Limited, 
Ashok Purohit  
Dy. Company Secretary 
Enclo: a/a 
ASHOK 
PUROHI
T
Digitally signed by ASHOK PUROHIT 
DN: c=IN, st=West Bengal, 
2.5.4.20=62ff42f8594cf1d9bfb60b0f5
b3557273ae630d8229581db67e202c
7a66ab49e, postalCode=700156, 
street=North 24 Parganas, 
pseudonym=fc0361882bb13772b4a
d70651b35bab5, 
serialNumber=184a6126b68303bc07
04ed2347410f8a1c3d438ff8eeaa583
2d91d2c852ea478, o=Personal, 
cn=ASHOK PUROHIT 
Date: 2023.02.07 17:45:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Emami Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MOHAN GOENKA – VICE CHAIRMAN & 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK DHIR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. VINOD RAO – PRESIDENT SALES – EMAMI 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GUL RAJ BHATIA – PRESIDENT – 
HEALTHCARE– EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – PRESIDENT - FINANCE 
AND INVESTOR RELATIONS – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. PERCY PANTHAKI – IIFL SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Emami Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Over to you, sir. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. From the management, we have Mr. Mohan Goenka, Director; Mr. 
Vivek Dhir, CEO, International Business; Mr. Vinod Rao, President, Sales; Mr. Gul Raj Bhatia, 
President, Healthcare Division; Mr. Rajesh Sharma, President, Finance and IR. So, without 
further ado, I'll hand over the call to Mr. Mohan Goenka, who will take us through the result. 
Mohan Goenka: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I thank you for joining us today. I welcome you all to this 
conference call on Emami's result for the third quarter and 9 months ended FY '23. 
During the quarter, demand patterns for the FMCG sector remained sluggish, with rural markets 
experiencing continued demand pressure. Further, a warmer winter season across the country 
impacted sales even more. However, December witnessed a moderate rebound in demand with 
easing of inflation.  
In the given macroeconomic context, our overall net sales at INR 975 crores grew by 2% and 
revenues at INR 983 crores grew by 1% in the third quarter of this financial year, which 
translates into a healthy 3-year CAGR of 7% compared to the pre-pandemic period. Our 
domestic business grew by 1% during the quarter, translating into a 3-year CAGR of 6%. 
Domestic volumes, however, declined by 3.9% in this quarter. 
The Man Company, which became our subsidiary with effect from 1st July '22, contributed 2.8% 
to our overall net sales during the quarter. Our NPDs, including digital-first launches, also 
performed well, contributing around 4% of domestic net sales during the quarter.  
Coming to our brand-wise performance. Healthcare range grew by 2%, 7 Oils in One grew by 
5%. However, BoroPlus range declined by 3% due to a warmer winter. Pain Management range 
declined by 2%, Kesh King by 1%, Navratna declined by 6% and Male Grooming range declined 
by 1%.  
However, if we look at a 3-years CAGR, Healthcare range grew by 8%, 7 Oils in One grew by 
13%, BoroPlus grew by 5%, Pain Management range grew by 6%, Kesh King grew by 4% and 
Male Grooming range posted marginal growth. While rural markets remained muted, urban-
centric new age channels like modern trade continued to grow strongly by 20% and e-commerce 
by 45% during the quarter. Our D2C portal, Zanducare, also continued its growth trajectory, led 
by digital-first launches. 
The contribution of e-commerce channel increased by 260 basis points to 7.9% and modern trade 
contribution increased by 200 basis points to 10.5% of the domestic revenues. Both modern 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
trade and e-commerce put together now contributes to 18.4% of domestic revenues against 
13.8% in quarter 3 last year. During the quarter, our new and digital-first launches have also 
performed well in these new age channels, contributing 14% of sales in modern trade and e-
commerce. 
Our international business grew by 7% during the quarter, translating into a 3-year CAGR of 
13% in spite of several key markets facing challenges like currency depreciation in Bangladesh, 
economic crisis in Sri Lanka, forex and liquidity crisis in Nepal, and ongoing political conflict 
in CIS countries, et cetera. The growth has been mainly driven by strong performances in 
markets of MENA, CIS, Bangladesh and Southeast Asia. 
During the quarter, our gross margins at 65.9% contracted by 150 basis points due to inflationary 
pressure and favourable portfolio mix last year. Our EBITDA at INR 294 crores declined by 
14% over previous year. However, profit after tax at INR 237 crores grew by 8% over previous 
year. 
In line with our guidance shared in the last con call, we believe this would be the last quarter for 
margin contraction. With moderation in inflationary pressure, we expect expansion in our gross 
margins and EBITDA margins in the fourth quarter of this financial year. Hence, for the full 
year, we expect our EBITDA margins to be in pre-COVID levels, that is around 27% for our 
core business. Further, the Board of Directors have declared a second interim dividend of 400% 
that is INR 4 per share for FY '23 at today's board meeting. 
I'm also pleased to inform that we have appointed Mr. Giriraj Bagri as the Chief Growth Officer 
to take forward our new brands, innovation, strategic investments and other growth 
opportunities. Mr. Bagri is an MBA from XLRI Jamshedpur and has served as the CEO of 
Raymond FMCG and CEO of ITC Foods division in the past. He has also worked in many 
consumer companies like Colgate, Palmolive, Kraft Heinz, et cetera, in senior positions. 
Going ahead, the macroeconomic environment is expected to improve with inflation easing in 
December and the anticipated stimulus of the union budget should hasten the industry recovery. 
The upcoming quarter looks promising for the industry due to declining commodity prices, 
higher crop realization and continuous government interventions. 
On the industry front, we do believe that going forward D2C and e-commerce would play an 
important role in the future growth strategy of the FMCG business with omnichannel 
distribution. We plan to be present in these emerging channels of growth, the foundation of 
which we have already started building through many of our strategic investments in the new 
age companies in recent past. 
With this brief, I now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers Private 
Limited. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions from my end. You mentioned in your opening remarks about inflation 
coming off a bit. So how does demand look like? What is the sense we are getting on urban and 
rural demand? Because currently, year-to-date, we see most of our power brands have shown 
either muted growth or no growth in some cases because of the adverse winter. So what do you 
think will drive growth for us in '24? 
And specifically on Kesh King, again, it continues to be volatile. And on Healthcare now we 
have a favorable base. So is there visibility in terms of new product launches and growth coming 
back on the Healthcare side? These were some of the questions. 
Mohan Goenka: 
So Prakash, the demand, as I said, still seems to be a little muted. The month of January, we 
haven't seen the kind of growth what we had seen in the last few weeks of December. So we will 
have to wait and watch for the complete recovery I think. It may take a while. I'm not too sure. 
But hopefully, I think this should be the last quarter of this kind of a demand scenario. But if 
you ask me as of now, the demand is still little muted. 
So Kesh King, yes, you are right, there are ups and downs. There was demand about a few 
quarters back. And discretionary is still under pressure. And we have seen in Nielsen also that 
all the oils have not performed well, particularly in this quarter, all the value-added oils, which 
includes the Kesh King. The Nielsen says a total decline of 10% for the category, whereas Kesh 
King has only declined by 3%. So as I said, overall the demand scenario has to improve, then 
only the brands will see some light of the day. 
As far as Healthcare is concerned, yes, now we have a favourable base and we have launched 
some key brands in Healthcare, particularly for D2C. Gul Raj is on the line. I think he can throw 
some more light what new brands we have launched in the Healthcare range. 
Gul Raj Bhatia: 
So essentially, we have focused, on strengthening our NPD launches in the D2C space. And we 
have launched some brands in the last 3 to 6 months. And there is a strong pipeline we are 
planning to launch for the coming quarters. And even in the traditional trade business, we are 
launching NPDs in some of the segmentswhere we are not present in both OTC and in the 
Medical business. And in the Medical business, we launched 2 new products in the Avaleha 
segment. And both have done well, We launched them a couple of months back. So we do see 
both for the D2C business and the traditional trade business, NPD as being one of the growth 
drivers in the coming quarters. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And as per the current run rate, what will be the OTC and Ethical mix? 
Gul Raj Bhatia: 
It would be in the region of about 2.5 is to 1 in terms of the ratio. 
Prakash Kapadia:  
2.5 will be OTC, right? 
Gul Raj Bhatia: 
 
That's right. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, Mohanji, on rural, you mentioned that remains muted. So is it down trading? Is it 
LUPs? And how do you think rural will recover? Or what's the sense of rural and urban demand 
as we move forward? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, Prakash, So I think LUPs are slightly growing faster than the larger packs. So there is 
definitely some down trading that is visible. I would say this is across the board, not just rural. 
It is also seen in some of the urban markets also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. Two questions I have from my side. When I look at -- the winter was expected to start 
somewhere in the month of October. And we did some winter product loading. However, winter 
didn't pan out the way we were expecting. So understandably, November month was bad. But 
towards December and January, the winter has picked up. So just wanted to understand because 
you just mentioned that even January was bad. So is that structural problems that in the mass 
consumption we are seeing the demand outlook is very, very weak? And maybe if you can add 
some more color towards the winter portfolio, how do you think will pan out in next two months? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So Shirish, as far as winter is concerned, the loading happens from the month of September, and 
by mid of December, the winter sales starts declining. We don't load after 15th of December. So 
whatever winter -- whether it is severe winter in December or January, those are only secondary 
numbers, not primary numbers.But even though the winter was good in some parts of the 
country, particularly the North, but overall it was still weak compared to some of the past winters 
that we have seen. Overall, the number of days were also very, very less this time. It may be a 
severe winter, but the number of days were very less. So overall, the winter was quite muted, 
honestly. 
As far as demand is concerned, I don't see any structural issue, honestly. Every company, market, 
we are seeing that there is some pressure in the rural markets due to inflation and which are 
evident from the numbers, what everyone is reporting. Of course, we have a larger contribution 
from the rural markets, so we may be a little more affected. But I'm not seeing that our shares 
are being taken away by somebody. Once the market rebounds -- I don't know which month, but 
I'm hopeful it may happen anytime soon. But once it rebounds, then we are definitely going to 
benefit from this. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. But -- just one follow-up. You said that in the entire country the rural is bad. So that's 
why I asked you that the mass consumption is faltering? Or is the same issue which we are seeing 
in the North across South also? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So when I say entire country, yes, of course. Of course, there are some markets which are more 
of a concern, particularly in the Northern India. But yes, the demand is muted across the board. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second question is on the employee cost. When I look at -- the employee cost and the 
console level has gone up substantially. Is there any one-off setting in this quarter number? Or 
this is going to be the cost for going forward? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So the employee costs also include the cost of the new subsidiary, The Man company. And also, 
it is in line with last few quarters. Last year, cost was slightly lower. But if you look at our Q2, 
Q1 cost, it is otherwise in line with that. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So you mean to say that INR 93 crores is going to be the regular cost now? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. Around roughly INR 90 crores kind of, yes. That's the cost which we have been incurring 
for last few quarters. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And just one last follow-up on the amortization. How much MAT credit which we will -
- we'll be using for next quarter? Or it will continue in FY'24 also? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, there would be MAT credit in FY'24 also. Since we have started accounting for MAT credit 
from March '22 onwards, so this will be there for next year as well. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. So would you be able to guide what is the tax rate we should be considering? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I feel considering MAT credit, the tax rate should be roughly 10% to 12% kind of. 
Shirish Pardeshi:  
Okay. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Difficult to estimate the exact MAT credit we will be availing, but it can be in that range. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So my first question is with regards to the margin. You indicated that now we are seeing the 
bottom of the margin -- the cost inflations and margin should pick up. So any guidance in terms 
of -- you can give particularly for the next year or so? How should we look at the margins to pan 
up because it has been really volatile in the past? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So Gaurav, I think we guided that the margin should be in the range of 27%. And for next year, 
we are still to work out on our budgets. Let us work out on our budget, then we will be able to 
guide better. But we are very hopeful that there won't be cost pressure next year. That's what it 
looks like. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And sir, one question with regards to the appointment of Mr. Giriraj Bagri. We have in the 
past also appointed several consultants. So just wanted to get a clarity in terms of how different 
his role will be versus the various consultants that you have appointed in the past? And what 
will be key KRAs or key strategic areas to look for? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So there is a slight difference. He is not a consultant. He has joined as a full-time employee. He 
has been designated as the Chief Growth Officer. This designation was not there in our company 
in the past. So of course, the mandate is to identify newer growth opportunities. It could be 
organic, inorganic. Of course, he has just recently joined. Let us see what he brings on the table. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes. So as a company, I mean, what are all the things that you'll be looking from him, the things 
that you guided in your opening remarks as well, a few key areas that you'll be looking out for. 
Mohan Goenka: 
So other than the existing brands, he would be looking after all the new growth opportunities, 
whether it is acquisitions or identifying digital strategy, plus new start-up ideas. So he would be 
responsible for everything other than the existing brands. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And sir, my last question is with regards to the Project Khoj. Sir, if you can give an update 
on to where we are? And how are we looking to expand it given the current situation of demand 
not picking up? 
Vinod Nandgopal Rao: 
So we are not stopping any investments on Project Khoj, and we will be expanding also because 
we are realizing all the KPIs. All the action standards on -- that we had decided in the beginning 
of the year, we are realizing those in terms of -- cost to sales are improved. We've optimized the 
current network and also saved on some of the subsidy cost that we used to run in the past. 
And so as a system, we will -- we are on track. We are now present in 42,000 towns and villages 
across the country. We hope to reach close to 50,000 by the end of the year. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And sir, this -- if you can quantify some bit in terms of the sales? How it has able to boost 
the sales at least in the target pockets that we have been able to expand this distribution piece? 
Vinod Nandgopal Rao: 
Sure. So despite our headwinds, at least in the rural channel, we'll been able to remain flat in the 
year. The 9-month rural channel growth is flat. And by rural, I mean, the sub-stockist network 
that we handle. And we've generated close to around INR 67 crores of business till date. It will 
end to something around INR 83 crores, INR 85 crores by the year end. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
And sir, what kind of investments would you have made in this Project Khoj? 
Vinod Nandgopal Rao: 
So the cost to sales are not too high. So as a total network cost in our sub-stockist channel and 
the rural channel, it has marginally gone up by around 7.8%. And the costs remain low, so it's 
in the 6% ballpark range. Total rural cost. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Harit from Investec. 
Harit: 
 
 
So just two questions. First is a clarification. 
Moderator: 
 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. We'd request you to please speak a little louder or use the handset. 
Harit: 
Yes, yes. So just 2 questions. Firstly, on the margins for FY '23. Mohanji, you mentioned 27% 
would be the core margin. So this would exclude Man company, right? 
Mohan Goenka:  
Yes, yes, Harit. 
Harit: 
Okay. Perfect, perfect. And the second question was on Healthcare. So it seems like now you 
would probably be lapping up any high base, especially on some of the portfolios which were 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
COVID contextual. So I just wanted to get your sense about maybe post Q4, should this portfolio 
see an acceleration especially because of the kind of initiatives you have taken on innovation 
and your D2C portal as well? Or are you still -- are you saying that this would also be pretty 
much fully predicated on the macro? Just wanted to get your sense on that. 
Gul Raj Bhatia: 
So as you mentioned, definitely after Q4, when the base effect of the higher base wears out, we 
would be seeing an acceleration of growth in the coming quarters from Q1 onwards. This should 
be driven both by NPD and other initiatives we'll be taking. As you probably know what had 
happened during the 2 years of COVID, consumers had gone for very high levels of health 
supplements and immunity product purchases. They've now gone back to the pre-COVID kind 
of scenario. So we would see the market coming back to the pre-COVID levels in terms of the 
purchase. 
We are not seeing any external environmental factors in terms of impacting the health 
supplements or Healthcare product growth in that sense. So it would be back to the pre-COVID 
days. And in our case, we have a relatively low share in some of the categories such as immunity, 
such as digestive, so we would want to gain market share. Even the market is not as buoyant as 
it was in the last few years. 
Harit: 
Right. The reason I ask is my assumption is that the Healthcare portfolio at overall level is also 
margin accretive. So that could actually lead to overall margin accretive growth for the company 
next year. So that was the context of my question, sir. Okay. Got it. That's it for me. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Kunal Vora: 
Can you share your thoughts on FY '24? Would it be fair to assume high single-digit or double-
digit revenue growth? And where do you see it coming in terms -- like how do you see the 
volumes and pricing playing out next year? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So, Kunal, as I said, we are yet to work on our budget. But now that the base is favorable for a 
lot of our Healthcare range and also for the pain management, so we are very hopeful that next 
year we are definitely going to see at least 10% to 12% growth, is what we should expect from 
most of the product range. Of course, the market sentiments have to improve. But even though, 
not considering the market, I think we should grow at double-digit numbers. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. Second question is, how has been your experience with the digital-first brand, MAN 
company? And would you look to buy more such brands, especially as many of the startups are 
facing funding issues? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes. We maintain what we have said in the past that we are looking for some start-up 
opportunities. We keep on evaluating them. And if it fits within our strategy, then we will 
definitely look for a strategic investment. 
Kunal Vora: 
Would it be fair to say that you are happy with the experience you had so far with whatever 
you've done? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, very much. We have invested in 4 companies, and all of them are very, very promising. 
Kunal Vora: 
And lastly, where are the Fair and Handsome sales versus -- 2, 3 years back, you had hired a 
consultant and implemented some positions. How has been the experience so far from that? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes. So, we had hired BCG for Fair and Handsome. And since then, we have seen some bit of 
growth. But last 2, 3 years have been a little challenging due to the COVID scenario. And now 
you all know that there is a pressure on the discretionary spend. Let us see. I think market going 
forward should improve for all of our brands. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Sulakhe from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Aditya Sulakhe: 
So I have just 2 questions. So first was that if you could touch upon why there was a degrowth 
in the Pain Management system -- in Pain Management segment? And the second was that on 
the Pain Management segment has itself. So are you seeing any pressure from regional players 
in that segment? 
Mohan Goenka: 
No, Aditya, there is no pressure from the regional players as much. It is only due to the base that 
Pain Management we have seen a little bit of decline. We had a very high base. 
Aditya Sulakhe: 
Okay. And sir, what -- like how would you categorize the future prospects? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Future -- I have said I maintain that for almost all the brands, we see a very bright future. We 
have not seen any competitive intensity increasing in any of our categories. So once the market 
sentiments improve, and now we have a favorable base, we are very hopeful of getting double-
digit numbers for most of our categories. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have one broad question on the international market. If I go back last 4, 5 quarters, we have 
highlighted many pains and there were some distribution issues and then war happened. While 
last quarter we have shown a very strong growth of 17%, but this quarter the performance was 
a little weaker. So what are the corrective measures we can expect? And what are the things 
which we're exactly doing? Because I think last call Mr. Dhir said that things are in control and 
things will improve from here. Barring apart the currency headwinds, is the things are under 
control or we will have more pains in the international markets yet to come? 
Vivek Dhir: 
When you look at the international markets, we had demonstrated a decent growth. So even in 
this quarter growth is around 7%. We have lost some growth in one of the markets on account 
of non-supply efforts. So that will be rolling over into the quarter 4, and we'll bounce back into 
decent double digit growth in excess of 15%. 
So one of the products we couldn't supply it, which has led to this particular thing. When you 
see the international market, so our western side of the business is still doing well, but the Indian 
subcontinent, which we call as SAARC market or something, is still under pressure, quite a bit 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
of pressure due to currency in Sri Lanka, even Bangladesh's currency had tanked reasonably 
after September. This is one quarter where we had depreciation against China also. So those 
things are still to catch up. It will take some time to have that into the impact. But overall, I think 
business is still very much in control to deliver double-digit growth in coming quarters. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Vivek, I do understand what you're saying. But if I look at during the COVID period, even 
international business on a base was very weak. So on that 7% -- I'm sure you're not agreeing 
with the growth. But I'm only saying that do we really have a good handle what are the issues? 
Or whether if there is an issue with the product profile or even the portfolio, which is weaker? 
Because I can understand India winter was bad, but I think the international winter should not 
be a bad situation at this time. 
Vivek Dhir: 
When you talk about, say, winter products, so BoroPlus has delivered a very decent growth in 
markets in Russia and CIS. And it has delivered a decent growth in Bangladesh as well, although 
it's a very small brand in Bangladesh. But Russia and CIS, it's a very decent brand. It's almost 
close to INR 80 crores plus brand. In those markets it has delivered growth. So every brand in 
quarter 3 has delivered a growth except one brand, where we had some unplanned maintenance 
in the factory and we couldn't supply those goods when this happened. And those standing orders 
will be delivered in this quarter. 
So barring that, every brand has grown. Navratna has delivered us a growth of around 19%. Fair 
and Handsome is also 19%. Creme 21 is very high, around 85%. 7 Oils is also 12%. BoroPlus 
is 50%. So very decent growth, barring one brand, which we will supply it. So things have been 
very much under control. 
Shirish Pardeshi:  
But do you mean to say that now January the shipment has happened? 
Vivek Dhir: 
Between January to March, because there is again capacity also. After the maintenance, all back 
orders cannot be supplied in 1 month alone. It takes some time. So the deliveries will happen. 
By most probably by March itself, most of the pending deliveries should be there and we should 
be back on that brand as well. So all brands are performing very well for us in the marketplace. 
So we don't have any issue on account of... 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So you mean to say that international business on a Y-o-Y basis should -- when we consider 4 
quarters over FY '22 when we compare FY '23, the international growth should be in the range 
of about 14%, 15%. That's what you're trying to say? 
Vivek Dhir: 
For 9 months -- first 9 months, we are close to 20%. And most probably in quarter 4, which we 
-- Jan to March quarter, we should be delivering something similar. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay, okay. Sure. My other question was to Rajeshji. Now you did mention that the raw material 
inflation which is there, but when we look at the raw material inflation -- at least other companies 
are confirming that the input material prices are coming down. So is that -- we are holding a 
high price inventory, and that's why the margins -- you are saying that will improve from the 
next quarter? Or we want to spend more on marketing and even trade promotions? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Shirishji, you're talking about the COGS pressure in Q3? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So I think the pressure is easing out. And from quarter 4 onwards, we would, in fact, see some 
benefit. If you look at our quarter 1, quarter 2 pressure, the pressure has eased out in quarter 3. 
And what Mohanji said in his opening remarks, from quarter 4 onwards, you should start seeing 
some gross margin benefits only. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So like last quarter, Mohanji gave the guidance that the margin may decline about 200 basis 
points. So you mean to say that we will reverse the margin to maybe, say, 67%, 68% back in 
quarter 4? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, we should see some better margins. Difficult to give a number, but I think Y-o-Y margins 
should be better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, what I heard is that you are mentioning double-digit growth in most categories in FY '24. 
Now this quarter, even adjusting for the base, if I look at the 3-year CAGR, it is trending at 
around 6%. So there is a bit of inorganic in this, there is a bit of pricing -- high pricing growth 
in inflationary times in this. So what exactly are our efforts towards distribution, new product 
development? Any other efforts that you would want to elaborate that gives us confidence of 
this double-digit growth even if the demand environment doesn't pick up? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So, Sameer, as I had said that there is some benefit of correction in the base at least for this year. 
Of course, there would be some price increase also that we would be taking for next year. And 
there are some corrective measures in almost all the brands because of the muted demand that 
we have seen. We would also get a little aggressive on our marketing strategy because of the 
correction in the raw material prices. So there are a couple of things that we are planning for 
next year. 
As Vinod also mentioned, we are continuing with our expansion in Project Khoj. We haven't 
stopped expanding in our rural initiatives or distribution initiatives. E-com, modern trade 
continues to be the focus area. A lot of new digital-first brands that we have planned would be 
rolled out next year. So there are a couple of things. Let us see how market behaves. Even though 
the market still would be muted, we are hopeful to see some good growth in the next year. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Just a follow-up here. You would still depend on the overall macro environment to 
improve to clock a double-digit growth? Is that a fair understanding? You might not get double, 
but 7%, 8% type maybe. But getting double, you might still need a fair recovery in consumption. 
Fair assumption? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, definitely. At least for some categories which are absolutely discretionary like Kesh King, 
Fair and Handsome, we would need the markets to improve. But other than that, I'm hopeful. If 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
winter or summer is good, then there would be recovery in Navratna or BoroPlus or some of the 
other products. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mohan Goenka: 
Thank you, Percy. Thank you IIFL and all the participants for joining us today for this earnings 
call of Emami Limited. Thank you. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer - The following transcript has been edited for language, errors and grammar and therefore, it may not be a 
verbatim representation of the call 
 
