 
 
360 ONE WAM LIMITED (Formerly known as IIFL Wealth Management Limited)   
 
Corporate & Registered Office: IIFL Centre, Kamala City, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013 
 
Tel (91-22) 4876 5600       Fax  (91-22) 4646 4706        Email  secretarial@iiflw.com          www.360.one 
CIN: L74140MH2008PLC177884 
 
 
 
 
January 24, 2023 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 542772 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400 051. 
 
NSE Symbol: 360ONE 
 
Subject: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – 
Transcript of earnings call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Further to our earlier intimation regarding the earnings call scheduled on January 20, 2023, for the unaudited 
financial results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022, please find enclosed herewith 
the transcript of the earnings call held on January 20, 2023.  
 
The transcript of the said earnings call is also available on the website of the Company at www.360.one.  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination.  
 
Thanking you. 
Yours truly, 
 
For 360 ONE WAM LIMITED 
(Formerly known as IIFL Wealth Management Limited) 
 
 
 
Rohit Bhase 
Company Secretary 
ACS: 21409 
Encl: a/a 
 
Rohit 
Shriniwas 
Bhase
Digitally signed by 
Rohit Shriniwas 
Bhase 
Date: 2023.01.24 
16:52:07 +05'30'

1 
 
360 ONE WAM Ltd. 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call 
Moderator: 
− A very good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and good day and welcome to 360 ONE 
WAM’s Q3 FY 23 Earnings Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in listen only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management 
shares their thoughts. Should you require assistance during the conference, please 
signal the host by tapping on the raised hand icon. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. On the call today we have with us – 
Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO,  
Mr. Anshuman Maheshwari – Chief Operating Officer, and  
Mr. Sanjay Wadhwa – Chief Financial Officer.  
I now hand it over to Sanjay to take this conference ahead.  
Mr. Sanjay Wadhwa – Chief Financial Officer, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thank you Anil and a very good afternoon to everyone on the call today.  
− The year 2022 and the quarter gone by were busy periods for the market as high 
inflation and interest rate hikes continued to persist. More recently resurgence of 
Covid-19 fears in different parts of the world added to the uncertainty. Despite the 
volatility and fear, Indian markets remained relatively resilient and broadly 
outperformed global indices. The latest IMF estimates suggest that the Indian 
economy will grow at 6.1% in real terms, beating other large economies in 2023. 
Having said that, we bridge our base case on a conservative note as the sentiment 
continues to remain cautious on the back of these headwinds. 
− Amidst all challenging opportunities, we report yet another exciting quarter with 
robust improvements in ARR Assets backed by strong net flows thereby improving 
our profitability with steady retentions. Before we deep dive into financials, we 
would like to highlight that we have proposed a share split and bonus issue, both in 
the ratio of 1:1, subject to shareholder’s approval and have also declared fourth 
interim dividend of Rs 17 per share. 
− Now coming to the financials - some specific financial numbers: 
Some specific financial numbers:  
Assets Under Management (AUM) 
• Our Total AUM is now more than Rs 344,000 crore, up 4.8% YoY, up 3.4% QoQ. 
Excluding custody, our overall AUM increased 5% YoY and 3% QoQ to Rs 2.75 L 
Crs, with Wealth management AUM at Rs 216K crore and Asset Management 
AUM at Rs 59K crore  

2 
 
• Importantly, our ARR Assets increased 7% QoQ and 20% YoY to Rs 1.66 L Crs. 
With this, the share of ARR Assets in total AUM stands at 61%, as we continue 
our journey towards steadily increasing the pie of ARR assets.  
• Happy to share, that despite the market volatility, our ARR Net flows have been 
robust for the quarter at Rs 10,386 Crs.  
• Our loan book also for the quarter was at Rs 4,474 Crs, up by 4% sequentially.  
Revenues & retentions 
• Our Total Revenues were marginally up QoQ to Rs 410 Crs. As compared to Q3 
FY22, our Revenue from Operations was up 10% YoY and 9% QoQ to Rs 415 Crs 
• Importantly, our Recurring Revenues have increased 6% QoQ and 12% YoY at Rs 
276 Crs. As a percentage of operating revenue, recurring revenues comprise 
66%. 
• This quarter has also seen good transactional revenues at Rs 139 Crs. 
• Our Retentions for ARR assets have remained strong at 70 bps for Wealth “ARR” 
assets and 83 bps for Asset Management. At an aggregate level, our overall ARR 
Retentions stand at 70 bps. 
• The other income includes a foreign exchange conversion loss of Rs 5 crore, 
arising on account of the depreciation in USD, as against the SGD. This is towards 
dollar denominated assets held in our Singapore entity in the form of 
investments in Long/Short funds managed by us. This is getting offset by an FCTR 
gain reflecting in other comprehensive income, on account of the same assets 
getting restated in INR for consolidation purposes.  
Expenses 
• 
For the quarter, our Cost to Income ratio stood at 45.5%. 
• 
Our Total expenses for the quarter were up 4% QoQ to Rs 186 Crs.  
• 
Administrative & Other expenses were up 13% QoQ at Rs 54 Crs mainly due to 
rebranding costs and higher technology expenses during the quarter. 
Profitability  
• 
Our PAT stood at 180 crs, an increase of 16% YoY and up by 4% QoQ  
• 
Importantly, our tangible ROE (i.e., ROE excluding goodwill & intangibles) 
continues to remain strong at 28.6% for the quarter. 
With that we come to the end of the Financial highlights. I’ll hand it over to Anshuman 
to cover key business and strategic highlights  

3 
 
Mr. Anshuman Maheshwary – Chief Operating Officer, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thanks Sanjay, good afternoon everyone. As covered by Sanjay, it has been once 
again an exciting quarter for us amidst all the uncertainty and volatile environment 
which we expect to stay around for a while in the near term. Moving on from the 
specific financials, I want to speak through on our broad aggregate view on FY23, 
before sharing a few key highlights across our businesses. 
− Overall, as you've seen through the last 3 quarters, growth remains strong and well-
rounded across business segments and asset classes. Also, our relentless focus on 
specific metrics of Recurring Revenue Assets, Cost to Income, and Return on Capital, 
is driving sustained performance  
− Most importantly, ARR Net Flows continues to see strong traction across Wealth and 
Asset Management and at over 22k crs for 9 months, remains broadly in line with 
guidance.  
− Delving a bit deeper into this - Wealth has seen ~18.5k crs ARR net flows, nearly 
at our full year FY22 level, with 45%+ coming to IIFL One  
− Asset Management at 3.5k crs, remains healthy specifically given the external 
environment and planned distributions of over 4k crs ytd from our older AIFs. 
Want to highlight that the flows in AMC has specifically been strong in Credit and 
Real Assets, ably supported by Listed, PE and Multi-Asset LVFs - showcasing the 
strength of our well-diversified, multi-strategy platform. This allow us to go 
through these external cycles with a significantly higher resilience.  
− Overall ARR AUM is tracking at ~21% YoY growth - has seen a 4-5% impact due to 
low / negative MTM across asset classes 
− Our Operating Revenues has remained strong through the 9 months - Sustained 
retentions of 70+ bps on ARR assets and continued strong transactional income  
− Total Revenues is tracking at ~3% lower than guidance primarily due to impact of 
market volatility on Other Income 
− However, our focus on costs and operating leverage is keeping expenses in control - 
across both employees and other costs; Cost to Income sustained within guidance 
range of 44-45% 
− This has also resulted in our Operating PBT tracking strongly at ~50% YoY growth 
given robust core business performance - well above guidance; With overall PAT 
growth marginally below guidance due to lower Other Income 
− Tangible ROE tracking at guidance of 28% - Prudent capital management and 
dividend payouts sustained through the year 
Other business updates  
− Rebranding Initiative - As we've built our business over the last 14 years and spoke 
to several of our stakeholders and employees on how they perceive us, we felt it's an 
opportune time to reinforce our approach to advice and service. This is exactly what 

4 
 
our new brand 360 ONE symbolizes. 360 ONE is an embodiment of two words that 
are extremely important to us - '360' represents the holistic view we take of the 
'ONE' person whose interests are always first: Our Client. The alignment of interests 
with our clients, our employees and all our stakeholders has resulted in our company 
emerging as the leader in the industry. Our brand purpose, that has remained 
constant since 2008, is articulated as Performance Plus. Performance is objectively 
measured by numbers. It is the long-term performance that we provide to our 
clients. The manifestation of Plus is different for every stakeholder. For clients, it is 
the extra-ordinary and personalized care we take of each one of them. For 
employees, it is their career growth and the entrepreneurial culture which is core to 
our firm. For shareholders, it is our ethos of value creation with stability. 
− Mumbai Angels - We are excited to announce that our acquisition of Mumbai Angels 
is now complete. Mumbai Angels is a private investment platform for early?stage 
ventures and has a Cat 1 AIF license. 360 ONE WAM Ltd now holds 91% of the paid-
up equity share capital of Mumbai Angels.  
Mumbai Angels, one of the largest players in the early-stage investment space, will 
now be looking at a greater funnel of deals, with a deeper penetration in the early-
stage startup pool.  
We have just launched two new funds under its domain. The first one is an angel 
fund with a target of Rs 1000 Crs and a green shoe option of Rs 200 Crs. The other 
one is a VC fund of Rs 300 Crs with a green shoe option of Rs 200 Crs. 
In the Angel Fund each investment is treated as a separate scheme and offers unique 
flexibility to both investors as well as startups. The Category 1 VC Fund operates as a 
blind pool and will enable investors to participate in every deal on the platform 
This further expands our platform offering on the Asset management side and 
increases the comprehensiveness of our proposition to our Wealth clients 
− TrueScale Partnership/Arrangement - During the quarter, we also announced a 
transaction with Truescale Capital which is an emerging leader in the Series B and C 
venture growth segment. Under this arrangement Truescale will transfer the funds it 
manages alongwith sponsorships to IIFL AMC. Please note - there is no financial 
transaction here and is only a change in the investment manager and sponsor.  
The TrueScale fund complements IIFL AMC's Private Equity track record and the 
integrated offering is well-positioned to lead this important market segment.  
With this, we are glad to welcome Mr. Sameer Nath, founder of Truescale, as CIO 
and Head for our PE strategy.  
The proposed transaction is subject to applicable regulatory approvals and Sameer 
will be joining us after all approvals are received 
− Mid-market Segment - Our work on developing a strong, digital lead proposition for 
the next segment of Wealth clients continues and we are on track to showcase 
further by end of this financial year / beginning of next quarter.  

5 
 
− Technology - In addition, our investment in technology continues - specifically on 
building a comprehensiveness data platform for Wealth and Asset businesses, 
reimagining the banker journeys and further increasing the robustness of Infosec.  
− BAIN Capital transaction - we would like to note that Bain Capital transaction is now 
complete, and they hold 24.98% of 360 ONE WAM Ltd. Mr. Mr. Pavninder Singh and 
Rishi Mandavat are now part of our board as nominee directors of Bain Capital. 
With that, I would like to handover to Karan and open the session for Q&A  
Question & Answer Session: 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you Anshuman. We’ll now open the session for Q&A. May I request you to 
click on the Raise Hand icon to ask your questions. We’ll just give it a minute for the 
questions to come up. First online we have Mohit. Mohit, kindly unmute yourself 
and introduce your company.  
− Mr. Mohit Mangal – Bank of Baroda Capital: 
− Thanks for the opportunity. This is Mohit Mangal from Bank of Baroda Capital. I have 
2-3 questions. First is on the flows. If I look at the flows on the AMC side, I think we 
have seen the highest since Q1 FY22, and I think growth excluding private equity has 
been actually fantastic. So going forward, do we see muted private equity, whereas 
credit and real estate will grow further? Is that a safe assumption?  
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− No. So while that’s factually correct, the only small caveat to that is, we had 
collected a lot of private equity money in 2017-18, especially in the form of special 
opportunities funds. So, we have got a lot of those redemptions, or rather, payouts 
which are coming through over the last 9 to 12 months.  I think we’d collected nearly 
Rs 7,000-7,500 Crs, and the current value would be close to Rs 11,500-12,000 Crs, of 
which nearly 35-40% we have already paid out to investors over the last 9 months. 
So, while we’ve collected a lot of new money in private equity also, it’s just getting 
set off with the earlier redemptions. Whereas, on the credit and on the real asset 
side, they are relatively new funds over the last 2-3 years. So therefore, all the flows 
in some sense, are coming through as net flows. So, I think private equity will also 
continue to be an interesting asset class for us, but in terms of flows itself, I think for 
the next 6-9 months it will be offset with some of the older funds maturing. And 
therefore, in some senses, it will show a slightly muted net flow number. Real assets 
and credit, I think will continue to be exciting. We have got lots of new products 
coming through in both the categories. So, I think along with private equity, we 
should be seeing a strong net flow across all categories.  
− Mr. Mohit Mangal – Bank of Baroda Capital: 
− Alright. One of the drag in our flows was in the brokerage where we saw a 38 billion 
outflow. So, just wanted to know, what was that exactly? 
 

6 
 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So part of it, to a small extent, approximately nearly 55-60% of it is really moving to 
the ARR. So in some senses, the incremental flow and the ARR to that extent can be 
moderated a little bit, because it’s a shift from TBR to ARR. So if you remember, we 
always had a line item on the TBR where we got nearly close to Rs 2 to Rs 2.5 billion 
dollars, which is not earning us any income, and broadly matures through the 
current calendar year and the next calendar year; most of it. So part of it has kind of 
moved from TBR to ARR, and part of it is just the normal outflow. But nearly 60% of 
it is largely movement to the ARR bucket.  
− Mr. Mohit Mangal – Bank of Baroda Capital: 
− Alright. My next question is on MTM. I remember you saying that, if the market goes 
up by 20%, the AUM is positively impacted by 8-12%. If I look at say NIFTY going from 
17,000 to 18,000 during the quarter, which is about 6%, but MTM is actually not 
reflecting into that. So, anything changed? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− No. So, I think the MTM we just break it up into 3 parts in some senses – you’ve got 
the Wealth Management ARR bucket, you’ve got the Wealth Management TBR 
bucket and you’ve got the AMC bucket. So, the Wealth Management ARR bucket is 
broadly most active managers outside the NIFTY. For the last quarter it has broadly 
been in the region of give/take -1 to -2% to 2-3% or 3.5-4%. It’s kind of slightly 
underperformed the benchmark. Or in that case, for the last quarter, most active 
managers have kind of significantly underperformed the index. Second obviously, 
there’s a little bit of mark to market on the last quarter on our long-term bond funds. 
And thirdly, there is a little bit of flows on the Wealth ARR side which has come 
towards the 2nd half of the quarter. So, on the Wealth ARR side, these three are 
effectively contributing a little bit towards the lower MTM.  
− On the TBR side where there’s a large variation in the MTM, it’s really one financial 
investment of a client which was valued at Rs 3,500-4,000 Crs. He just wants us to 
report it at book value. So that’s the only change. So the number which is showing 
should be ideally adjusted for Rs 3,500-4,000 Crs. So it was an unlisted investment. 
He just wants us to report it at face value. So, the TBR mark to market effectively will 
go up by round about 2.5-3%.  
− And the AMC one is slightly impacted by private equity, where we follow a fairly 
conservative policy in valuing our unlisted investments. So, the little bit of MTM 
which has happened is largely on account of us using a market multiple method to 
kind of arrive at our unlisted investments. But on a broader basis, to answer your 
question, I think the Wealth ARR piece will kind of broadly reflect over the longest 
term - it will reflect the index plus the movement on the bond side. AMC will 
obviously be a little bit a function on the composition between listed and so on and 
so forth. And TBR is an exceptional item this quarter, where Rs 4,000 Crs has got 
knocked down to effectively I think Rs 10-20 Crs, which is the value of the 
investment of the client. So all put together, I think that’s really the logic. And 

7 
 
broadly speaking, if the NIFTY does do 10%, we will be at a 6-8% ARR more often 
than not in terms of mark to market.  
− Mr. Mohit Mangal – Bank of Baroda Capital: 
− Alright, perfect! I got the answer. Now, if I look at IIFL ONE, we saw brilliant growth 
in non-discretionary, but in discretionary we struggle. Even the yields also fell. So 
going into 2024, what are your expectations? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− I think discretionary was actually a fairly good quarter for us. We got Rs 1,500-1,800 
Crs of good flows. The only caveats to that was there's a large discretionary client 
who was on about Rs 1,300-1,400 Crs with us.  He had some temporary liquidity 
needs, which has gone out, and going to come back next quarter, that's impacted 
the flows a bit and for the new mandate the fee starts from 1st of January which 
means that we basically gave a 30-day kind of free period till the investment 
happens for the money to come in.  On account of the same, the retention has got 
impacted a little bit, but overall, directionally I think quite positive on the 
discretionary side.  In fact, I from a client behaviour perspective I think it's becoming 
more and more acceptable.  So, I think I wouldn't change any of my thought 
processes around it and even the retention should move back towards the 44-45 
basis points mark. 
− Mr. Mohit Mangal – Bank of Baroda Capital: 
− Perfect.  My last question is towards the non-ARR revenues, which was very strong 
at Rs 139 Crs.  So, safe to assume that the deal pipeline would be strong going 
forward in 24 and we would earn significant amount of junk in that as well? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, Mohit that's always going to be a bit of a challenge and it was not going to be as 
predictable as the rest of the business, but obviously we have the ability and the 
benefit of dealing across asset classes.  So, personally if you ask me, I think in next 12 
months, the mix of that income coming from TBR will change a bit.  I think for the 
last 12 to 18 months it's largely been around more equity denominated, I think last 
three months has been more debt denominated, so I think all the next 12 to 18 
months the nature will change a bit.  It will become more fixed income denominated 
and if the markets do kind of end up seeing fairly slowed activity, I think that bucket 
of income can potentially see around about a 10%, 15%, 20% kind of variation.  So, 
the Rs 130-139 Crs per quarter might be closer to the Rs 100-125 Crs per quarter 
kind of number. 
− Mr. Mohit Mangal – Bank of Baroda Capital: 
− Perfect and wish you a successful 2023 ahead. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thank you. 

8 
 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, Mohit.  Next in line, we have Aejas Lakhani.  Kindly unmute yourself and 
ask your question. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Hi, congratulations on very good set of numbers.  So, I wanted to just get a couple of 
final points.  One is that, the NIMs have seen a continuous expansion, so could you 
throw some comments around that? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, I think honestly our broad brand franchise with those clients continues to be 
remained fairly strong and honestly if you ask me we are still able to do our 
debentures and MLD's and so on and so forth at extremely competitive rates, maybe 
5-10 basis points higher than all the AAA rated NBFC's.  So, I think from a borrowing 
cost perspective it continued to be very, very competitive. I think through the 
quarter, there were instances where we've been able to raise money at 700-750, 
805-810 bps, which is pretty much comparable to some of the potentially the best in 
terms of borrowing.  Second on the lending side, obviously we've been able to 
translate the 50 to 75 basis points increase selectively and that's really helped us 
kind of increase the NIMs a bit. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Got it, that's very clear and could you speak about the ramp up in IIFL ONE that you 
expect and how that piece is really shaping up and give us some more granular color 
on how the team is building out?  Like Anshuman in his opening comment 
mentioned that 45% of the incremental assets this year went to IIFL One, so could 
you give some granular piece of how you're building this important piece? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, I think IIFL ONE in some senses will be the most important vertical for new flows 
over the next 12 to 18 months right because all the new deals, all the new stake 
sales, all the new clients will really come in more often than not there, they don't 
want to come on the distribution side.  It's safe to say 6 to 7 out of 10 clients above 
10 million want us to work with them either as advisors or as portfolio managers 
effectively either on the nondiscretionary side or on the discretionary side and 3-4 of 
them are still saying I've got all that worked out, why don't you show me some good 
ideas, and let's build it out from there. So, I think 60% to 70% of all net new 
acquisitions and therefore 40% to 50% of the net new flows will come through the 
umbrella of IIFL ONE in that sense.  For the remaining 30% to 50% obviously and 
maybe 20% to 30% acquisitions are those clients will continue to come on the ARR 
side, but on the non-IILF ONE revenue earning trail side.  From our perspective, I 
think that percentage is going to keep evolving maybe 3-4 years back it was 10:90, 
now it’s 60:40 in favor of IIFL One.  I think progressively as you go forward over the 
next five years, it may stabilize somewhere between the 80:10 range.  So, there 
would be 20% trail bearing distribution assets, but 75%-80% of the new acquisitions 
will end up coming on the IIFL ONE side.  So, it's a key part of the business. 

9 
 
− Now coming to the second-half of your question as to what are the levers to make 
that business successful, I think that's really the tough part and that's really where 
we spend most of our time.  So, I think for us to be having the ability to get the client 
on the non-discretionary side to pay 30-35 basis points and the discretionary side to 
pay 40-45-50-60 depending on the size of the client, you really need all the operating 
levers to fire.  So, it needs the entire trust team, the tax team, the entire advisory 
piece, the entire technology architecture, portfolio analytics, the constant review of 
the investment portfolio statement, our deep expertise on every products, plus a 
little bit for the satellite investments, innovation on products, all of that needs to 
come together and then the ability to help the client through the ODI OPI 
regulations.  So, it's a consolidated platform and it has to be practical. It needs a 360-
view.  So, from some senses it needs a full-fledged platform and we are among the 
few ones who invested in the platform early and in that sense once you have the 
complete platform, we'll have the ability to get the fee.  So, I think we need to 
constantly keep investing in that platform which we are doing in terms of people, 
technology and research, but it has to be a simultaneous process, but you'll have to 
have the full offering with the client to be able to get to IIFL ONE kind of fee 
structure. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Got it and what was the reason for the slight softness in the discretionary piece this 
quarter with reported number 0.41 versus 0.48, which is what    
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Yeah.  So, as I said - one of the large flows came in on 10-15th December and we've 
given a free break to the client till the time money gets invested, which is broadly for 
a month.  So, we're not charging him the fee on his pure liquid funds, so he'll get 
adjusted in the next quarter. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Perfect.  Got it and the other pieces, are there any synergies between the AMC and 
IIFL ONE or the complete Chinese walls    
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Complete Chinese walls, but it's a great question because IIFL ONE discretionary 
needs to be built - the portfolio management team needs to be built with the same 
kind of depth and same kind of research and same kind of analytical abilities, same 
kind of risk processes and controls pretty much as the AMC.  So, in some senses the 
portfolio management team could pretty much be sitting in any other asset 
management or our asset management firm, but the depth and ability to understand 
a client requirements and portfolio risk metrics is similar to pretty much any other 
asset management business - Specially on the discretionary side. 

10 
 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Got it.  Okay.  So, currently what I understand from your answer is that synergies 
could exist, but they're being built out very separately, so there's no cross 
subsidization 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− No, it's being built out separately and with slightly different skill. On the 
discretionary side, we are focused more on asset allocation levers.  Our largest 
products eventually will end up being ETFs, index funds, direct bonds.  So, on the 
asset management side, we are a little bit more instrument specific in the sense that 
we will be looking at more direct stocks/bonds opportunities.  On the wealth IIFL 
ONE discretionary side, we'll be looking at more pooled vehicles, so the universe we 
are studying is slightly different, but this skill sets around doing diligence and finding 
the right vehicle is pretty much the same. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Got it, got it, and I mean again it's quite exciting that you built such a large platform 
and you are so deep in that platform and I probably love to get deeper in if you could 
somehow showcase to investors that depth of IIFL ONE sometime 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Good idea.  We can maybe look at potentially putting out a separate presentation on 
that.  Anshuman and Sanjay here will work on it and it's actually come out really well 
and we are quite proud of it, so happy to kind of share also. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− So, thank you so much and lastly you had mentioned I think couple of quarters back 
that carry in terms of close to Rs 75 Crs for the year, I think it's trending around 
ballpark that same number, so should we expect carry income for the coming year as 
well for FY24.    
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Yeah.  So, actually it's kind of more or less included in our TBR income.  So, I think 
the number would be somewhere between the Rs 70-75 Crs to the Rs 110 Crs kind of 
number.  I think there's a fair degree of predictability to it.  It's across lots of funds 
and also across asset classes, so I don't see too much of variation to those numbers 
at least for the next 12 to 18 months.  Obviously, after that it may increase or 
decrease a bit in the later stage funds depending on the markets and as I discussed a 
couple of quarters back I think if I just look at the today's carry income purely on the 
mark to market basis across all our funds, it would be - the residual carry would be in 
the region of Rs 350 odd Crs of which I think most of it will get accounted of our Rs 
350-400 Crs for the 4th year pretty much in the next three to four years, but 
obviously all the funds we raised in the last two years have similar structures.  So, 
they will start kind of kicking in after the 4th year. 

11 
 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Perfect and any thoughts or guidance on how you expect net flows to shape up for 
24, I think you called out Rs 30,000 Crs including custody assets for 23 right? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, I think we want to look at net flow slightly differently just in the sense that 
looking at net flows on the TBR side is not really a very objective because it doesn't 
really have a direct correlation to the TBR income, so in terms of calling out the net 
flows we want to call out the net flows on the ARR side as opposed to the TBR side.  
So, honestly if you ask me for next year, we would like to move towards that Rs 
30,000 to 40,000 Crs of net flows, but on the ARR side.  So rather than just getting on 
to the net flows purely on ARR plus TBR, we would like that number to be closer to 
Rs 35,000-40,000 Crs only on the ARR side. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Got it and the equivalent ARR number for this year for nine months was    
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− It’s 22,000 crores if I am not wrong. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Okay, got it.  Okay and lastly just on capital allocation any thoughts of buyback 
versus dividend for the year ahead? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, honestly, I think there are lots of benefits of dividends.  Obviously, the tax is 
slightly different, buy back taxes maybe potentially 9% to 11% lower than what it's 
for dividend. But on an average if I include everybody in different levels of marginal 
rate of tax including foreign institutions, dividend tax comes lower purely because 
people are paying anywhere between 10% to 35% obviously for only residents 
including all of us promoters, the tax rate is 9% to 11% higher, but on balance I think 
dividend gives us a little bit more predictability and our ability to do it versus kind of 
carrying out medium term buyback programs, I just find it easier and cleaner.  So, I 
think all things being equal, we would prefer the dividend route.  If we ever get a 
special opportunity to do a larger kind of payout then we can potentially look at our 
buyback as an episodic activity, but on a going concern basis every quarter, I think 
dividend is really where it is. 
− Mr. Aejas Lakhani -- Equity Analyst, Unifi Capital Pvt Ltd.: 
− Got it.  Thanks a ton and wish you the best. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thanks.  Thanks a lot. 

12 
 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, Aejas.  Next in line, we have Prayesh Jain.  Kindly unmute yourself and 
ask your question. 
− Mr. Prayesh Jain – Motilal Oswal Institutional Equities: 
− Hey, hi Karan. 
− So, this is the first time we are meeting after the name change.  So, we would love to 
hear your thoughts as to what really drove this name change and what really you 
aim to accomplish with this brand change what you couldn't do with the IIFL Wealth 
brand?  So, I would love to hear your thoughts there before I ask my questions on 
the business front. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, quick answer in three parts.  First, we are obviously still awaiting a few regulatory 
approvals for our overall brand change.  I think for the mutual fund, it's still awaited.  
The rest of it I think is more or less implemented including for the NBFC and most of 
the group for most of the businesses.  I think for the brokerage business also some 
small approval from NSE is pending, but those are all procedural in nature.  I'm 
hoping we'll get there over the next 30 to 45 days.  I think from an exchange 
perspective, we've got approval for the ticker to change from 23rd of January, so I 
think the name will change on the exchange from IIFL WAM to 363 ONE on 23rd of 
Jan.  Now, coming to the second part - I don't think the name change was so much of 
a binary event where we needed it to do anything which we were not able to do with 
earlier name.  I don't think it was that binary in nature, but the motivations around 
the name change really was threefold.  The first reason really was to ensure clarity in 
the business activities of the 3 demerged entities, which is IIFL finance, securities, 
and finance. So, I think that was the first motivation really in terms of the name 
change. 
− The second motivation really was on what the name represents as a whole.  I think 
that's really for us has come out extremely well and thirdly for us marks the third 
chapter of growth in the company over the next five to seven years.  In terms of 
business activities and what we could do and what we can't do, I don't think so 
there's anything like that.  I think we had the ability to do anything or everything we 
wanted within the earlier brand of IIFL Wealth and Asset Management and I think 
the same continues here.  So, I wouldn't put it as a binary event, but at the same 
point of time it allows us to build our identity in a more clear and distinct manner in 
the market. 
− Mr. Prayesh Jain – Motilal Oswal Institutional Equities: 
− Great, great, thanks.  Just extending the previous participants question on the flow 
front, so is there a more challenge to get flows now given the market situation 
where we are in people talking about slowing down of GDP growth, slowing down of 
incomes, Interest rates on the higher side, which would possibly put pressure on 
liquidity for quite a few of entrepreneurs and also on the other hand we have a 
competitive intensity in the entire industry and of increasing within a lot of more 

13 
 
participants in this HNI segment, so do you see that incremental flows are coming at 
a more in a more challenging manner and at a much lesser pricing or is there I'm 
reading it wrong? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, three things I think are to answer a question very quickly, see the 
macroeconomic indicators and slowness of business activity have typically come into 
flows with a lag, so as of now we're not seeing it.  I think the quantum of business 
activity in terms of mergers and acquisition strategic sales especially on the unlisted 
side continue to be very, very active and whether there are 2/4th or 3/4th of the 
actions that we call of them across the country are fairly active yet.  I think obviously 
if things were to dramatically slow down you would see some bit of impact come 
through over the next 6-9 months because a lot of these transactions take a fair 
degree of time to close.  Would I expect flows to be slightly more muted coming out 
of new state sales over the next 12 months? then I think just looking at the global 
macros potentially slightly lower, which obviously means that we slightly need to 
work harder in terms of getting market share and increasing the scale of wallet share 
from our existing - getting market share from our competitors and also increasing 
the market share and wallet share with our existing clients. 
− Secondly, I think purely from a competitive intensity perspective, I think you're right, 
there are different levels of competitive intensities between different markets, but 
overall we find ourselves in a fairly good place, I think outside barring a couple of 
cities where we think we can definitely increase our presence, we find ourselves very 
well positioned pretty much in most markets to get access to 60%, 70%, 80% of the 
deals.  Obviously, I think pricing sometimes can be a little competitive at the point of 
start, but we've seen it getting stabilized very well over 6-9-12 months because 
clients really appreciate the work you're doing and they soon realize that 30-35-40 
basis points versus the impact on returns is not going to be an issue 
− Third, I think on the pure activity level within net flows, it is going to be a function of 
how we approach it.  So, we will have to have different multi asset classes well in 
store and a little bit of innovation on the product side to ensure that if markets do 
become flattish to negative, other asset classes kind of come into being.  So, I think 
that's a very big advantage we have and as wealth managers in the industry for the 
last 20-22 years, we've seen at least three or four cycles and the good news is clients 
really don't shut out.  They start looking at other opportunities and more often the 
debt becomes super attractive, yield bearing assets become super attractive, and 
that's really when we need to be there with the client and ensure that the mix is well 
managed.  I feel confident about getting to that your number between Rs 30,000-
35,000-40,000 Crs.  Obviously, your numbers may train towards the 30 or may move 
towards ahead of the 40 depending on the pace and the excitement in the markets, 
but I think at the baseline round about 30 or at the more optimistic case around the 
45 number, we are fairly confident we'll be able to get that. 
− Mr. Prayesh Jain – Motilal Oswal Institutional Equities: 
− And last question from my side will again be on the IIFL ONE yield tensions. So, I 
remember a year back you had mentioned that within 3 years you were aiming to 

14 
 
reach the retentions at around 40 bps. We today are at, even adjusted for that, you 
know, one of the clients’ flows, you will possibly be somewhere be around 30 bps for 
the overall entity, right, overall IIFL ONE. Would you still say that in the next couple 
of years we can reach the 40 bps number?    
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− No, we have discussed this in the last earnings call, I think the corporate treasury 
piece has to be looked upon slightly separately. But outside of that the 40 to 50 bps 
number will definitely come through.  
− Mr. Prayesh Jain – Motilal Oswal Institutional Equities: 
− Okay, great all the best.  
− Moderator:  
− Thank you, Prayesh. Next in line we have Kunal Shah, kindly unmute yourself and ask 
your question. 
− Mr. Kunal Shah:  
− Hi, Karan.  
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Hi, how are you? 
− Mr. Kunal Shah:  
− Congratulations for a good set of numbers. So, firstly with respect to managed 
assets, distribution of managed assets retention has been on a downward trajectory 
and I think that piece has almost doubled say compared to that of March. So, is it 
more to do with maybe the distributor and the manufacturer relationship at say the 
wealth and asset management level and some change in dynamics out there because 
in wealth also we saw almost Rs 2000 Crs alternate funds flow. And there would 
have been some distribution of that as well. So, is it more to do with that or some 
mixed change within the managed assets is what is actually leading this? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− No, that’s a fair question, I think of the 3 reasons that you put out, all three can be 
reasons. I think it is not really a big change in the distributor-manufacturer 
relationship. I think that’s pretty much the way it used to be. On the wealth 
management side we end up sharing fees with the manufacturer quite liberally in 
that sense. So, I don't think that equation is changing in a hurry. The reason for the 
change is really two things, I think the older assets which move into trail are at 
slightly lower rates than the newer assets as they have older upfronts which were 
paid were already there. And second, specifically in the last 3 to 6 months I think a 
collection on the fixed income has been quite high, especially on the credit infra as 
well as in the fixed income side. So there the asset class mix is causing a bit of an 
impact. So, compared to equity and private equity and alternates where the gross 

15 
 
management fee will be typically in the region of 150 to 175 bps of which we would 
typically get 55 to 60%, the gross fees on the other asset classes are in the region of 
90 to 125 bps. So, effectively we are getting 60% of that or 55% of that. So, 
effectively that’s kind of causing the change. So, I think second and third points are 
really the reasons. On the first point we have been fairly manufacturer friendly for a 
long period of time. So, we effectively end up sharing anywhere between 50% to 
60% of the management fee. I don't think so that’s really changed in the industry in a 
big way. 
− Mr. Kunal Shah:  
− Sure, and secondly in terms of what you’ve added with respect to say Rs 30-40K Crs 
of net inflows on ARR, and you said that we can ignore say on the transactional side 
but there is some maybe transition which is also happening and that’s been part of 
our focus area. So out of this 30-40K how much would be coming from the existing 
transactional assets of your TBR, and how much would be like the real your additions 
which would be there. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, broadly out of the TBR assets which were not earning us anything, going-in 
assumption is anywhere about between 50 to 60% will move into ARR. So, now the 
pending number there would be nearly between Rs 10,000 to 12,000 Crs so I think Rs 
4,000 to 5,000 to 6,000 Crs will come from that TBR into ARR. Otherwise, in some 
senses maybe another Rs 4,000-5,000 Crs would be normal TBR. Otherwise, 25 to 
30,000 crores will be coming from new engagements altogether.  To answer your 
question 25-30% of the existing TBR. 
− Mr. Kunal Shah:  
− Got that. And lastly in terms of this entire re-branding, so where do we see 
maximum impact in terms of the quantitative numbers. Would it be with respect to 
growth, with respect to retention, how should one look at it. You said maybe, you 
highlighted it in terms of the 3 key rationale for doing this but on a quantitative 
impact do we see in terms of increasing the guidance or something coming through 
because of the entire exercise. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Not really, I don't think so, I think qualitative changes will reach to quantitative 
changes eventually. So, the biggest qualitative change would be a distinct brand - 
clear identity in the client’s mind, clear identity in the employee’s mind. Our ability 
to kind of build a brand ethos of our own, you know, when we follow our product 
approval committee is just ensuring a certain process and discipline to what we do 
and what we stand for. And therefore, eventually kind of building out the brand 
clearly with all stakeholders, most importantly with the client and the employee, is 
really I see as the big benefit. That obviously translates into softer factors like 
retention of employees and clients in the medium term and eventually it kind of 
leads to better quantitative numbers.  

16 
 
− Mr. Kunal Shah:  
− Sure. And getting into the guidance for FY24 any revision which we see in any of the 
line items or we continue what we articulated at the end of FY22 earnings.  
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− I think broadly in line but obviously the way we wanted to do our guidance for the 
next two years maybe do it at the end of this quarter, kind of get it board approved 
also and then release it with our earnings cycle. But if you ask me today it is broadly 
in line, I don't see too many changes there.  
− Mr. Kunal Shah:  
− Sure, thank you, thanks a lot and all the best. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thank you. 
− Moderator: 
− May I remind you to ask your questions, please signal the host by clicking on the 
raised hand icon. Next in line we have Abhijeet Sakhare, kindly unmute yourself and 
ask your question. Abhijit, kindly unmute yourself and ask your question. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Sakhare: 
− Hi, good afternoon. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Hi, Abhijeet. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Sakhare: 
− So, how do you see the next year pan out, like the ask rate on flows and returns 
likely to be higher now that cost savings will sit in the base and then probably some 
expected expenses towards the mid-market roll out. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, I think most of these 3-4 things are factored in our assumptions right now, I don't 
see them as an absolute new thing. Obviously, from an expense perspective we are 
fairly confident of our own assumptions on the employee expense side which is 
honestly representing 75% to 80% or 85% of our expenses. I think that’s a well 
charted course. I won’t say we are 100% efficient and productive there but we have 
improved a lot. I think we still have the potential to maybe improve the productivity 
by 4% to 5%. But a lot of those 4%-5% productivity gains effectively kind of get lost in 
some sense in terms of growth because you hire new teams, you build new 
strategies on the asset management side and you build new geographies on the 
wealth management side. So, I would say there is 4% to 5% to 6% productivity on the 
employee side which will kind of get a little bit offset with our new initiatives. On the 

17 
 
other expenses, I think the biggest variable honestly is technology. Outside of that 
the expenses are not really a lever of the quantum of business we do, whether we 
look at rent, whether we look at all our corporate expenses you know small things 
like travel and all will be linear. But outside of that the operating leverage on the 
expense side will be fairly high. The only things which you know on a slate can 
become a little bit more sequential to growth and the response to the environment 
will be a little bit on technology. So, we are quite confident we will be able to 
squeeze our expenses to be in the right framework and the right number to maintain 
the same percentages, but honestly the only thing which I sometimes think about is 
ensuring and kind of optimizing the tech spends, everything else is something which 
is quite predictable and non-linear to growth now. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Sakhare: 
− Got that. And secondly, on the IIFL ONE, now given that clients are increasingly 
preferring the advisory fee model and you seem to have a good head start here. So, 
like when you look at the numbers over the last 12 odd months, are you seeing that 
visible in terms of better market share gains on incremental flows. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− I would say 8 out of 10 cities the answer is yes if I would just look at the 10 big cities. 
Two cities maybe no because we don't have the full fire power there yet in terms of 
delivery, but broadly speaking the answer is absolutely yes. But again wherever I am 
saying a resounding yes, we need all three things to happen. We need the entire 
platform in action, we need the entire team in action plus we need all of us to 
support the team. So, wherever you get all three things together I think it is a 
resounding yes.  
− Mr. Abhijeet Sakhare: 
− Got that.  And on the IIFL ONE how does the fee curve look like across ticket size let’s 
say you know 10 million, 25 million, 50 million, what’s the sort of difference that you 
have across different sizes? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− I think the challenge is really coming in north of 40-50 million where they want to 
cap the fees, right, that’s really the challenge. I think the percentages are not 
dramatically changing between the 35 to 50 bps. But where the challenge comes is 
the capping of the fees wherever the fees is exceeding let’s say Rs 10 lakhs a month 
broadly, that’s really where the clients are saying you know is it a linear function on 
the fee side. We don't face the same challenge on the discretionary side, on the 
discretionary side the client is looking at us as an advisor and as a portfolio manager. 
So, there the capping of the fees is not coming into play in such a significant way. But 
on the non-discretionary side I think mentally clients are not kind of too happy about 
exceeding that Rs 1-2 crore number a year.  So, I think where it will become a play is 
we have only clients above 30-40 million, I think the percentages in terms of bps can 
look slightly awry. 

18 
 
− Mr. Abhijeet Sakhare: 
− Got that, and lastly like whatever redemptions have been happening on the existing 
set of clients especially on the private equity side, have you been able to let’s say 
redirect them onto the platform or onto the other strategies.  
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− I think broadly speaking wherever let’s say IIFL Wealth has been a distributor I think 
the ratio has been round about  60-65% where we have got third party distributors is 
broadly round about 35 to 40%. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Sakhare: 
− Got that. And last one given the focus on passive strategies, any let’s say any 
initiatives there or will broadly rely on the external product providers. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So honestly, we have lots of IPS checks now on the wealth management side where 
not more than 5-10-15-20% of our portfolios can go into our own products. So 
typically speaking that 5-10% typically finds its way into more innovative ideas from 
our side, the more ETFs and the simpler long only products and so on and so forth 
more often than not would end up with third party managers.  
− Mr. Abhijeet Sakhare: 
− Got that, that’s helpful, thanks a lot. 
− Moderator:  
− Thanks, Abhijeet. Next in line we have Dipanjan, kindly unmute yourself and ask your 
questions. Dipanjan, I think he has moved out of the queue. We have Sanjay Kumar, 
Sanjay, kindly unmute and ask your question.  
− Mr. Sanjay Kumar: 
− Hi, Karan. First question on the tier 2 and tier 3 piece, what would be our current 
footprint and how many cities are we present currently. Because in the last 6 months 
I have been seeing commentary from say be it Bank of Baroda’s wealth 
management, Motilal they are all talking about the tier 2/3 piece growing faster say 
Coimbatore, Vizag, Mysore, Ludhiana, even some competitors are going to 
Chandigarh instead of Mumbai. So, where are we on that, what is our current 
footprint? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− We should have been faster to be honest, I think we fully agree with the thesis. I 
think there's a lot of growth happening. We have kind of moved from 14-15 to 23-24 
cities very effectively. And we have got disproportionate gains in the next 7-8 cities. 
But ideally speaking if I just look at our own leadership map thought process, I think 
we had around 38-40 cities in mind. I am hoping to ensure that we get across to the 

19 
 
next 14-15 cities over the next 3 to 6 months. But to answer your question there are 
clear 40 cities today where people like us with let’s say not a requirement or a need 
but an aspiration to handle clients above Rs 15-20 Crs, 35 to 40 markets can be fairly 
tangible markets. For us today that number is closer to 21 to 23.  
− Mr. Sanjay Kumar: 
− What would be the size of this 40? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− In the sense, sorry? 
− Mr. Sanjay Kumar: 
− Size of the AUMs of these? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− No, so that size of the AUM broadly here it is available on the AMFI data but our 
typical experience is if you look at the AMFI AUM and strip out the treasury AUM 
that into approximately 3 to 4 times would be the size of the market. 
− Mr. Sanjay Kumar: 
− Okay, thank you. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thank you. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. we will take one last question from Dipanjan, Dipanjan, in case you are 
back kindly unmute yourself and ask your question. 
− Mr. Dipanjan: 
− Am I audible now? 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Yes, you are audible. 
− Mr. Dipanjan: 
− Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question from my side, you know on the mid-
market strategy and Anshuman highlighted that you will come out with more 
disclosures maybe some time during the next calendar year. But just from a 
theoretical perspective what are the key competencies that you really require to 
dominate in this market. My understanding is that there are already some players 
who have been operating in this market for some time, and you are probably trying 
to enter a new segment per se in that way. Second, you know, from a long term 
perspective or medium to long term perspective in terms of profitability be it your 

20 
 
cost ratios or yields or the way you deliver the product to the customer, how does 
the entire unit economics really shape up from the mid-market versus let’s say 
where you are operating now, and how do you think of it more from a medium to 
long term perspective. And last one question, any other you know inorganic 
opportunities that you are evaluating or maybe are in the final stages that you think 
can materialize going ahead.  
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− So, I will answer third question first. Honestly, right now nothing really, we are not 
evaluating any large inorganic opportunities. I think we are fairly focused on our two 
core activities and the two core engines, I think both have enough opportunities for 
us. And from a product and people platform perspective I think we are fairly well 
built on both the businesses, therefore it is really going to be about us being able to 
on the asset management side build deeper within strategies and on the wealth 
management side potentially expand a little bit more in terms of teams and in terms 
of geographies, those two would be our key focus areas.  
− In terms of your first couple of questions, - on the mid-market side as Anshuman 
pointed out I think obviously from a closed user group and a little bit of disclosure on 
strategy and stuff like that around April-May. I think he said beginning of next 
financial year not calendar year. So, effectively April-May is when we will be kind of 
more ready with most of our strategies but maybe I think philosophically in terms of 
strategy I will address the question a little bit later. When we call it mid-market, I 
think it has to be looked upon slightly differently. For us the mid-market would be 
more or less the upper end of the high net worth segment in India. So, we are not 
really looking at Rs 25-50 lakhs in that sense, we are really trying to attack the client 
who has a financial asset portfolio of anywhere between Rs 5 to 25 Crs and 
potentially 3 to 5 years from today Rs 10 to 50 Crs. See, what's happening on our 
wealth management business as is becoming more and more advisory it is swinging a 
little bit more directionally towards the north of Rs 25 crs of 50 Crs clients based 
with us. So, what we expect in the next 3 to 5 years is our core wealth management 
business will head more and more towards a Rs 25-50 Crs client base, and the mid-
market business will move more towards a Rs 5 to 20 Crs to the 10 to 25 Crs base. 
So, in some sense it is not really the conventional mid-market definition which is 
really there. We also expect the mid-market business and the 5 to 20/10 to 50 Crs 
business to be slightly more product driven, so it has to be a little bit more built 
around innovation and value added services as opposed to built around pure advice. 
The high net worth individual which is the Rs 50 Crs plus client will more and more or 
the Rs 25 Crs plus client today will more and more demand a full platform advice 
whereas the client just below will demand more agility of execution, innovation on 
the product side and more value added services. So, I think that’s the going-in thesis. 
Obviously, having said that the Rs 5 to 25 Crs population of the client is massively 
wooed by all wealth management firms within banks. So, we will have to have a 
differentiated proposition to ensure that he looks at his bank as the enabler for his 
banking needs and he looks at us for his wealth management requirements. So, 
that’s really the mystery we have to work on, on the mid-market side. And we feel 
we have a fairly powerful proposition which will come through there. But not really 

21 
 
for the Rs 25-50 lakh client, we will become more a means of servicing today let’s say 
the Rs 5 to 25 Crs client. 
− Mr. Dipanjan: 
− Sure, just one small follow-up, if I understand correctly, you know, this mid segment 
the Rs 5 to 25 - 30 Crs, over a period of time let’s say next 5 to years it will be less 
people intensive and may derive more leverage benefits, whereas the cost will be 
more front loaded whereas compared to your let’s say legacy business which is on a 
going concern basis quite people intensive in a way.  
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− You are fully right, but at the same point of time I think it will be platform intensive, 
it won’t be people intensive. So, it will require constant investment on the platform. 
Value added services will be very, very important. So, I think you are absolutely right, 
I think the Rs 50 Crs plus business will be slightly more people managed and people 
intensive, the first part of the business will become a little more platform intensive.  
− Mr. Dipanjan: 
− Sure, sure, thanks and all the best, Karan. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thank you. 
− Moderator:  
− Thank you, and I think that’s all that we have time for this afternoon, Karan. So, on 
behalf of 360 ONE WAM thank you for joining us and look forward to your 
participation next quarter. 
− Mr. Karan Bhagat – Managing Director & CEO, 360 ONE WAM Ltd: 
− Thank you everybody. 
 
End of transcript 
