 
ROLEX RINGS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Rolex Rings Private Limited) 
[CIN:    L28910GJ2003PLC041991] 
Regd. Office:-BEHIND GLOWTECH PRIVATE LIMITED, GONDAL ROAD, KOTHARIA, RAJKOT 
Phone: (281 )6699577/6699677  
Email: compliance@rolexrings.com website. www.rolexrings.com 
 
Ref. RolexRings/Reg30/AnalystMeeting/Feb2023/1 
  
February 09, 2023 
 
 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Script Code: 543325 
 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Script Symbol: ROLEXRINGS 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the company participated in 
Investor/Analyst Call as given below: 
 
Date 
Type of Meeting/Event 
Location 
February 08, 2023 
Investor/Analyst 
Call 
scheduled 
by 
Equirus 
Securities 
with 
the 
management of the company 
to discuss the company’s 
results for 3QFY23 
Zoom Meeting (Virtual) 
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) was shared/discussed in the meeting 
with the investors/analysts. 
 
However, as a matter of better compliance & investors’ services, the Transcripts of the said 
Analyst Call is attached herewith, for reference & record please. 
 
Please take the same on your records 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Rolex Rings Limited 
(Formerly known as Rolex Rings Private Limited) 
 
 
_______________________ 
Hardik Dhimantbhai Gandhi  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
{Membership No. A39931] 
Hardik Dhimantbhai 
Gandhi
Digitally signed by Hardik Dhimantbhai Gandhi 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=f155c1b6346787019f871ccb7fda97ca51d3fc281178705de076db344bae
7e58, postalCode=360002, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=800c5cd4d119aed4c97338989ca872c94ea94957bf4b8d1bd82109
65bab36468, cn=Hardik Dhimantbhai Gandhi 
Date: 2023.02.09 19:14:38 +05'30'

File Name: Rolex Earnings Call Recording_3QFY23 
Duration: 60:19 
Ashutosh [0:53]: Yeah. Hi. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Equarus, I welcome you all on 3rd 
quarter FY 23 conference call of Rolex Rings. From the management side we have Managing 
Director, Mr. Manish Madeka and CFO Mr. Hiren Doshi. Without further ado, I hand over the call to 
Mr. Hiren Doshi for opening comments post which will open for Q&A.Over to you Hiren Bhai. 
Hiren [1:21]: Thank you, Mr. Ashutosh. Good morning to all of you. I fully acknowledge your 
presence for update on the earnings or quarterly call for the quarter ended December 22. I hope my 
screen is visible? 
Ashutosh [1:41]: Yes 
Hiren [1:42]: Okay. Straight away taking to the financial numbers and setting important parameters 
of financials. Ladies and gentlemen would like to update that for the quarter ended December i.e Q3 
of FY 23. Pardon me one epic error is there, Q2 is basically a number of Q3 FY 23 which we recorded 
with 308 Crore rupee revenue, which is the highest in a particular quarter till now, with compared to 
earlier quarter it was, September quarter was 290 odd Crore and having growth of [Inaudible 2:28] 
.In terms of EBITDA we recorded 75.2 Crore rupees EBITDA in the particular December quarter and 
which was 69 Crore in Quarter 2 of FY 23. In terms of percentage, it has marginally improved by half 
a percentage earlier it was 23.4 and by the end of Quarter 3, it is 23.9 percentage. In terms of PBT it 
was 49 crore in Quarter two, it has increased to 53 crore in Quarter 3 of FY 23. PAT, I'm sorry, it is 
PAT.In the PBT earlier it was 60 crore and it has increased to 65 odd crore in Quarter 3 of FY 23. In 
terms of my revenue mix, broadly, it was saying what we have a pattern of bearing rings and auto 
components. Bearing Rings is somewhere about 50 to 53 percentage and auto components 47 to 49 
percentage considering the only two this revenue, but overall revenue considering my scrap and 
other income that are definitely bearing ring cushion is more that is somewhere about 53 
percentage 54 percentage in terms of exports and domestic as it is there almost 60% we are 
touching to overseas revenue and 40% towards the domestic. Well again, I would like to update you 
that company is getting consistent new inquiry from the European as well as US market. No doubt 
the Europe market is bit sluggish and we are facing some kind of slowdown even from our existing 
customers from the Europe, but the company is trying to maintain or rather to cope up with the 
addition of the new customer to the best possible extent so that the revenue momentum will be 
what we have envisaged for this particular FY 23.Down the line the next couple of quarters we do 
not expect any significant turnaround from the European market. It would be more or less on the 
same line and that is how we are expecting next fiscal is on the same line and having you know, 
growth of 15 to 18 % or something like that on our annualized number of FY 23. But looking to the 
inquiries and the programs, what has already been allotted, and we are expecting the same to be 
confirmed in the Q4 of this fiscal or in Q1 of the next fiscal definitely company is very much bullish 
for the FY 25 and expecting growth more than 20-25% over the numbers of fiscal 24. At the same 
time, I would like to tell you that the inserting uncertainty in terms of raw material pricing, in terms 
of overseas ocean freight, container availability and all these things, for the particularly last quarter, 
it has been almost stabilized and we are getting back to pre COVID level in terms of ocean freight as 
well as the availability of containers and the raw material pricing is more or less stabilized as of now, 
we do not expect much of the fluctuations in the couple of quarters. I would like to update that we 

were in process of installation of ground mounted solar project and out of that 4 megawatt project 
has already been operationalized in last month, and the remaining 11 to 12 megawatt we are 
expecting somewhere in between March to April 23, which will give a significant benefit particularly 
for the entire fiscal in next year. I would like to update that the operating cash flow is quite strong 
during the fiscal and with that company was able to reduce the short term debt drastically and long 
term debt as of now, it is almost on the verge of moving out of the balance sheet. As on 31st 
December, long term debt was hardly 12 crore rupees which company is planning to pay off maybe 
by the end of this fiscal. By revenue bifurcation what we have been updated earlier also that in 
between 40 to 44% that comes from the various passenger vehicle segments are 23 percentage in 
the current fiscal it is from the industrial and the commercial vehicle, heavy commercial vehicle 
where company is gaining bit, again further it would be strengthened  particularly in these three 
segments rather industrial,CV,HCV  and hybrid vehicle and in commercial vehicle LCV we have raised 
to almost 20- 29% of our revenue, we expect further it will be strong and particularly in industrial 
segment we are expecting a bit higher in the current, next fiscal. In terms of overall operational 
revenue would like to bear that for the 9 months company has recorded 885 Crore revenue apart 
from the other income that is interest and certain financial income which earlier it was 100 and 1016 
crore for the FY 22. We are almost on the same line what we have envisaged and we would be able 
to touch the targets or the numbers what we have given or an estimated for this FY 23. In terms of 
EBITDA the nine months cumulative EBITDA is 215 crore, which was 240 crore for the entire year. In 
terms of percentage as I was mentioning, it has gone up by half a percentage point .4 to.5 
percentage. PBT of the company for this nine months is 186 Crore vis a vis 194 Crore for the entire 
fiscal, we can say we are behind hardly 5 to 6 percentage whereas my 25% of the remaining period is 
yet to come and in terms of PAT, 152 Crore we have recorded in nine months and which was 132 
crore for the entire fiscal year the benefit of taxation or rather getting the new tax regime is also 
factored here. In terms of operating cash flow as I was mentioning it has quite increased compared 
to previous fiscal in FY 22,my Operating cash flow was somewhere about 59 Crore vis a vis ,in this 
first half it was 86 crore, but if I tell you by end of December for the nine months it has crossed 140 
odd crores. Now this 140 crores have been used maximum it has been used to reduce my working 
capital to the extent of 90 by 200 crores out of that 30 odd crores something has been invested in 
CapEx including solar and long term debt has almost reduced by 13 crore. In terms of net debt as on 
September of last year it was 166 crore, let me tell you and by the end of December this net debt 
figure is 87 crore and again in this 87 crore ,12 odd crores is the long term debt which is outstanding 
which company is planning to pay off by the end of this fiscal. So we expect net debt equity yet to be 
strong in the last quarter. In terms of RoE, again it has increased to 27% by September 23. And it is 
somewhere about 29 and a half percentage by nine months ended December 22. These are the 
detailed numbers, operational numbers in terms of profit, P&L and the balance sheet. Would like 
members to just go through in detail and let us have any query any concerns in this regard. I would 
like to, I would be happy to answer your queries session is open for Q&A. Thank you. 
Ashutosh [11:18]:  Thank you, Hiren Sir for the detailed opening remark. We would now like to open 
the floor for Q&A session. Anyone who has a question can use the raise your hand option. And once 
you're done asking your question, please use the lower your hand option. We'll wait for a couple of 
minutes for the question queue to assemble. So we have our first question from Mr. Bhargav. Please 
unmute your line and ask your question. [Long Pause 12:24] Yeah, as there's no response we'll move 
on to Mr. Sunil, please unmute your line and ask your question. 

Sunil [12:35]: Yeah, hi, good morning sir. And thanks for taking my question. Great to see you finally 
crossing the Turnover of 300 crores a quarter for this quarter. So, just one row I mean get some 
basic numbers first. So, what was the product revenue for this quarter? 
Hiren [12:53]: Product Revenue simply bearing ring the auto component only, it was 287 crores I'm 
not considering scrap if you adding scrap revenue that is somewhere about 15 up odd crore so both 
put together it was 302 crore rupees 303 crore rupees. 
Sunil [13:16]: And the other operating include? 
Hiren [13:21]: That is hardly you know, this one export incentive to the extent of 4 crore, windmill is 
somewhere about 1 crore put together this 308 Crore with the other income of somewhere about 
67 million. 
Sunil [13:43]: And so, I mean, just in terms of the outlook like you've mentioned that even though 
there are challenges in Europe, you are expecting a 15 to 18% growth for next year. So, do you still 
you see sequentially we will continue to grow go up from this 300 Crore sort of level? 
Hiren [14:09]: Yeah. Mr.Sunil looking to the you know, the program which has been already been 
awarded and I mean after new customers are from U.S. with whom we were talking since  from the 
very beginning of this system, we expect them to be there on the board in the second quarter of 
next fiscal and apart from that the European new customers what we have added you know, no 
doubt they have started a bit slow but we expect some kind of additional volume from them and 
beyond that domestic market particularly in the industrial segment and other segments we are 
expecting additional enquiry or rather additional lifting. 
Sunil [14:56]: Got it Sir, so as of now I mean like will you have visibility for say 15% growth next 
year? 
Hiren [15:05]: We are looking into the numbers and the plan or projections what our customers 
have indicated as of now. 
Sunil [15:16]: Got it sir. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Ashutosh [15:27]: We have our next question from Mr. Jehan, please unmute your line and ask your 
question. 
Jehan [15:33]: Yeah, good morning sir, first question is on the raw material cost to sales, that 
percentage has declined quite a bit, it has been very stable at around 46 - 47% levels, but this 
quarter it was at almost 50 to 53% levels. So, what was the reason for such a sharp increase in the 
raw material cost to sales? 
Hiren [16:01]: So, there are various reasons towards that, the certain new components what we are 
developing we are on the trial end stage as of now, and even the product mix what we are selling 
having a better revenue sometimes it is not like that generally trade is at 46 to 47,sometimes it got 
fluctuated in between 40 to 52 percentage, and partially as earlier also we were mentioning that 
sometime like because of a rate increase rate decrease is yet to be passed on to the customer. So, 
something some recovery from my customers towards raw material that may come, that will come 

in the first quarter or rather Q4 of FY 23. So, but on an average by and large it would be in the range, 
you know 40 to 50% on an annual basis. 
Jehan [16:54]:  Okay, And another question is on the sales growth that you have guided for 15 to 
18% growth next year and FY 25 growth should be 20 to 25%. So, can you explain why this you know, 
kind of relative slowdown in FY 24 And then acceleration again in FY 25? 
Hiren [17:19]: See, the main reason is just because of you know, certain European yet they have got 
European market yet it has not been stabilized and we are bit not clear how my existing customer 
may further go down by 5 to 10 percentage even we don't expect you know, the quick restart from 
the our new customers, couple of customers what they were supposed to you know, lifting or rather 
big supplies from the last quarter, but yet they are starting in this month gradually, again the volume 
what they have indicated it has gone down. So, that is how we are not expecting or rather at least 
for next couple of quarters, a quick recovery from the European market. 
Jehan [18:07]: Right 
Hiren [Inaudible 18:11]: to some extent. 
Jehan [18:13]: Okay, Thank you Sir 
Ashutosh [18:20]: So I'll take questions from Mr. Bhargav from the chat. So, first question is how 
much of the new orders are from Europe? 
Hiren [18:30]: Sorry? 
Ashutosh [18:31]: How much of the new order wins are from Europe? 
Hiren [18:33]: So, to quantify, let me tell you on an average on a quarterly basis from European 
market, we have almost 5-7 crores rupees particularly in last couple of quarters average of 5-7 crore 
rupees in last two quarters, we expect it to be maybe for Q4 as well as Q1 of next year. But that 
definitely thereafter we expect it will be more than 10 to 12 crore. 
Unknown [19:12]:  Hiren Bhai his question is like what orders we have won and your forecasting the 
revenue in 25 and all, roughly what percentage of those are from Euro, if you can quantify like order 
wins that has happened already, how much percentage could be from Europe of that? [Inaudible 
19:33] 
Hiren [19:31]: Out of total quantum or rather the growth what we are expecting from them, we 
expect at least 20 to 25% would be coming from European market. That is our conservative 
expectation, If we are talking about 25 numbers 
Unknown [19:55]: Okay, is there any question from chat? 
Ashutosh [20:06]: Yeah. So there is a second question from Mr. Bhargav. So, he's asking what the 
current order book is and how is the traction with Korean and German customers? 
Hiren [20:18]: My current order book is ranging in between 105-115 crore rupees on month on 
month basis. And the second portion of your question can you please come again. 

Ashutosh [20:30]: Yeah, so, how is the traction with Korean and German customers? 
Hiren [20:35]: Okay, I request my MD, Mr.Manish to take this question. 
Ashutosh [20:42]: Sir, if you can.Sir you are on mute 
Manish [20:52]: Yeah,I could not understand the question what Korean and German? 
Ashutosh [20:59]: What traction. Sir, what sort of traction are we seeing from them Korean and 
German customers? 
Manish [21:05]: So Europe as Hiren said they are passing through recession, but we have added new 
customers from Europe and USA both were present there the simple submission activity is going on 
and in automotive components, it takes always more than 6 months one year to start the bulk 
supply and that activity was started in the second quarter and third quarter of this year. So, from 
April onward, we are expecting some good volume the initial volume we will start supplying. 
Ashutosh [21:53]: Sir, what we are also asking is do we expect any competition from the Korean 
market? 
Manish [21:59]: Not from Korean market. You see in Europe you all may know that energy cost has 
gone up drastically. And now they are looking towards India or China for their sourcing. At present 
we are getting a lot of RFQ inquiries from Europe and USA and out of that one or two this EV 
component or electrical vehicle we have been nominated by one of the very big transmission 
producer USA. So, looking to that we are expecting 15 to 20% growth next year also. Europe is 
already in recession and whatever revenue we are getting now they are passing through the 
recession. But by adding new customer, we have maintained that our revenue of 100 Crore  
Unknown [23:09]: Yeah. Okay, thank you Sir. Yeah, next question please. 
Ashutosh [23:19]: Our next question comes from Mr. Praveen. Please unmute your line and ask the 
question. 
Praveen [23:26]: Yeah. Hi, I'm audible? 
Ashutosh [23:28]: Yes 
Praveen [23:30]: Hi, thanks for this opportunity. Sir, just one question on the domestic front, if you 
can just help us to understand how is the demand in the domestic market number one, number two 
since the [Inaudible 23:45] both are expanding their capacity. So if we can just help us to understand 
any development on those front or any inquiries are started from those? 
Manish 23:56]: We cannot give you the name of the customer. But recently we have been awarded 
a very big business from domestic customer for electrical vehicle. So, now see the penetration of 
electric vehicle in India is very, they're all are very aggressive. So, a good revenue we will be we have 
been nominated for that particular component and you know railway now in India railway has 
increased their sourcing for this Vande Bharat train and 
Praveen [24:57]: Against wagon manufacturers? 

Manish [24:59]: Yeah Wagon manufacturer  
Praveen [25:01]: Okay. 
Hiren [25:02]: So, we are you know looking into these inquiries coming from the domestic customers 
and in terms of industrial segment as well as you know, one of the customer who in turn supply to 
[Inaudible 25:19] were very much aggressive as far as the passenger vehicle segment and all SUVs. 
So, they're also we have just recently been nominated for supplies to the Indian customer who is our 
existing customer and they are expanding directivity towards that. So, we will be getting or rather 
we are getting share into that particularly from the other company who has just you know, recently 
down the line before six months back, they have announced certain kind of CapEx, which they are in 
process, but it may take some more time at least to 12 to 15 months from now, once they will be 
finished out with that expansion definitely we will be getting some chunk over there because the 
kind of the work we have announced and our facilities are going to suitable to produce such kind of 
components as we are already supplying such kind of components to their existing plants also. 
Praveen [26:20]: Thanks. 
Ashutosh [26:40]: We have our next question from Ms Pooja, please unmute your line and ask your 
question. 
Pooja [26:44]: Hi, am I audible? So, the first question is on as the raw material prices have softened, 
so, what margin expansion are we expecting? 
Hiren [26:58]: For this raw material fluctuation it would not affect our margin you know, because 
raw material price increase and reduction more would be passing to the customers. So, that will not 
be affected to our margin significant it is only the time lag between where we may got some kind of 
marginal hit or again. 
Pooja  [27:30]: Any expectation on EBITDA number? 
Hiren [27:34]: For? 
Pooja [27:35]: EBITDA 
Hiren [27:36]: Yeah EBITDA, for which period madam for this nine month it is almost a 24 
percentage 
Pooja [27:48]: No for FY 24? 
Hiren 27:49]: FY 24 It will be more or less on the same line, it will go up definitely because you know 
the solar what we are in process and that will be fully operationalized and available for the next 
fiscal. So, we expect at least you know 5-6 percentage of my current EBITDA to be increased 
definitely. 
Pooja [28:19]: Okay, any CapEx plans and pipeline in coming years? 
Hiren [28:24]: For the next fiscal for the current fiscal, the remaining you know those solar CapEx 
hardly to the extent of 3-5 crore and the other machinery CapEx as we have communicated earlier 
also that we have ordered one of forging line looking to the new business what we have been 

awarded and that will make it perfect would be coming to us somewhere in November 23 or 
December 23. So, that CapEx including other machining lines and maintenance CapEx, it would be 
somewhere about 40 to 45 crore in the next fiscal. 
Pooja [29:02]: Okay. Thank you. 
Ashutosh [29:08]: We have our next question for Mr. Nilesh. Please unmute your line and ask a 
question.  
Nilesh [29:12]: Yeah hi. Am I audible?  
Ashutosh [29:16]: Yes. 
Nilesh [29:17]: Yeah. Hi. So, I have a couple of questions. So one is see I observed that in your raw 
material breakup, there's been a overall I think the change in stock is positive. And we just kind of 
which is a positive number that way and we just kind of pull down your gross profit margins quite 
dramatically. Can you just explain that and the second is also parallely, I could see that the other 
expense component which otherwise in recent quarters has been inching up that has also kind of 
gone down. So can you just explain the reasons for this? 
Hiren [30:00]: See first of all you know change in stock that is obviously on the volume or rather the 
basis of the you know, the future order we our production schedule are different [No audio 30:13] 
was our higher side, Hello. 
Nilesh [30:26]: Yeah. So, we couldn't hear you at least I couldn't hear you 15 seconds 
Hiren [30:35]: Am I audible now? 
Nilesh [30:36]: Yes. 
Hiren [30:37]: Yeah okay, what I was mentioning that you know the change in stock or rather 
increase decrease in finished goods it is as per the production schedule what we have planned for 
this particular quarter and even for the next quarter. So, obviously, it depends on the lead time what 
we are having for supplying to our customers earlier it was on a higher side because of container 
condition and all these things and now, it has quickly moved. So, definitely the inventory which was 
live with us is nowadays on a lower days. So, which has reduced my this changing stock, that is the 
one figure and apart from that the other expenses what we were mentioning, definitely the freight 
push, ocean freight, which wasn't very much on the higher side and it has been stabilized particularly 
in last two, to two and a half months, but it also matters in my other expense apart from that certain 
other expenses as the material commodity pricing has gone down certain pricing of my other job or 
charges or some kind of consumers that has also bit gone down so that it has reduced my 
expenditure levels. 
Nilesh [31:55]: And these I mean by and large these cost structure may remain that way considering 
assuming that the ocean freight doesn't shoot up the rest of these are like sustainable the 
Hiren [32:08]: Yes definitely you know, the chances of 3 to 5% deviation would be there, because 
you know, sometimes wherever my new development or new products which are under process, 
which are under development, definitely the certain consumption of certain materials, stores etc, it 

has gone up which was very much or rather almost nil in the last quarter. So, down the line for these 
couple of second quarter of next fiscal which could have setting this planning for the product 
development trial and runs are going on. So, for that particular portion it may go up. 
Nilesh [32:43]: Got it. And one last question again on a P & L line items  itself is though you 
mentioned that you have reduced the debt, but again, on a QoQ basis the interest expense has gone 
up? 
Hiren [32:58]: Here the impact of you know, the restatement of foreign currency that is because of 
you know, it is somewhere about 16 million, which is accounted in 35 million of my work costs. So, 
my overall working capital cost is less than two crore on a quarterly basis. And again, you better 
know that we are using foreign currency working capital where is the US dollar so, far has been 
increased. So, that will also impact a bit. 
Nilesh [33:29]: And concurrently other income and are there any offsetting things, which also has 
been going up other income, we noticing that? 
Hiren [33:39]: It will not be up you know, because other income also consists certain kind of forex 
reinstatement of my debtors as well as my vendors restatements. So, it would be maybe now, earlier 
you know, for the last two quarters, the fluctuation of dollar euro is being increased, and we got 
benefited over there, but now, the dollar is almost stabilized, Euro from last month onwards it is also 
almost stabilized, so, we do not expect much of the gain from the foreign currency. So, the net last 
quarter number may be bit lower than this 6-7 million. 
Nilesh [34:14]: Got it. Yeah, I think these are the questions from my side. Thanks a lot. I'll get back. 
Thank you. 
Ashutosh [34:23]: We have a next question for Mr. Harshil, please unmute your line and ask the 
question. 
Harshil [34:27]: Hello 
Ashutosh [34:30]: Yes, you're audible. 
Harshil [34:31]: Hi Sir, I want to understand the basics of the Rings industry. So, what is the industry 
size globally? What would be a market share and how does a customer approach how do we 
approach our customer like do we, our customers are Schaeffler, SKF these customers or how does 
that happen? 
Hiren [34:56]: See, first of all let me tell you, your first part of your question was how big bearing 
industry across the globe, you know bearing industry is quite big or even more than $60 billion or 
something like that, and bearings which are available or which are produced say from 50 mm 
diameter to 10,000 mm  outer diameter kind of thing, but when it comes to Rolex, Rolex is there into 
particular range of the product which is say from 50 mm diameter to 900 mm diameter kind of thing 
that is bearing ring what I'm talking about. And sorry, we don't know how big is the globally the 
bearing ring market is because again in a particular addressable segment where we are, but I can 
definitely tell you in a domestic market in a particular this range and the bearing which are produced 
from the forging group, we have market share of somewhere about 35 odd percentage. Later part of 

your question is how the customers are approaching and how we are you know, addressing them. 
Definitely, the Rolex is having the facility state of art manufacturing facilities 22 kind of different 
forging lines and with the various value added processes, what we are offering and the bearing 
giants across the globe except Japanese and certain Korean manufacturers all are very much aware 
of what kind of capabilities Rolex is having and what kind of range of the products we are able to 
produce. So, accordingly you know, they are approaching or rather through their sourcing office in 
India majority of the global players are they're having their IPO or rather you know, the sourcing 
office in India and their local officials are very much aware about these things, and they approach us 
and initial dialogues would be initiated and this gave us some kind of design drawing of the products 
and we are just taking up further. 
Harshil [37:03]: Sir, to follow up on my previous question only. Sir, how much we just make the 
outer rings of a bearing, correct? 
Hiren [37:12]: Inner outer both. 
Harshil [37:15]: Okay, and how much So, if we say our bearing is 100 rupees, so, both the rings 
contribute to how much of the cost of the bearing? 
Hiren [37:24]: 20 to 25 percentage, 
Harshil [37:26]: Okay. So, basically whatever will be the total bearing industry ours will be 20 to 25% 
of the total. 
Hiren [37:34]: Yeah, but that is the major chunk of my what you say overall cost of production of a 
bearing. 
Harshil [37:41]: Okay. Sir, 
Ashutosh [37:43]: Harshil can I ask you to join back the queue as there are several participants 
waiting for their turn?  
Harshil [37:51]: Okay.  
Ashutosh [37:51]: We have our next question a repeat question from Mr. Sunil Please unmute your 
line and ask the question. 
Sunil [37:58]: Hi, thanks for taking my question again. Sir just on this quarter's numbers, like 
somebody also asked that we seen a sharp jump in RM cost while other expenses have gone down. 
So is there a reclassification or this is some lead lag, like you mentioned? 
Hiren [38:17]: No, there is no re-classification, some kind of time lag, as well, as I told you the 
product mix [No audio 38:28] 
Sunil [38:30]: Hello, Sir we are not able to hear you. Can you repeat the answer  please. 
Hiren [38:38]: Yeah. See, the main reason is just because of product mix. Am I audible?  
Sunil [38:45]: Yes Sir. 

Hiren [38:46]: Yeah, so the main reasons for you know, increasing this thing is product mix. And 
another portion is just because of time like something what I'm expecting recovery from my 
overseas customer that would be there in the month of January, February. 
Sunil [39:03]: Got. So just because I'm asking this also, because if we see our  margins have been 
incredibly stable, right, like 22% point something for the last six quarters. So I mean, is it a fair way to 
understand that we don't really have a lot of unexpected costs, etc. And it's a very stable business in 
that sense. Despite the raw material cost inflation? 
Hiren [39:30]: Yeah raw material inflation as we told you that it is definitely it affects our 
percentage, but apart from that, these kinds of margins are very much expected if we have the same 
level of operations and down the line or rather the scale of economy if it has gone up definitely will 
be benefited. And any cost of production any improvement in cost like say for example, electricity 
costs what we are expecting to be reduced in the next fiscal So straight away, it would be added to 
my EBITDA,and looking to our experience and this thing more than 22% EBITDA is very much stable 
at the current level of operations. 
Sunil [40:11]: Right. And could you repeat the like, I am not clear, I mean, like we should I mean 
roughly what portion of your power costs will now be solar and when do you finally expect to 
commercialize this? 
Hiren [40:27]: See, as I was mentioning that 4 Megawatt of my ground mounted solar, which is 25% 
of my total solar what we are trying, it has already been operationalized in the last month and 
remaining 11.5 up to 12 megawatts, it would be what we are expecting somewhere in the month of 
April. So, I would be having entire 15 and a half 16 mega watt solar benefits in the next fiscal 
Sunil [40:52]: And that would be what, I mean like what percentage of your sourcing will come from 
the solar? 
Hiren [41:00]: See out of my overall sourcing of power from a discount, it definitely it will reduce to 
the extent of 25 odd percentage. 
Sunil [41:14]: 25 odd and just last question from my side in terms of like, because, despite the 
challenging environment, you are guiding for fairly strong growth next year and even for the year 
after that. So, do we see any major CapEx like next year to because if you are going to go 15 -20% 
then by FY 25, I think your capacity may be fully utilized or something right? 
Hiren [41:42]: Yeah, as we have communicated earlier also that we do have certain you know, spare 
capacity also available. Apart from that, we have ordered one Forging line from Japan, which we are 
expecting to be installed in the third quarter of FY 24. So, that will definitely increase my capacity to 
the extent of 15 odd percentage 15 to 20% of my existing level. And apart from that value added 
process equipment’s, what we are going to install, so, that will definitely it would be possible for me 
to achieve the numbers what we are expecting for FY 24 as well as FY 25. But we do not foresee any 
significant or big amount of CapEx, as I was mentioning my CapEx numbers for this fiscal remaining 
maybe 5-7 odd crores something we are going to spend and in next fiscal 40 to 45 Crore we'll be able 
to help me to achieve these numbers. 
Sunil [42:41]: Got it Sir great, thank you so much and all the best. 

Ashutosh [42:45]: We have our next question from Mr.Amit. Amit please unmute your line and ask a 
question. 
Amit [42:53]: Yeah, just one question from my side. The 7% [Inaudible 42:57] that you have 
reported is there any benefit from currency in terms of translation games or something like that?  
Hiren [43:06]: Not much in particular, because as you have seen that for last couple of months 
dollar, euro both are almost on the same line. And so, there would be, on a Euro front it has 
increased but unfortunately or fortunately, my Euro contribution overall my revenue to my revenue 
is very less. So I didn't have much any of the significant appreciation in my top line.  
Amit [43:35]: So, this top line growth is largely on account of increased volume of business? 
Hiren [43:39]: Yes. And even the product you know the product what we are selling, or rather the 
new products what we have developed, particularly in last 6-8 months, where the good amount of 
chunk has been dispatched no doubt my existing production or rather the existing product, it got 
some reduction, but certain high value or rather high value added products have also been supplied. 
Amit [44:08]: Understood, thanks. 
Ashutosh [44:11]: Yeah, we have our next question from Mr. Mahesh. Please unmute your line and 
ask your question. 
Mahesh [44:19]: Hi, I'm audible? 
Hiren [44:20]: Yes 
Mahesh [44:21]: Sir, I just want to understand I mean, I think half of our revenue comes from the 
international market and freight cost is very important. So, how do you approach I mean, do you 
enter into long term contract for freight cost or is it that... 
Hiren [44:40]: No, we do not have any long term contract and see that you need to consider a 
couple of things. First of all, out of my total exports, hardly 50% of those exports are what you say a 
CIF kind of terms or including ocean freight etc. Remaining is on a FOB, so, there would not be any 
impact on that, apart from that the freight costs what it was there for before you know, six, eight 
months back and today it is quite stabilized and it has gone down to almost touching to pre Covid 
level. So, will not have any impact over there. 
Mahesh [45:19]: No, I was just asking that do we need to continue with this uncertainty. I mean, 
Hiren [45:26]: No, we don't. You see that was the particular phase that was the particular period 
because of China, U.S. and there are other factors, but nowadays for last couple of months or even 
three months, there is no issue as far as availability of container and the things have been released. 
So that the rate have drastically reduced now, we do not expect any uncertainty over there or 
maybe you know, this thing 5-7 % plus minus would be there, but that will not be a significant 
Mahesh [45:59]: Okay. Sure. And Sir what would be the contribution from the top three customers 
in our sales? 

Hiren [46:07]: If I say top three customer groups, it would be somewhere about 50 odd percentage 
and when I say customer group, it is having various plans, one of my customer group we are 
supplying at their seven plant across the globe and all put together seven plants they are 
contributing somewhere about 25%, but for me those are my seven customers. 
Unknown [46:38]: Joined the call a bit late, but what is the CapEx plan for next two years? 
Hiren [46:45]: CapEx for the fiscal 24 It would be in the range of 40 to 45 crores and for the FY 25 
again considering to value added processes and certain additional facilities requirements may be to 
the extent of 25 to 30 odd crores. 
Unknown [47:08]: So, this is maintenance CapEx I mean, we are not 
Hiren [47:12]: My maintenance CapEx is not this much it is hardly in between, 7-10 odd crores, not 
more than that. So, here I'm considering both my new equipment’s as well as maintenance CapEx 
and that's why I was telling that 40 to 45 crores something in the next fiscal because we have 
ordered one forging line, which we are expecting somewhere in third quarter of next fiscal. Sure. 
Unknown [47:37]: Sure. Thank you so much. 
Ashutosh [47:40]: We have our next question from Mr. Nishant. Please unmute your line and ask a 
question.  
Nishant [47:50]: Good morning Sir, first of all congratulations for a good set of numbers and record 
higher revenue during the quarter. So my first question is related to revenue contribution coming 
from Europe and US on an annual basis or on a quarterly basis if you can share. 
Hiren [48:12]: I'm sorry, please come again. 
Nishant [48:15]: I'm saying revenue contribution coming from Europe and US region. 
Hiren [48:20]: Say let me tell you, my 60% revenue come from the overseas market where the 
European continents are contributing somewhere about 15 percentage one five of my overall 
revenue and you can say 25 percentage of my overseas revenue is being contributed by European 
continents as of now, it has gone down in particularly last four quarter from my existing customer. 
But in terms of numbers, we are more or less the same what we had in previous year that is because 
of adding new customers in European market. 
Nishant [48:57]: And for U.S likewise numbers would be? 
Hiren [49:01]: Europe out of my 60 percentage overall of this thing, it is somewhere about 65 to 70% 
that is from US market in terms of overall you can say almost 38 -40% of my revenue that comes 
from US region.  
Nishant [49:19]: Okay, thank you sir. And the second question is related to the margins. First, like 
you mentioned that in FY 25 or from maybe sector post the second quarter or third quarter of FY 24. 
We may see CV segment to see improvement in the revenue contribution. Likewise, industrial 
revenue contribution is also expected to increase. So because of this change in the revenue segment 
will there be increase in the margin because of this? 

Hiren [49:58]: See, wherever the Products carrying more value added processes the margins are a 
bit on the higher side. So, it is depending on the products what I'm going to supply in the quantum of 
that particular component. So, definitely CV business we are expecting much from the domestic 
market and even the industrial segment where we are expecting growth but the margins definitely it 
is not because of the only product it is also depends on my utilization of my capacity which will give 
me push up over there so once I'll have a you know, at least 10 to 15% more utilization or more 
revenue on a quarterly basis definitely my margins would go up by at least what you say 1 & 1.5% of 
my current exist EBITDA level. 
Nishant [51:01]: Sure, sir, and in case of other income, because last two quarters we have been 
missing that the other income is in the range of say 5-6 Crore if I'm not wrong, you have highlighted 
that is mainly because of the Forex related changes and now the currencies have stabilized. So, we 
may not see the similar kind of number going forward. Am I correct in that understanding or? 
Hiren [51:27]: Yeah, definitely, but at the same time, I would like to add that save for the nine 
months number where I stated 19 crore rupees by way of other income here the major chunk is just 
the realized gain loss what we had you know, as I was mentioning that my working capital utilization 
has drastically gone down during this fiscal and the Forex portion of what we had an open you know, 
invoicing. So, I will be getting dollar realization on a best rate where my export rate was much on the 
lower side. So, that fluctuation has gained me and out of this 19 crore, what is there in the for the 
nine months, these more than 60% is the realized number what we had. So, coming to the quarterly 
numbers 67 million what it is there on December this thing, definitely it will come down because we 
do not expect much of the fluctuation in the last quarter of current fiscal. 
Nishant [52:27]: Sure Sir thank you. I'll fall back in queue. Thank you. 
Ashutosh [52:31]: Yeah, our next question from Mr. Sandeep. Please unmute your line and ask your 
question. 
Sandeep [52:37]: Yeah. Hi. Good morning Sir. 
Ashutosh [52:43]: Yeah Sandeep 
Sandeep [52:48]: Hello, am I audible to you?  
Hiren [52:52]: Yes 
Sandeep [52:53]: Hi, sorry, I was on mute. Sir one question is on the margin side just wanted some 
more clarification. Typically, our gross margins are in the range of 52 to 54%. And it came down to 
47% this quarter, which you explained is a function of mix, but it should also normalize because 
there are some delayed price hikes also that you should get and mix should also come back to where 
it was earlier, while your other expenditure which largely consists of these freight costs going down 
and some benefit will get out of the solar plants that will get installed are we talking of material 
increase in margins in that case, because that can lead to a 4-5% point increase in margins, if the 
same were to be true? 
Hiren [53:42]: No sir, we don't expect 4 to 5% straight away in the next fiscal, because, you know, 
there are certain fluctuation I was mentioning that wherever the new development or rather the 

new product development is going on, definitely certain kind of expenditure level would definitely 
go up and overall my raw material margin, it is ranging in between 48 to 52 percentage. So again, it 
depends on that kind of angelic. So, there would be something even in the next quarter also, which 
may be toward recovery and on the subsequent quarter. So, we are expecting this because of solar 
and other operational efficiency, definitely, you know, to the extent of 1-1.5%, additional or rather, 
the improvement in our EBITDA level for the next fiscal. 
Sandeep [54:33]: Okay, so was this 22% where we are in this queue? We should be somewhere 
about 24% or in next financial year is what are saying?  
Hiren [54:41]: Sir if I'm not mistaken my current EBITDA is more than 23% or touching particularly 
this quarter is touching 23.5 or so. So we are expecting more than 23% it would be stabilized 
definitely. 
Sandeep [54:55]: Okay, all right. We actually, its a different way we calculate but understood the 
just similar to where it was. Second point was on, clarification on top line guidance we guiding for 
15%. growth next year, I think previous quarter you're guiding for 12 to 15%. So you're saying you 
should be on the higher end of this number and then another 20 to 25% in FY 25 is that correct? 
Hiren [55:22]: Yeah, definitely what we are expecting and looking to the current, you know, the 
program status, and the our target dates what my customers are indicating. So we are expecting 
somewhere about 15% growth in the next fiscal yeah. 
Sandeep [55:38]: And on the next point was on the tax rate, we are consistently around it at 18- 19% 
effective due to the unutilized benefit, if you could just highlight how much of this unutilized benefit 
is there. 
Hiren [55:53]: That has already been using the last fiscal and I mean in this current fiscal, my 
effective current tax rate, you need to consider which my tax outflow is. That would be 25 
percentage. 
Sandeep [56:07]: Okay,Sir but the reported numbers are around 19%.  
Hiren [56:11]: That is a deferred tax, the reversal of deferred tax, which is not having any impact on 
my inflow or outflow. 
Sandeep [56:19]: Okay. Yeah. Understood and last point was on this land monetization, I think we 
had guided that we'll be looking forward to do one forward any update on that if you can just give us 
please. 
Hiren [56:35]: Status is rather what you say as it is, but you know, we are looking for a good 
customer or rather the good buyer for that particular piece of Lands and we are inclined to liquidate 
that land , but the current scenario of real estate market and the size of the particular land parcel 
that is bit restricting and we are again trying to move it off, but down the line definitely we inclined 
to liquidate as of now, it status is status quo. 
Ashutosh [57:12]: Alright, thank you so much for taking this question.We have one last question 
from Mr. William, please unmute your line and ask the question. 

William [57:26]: Hello, thanks for the opportunity Sir, this might be covered but just want to 
confirm. Sir any plans to bring down the debt level further since we are not going to have any further 
major CapEx? 
Hiren [57:42]: Yes, yes, definitely see, as I was mentioning that, as on 31st December my long term 
debt was somewhere about 12 Crore further within the one month only it has gone down by 
another 20% of that amount and the working capital again what it was there in December it is 
further reduced and it is our continuous endeavour to reduce my entire debt whether it is short 
term long term both. As I was mentioning that long term debt we are planning to pay it off before 
March also. 
William [58:17]: So Sir our plan is to be debt free by FY 24 end? 
Hiren [58:25]: Yes, definitely. 
William [58:27]: Okay. And sir, the second question, in terms of the growth considering if the 
current global scenario remains the same, the probability of achieving 15 to 18% growth is fairly I 
would say high right? 
Hiren [58:49]: Yeah, definitely see, I was telling that 15% that is on the basis of the estimates, 
forecasts schedule and indicating numbers given by customers or even with the new customers that 
may prolong because of certain uncertainty or maybe any what you say abnormal or adverse factors, 
definitely it will affect and we are part of overall economy and particularly automobile and 
infrastructure industry. So, something would be hampering over there It will definitely affect me. 
William [59:23]: Understood sir, thanks a lot. 
Ashutosh [59:31]: That was the last question of the day I would like to hand over the floor to Hiren 
Sir for any closing remarks. 
Hiren [59:39]: Thank you very much to all the participants. Hope the company satisfying your 
queries and concerns and again, would like to tell that management is very much concentrated on 
the utilization of capacity and to continue with the momentum what we had in last three quarters As 
we are also envisaging that the overall revenue what it has been estimated it will be there in FY 23. 
And looking better for the FY 24 numbers. Thank you. Thanks a lot for joining us 
 
