 
 
 
Zomato.com 
info@zomato.com  
 
 
 
 
ZOMATO LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Zomato Private Limited) 
Registered Address: Ground Floor 12A, 94 Meghdoot, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019, Delhi, India. 
CIN: L93030DL2010PLC198141, Telephone Number: 011 - 40592373 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543320, Scrip Symbol: ZOMATO 
ISIN: INE758T01015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on February 10, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 
February 10, 2023. 
 
The same is also hosted on the website of the Company at https://www.zomato.com/investor-
relations/financials. 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You, 
By order of the Board 
For Zomato Limited 
(Formerly known as Zomato Private Limited) 
   
 
 
Sandhya Sethia 
 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Date: February 17, 2023 
Place: Gurugram 
 
 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
Sandhya 
Sethia
Digitally signed by 
Sandhya Sethia 
Date: 2023.02.17 
16:24:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Zomato Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Transcript 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
 
1. Deepinder Goyal – Founder & Chief Executive Officer, Zomato Limited 
2. Akshant Goyal – Chief Financial Officer, Zomato Limited 
3. Albinder Singh Dhindsa – Founder & Chief Executive Officer, Blinkit 
4. Kunal Swarup – Head, Corporate Development, Zomato Limited  
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening and welcome to Zomato Limited’s Q3FY23 earnings 
conference call. From Zomato's management team we have with us today Mr. Deepinder Goyal 
– Founder & Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Akshant Goyal – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa – Founder & CEO of Blinkit and Mr. Kunal Swarup, Head of Corporate 
Development.  
Before we begin a few quick announcements for the attendees; Anything said on this call which 
reflects outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement may 
involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements or comments are not guarantees of future 
performance and actual results may differ from those statements. 
Additionally, please note that this earnings call is scheduled for a duration of 45 minutes, and 
we will be starting directly with the Q&A section of the call. If you wish to ask a question, please 
use the raise hand feature available on your Zoom dashboard. We will announce your name on 
the call and unmute your line, post which you can proceed with your question. We will wait for 
a minute while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Hi, thank you. You mentioned several drivers of the growth slowdown in your prepared remarks 
in the Q&A. I was curious if there was any loss of market share, particularly with your most 
frequent customers that also contributed to this? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Hi Ankur, thanks for your question. Akshant this side. For us it's very hard to measure market 
share on an ongoing basis because we compete with multiple players and at least some of them 
are unlisted. There was nothing that points to a significant share loss to us as far as we know. 
Majority of the slowdown, I would attribute to the general macro, industry wide macro, than 
anything else.  
Ankur Rudra: 
Ok. You mentioned that the growth has remained weak in January, but you've been able to get 
profitability in the month. Could you maybe highlight what was the lever of profitability if there 
was no growth?  
Akshant Goyal: 
Ankur, essentially two elements there. Eventually the absolute profit is a function of growth in 
the business and margin expansion. As you would have also seen in the December quarter 
results, our contribution margin in the business has expanded compared to the September 
quarter. That margin expansion is enough right now for us to breakeven in the month of January. 
Once growth comes back that will only accelerate the absolute profits from the business which 
should help us get there faster and over time generate profits in the business.  
Ankur Rudra: 
Maybe I can take this forward, there's a concern among investors that is there any kind of tradeoff 
between growth and profitability here? Can growth and profitability happen at the same time?  
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes, there is always some kind of trade off. You can spend more, make delivery charges free for 
every customer, of course this will drive growth, but that's not the kind of growth we want. In 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
an environment where there is macro slowdown and the industry is not growing, we've grown 
faster than the restaurant food industry overall in this quarter. To that extent, I don't think, we 
are trading good quality growth for margins at this point. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Last question on Zomato Gold. Is this a course correction and perhaps an acceptance that 
shutting down Pro/ Pro Plus was not right, while your competitors still had a very aggressive 
program? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Zomato Gold is a very different program from Zomato Pro. Zomato Pro, essentially, had free 
delivery as a feature which applied to all orders whereas Zomato Gold has multiple other benefits 
in addition to that, and free delivery is only on certain orders. Before Zomato Pro Plus, we had 
Zomato Pro program and 2-3 years ago we had Zomato Gold. So, there were a lot of learnings 
that we had in terms of what worked and what did not work for customers, for our P&L and for 
restaurants. What we wanted to do essentially was to take a step back and put all of this together 
into a program, which we think can now last, going forward. One of the key highlights of the 
program this time is, “On-time guarantee”, which is a very unique thing in the market right now 
and developing that also took some time. I don’t think of this as a call that we took and are now 
correcting. This was the natural path of moving forward in terms of developing a very robust 
membership program. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Just a follow-up to this, is this going to be extended to Blinkit? 
Akshant Goyal: 
We don’t want to comment on that right now, Ankur. So far, we have restricted it to the food 
business. This is a business call we will take down the line if it makes sense. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
I have three questions. First question, Akshant, just wanted to understand if you could give a 
little bit more clarity on the mix of GOV. In this quarter we see a stable AOV, and the order 
frequency was lower, or any data point you could provide? And going ahead, how should we 
look at the drivers? Would the incremental GOV be driven more by increase in order frequency 
or it’s still AOV which will continue to increase? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thanks, Sachin. If you look at the data that we had shared on a year-on-year basis, the 21% GOV 
growth was an outcome of 14% growth year-on-year on orders and about 6% growth year-on-
year on average order value. Specifically, on a QoQ basis, the order volumes declined and that 
was because of slightly lower monthly transacting customers and slightly lower ordering 
frequency in the quarter. We attribute that to the general slowdown that I just spoke about as a 
response to the previous question.  
Going forward, as we’re seeing recovery coming back in the business already, we are seeing 
more customers coming back. We expect to continue growing both on MTUs and frequency 
going forward and the combination of growth across these two should drive the order volumes 
up. As far as average order values are concerned, this is an outcome metric of the context and 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
the environment. We’ve seen a decent bit of AOV growth in the last three-four quarters. Part of 
it is driven by inflation which has led to the restaurants increasing their menu prices, which 
we’ve also seen with a number of listed QSR players in the recent past and another part of it is 
essentially driven by the product improving and the recommendations on the platform 
improving, supply side getting more premium because a lot more fine dining restaurants are 
coming onto the platform for delivery and so on. Some of these factors will continue to play. 
Whether the order value continues to go up or come down slightly, it’s hard to predict. But I 
would say that majority of the growth in the long term should come from order volume growth 
which in turn would be driven by more customers ordering more frequently.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Second question is on the take rate; it appears to have now been stabilized. So, just wanted to 
understand is it the new normal or we see room for it to improve? 
Akshant Goyal: 
I’m assuming you’re referring to take rate as a combination of the commission revenue, ads 
revenue and the customer delivery charges, right? 
Sachin Salgaonkar:  
Correct.  
Akshant Goyal: 
As an aggregate, we think there is still room to grow here. We are at about close to 23.8% or 
24% take rate in the last quarter. From here on, this will go up despite delivery charges perhaps 
continuing to come down slightly because of Zomato Gold gaining scale. So, majority of the 
growth here could come from restaurants spending more on growth on our platform in the form 
of advertisements and some sort of continued correction on take rates that we continue to do and 
about which we’ve spoken in the last couple of quarters. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Last question, I wanted to have more clarity on consumption slowdown. The reason is, there are 
certain mixed signals coming from QSRs. Certain QSRs are seeing a slowdown, others are not. 
So, the question to you is, is there any particular segment where you are seeing a slowdown? I 
read your report where you indicated which all segments are seeing a bit of impact, but any more 
clarity you could give in terms of any particular segment, any particular geography which is 
seeing a bit of a slowdown, or do you see that being more across the board?  
Akshant Goyal: 
As far as our data is concerned, we think it’s across the board. We can’t single out any particular 
cuisine or geography at this point. Having said that, given our platform works with thousands of 
restaurants, there will always be restaurants which grow more than others because they spend 
more on marketing and investments. Some of the individual restaurant growth is also coming 
from them opening more new outlets in the quarter as compared to others. I agree with you that 
there are some mixed signals there but at least from what we’ve observed, we don’t think there 
is any slowdown in any particular pocket of either a cuisine or a geography.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
 Gaurav Rateria:  
I have three questions. The first is on the frequency. If I look at the high-frequency users as a 
percentage of total annual transacting users, that has actually gone up which would actually help 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
frequency at the company level. So, in which cohort of customers, which basket of customers, 
are you not seeing the major increase in frequency or where do you see a key roadblock and 
what are the initiatives that you’re taking to change that? 
Kunal Swarup:  
Hi Gaurav, this is Kunal here. You rightly pointed out that the power user or power customer 
cohort has gained but next to that we’ve also talked about the increase in annual transacting 
customers. If you see that number is also pretty healthy as we have added 23 million new 
customers (in CY22). We’ve also mentioned that for the last quarter as well, new customer 
addition has been healthy. When you put this in context of the overall numbers and as we’ve 
mentioned in the past as well that for new customers, when they start transacting on our platform, 
the ordering frequency is lower. Therefore, the aggregate would remain flattish as long as our 
new customer addition continues to be quite strong and healthy, the aggregates will not present 
the right picture. Therefore, we’ve presented the power customer cohorts as well for you to 
understand how the health of the business is improving. 
Akshant Goyal: 
And Gaurav just to add here, if your question was specific to the last quarter, even for these 
power customers, their frequency went down. The data here in this chart is on an annual basis 
where we see the ratio of power users and the frequency going up. For the last quarter, the 
frequency drop was across the board. In fact, I would say it was more pronounced in the slightly 
higher frequency customers than in the others. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. The second question is that it looks like you have ploughed back some part of your 
operating profits in the form of indirect cost because that has grown like 14%-15% on a YoY 
basis versus a very muted trend in the first half of the fiscal year. So, what are these investments 
that you’re making and how are they going to yield results to reflect a better profitability overall? 
Kunal Swarup: 
Gaurav, part of this is also seasonal because if you look at the expenses below contribution, 
they’re a combination of both, marketing expenses as well as corporate overheads which include 
server & tech and other costs. Given that this was a festive season quarter, typically there is some 
incremental spend on marketing / branding and for server & tech costs there are also some annual 
renewals that kick in. If you look at the same quarter last year, there was a bit of a jump in that 
quarter but if you look at the average for the last three quarters that would be in the range of 1% 
to 2% growth. On an annual basis, if you look at these numbers, that would be more in the range 
of 12% to 14% kind of growth. Therefore, it’s not meaningful when you look at it from an annual 
perspective. Hope this answers your question. 
Gaurav Rateria:  
Last question, any color on Zomato Everyday? Is it going to be a cloud kitchen, what form and 
what factor, just trying to understand if it is going to be an asset-heavy kind of an investment in 
the form of you opening kitchens to cater to home-cooked food? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Gaurav, it’s not going to be very asset-heavy, but we will have to open finishing stations to be 
able to service this food to customers. We are currently planning to experiment with the 
infrastructure that we had anyways built for Zomato Instant. We are using the same finishing 
stations to roll this out in the next few weeks in Gurgaon and Bangalore. These are the two cities 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
where we had Zomato Instant. And depending on the offtake and what we learn from there, we’ll 
decide on how to expand going forward from there. Compared to Zomato Instant, it’s only going 
to be less capital-intensive than what Instant was. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
My first question is while you have mentioned about the slowdown, but the press release also 
talks about green shoots in January. Can you just elaborate on that? 
Akshant Goyal:  
What is your question, Vivek? Can you be specific? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
I’m saying that the fact that while we are talking about slowdown, you have also mentioned that 
you are witnessing green shoots in January. Can you just comment on that? Has there been any 
specific customer cohorts which has done better? Are you seeing a pickup in exit January which 
is what we should look at in the fourth quarter? Can you just elaborate on that comment, 
Akshant? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Vivek, for the last couple of weeks we’ve been seeing the app opens in our business go up which 
we have not seen over the last 2-3 months. That is telling us that perhaps the slowdown has 
bottomed out and that’s our conjecture at this point. But we’ll need to see how it unfolds in the 
rest of the quarter, whether the demand patterns change meaningfully or not. Part of this growth 
could also be attributed to us launching Zomato Gold, there is that attribution also. It’s still early 
days but whatever signals that we are able to see, it seems like it’s only going to get better from 
here from a demand standpoint. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And the other question Akshant is, what Ankur asked at the beginning, and you responded on 
growth versus profitability. You are at over 5% contribution margins right now. As we go 
forward, your guidance still is a break even by fourth quarter or latest by September quarter of 
next fiscal year. Based on the current contribution margins and let’s say these move up, does 
that change the trajectory of growth or let’s put it another way, what is your expectation if you 
keep seeing better profitability, what is the level of growth that you see in the business if macro 
were to be more conducive? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Vivek, we are not holding back on growth investment at this point to increase margins. That is 
what we’ve been reiterating for the last two/three quarters also. We are not making any trade-
off between good quality growth, which will sustain and compound, for short-term increase in 
margins. Lack of growth right now, as we have spoken multiple times, is because of the macro 
context and industry slowdown. How quickly that changes and in what shape and form the 
growth comes back in the next one or two quarters is very hard for us to comment on. But if we 
take a 4-5 year long term view, we remain bullish on the space and the market is still under-
penetrated and there’s a long way to go. We should see healthy compounding over a 5-year 
period in the business, but short term is relatively harder to predict at this point. 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And a follow-up to that, Akshant. When you say that that you are not pulling back on investment, 
from a margin standpoint, forget about the next few quarters but let’s say if we take a 3–5 year 
view, does that mean your margins will also have a cyclicality. Let’s say contribution margin 
ranging from, let’s say, 2% to 7% or will we see some stability in contribution margin and if the 
macro is conducive, you can still get to let’s say 25% - 30% kind of YoY growth. How do you 
think about this? The margin cyclicality is something that I’m unable to fully appreciate. 
Akshant Goyal:  
Vivek, I don’t think that we are going to have that large of a standard deviation in the margins 
in our business. So, while it can go up and down over a period of 4-5 years, but it’s largely going 
to be range bound in a narrow range and that might change because of some additional 
investments we might want to make at some point in time in future or if we see opportunities of 
new growth, expanding into newer cities and so on. But like-to-like in the same city where we 
are already present today, I don’t think there is going to be massive swings in margin going 
forward. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And my last question is on Blinkit. So, with the tough macro and I know you are at a very early 
stage in that segment, any headwind that you are seeing on that business particularly on the 
demand side? I wouldn’t say mature-mature locations but any pullback in the consumer demand 
or any down trading that you are seeing in the markets where you forayed early? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Hi Vivek, this is Albi. I’ll take this. Like we mentioned in the letter, we are seeing good customer 
growth. Our order frequencies are healthy, and we are also seeing new customer growth being 
at a very healthy level continuing forward. We saw about 3% dip in our average ticket size. And 
part of that we are able to attribute to consumers buying smaller packs which could be indicative 
that maybe consumers are going to consume less during this period. However, that is a strong 
might and it also might be consumer behavior of the kind of customers that we are acquiring at 
this point in time. So, we’re not able to exactly attribute that to a macro slowdown. In terms of 
the other customer operating metrics, we are not seeing any slowdown and that’s probably part 
of the fact that we are already fairly under-penetrated in the cities that even we are already large 
in and at the same time our city spread especially compared to, for example, the Zomato business 
is very small. Our 90%+ stores are only in the top 7 cities. So, I think we would not, at this point 
of time, be able to be the predictor of whether macro trends are affecting the segment. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And Albi another question which will be my last one. What Akshant mentioned about 
food delivery business’ profit versus growth. What is your sense on Blinkit business given that 
it’s early stage and your numbers are obviously speaking for itself but what is your thought 
process between growth and profitability at this stage? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
So, Vivek, we will let the numbers speak and they’re basically showing that our business has a 
high amount of operating leverage. For the last two quarters, the business has grown significantly 
while moving steadily towards profitability. And I think we will continue to see this trend. Our 
immediate focus obviously is to be a contribution positive business. We are at about -4.5% 
contribution margin right now. And if you pick a view of the kind of investments that we need 
to make into the business in order for supply creation, we take a very sensible approach to it. We 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
don’t want to get too ahead of our management bandwidth, we don’t want to get too ahead of 
the kind of infrastructure investments that we need to make judiciously while improving the 
supply side of our business. And that’s a major investment going forward that we foresee. The 
growth investments in our business at least at this point of time are not something that we are 
really worried about. We are spending more of our time on the supply side of the investment and 
what would be a right time for us to start making them. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vijit Jain:  
Akshant, I have a couple of questions on those annual unique transacting customer data points 
that you shared. Now if I look at 2022 versus 2021, just looking at the previous year’s customers, 
there it looks like the churn rate went from about 10% in 2021 to about 30% in 2022. Do you 
think this is attributable to the rollback of Gold? And related question to that, all these end of 
quarter trends that we see in MTU decline and frequency decline, is this mostly to do with the 
fact that some of those people who were rolling out of Zomato Pro / Pro Plus, their frequency 
reduced primarily and therefore it’ll come back. That is my first question. 
Akshant Goyal:  
Hi Vijit. I think the absence of having a membership program did impact us in the last quarter, 
but we are recovering from that now. And to some extent that has played a role in some 
customers attriting and lower frequency that we saw in the last quarter. But generally, on the 
annual trends, our retention is fairly healthy. I’m not sure how you came up with the math of 
32% attrition. 
Vijit Jain:  
So, basically, I just looked at 2020 customers and in 2021 if you remove the new customers from 
that number and compare with the previous year, just a simple math on that. It looks like you 
lost 15 million of the customers you might have had in 2021 in 2022 and then you added another 
23 million something like that. I think that’s what I did. 
Akshant Goyal:  
A large portion of our customer base is very infrequent which orders less than 4 times a year and 
every year a lot of these customers keep coming back to our platform. So, the absolute loss of 
customers on our platform, if you look at cumulative annual retention, is very acceptable and 
low compared to what we’ve seen with other businesses globally. So, we are not worried about 
retention here. Largely everything is on track as far as retention and customer acquisition is 
concerned. 
Vijit Jain:  
And my second question, just staying on Gold is that in the current quarter, obviously as you 
invest in Gold there are some introductory prices offered. What kind of levers do you think from 
the cost side offset that? I did see you mentioned you’re shutting down ~250 of the smallest of 
cities. Is there material cost savings there? And if you can overall give a sense of how you look 
at the Zomato Gold program in its entirety from a P&L perspective, that’ll be great. And if it is 
related to that, my last question is when you say you’re not holding back on growth investments, 
what are you talking about? Are you talking primarily about Gold when you talk about growth 
investments in the food delivery business? 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Akshant Goyal:  
It’s multiple things. Gold, of course, will definitely help drive long-term growth in both 
frequency and retention. We are also continuing to invest in acquiring new customers. As we 
mentioned that the pace of new customer addition remains healthy, which means we’re not 
cutting down on our marketing and customer acquisition spends. So, all of that continues.  
With the second question on specifics of Gold at this point, we would not want to comment on 
how it evolves and how we think it’ll shape up. Those are some things which will evolve with 
time as we get more data, and we wouldn’t want to share much about it right now. But generally 
speaking, the impact of Gold on our economics will get offset with the progress we make not 
just on the cost side but on the revenue side in the business going forward. 
Vijit Jain:  
Just on the first part of my question Akshant, with regards to the shutdown of those 250 very 
small cities. I know the GOV impact is minuscule but is there material cost savings there from 
just being present in those cities? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Not very material, Vijit. 
Vijit Jain:  
Those were my questions. Sorry, one last question if I can, just if you can give an update on the 
overhaul of the dining out business. If I just look cursorily at your non-food + non-Blinkit 
business on a QoQ basis it appears to have improved. Is this mostly Hyperpure? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Vijit, Hyperpure numbers are disclosed separately. And as far as Others business segment is 
concerned, we have given some color of what led to that sharp growth in the QoQ revenue in 
question number 13, I think. 
Vijit Jain:  
Yes. I’ll just check that. And just if you can give an update on dining out overall for the full 
year? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Question number 11. 
Vijit Jain:  
Okay. 
Kunal Swarup: 
One, there was contribution from the services that we offered to Talabat in the UAE and our 
offline events Zomaland, etc., which came back after a hiatus, so that was partly the reason why 
there was an increase that you saw. So, it’s not so much due to the monetization of the dining 
out business where we are still in build-out mode like we’ve mentioned. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Manish Adukia from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Manish Adukia: 
My first question is on just the growth drivers. In the shareholder letter you talked about three 
factors or drivers that you think could help revive growth in the food delivery business. Do you 
see all of those three drivers as equally important, or do you think one is more important than 
the others? If you can just help us by providing some more color. And a related question to that 
is on the annual transacting customers that you disclosed for 2022 which is about 58 million and 
currently you have about 17-odd million of MTUs. What does it take over a longer term let’s 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
say 2–3-year period to convert a large number of these annual transacting users into MTUs? 
That would be my first question. 
Akshant Goyal:  
So, Manish, the answer to your second question is actually also a response to the first question. 
All of these initiatives that we have mentioned, they’ll drive higher frequency of ordering from 
our existing active customers who are very infrequent today, which will mean that more of our 
customer base will start ordering every month and hence a large portion of our ATUs will start 
converting into MTUs. Now within those two / three things that we mentioned, Zomato Gold, 
of course, is going to be important as a retention and frequency driver in the long run.  
Zomato Everyday, which is essentially an offering where our customers will be able to order 
homestyle cooked meals at affordable prices could be a big lever as well if we’re able to execute 
that well and sustainably. So, that is something which we are very excited about, and we’ll have 
some early results perhaps to talk about in the next quarter on how this is going.  
All of these things are important and continuously fixing the UX of our app, curating better 
collections of restaurants for our customers and making our systems more reliable, all of that 
will lead to compounding growth over the next few years and all these initiatives should help us 
drive MTU growth going forward. 
Manish Adukia: 
My second question is on Blinkit. So, you mentioned that Blinkit can potentially also be 
profitable at AOVs of about 20% lower. So, just wanted to understand are you actually expecting 
AOVs to decline by that magnitude over time? And if it does what would be the offset for 
profitability in that case? And a related question Akshant, last year when you had announced the 
transaction with Blinkit, you had mentioned, and I know you said specifically it was not a 
guidance, but you had said that in the next three years or less than three years Blinkit can 
potentially be profitable. Given what you’ve seen in terms of the track record of the business 
where losses have been narrowing consistently do you think there’s potentially upside risk to 
that number meaning can that profitability be actually sooner? 
Akshant Goyal:  
So, I’ll let Albi take the first one. I’ll respond to the second question, Manish. So far, the business 
has done better than what we expected both in terms of top line growth as well as progression in 
economics. So, I’m not guiding to anything different than what we said earlier. The next 2-3 
year is the horizon which we should stick with for this business getting to profitability. But if 
the progress continues at the pace at what we’ve seen in the last three quarters, then perhaps 
we’ll get there sooner. So, we’ll have to sort of wait and watch on that. 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Hi Manish, this is Albi. I’ll take the first part of the question around AOV. So, one of the drivers 
of AOV drop that we are seeing is that as we are getting bigger and expanding our business, the 
kind of products that sellers are putting up for sale on the platform is also evolving. So, the 
number of use cases that we can potentially cater to the customers, that eventually helps the 
platform increase our wallet share, those are going up. That causes variability in the average 
ticket size. So, as we introduce new use cases, which we did, for example introducing fresh 
sweets during Diwali, introducing a lot of SKUs around dia, or cakes around Christmas and 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Christmas decorations - A lot of these individual events as well as the general choice available 
to the customers on the platform evolves. Some of these choices that consumers make to buy 
certain products can be of lower average ticket size as well and some of them obviously are 
higher than the average grocery basket ticket size. What you’re seeing and what we see is 
essentially the evolution of the business that as it gets bigger there is still a little bit of 
uncertainty.  
We are confident on our ability to be able to breakeven even at lower average ticket sizes because 
some of these use cases as they come up are also potentially high commission categories for us. 
So, not necessarily do they lead to revenue impact, which is something that you are seeing in 
our quarterly results as well that even though there was a drop in the average ticket size the 
overall revenue and the commission percentage that we are able to generate has gone up. So, 
that gives us the confidence that the business will evolve in its average order size as it expands 
beyond grocery. But at the same time, we should be able to make the economics of the business 
work and that is what Akshant was referring to in that answer. 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you Albi for that. Just a quick follow-up there. In the quick commerce business, there are 
quite a number of players which are operating. Given the macro environment that we are in, 
have you seen any slowdown in competitive intensity and environment? And let’s say 
hypothetically if in the next 6-12-18 months, there happens to be any kind of consolidation in 
this industry, do you think there’s any merit in Zomato acquiring somebody out there like you 
did in the case of food delivery with Uber? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
As of now we are not seeing a drop in the competitive intensity in quick commerce. Most of the 
players that are in the segment are trying to grow their businesses as well. If there are any 
opportunities in the future, we’ll evaluate them on merit. As of now, we are happy with the way 
we are building our business and we would like to continue this journey and keep working on 
the basics of fixing our business and also delivering great experience to the customers. I don’t 
think we are going anywhere beyond that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
I have 2 or 3 questions. First of all, modeling-related question, how will the Zomato Gold 
program subscription revenue be recognized going ahead? Will some of the revenue be ascribed 
to food delivery vertical and will it be considered while calculating contribution margins? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Yes Swapnil. That’s right. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
The second question is with respect to Blinkit. I see that your dark store count seems to have 
come down by around 10% versus a couple of quarters back. So, what is the thought process 
here? Have we closed down some operations in a few cities because in the shareholder letter you 
have also mentioned that addition of 30% to 40% store additions in the next year. So, what is 
the strategy over here? 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Hi Swapnil, this is Albi. So, what you will see is the store count should start inching upwards 
from where we are in this quarter. The primary reason for the change in the store count was 
because a lot of our leases expired in the OND quarter because we had only signed short term 
leases till we had conviction on particular geographies. So, some of those stores are in the process 
of being moved into either different locations or we are putting in more stores because the 
demand is higher. What you will see is that we will be adding more stores going forward at a 
reasonable pace and we have not pulled out of any geographies, we have not pulled out of any 
cities, and we have also identified high potential cities. Some of our smaller cities that we opened 
up in the last quarter have given us really good results as well. So, what we are hoping is that 
we will be able to expand more and more beyond the top 10 cities where we had put a lot of our 
initial focus on and even expand our footprint within the cities that we are operational in. Just to 
give you an example, we have only served about 40% of the geographical area of Bombay, so 
we would like to increase our footprint over there if that market is somewhere we are growing 
and its potentially becoming a key market for us. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Thanks Albi. Just one more question on the food delivery side. I would like to understand the 
cohort GMV movement. Have you seen a slowdown of GMV growth in only those cohorts that 
were acquired during COVID, especially let's say in FY21 or FY22, or there has been a 
slowdown across pre-COVID cohorts as well? 
Kunal Swarup: 
I think the slowdown has been across cohorts. I don't think we can single out only the COVID-
related cohort because like Akshant pointed out it's a broader industry wide macro slowdown 
and there are some trends that we are seeing. For example, in the more higher end premium 
customers, it's some share shift from online to offline, some loss of orders due to premium travel 
and on the mid-income side it is more driven by macros. These are some of the trends that we 
saw, and which is what we put out in our letter but outside of that I don't think there is anything 
very noticeable. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
In the Gold program we have offered some discounts on certain restaurants. I just wanted to 
understand who will be bearing these discounts? Will it be the restaurants or Zomato is also 
taking some burden over here? 
Akshant Goyal: 
These are all restaurant funded discounts, Swapnil. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time we will now take the last 1-2 questions. The next 
question is from the line of Mr. Aditya Suresh from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Suresh: 
Akshant maybe for you, so you had Zomaland in this quarter, brand marketing spends went up. 
What is one of the metrics here you're looking at to judge the efficiency of the spending versus 
for example some of the more direct levers like say increasing platform discounts?  
Akshant Goyal: 
There is platform discounts, there is digital marketing, there is broader mass media marketing 
and then we also market through some of the events that you mentioned. ROIs for each of these 
channels of marketing have to be calculated differently and looked at differently because some 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
of them have smaller feedback loops, some of them have slightly longer feedback loops. Just 
like any other business, we continuously continue to evaluate the channels which are working 
well for us and slightly index our marketing spending more to those channels versus others and 
some of these things are also seasonal. So, some kind of brand marketing works in a particular 
quarter versus others. Now that we have a 4-5-year history behind us, we're getting better at this 
every year going forward. 
Aditya Suresh: 
I appreciate that the conditions are dynamic and there are multiple levers that you are kind of 
solving for at all times. But if I just had to tactically ask you over the next 6-12 months what are 
the top three KPIs that you are managing for?  
Akshant Goyal: 
There are a bunch of things. Eventually everything is about growth and profitability. These are 
the two metrics in addition to customer NPS or stakeholder NPS. If you were to ask me for three 
metrics, I would say overall growth of the business, overall profitability, and the stakeholder 
NPS in our ecosystem, those are the things we will really care about.  
Aditya Suresh: 
If I could, at one level below that Akshant, what would be the steps which you are kind of 
prioritizing towards whether it be for example any of the contribution margin levers or the 
growth levers or products? Any specific measures you want to speak about? 
Akshant Goyal: 
These are all business discussions, Aditya. I don’t want to share how we think about our business 
and strategy on this call, so I don’t want to be that specific. I hope that’s okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
I know it’s still fairly early but any initial reaction on the Zomato Gold impact on business? Are 
you seeing any increased ordering from the power customers? Also given that the threshold for 
free delivery on Gold is INR 199 which is practically half of your AOV. Is it fair to assume that 
there will be a bit of a drag on AOV because of Zomato Gold scaling up? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Mukul, on the overall impact of Zomato Gold, it is very early right now. We are barely 2 weeks 
into it. The only thing that we wanted to share at this point which we have shared in our letter is 
that we are now close to 9,00,000 members which means that the program is scaling rapidly. But 
how it is impacting our economics and frequency, it’s a little early to talk about that. On your 
second question, it works both ways. Having an AOV baseline of INR 199 also helps move some 
lower AOV orders to higher AOV. On balance, I would not conclude that the order value will 
come down because of it. It might also go up, so we'll see evidence of that as we go along but 
right now it's very early in the journey to be talking about any specific things. 
Mukul Garg: 
Secondly, if I take a slightly longer-term performance in the food delivery space, over the last 
four to five quarters, your YoY growth has been coming off and right now you are growing at 
the same pace at which broader QSR space has grown in Q3. How should we see the long-term 
growth perspective of Zomato? Is it still fair to continue to assume that the growth will be 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
meaningful because of the early stage of the food delivery industry in terms of adoption, or 
should we now start seeing some convergence with the broader food industry given the large 
revenue base as well as the infeasibility of scaling up in smaller cities? 
Kunal Swarup: 
Hi Mukul, this is Kunal here. I'll take this. I think we've also adequately answered this in the 
shareholders’ letter (SHL). I think obviously the YoY growth has come off a little bit because 
of the last quarter and quarter before that being slower growth quarters. But like we've also 
pointed out, from an overall new customer addition on an annual basis, I think it’s been pretty 
healthy and so is our power customer cohort. I think these are fairly good indicators that overall, 
we are heading in the right direction. There may be a couple of quarters of ups and downs that 
we see and largely linked to macro events, but we don't see anything structurally concerning at 
this point in time.  
Mukul Garg: 
The last one was for Deepinder. Deepinder thanks for providing your perspective on leadership 
in the letter but I just wanted to clarify, have the key leadership roles been assigned to other 
members of the team or have they been consolidated with the current leadership for the time 
being? 
Deepinder Goyal: 
This is actually mix of both here. I am also doing a bunch of things, Akshant has also taken a 
couple of things up and we also have a strong bench. So, with the combination of all these three 
things we are good for now. 
Mukul Garg: 
Just to take this forward, how do you see this play out over the longer term? I know you have 
addressed the unusually high volatility in leadership but given the bandwidth and the multiple 
roles which you are juggling at the moment; are you expecting to retain whatever you have taken 
additionally, or will this be kind of given to suitable candidates as you see them come up? 
Deepinder Goyal: 
So, far, we can fit it into the 12 to 14 hours a day, so it's perfectly fine. But we're always 
constantly on the lookout for talent, so mix and match again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conclude this conference call. Thank you for 
joining in and you may now disconnect your lines.  
