                                                  
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 9th February, 2023 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai-400001. 
Scrip Code: 533080 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051. 
Symbol: MOLDTKPAC - EQ 
 
Sub: Transcripts/Outcome of Analysts/Investors Conference Call for discussing the Un-
audited Financial Results of the Company for the third quarter ended on 31st December, 
2022 and other Business Updates 
 
Ref: Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
This has reference to our letter dated 3rd February, 2023, where-in the Company has given 
intimation to the exchange(s) about the schedule of the Analyst/Investors conference call of the 
company for discussing the un-audited financial results of the Company for the third quarter ended 
on 31st December, 2022 and other business updates on Monday, the 6th day of February, 2023 at 
4:00 P.M. (IST). 
 
In this regard, pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of 
Schedule-III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the Transcripts of the Analyst/Investors conference call of the company and 
the same has been uploaded on the website of the Company at:  
 
https://www.moldtekpackaging.com/investors.html   
 
 
For Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
  
   
 
Subhojeet Bhattacharjee 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
SUBHOJEET 
BHATTACH
ARJEE
Digitally signed 
by SUBHOJEET 
BHATTACHARJEE 
Date: 2023.02.09 
11:09:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Mold-Tek Packaging Limited  
Q3 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J LAKSHMANA RAO – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MOLD-TEK PACKAGING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANSHUL AGARWAL – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '23 Results Conference Call of 
Mold-Tek Packaging hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. We have with us today Mr. 
J. Lakshmana Rao, Chairman and Managing Director of Mold-Tek Packaging. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions at the end of today’s presentation. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anshul Agarwal, Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anshul Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome the management of Mold-Tek 
Packaging and thank them for the opportunity to host this earnings call on their behalf. I shall 
now hand over the call to Mr. Rao for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Good afternoon and thank you very much for being interested in our company's quarterly review 
call. As put up in the information, the company has a flattish Q3. Periodically, fiscally, Q3 is a 
low period for us soon after the festival season there is generally a dip in paint and other 
activities, painting and other activities, which results generally in a flattish Q3. But this year, 
due to a sharp drop in paint demand by almost 10%, the overall growth in Q3 happened to be 
just around 3% in volume terms. And the revenue terms, it's dipped by 3.4% from INR 160 
crores to INR 154 crores. 
That's mainly due to the 10% drop in the Paint segment volume and 16% drop in value-wise. So 
this has contributed towards flattish results for the quarter Q3. However, the 9-month period, we 
have good numbers. Almost around [inaudible 0:02:16] increase in volumes and around 24% 
increase in PAT compared to the 9 months of the previous year. And EBITDA margins, in this 
current quarter got affected, again, due to under-capacity utilization and several new projects 
being started simultaneously. 
There are personnel additions to the company, while their output and productivity will only come 
from -- once the projects start in the next few quarters. So that is the glimpse of the whole thing. 
On the positive side, we have 1 good news to share is, Shell has adopted our QR-coded IML and 
introduced their first brand in the last week -- in just first week of February. And two more food 
companies, Cream Stone and Walko are in the final stage of introducing QR-coded IML for their 
promotions. 
So that our QR code concept is slowly getting into the minds of our clients, and they are also 
getting ready with the software support that is required to add up the digital IML in their 
packaging. So that is one good news I want to share. And coming on the other front, we have 
been now given two Letters of Intent from Aditya Birla Group to set a plant in Panipat, one plant 
in Panipat and another at near Chennai. In both locations, we have acquired the land near to their 
plants, within the periphery of -- within three to five kilometres range. And these two plants will 
come up simultaneously, one by end of this next financial year. That is Jan to March of '24. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
And probably in the next quarter, the Chennai plant also should go into production. So these two 
plants land has been acquired. Some of the payments are paid, and commitments for the fuel, 
and final payment to the industries development authorities will be done in this month. And 
soon, construction will start for these two plants. Our plant at Sulthanpur is almost ready for 
commercial production for Food and FMCG. Hopefully, in the next couple of weeks or 
maximum by end of February, that plant may go into production for Food and FMCG, with more 
than 12 injection molding machines in place along with the robots and molds. 
So that plant, for the remaining part of the pharma, it may take at least another 4 to 5 months to 
complete the DMF and get the approvals for the pharma production to go on stream. That is 
basically the update today, and I wish to cover more information on questions and answers. Can 
I give it over to you to start the question-answers? 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Chandrika from Rika Enterprises . 
Chandrika: 
My first question pertains to the IBM business, the injection blow-molding business. Now I feel 
that the business is going to be a big failure for us, just like dispenser pumps was. The IBM is 
also a very competitive market, just like dispenser pumps was. Also, we are waiting for the 
Pharma City to be built up in Hyderabad. 
When it will come up and whether it will come up, nobody knows. Even assuming that it comes 
up, why should the pharma companies buy their IBM material from you? They will just use you 
to negotiate better terms with their existing suppliers, get their existing players to set up plants 
in Hyderabad and buy from them rather than buying from you. They will just use you to negotiate 
better terms with their existing suppliers. 
So instead of entering this competitive business, why don't you stick to IML, where you have a 
competitive advantage. I feel the IBM business is going to be a failure just like the dispenser 
pump business is, because what, because the pharma companies will not buy from you. That is 
my first question. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
You have the second question, or do you want me to answer this? 
Chandrika: 
My second question is even assuming the IBM business is a success, within the next three to 
five years, what kind of revenues and profit can we expect from this business? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
See, I don't get you [inaudible 0:07:31], sir, but anyway, there is a considerable product -- I 
mean, competition in the IBM products at a lower end. When it comes to pharmaceutical, there 
are hardly three or four major players: Shriji, Pravesha and Gopal Das are known names. Gary 
Shimmer is an international company. They have set up here in India. They have made an 
acquisition. So other than these four, there are no major players. And this area of pharma is not 
dependent on just the Pharma City coming up at Hyderabad. Our idea is to supply this across 
the country. 
And there is a demand from these companies growing at a pace of more than 10% to 15% per 
annum. And this increase in demand will be met through additional capacities we are creating. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
And we are also not just limiting ourselves to the bottles, IBM bottles. We also have effervescent 
tablet packs, we have other products in mind to enter into pharma. For example, even canisters 
for the desiccants we are introducing. 
So like this, there will be variety of products other than just the bottles of IBM in our pharma 
range. That is your first concern. And the Pharma City in Hyderabad is an added advantage. 
Once that comes up, maybe as you correctly said, it may take two, three years to start. That will 
be giving us an advantage being of a local player. That is not the complete dependencies on that 
Pharma City is not a true -- correct understanding. 
So coming to other IBM applications, there are many applications of IBM in the OTC sector and 
already, your company has captured the order from Iodex, almost to the tune of INR 7 crores to 
INR 8 crores per annum. And those molds are now given clearance for the commercial 
production. So probably in the next two, three months, these Iodex OTC products will start. 
So in IBM, what competitiveness you are looking at is for bottles, which are at the lower end of 
the spectrum. But even there, there is enough conversion coming from EBM to IBM, which is 
enabling decent prices and better realization compared to EBM products across the spectrum. 
Coming to the next three years' revenues, in the IBM alone, we anticipate the numbers to go at 
least 100% over the next three years each year, starting from maybe INR 8 crores to INR 10 
crores in the year '23 - '24, and doubling within two, three years to a reasonable size of INR 50 
crores to INR 60 crores in IBM alone. Other than this, we'll be having other pharma products, 
which will be start contributing towards the end of this year because there's a lot of DMF 
approvals that are required. But even in these desiccants and other areas, we have to have a 
DMF-approved plants, which we'll be only getting into operational by June, July this year. From 
then, it will take time for approvals and supplies may commercially start from towards the end 
of this year. 
So in this current year, we will be looking at OTC products and other IBM products to start 
contributing to the top line. But better numbers from Pharma will be coming more from the next 
financial year, and together, we are anticipating in 3 to 4 years, we should be at least reaching a 
level of INR 60 crores to INR 80 crores top line with a decent EBITDA margin. 
Chandrika: 
My last question to you is on the dispenser pump business, that business is an abysmal failure. 
What are you going to do with it? Are you going to shut it down fully or are you going to still 
going to continue with this despite people are not buying from us? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. We are -- I explained to you last time, I don't know whether you were in the meeting. The 
dispenser pump investment is, let's say, about INR 12 crores, out of which only INR 2.5 crores 
to INR 3 crores are particularly mentioned IR marker for the molds and the assembly line. 
Remaining INR 9 crores are general purpose investment in the injection molding, including the 
infrastructure. And those are all being used for our Food and FMCG products parallelly without 
keeping them idle. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
So I would say it is an investment which is only partially utilized, those INR 3 crores, INR 3.5 
crores worth of investment on molds and assembly lines are only partially utilized. Today, we 
are making about 1 million pumps per month, which is keeping the line busy for hardly 25%, 
30% of its capacity that I agree. But the remaining INR 9 crores to INR 10 crores investment in 
the plant and machinery, injection molding and the land and buildings are completely utilized 
for our Food and FMCG. It is completely a tangible activity where injection molding machines 
can be used for other purposes. Almost at 75% to 80% capacity utilization in par with our other 
machinery. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So sir, I'm a bit new to the company. So sorry for my questions, if they might be a little bit basic 
in nature. So we were just talking about our new expansions that are announced, going through 
the previous quarter's presentation. We've earmarked nearly INR 250 crores for expansion in -- 
for the next year, so could you just help me out with the new two expansions that you are talking 
about? Aditya Birla one, what is the time line for that? And what -- and any kind of capex and 
asset from that we can expect from that? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. There are two plants we have been given a Letter of Intent by Aditya Birla Group to -- we 
set up one at Panipat and another at Cheyyur, near Chennai. And these two plants have to come 
into manufacturing by Q4 of '24 in Panipat, and maximum by the first quarter of next year, that 
is Q1 of '25, in Cheyyur. So both these two plants, land has been earmarked to us by the 
industries departments. Already advance payments have been made for the land acquisition, 
which are very close to the plants of ABG coming up there. 
And these two plants, they have initial commitment of about 2,000 tons per annum initially, but 
we are going progressively to build up their capacity. And those plants are expected to reach 
3,000 to 4,000 tons of plastic material sale for us in the year 3. So that is the commitments or 
projections given by ABG. And these 2 plants will be entailing -- the Panipat plant might be 
requiring around INR 30 crores to INR 35 crores because of the cost of the land being higher in 
Panipat and about INR 25 crores, INR 26 crores at Chennai. So together, about INR 60 crores 
investment will be made at these 2 plants in the next 12 to 15 months. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Sir, and what kind of revenues that we can expect or payback period or something that we could 
expect from these two plants? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
See, the typical payback period we work on is 1 plus 4 years. That is -- 1 year is for the first year 
of its establishment. And then in -- within 4 years, we look forward. So around 20% ROCE is 
what we look at. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
And sir, and in general sir, what would be our target for the next 2 to 3 years, what kind of 
growth are we expecting? And what kind of margins would trouble because right now, as you 
said, we are getting new employees and everything. So can we go back to our previous 20% 
margin? What would -- what kind of circumstances would you need to be able to reach that? So 
those are two of my questions. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. The -- as I've given my previous projections, we are first to achieving 20% volume growth 
in this year. We are at 19.64% for the first 9 months. And our -- typically, the first -- fourth 
quarter and the first quarters are the best quarters, so we are already seeing a decent growth in 
January and anticipate for the fourth quarter will be better than last year's fourth quarter. And 
we will be able to come close to the projected 20% volume growth for the full year. 
And going by the next two, several projects that are coming into production now, especially the 
one at Sulthanpur which is getting into production as early as February and March this year. And 
the plants at Panipat should get into the production by the end of this Q4, but Sulthanpur will be 
contributing to the numbers right from beginning of the year, let's say, March '23 onwards. So 
that plant has already received 14 injection molding machines, and IBM machines and other 
pharma machinery is expected to arrive by June, July '23. 
Though I'm not counting much on the pharma numbers, these Food and FMCG products at 
Sulthanpur will start production right in Feb, March. And this is being the beginning of our busy 
season till June, July or till the festival season, we anticipate the numbers to grow at a healthy 
15% to 18% or maybe 20%, if things go well for the next financial year also. 
But the year '24 -'25 is more promising because by then, our pharma products also will be well 
published. Panipat plant and Chennai plant will be going into a full stream of production, and 
our plant at Daman for Food and FMCG, which we are kind of starting construction this year, 
will be ready to take out the Western market by next February or March. So the year '24 - '25, 
we will have multiple engines of growth. 
Sulthanpur pharma also getting into production. Panipat and Cheyyur starting commercial 
production, Daman second unit -- at Panipat, we are also planning to create small capacities for 
our Food and FMCG, but they will also get into production by beginning of next calendar year. 
And so for the next busy season, we'll be having our Food and FMCG, not only going from 
Sulthanpur, that is near Hyderabad, not the Sultanpur in UP, this Sulthanpur is just next door to 
our main plant in Annaram, in Hyderabad. 
So these two plants, apart from Hyderabad two plants, Daman plant in West and Panipat plant 
in North, we'll be able to start catering to the regional demands of the Food and FMCG products. 
So thereby, we anticipate the year '24 - '25 to be much stronger. And again, we may look at 20% 
volume growth like what we are achieving in this year. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So sir, to summarize, FY '24, we might see 15% to 18% volume growth. And for -- from FY '25, 
we might see more growth as more capacities come in. So post that, we might also see 20%, 
25% growth? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Yes, 20% you can... 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
A 20% growth. And these are volume growth and, sir... 
Lakshmana Rao: 
I am talking volume growth because the numbers doesn't matter because of raw material 
fluctuation, we always go by the targets of volume growth. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
And at that level, our EBITDA could reach 20%, or would that be a fair assumption? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. That's again, we always talk in purchasing, which is -- our benchmark was INR 40 to INR 
42. This quarter, it dipped to INR 38-point-something due to the underutilization of capacities 
and some of the overheads what we are bearing due to the various projects, which are on the 
anvil, but not got into production. 
But I think it will be INR 40-plus from the fourth quarter onwards that is March quarter onwards. 
And it will remain in the range of INR 40, INR 42 till the pharma products start contributing, 
INR 42, INR 43, if possible. But once the pharma starts contributing from '24 - '25, we anticipate 
it to be in the region of INR 45. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
And sir, if I might ask a few more questions. Sir, what would be our current capacity utilization? 
Because we are coming with a lot of new capex, so what would be your current capacity 
utilization? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
The current capacity utilization in majority of the plants is above 70%. But our plant at Satara, 
which is meant for Asian Paints, has had a small setback because Asian Paints is going for 
expansion at Satara for the last 3 months. They're planning to continue so till February. Only in 
March, they are planning to restart fully the operations along with the expanded capacity. So 
that is 1 of the reasons for the setback in our Paint business in this quarter. Satara plant of Asian 
Paints has gone in for expansion, is going on for expansion. And there are some disturbances or 
kind of deviations from their planned capacity utilization, which impacted our capacity 
utilization in this Q3. 
And the indications are, from February end or beginning March, they will go in for full 
operations along with the expanded capacity that may help improving our business also from 
March onwards. So the -- otherwise, the plant capacity utilizations are in the region of 75% to 
80%, but for Satara, which is around 63%. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we move to the next question from the line of Harsh from Marcellus. 
Harsh: 
Two questions from my side. So the first question was regarding volume degrowth in the Paint 
segment. So we have seen 10% volume degrowth for -- in the Paint segment. However, we 
couldn't see such sort of a volume degrowth in Asian or Berger Paints business? So are we seeing 
some market share loss in this business? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
No, no. You might be looking at Asian Paints and the other numbers in the revenue terms. But 
in the tonnage terms, there is a dip or at least stagnation in their numbers. And in the case of 
Asian Paints, the volume dropped is 6%. And in the case of AkzoNobel, it is 14%, in terms of 
volume. So they are 1 of our both top clients. Asian Paints is our number one client followed by 
AkzoNobel and then comes KNP and others. 
So these numbers are -- in terms of revenue rupees, they've made several price rises in the last 
12 months. So in terms of rupees, you might not have seen any drop. But in terms of volume, 
there is a drop. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Harsh:  
 
And sir, second question was on Berger. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Berger also, there's a drop. So these three are the major volume reductions -- reduces for us. 
Harsh:  
 
Third reason you mentioned, sir? I couldn't get that. 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Mondelez, that's Cadbury. 
Harsh: 
Second question was on Berger Paints. In their earlier call they've mentioned, they're setting up 
a plant for Berger Paints in north of India, but -- any updates on this? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. Berger Paints is coming up at Sandila, where we also have acquired land, and we have set 
up a small plant near to Kanpur in a leasing premises, which will be shifted to Sandila maybe 
towards end of this year or beginning of next financial year. Until then, our small plant will be 
catering to KNP and a small portion to Berger. 
I think Berger is also planning to go into stream this year, sometime in middle of this financial 
year. And once their numbers start going up, our capacity utilization also will improve in that 
small unit at Kanpur. 
Harsh:  
 
But we have started work on this small unit, right? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, yes. It's already up and running for the last 6 months, 8 months, mainly to KNP. Berger 
numbers are yet to start. 
Harsh: 
And thirdly, so Asian Paints have recently announced their capex expansion, the new greenfield 
facility in their MP -- in Madhya Pradesh. So any updates, have you received a Letter of Intent 
or something like that? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
See, they are about to decide about the location and other things. We are also in touch with them. 
We definitely have a chance, but at this stage, I can't comment on that opportunity. 
Harsh: 
And lastly, if you could update the cash on books at the end of 31 December 2022? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Cash on book means, you are looking at our... 
Harsh:  
 
The cash balance. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Debt limits have come down. From cash on -- it's equivalent to INR 2.2 crores, but long-term 
debt has come down. Overall debt has come down from INR 44 crores to INR 33.5 crores. 
Harsh: 
Because all these expansions, are we looking to take on more debt for these expansion projects 
that we have? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
See, company is generating enough revenues to sustain. And actually, our short-term debt that 
is on working capital is hardly INR 4.6 crores, which used to be 3, 4 years ago to the tune of 
around INR 90 crores. It has now come down to just INR 4.5 crores in spite of investing almost 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
INR 85 crores so far in this current financial year, and we have another commitments to complete 
another INR 40 crores investment in the next 3 to 4 months. 
So as anticipated, in the next 2, 3 years, our investment of INR 250 crores would be mostly 
funded by internal generation. And if any need be, we'll be using our working capital funds, 
which to the tune of more than INR 100 crores, we can actually borrow based on the limits that 
are available on our stocks. But current utilization is hardly INR 4.6 crores. So all the expansion 
projects will be funded through internal generation, and need be, some increase in the short-term 
debt or long-term debt, whatever the case may be. Our debt equity is at 0.06 as of today. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Amnish Aggarwal from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Yes. Sir, a few normal questions. One being, what is the ratio of IML and non-IML for us in 
Q3? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
IML and non-IML, I think it's more or less -- stable. Total IML is 67.36% as against 65.46% last 
year, so about 2% improvement in the overall IML in terms of volume. In terms of value, from 
68.3%, it becomes 71%. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And like you've said, Paint has declined by 10%. So what has been the growth for your Lubes 
and Food? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Lubes is 17%, Food is around 25%. So because the Paint constitute more than 50% of our top 
line, there, the 10% dip has brought down the entire overall growth to only 3%. So Lubes has a 
healthy growth of 17%. Food and FMCG, we're close to 25% growth. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
25%. Okay. And what could be the -- your sales proportion now, how much would be the sales 
from Paints? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Paints is 50%, Lube around 28% in terms of volume, I am talking, and the remaining 22% is 
from Food and FMCG, which was around 18% last year. So from 18%, the Food and FMCG 
business has become 22%. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And in terms of value? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
In terms of value, it was 22.8% last year, has become 27.7%. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Food and FMCG? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Food and FMCG. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And Paints? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Paints was 54%, has dipped to 46.5%. 16.7% drop in the value terms. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And Lubes would have been the balance? 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Lubes is up by around 8% in value. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And sir, what is driving the growth of Lubes, because Lubes as such is not that high growth of 
a segment? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
No. So in the Lubes, the growth is coming through DEF, which is a low-end lubricant. That's 
why if you notice, while the sales growth is 8% in revenue terms, the volume growth looks 17% 
because this is a low-end lube called DEF, introduced by several lube companies with low-end 
utilization for -- mainly for the add lubes, it's called add lube blend, for which we are giving 
majorly to Gulf and Valvoline. So there, the -- even the use of ordinary paints is more than in 
liquids, so there the value addition is little less. But that is what is driving the growth in Lube 
industry. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And sir, what about EBITDA per kg overall and for Paints, Lubes and FMCG during this 
quarter? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
We didn't have the breakup for this quarter, but in general, it is like this; Paints will be in the 
tune of around INR 42, overall average, I'm talking. Lubricants also will be in the range of INR 
30 to INR 32 -- INR 35 range and Food and FMCG will be typically around INR 80 per kg. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And now given the fact that volumes have dipped by 10% for Paints in 3Q, so how has the 4Q 
started, is there some uptick in the demand and other offtake? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. In January, we have a very good demand uptick. And as I told you, the plant of Asian Paints 
in Satara is undergoing expansion, and it may go back into full production from March. So there 
is some disruption in their activities because of the expansion project. But they will be back into 
normalcy from March onwards, and we certainly hope that at least the numbers of Asian Paints, 
which dipped during last 3, 4 months will be back into normalcy or better going forward. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
So what sort of volume growth are we targeting in 4Q for Paints in general and overall for the 
company? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
4Q Paint growth, we anticipate 8% to 10% only because from a minus 10%, probably, it may 
come up to 7% to 8% plus side. Lubricant will continue to have decent growth because this DEF 
is relatively new, so this growth in the Q4 compared to the Q4 of last year will be again in double 
digits. But we are more positive on Food and FMCG. We hope to cross at least 30% growth we 
clocked in Food and FMCG in this quarter or the previous Q1, is our guess. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Hitesh Taunk from ICICI Direct. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
Sir, my question is on the lubricant front, as you mentioned that there was a significant growth 
of low-margin business. And going forward, you're looking, you are estimating the same kind 
of double-digit growth in the lubricant segment. Then I have heard that there could be impact on 
the margin of the company. If I'm wrong, please give some explanation on that? That is the first 
question. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Second question, sir, if you can elaborate your capex plan for FY '24? You mentioned the plants 
and all detail, but I missed the absolute number of capex for FY '24 overall and if you can give 
segment-wise capex like for paint, for lubricant, or for FMCG and even for proforma, that will 
be really helpful? 
And third question is on FMCG front, sir. You mentioned that you are very confident that you 
will be going to clock around 30% kind of volume growth. And I believe that we are growing at 
approximately 20% to 25% CAGR on that business as well. So what gives you so much of 
confident that this segment is likely to grow by 20% to 25% CAGR for the next two years? I 
just wanted to know which new segments or say, existing customers' wallet share are you going 
to gain? These are my three questions. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. Coming to your first investment question, the investment, again, will be in the tune of INR 
100 crores to INR 125 crores for the next financial year as in this year. We have already in this 
year, incurred more than INR 80 crores so far, and we have machinery and other robots coming 
up in the next few months which will complete, I think, more than INR 100 crores investment 
in this current financial year. And the next year, we'll be crossing again, INR 100 crores, INR 
120 crores overall investment. 
Panipat and Cheyyur will be the rest of the INR 50 crores. We are spending around INR 12 
crores, INR 13 crores on the land for both the locations put together, there will be an additional 
INR 50 crores investment at Panipat and Cheyyur for ABG. And at Daman, we are setting up a 
Food and FMCG project where we have earmarked around INR 20 crores to INR 25 crores. That 
is for Food and FMCG. 
And at Sulthanpur, we are having this pharmaceutical machinery arriving in the first quarter of 
next financial year to the tune of around INR 15 crores in the first phase. And we are also adding 
1 printing technology, new digital technology machine arriving in March, so that maybe March 
or April.  
So next year, we'll be having at least INR 25 crores investment at Sulthanpur, INR 25 crores at 
Daman, and Panipat and Cheyyur to the tune of INR 50 crores to INR 55 crores. And Sandoli -
- Sandila, where we are planning for this Berger and KNP to the tune of around INR 15 crores 
to INR 18 crores in the first phase will be spent and there will be tooling machinery, there will 
be other ancillary equipment, balancing equipment, to the tune of INR 5 crores to INR 10 crores. 
All put together, next year, plan is also in the tune of around INR 120 crores of capex, out of 
which around INR 50 crores, plus a part of it pertains to Panipat, but it's a, INR 55 crores, INR 
58 crores will be for Food and FMCG and Pharma and the remaining INR 55 crores, INR 60 
crores will be for Paints, mainly for ABG. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
And about your FMCG growth plan, sir, any new products will be introduced or what, sir? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Actually, if you look at our 9-month figures, our Food and FMCG has grown by around 35%. 
Only in the Q3, we have a small dip of 25%. But for the first two quarters, it was more than 
40%. So overall 9 months, even today, it is a healthy 35% growth. And as generally, it happens 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
whenever Diwali is late, and Diwali closes in October and November beginning, there will be a 
sudden drop in all the consumable Food and FMCG product consumption, including edible oils, 
ghee and sweets, and all other products, even the snack packs, sweet packs. 
So this is, again, is the reason for the Q3 to be dull historically, it's not this Q3. But typically, 
our growth rate in Food and FMCG is exceeding 35%, 40%. That's why I'm very confident at 
least 30% growth, we will be achieving again in the Q1 of this current year. 
My guess is, would have been 40%, but for the delay in three major products that Kissan Jam 
and Horlicks, 2 packs were taken again into February. Some trial lots only they have taken in 
the month of -- end of January, and trails are all successfully completed on their filling lines. So 
hopefully, we are expecting some call ups to start in Feb, March. So even if we do not get much 
in this quarter, you will still clock at least 25%, 30% growth in Food and FMCG in Q1 -- Q4 of 
the current financial year. 
But Q1 of next year, we'll definitely have these three products up and sold. So they will be, 
again, adding for the next year growth. These are the three products which can contribute about 
10% of our sales. So apart from 25%, 30% which we normally see, additional 10% will come 
from only these 3 products. That's why I'm confident next year also, we'll see 30%-plus kind of 
growth in the Food and FMCG segment. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
 
Three products you said, Kissan jam, Horlicks and which one... 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Horlicks is 2 packs. 1 kg and 2 kg packs. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
And sir, my other question was on the Lubricant segment, which is growing much faster than... 
Lakshmana Rao: 
The growth of DEF is basically because of low-end product it is and there are low-end techniques 
to manufacture them. So the margins may not impact so much because Lubricant as it is 
constitute around 25% of our sales. And in that 25%, 10% of them constitute DEF, the growth 
which is coming from the DEF. 
But if you see the overall growth of our Lubricant, it is 17.5%. So 7.5% is a healthy growth 
coming from IML containers and regular lubricant containers, which are shifting more and more 
into IML. So, I wouldn't be much worried about those 10% of the lubricant packs, which are at 
low margin, because we are getting more and more QR code conversions in IML in the next few 
quarters. Already, Shell has introduced, given us clearance for 4 SKUs. One SKU has already 
been supplied, and the balance are going in February. And once they see their software and their 
supply chain is all set for QR code traceability, they want to go more and more into QR-coded 
IML. 
Similarly, Castrol is also at their final trial after a long gap, which we anticipated this to happen 
6, 7 months ago. But due to the software compatibility and the internal changes they have to 
adopt to get into QR code, they are taking longer time. So we anticipate better realization from 
these QR-coded IML containers going forward, so that will more than offset this small, low-
margin business. So I wouldn't be worried about that impacting the margin. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
What will impact the margins is growth in Food and FMCG and growth in Pharma going 
forward. Even the margins, what we negotiated with ABG group, are reasonably strong and 
sustain -- they won't bring down our overall EBITDA. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
So sir, when you're saying that we have a new customer for the Lubricant segment that too on a 
higher-margin products, so that means that -- can we anticipate the segment which was growing 
very dull on a volume point of view, 4% to 5% kind of growth historically, and can it grow by 
around 10% to 12% CAGR for next 2 years, in terms of volume? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes, certainly because -- not only that, whether they go for QR or not, slowly, more and more 
new companies are shifting their packs and brands into IML. That itself is a growth enhancer for 
us. Even if the industry grows at 4% to 5%, we can easily get 8% to 10% growth in the Lube for 
the next 2, 3 years. 
If the QR code adoption also catches up, which have been -- not want to be too optimistic, 
because it's been taking a long time by the leaders. But once the leaders set up it and others 
follow the trend, it can catch up. But in spite of whether QR code emerges, I mean, entrenches, 
the others are not, getting 8% to 10% growth in the regular Lube business is certainly possible. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
And sir, my last question, last is bookkeeping question, sir. I missed the volume -- absolute 
volume numbers for the segment wise, if you can share it once again, sir? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Absolute numbers, means tons, I can give you. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
 
Paints and the Lubricants. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
For Paints it is 3,800 tons, Lubes, it is 2,100 tons. Food is around 1,625 tons. 
Hitesh Taunk: 
1,625 tons. And sir, in the revenue point of view, sales for the same? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Sales point of view, 46.5% is Paints, 25.7% Lubes, balance is Food and FMCG. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Sir, my first question is, how big is the revenue contributor of Shell as a percentage of overall 
Lubricant revenues? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
So it is, Shell is contributing out of total, let's say, 100% of lubricant sale, Shell must be in the 
tune of around 20%. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Of Lubricant revenue? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Of the Lubricant revenue. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
So given that Shell is a large customer, is it fair to say that other players may also line up if the 
project with Shell is a success? 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. If Shell starts -- actually, they are starting with only 4 SKUs. They have more than 30 
SKUs. In these 4, they want to go into the market and look at their entire supply chain, be ready 
to adopt the QR code. Because the QR coding is just not for identifying the product, but to ensure 
that there is a traceability, there's a promotion opportunity, dynamic promotions, which I 
explained in my previous calls. So that is what they want to completely test with this first brand. 
Once this brand is proved and it is -- in -- and their supply chain adjusts to this utilization of QR 
codes' effectiveness, they want to see for the next couple of months. And I'm sure once they taste 
the success, they will certainly go for shifting most of their brands into QR. 
Similarly, Castrol is also almost there, probably they may take another month or so to test their 
internal software and tie up the software to the supply chain issues that arise out of QR code. 
That process they are in. And once that is streamlined, they will also be moving into it. And 
there are a couple of FMCG companies, Walko and Creamline Dairy, we are talking to them 
about introducing this for their promotional side of QR code. 
So things are slowly getting opened up, and companies are showing interest and identifying the 
effectiveness of QR code. But for their internal supply chain arrangements, they may take little 
longer time to adopt this. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Secondly, sir, on the pharma side. As of now, this Iodex as the OTC customer, are we in talks 
with mainstream pharma companies, given that we are targeting revenues to come in the next 6 
to 8 months? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Next 6 to 8 months, we are not targeting, Buddha. This basically, only from Iodex is the 1 major 
item, and there are a couple of other dairy products where we will be using our regular IBM. But 
going into pharma, we'll be starting sometime in June, July. And as I told you in the last calls 
also, it will take at least 4 to 5 months for us to get the approvals. And we are in touch with most 
of the pharma companies, but they all are awaiting for the samples to be submitted, and then 
only they take the things forward. 
And we are also planning not to have all the eggs in one basket, like only export containers. We 
are also planning effervescent tablet tubes and desiccant canisters to add to our product portfolio. 
We are in talks with -- very initial talks with a nasal drops development -- I mean, company. 
And if that also comes in, we may have that product range also in the initial phase itself so that 
we don't have a long period of gestation after we start set up the injection range, June, July. 
Hopefully, these products will take off quickly, than the export tablet packs, which have longer 
time for clearances in terms of both American side and mainly the customs clearances. 
So while that product -- project goes on -- that product cadences take little longer time till, say 
beginning of next calendar year, we will be pushing our sales in the other segments so that, that 
keeps our facilities also busy. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And sir, last question is on Food and FMCG. So given that our organic growth is in high double 
digits, what would be our penetration with our existing Food and FMCG clients? Penetration, 
meaning how much adoption have they done of IML? Is there a big room for growth organically? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. There is still a long way to go in India for IML. Now, slowly, restaurants are identifying 
IML as a better way of fishing out most of these Swiggy and other sales they do across the 
counter, or take-home packs. So because it retains a brand image, it is very convenient for the 
clients, to have some kind of tamper evidence and leak-proof. 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
So the penetration of IML with those customers would be, what, single digit? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
What do you mean those customers single digit? 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
No, what I'm saying is assuming if we are dealing with an ice cream customer, so for example, 
Amul. So Amul would not have converted all their containers or package into IML, right? They 
would also be selling in other packs. So what would be the share of IML in their own packaging, 
is what I was asking. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. In the dairy industry, I would say it is in the tune of 20%, 25%. The entire ice cream, 
nowadays, majority of these people have shifted to IML containers. Nobody can sell nowadays 
in ordinary dab-looking containers anymore. Everybody is looking at a well-decorated ice cream 
container. So that way, it is more or less adopted. But even today, a lot of this butter, ghee, 
cheese, only the top brands have shifted. Some of them are still not shifted from tin or other 
forms of packing. There is a long way to go. 
And coming to the another area where we are finding shift coming is protein powder, that -- 
peanut butter and other products. People started shifting, I would say about 15%, 20% of the 
market is now using IML and remaining 80% to 90% are yet to shift. 
Cashews packaging has slowly started in IML, the containers, because they look better and 
exporting that product in a 5-liter square pack or 2-liter small pack would look much better than 
selling it in tins and putting a stickered decoration on it. So that is very initial stage, I would say, 
hardly 5%, 3% to 5%, so it can grow multiple times. 
So like that, there are various other segments. For example, another area catching up is dates. 
Dates earlier, which were there in ordinary paper packing and later on cardboard packing and 
later on into ordinary plastic packing, are now going in for IML containers. So dates is another 
product which is slowly moving more and more into IML. 
Sweet boxes are still, I would say, hardly 2% to 3% or maybe less than 3% of the sweet boxes 
used in the country, I would say, less than 1%, are currently in IML containers. The top brands 
are slowly going in for that, and the secondary and tertiary brands have also -- will not have 
choice in the next 2 years to adapt into IML sweet boxes. Because as and when people start 
comparing, they will attach quality to the decoration. So they think this sweet is much more 
superior than the other ones. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
So companies like Haldiram's, a couple of their franchises in Haldiram's have shifted to IML, 
but other brands are yet to do that. So the local, regional brands, who are on the edge, watching 
what's happening, they will slowly shift to IML containers for their sweet boxes and karas and 
all that snacks. So that is another big area. 
And coming to the restaurants, the move has started. Earlier, the restaurants, whenever you order 
some food, they'll give you in a plain and colourless container, put it in a bag and give it to you. 
But now, they want that container to carry their brand image, carry the address and phone 
numbers or Swiggy or whatever. So that the customer recall will be coming, and more and more 
awareness about the product will be there, and their brand will be spreading for a marginal extra 
cost. So that awareness is coming up in restaurant packs. We anticipate big growth in restaurant 
packs in the next coming quarters. 
Actually, even we started exporting a couple of brands to US -- chains of Indian restaurants in 
USA for restaurants, sweets and some even batters for idlis and dosas. So like that, there's a long 
way to go in the food products. We have a niche area. Including in the FMCG side, there are 
several products which can be converted from conventional packaging to IML containers. 
The process is going on, and we are keeping ourselves at the helm of the affairs. Actually, the 
digital printing machine we are getting in this end of February, beginning of March, is capable 
of giving very short runs without even a day of development time. There's no delay. If we 
received artwork today, we can start printing in few minutes. So that kind of a quick response 
printing technology we're adopting. In March this year, it will be starting production, and that 
will be taking us into markets faster. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Yankat Raman from Orient Securities  
Yankat Raman: 
I want to know what is our overall market share in Asian Paints in terms of packaging. How do 
you compare with your competitor, like Hitech Corporation? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
See, Hitech has plants all across wherever Asian Paints has plants, so they certainly have higher 
market share. And in fact, if you analyze their balance sheet, they being a listed company, you 
will notice in the Paints segment, they get almost 75% of their revenues from Asian Paints. As 
against kind of around 25%, 30% in our case. 
And coming to absolute numbers of Asian Paints, I guess Hitech should be having 30% to 40% 
-- 35% to 40% share of Asian Paints business. Mold-Tek may be having around 20%, because 
we don't have plants all across wherever they are. In Rohtak, we don't have a plant. In Chennai, 
we don't have a plant. But other locations, we have a plant wherever they are. And there, we are 
getting around 25 % to 30% of their business share in Paints. So on overall 6 plants, probably 
our percentage will work out around 20%, 22%. Balance, 40% is spread between 5 to 6 small 
and medium-sized unlisted companies. 
Yankat Raman: 
For Mysore and Vizag plants, what are the expansion plans that Asian, as you said, that we have 
an equal footing with Hitech, or we are still secondary partners? 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Lakshmana Rao: 
As far as Hitech is concerned, they've always been given a little better share because, I don't 
want to say that, but they are just kind of one of the companies promoted by one of the directors' 
family. And sometimes we equal Hitech, maybe you are correct, in Mysore, we are selling as 
much as Hitech does, but I don't have exact data. But in my general opinion, we come as the 
second in the supplier choice to Asian Paints. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Prashant Shah from Serum Institute of India. 
Prashant Shah: 
Sir, you've outlined the plans very nicely, and the prospects look very good for the company. I 
would just like to know what is the perspective of the competitive position that you see? What 
are the risk factors you see wherein our plans may not work out perfectly? That is my only 
question. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. You see, like some kind of disruption in the general trends of economy could definitely 
lead a drop in consumption of FMCG or Paint or Lubricants, their consumption can impact our 
growth plans. That is one. 
Second is the general projects being several. We are now -- earlier, we used to execute one or 
two projects every year. Like say, Sulthanpur was happening, then we initiated the leased 
premises at Kanpur, that was last year. But this year, we have five projects simultaneously 
coming up. That's a challenge we need to really handle, while taking care of the growth that is 
coming in the companies, all other areas of growth. We are facing in Food and FMCG, we are 
very favourably placed. Even in the Lubricants, we may expect a swing of demand due to IML 
and QR IML. 
In the Paint, it is mainly due to new entrants coming in and new opportunities, new plants that 
we are setting up. So next year, the challenge for the company could be executing these projects 
of Daman second unit, Panipat, Cheyyur and the Sandila. And probably the Sulthanpur pharma 
project successful completion by the end of Q1 or beginning of Q2 in this year. So there will be 
lot of pressure on the team to complete these 5 projects, or at least 4 of them in the next 12 to -- 
maximum 12 months. 12, 15 months, maybe, Cheyyur can -- give sometime till April next year. 
So in the next 12 to 15 months, we need to complete these projects and take care of the new 
products that we are introducing in pharma and make sure that pharma, we are there in correct 
location with proper facilities. Thankfully, we have got the team in place, and we could add 
correct hands in both pharma and even at -- even in our Food and FMCG. And those personnel 
are slowly getting in before the subject, and hopefully, they will stand by when the company 
requires their services. So that could be another challenge of activating these four to five projects 
in the next 12 to 15 months and bringing them into full-fledged production. 
So these are the two risk factors. I would -- not the risk factors, but two major factors that can 
influence our projections. But we have been looking at the trends in Food and FMCG, that is 
what gives us more confidence of growth in the next 2 to 3 years. But by the time we are ready 
with our -- all these plans by next year, these plants themselves can be real growth engines for 
us. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Prashant Shah: 
So just other point. Have you been able to do -- complete the pass-through of the RM increases 
for the last few quarters? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. We always have that same passing through mechanism with 90% of our clients. And other 
clients, we take our own favourable way. But with the 90% of the clients, it is either monthly or 
quarterly passing on both sides. Up or down the price, we pass it on. So that way, we absolutely 
have no problems. And in fact, we have now started asking for higher conversion cost because 
of increase in power and the labor costs that will happen periodically once in 2 years. So now, 
we are in the process of seeking higher price for our conversion to cover up and maintain our 
margins. 
Prashant Shah: 
Sir, would you be able to guide on what has been the raw material cost for us over the last 
quarter, and what are the trends going on? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Input captive raw material cost is around INR 105 -- INR 111. Yes. 
Prashant Shah: 
 
Sorry, can you please repeat that? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
INR 102 for this quarter. 
Prashant Shah: 
 
INR 102 for Q3? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
Q3. Yes. 
Prashant Shah: 
And what is the trend in this -- in the current quarter so far? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
It's just ramping up a little bit now, some INR 2, INR 3, it has gone up, I think. Prices are firming 
up, in December also they will keep firming up. And in January, again, another INR 1, INR 2 
rise is there. Not to the extent what it was last year. Last year, this time, it was in INR 120 level. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital Management. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
So I'm just trying to understand the overall volumes for the quarter, are they 7,525 tons or any 
other figure, and what is the growth? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
550 tons. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
 
7-5-5-0? And versus what is the base? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
You mean the previous Q3? It was 7,330 tons. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
So there has been a 3% volume growth and a 10% EBITDA decline, despite having better mix 
of Food and FMCG in the mix. And I'm just trying to understand this aspect a bit better, because 
your EBITDA per kg has only been coming down. I mean, Q1, Q2, Q3, are all lower than last 
year despite higher Food and FMCG. So what are we missing out on? 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Lakshmana Rao: 
So one reason, as I just explained in the previous question, the power and labor costs have gone 
up in the last 6 to 8 months in several locations at Andhra Pradesh, in Vizag, Mysore, Hyderabad 
and even Daman, the power costs have been increased some 6, 7 months ago, and we are 
negotiating with our clients to add it back in our conversion. So that is one reason. 
The second is, the several projects, what we started, we have started recruiting some of the 
manpower key people for pharma, key people for our plants that are coming up at Daman and 
other locations. So they will be -- they joined, some of them joined 6 months ago, some of them 
joined 3 months ago, some of them joined just in this month. So they will be effectively utilized 
only as we go forward in the next few months. Let's say, Sulthanpur plant will be operational in 
March, and other plants might go into production only by end of this year. So some of these 
overheads are also bearing a little bit of pressure on our margins for this current short term. 
But as we improve our sales and utilization of capacities, another factor which impacted us 
severely in this quarter, in particular, is the drop in our Khandala plant, which is Satara plant, 
due to Asian Paints going on for an expansion mode. And so there, the capacity utilization will 
fall into 60%. So that is another area which has dipped in the margins. They are going back into 
production with expanded capacity from March '23. So we'll be coming back to our 40-plus kind 
of margins very soon once these few things are corrected. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
But this one-off cost that you mentioned for new facilities, because your employee cost has been 
pretty flat for the last 5 quarters. So we are not seeing that in the employee cost in your other 
expense, so why are these costs still? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Then -- there is a sharp rise of more than 15% in the employee cost, and actually more than that, 
yes. It was INR 28 crores for the 9 months for the staff, is now INR 32.5 crores. And for the 
contract labour, it is INR 19.5 crores, has become INR 23.76 crores which is more than 20%. 
So mainly, there is an increase in the employment cost, employees' costs, in this current year 
due to the various staff and trainees have been taken and they have been under training and 
getting ready for the new plants. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
But sir, if you look at your revenue, I am excluding Asian Paints, and we're talking about your 
non-Asian Paints revenues for the last 5, 6 years, there's not been any material improvement 
there. I mean, you also share your maximum -- your top customer revenues. And if I subtract it 
from Paints segment revenues, that has not happened in the last 5, 6 years, despite the industry 
also having grown. So why has that been the case? 
Lakshmana Rao:  
No, I didn't understand your question. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Sir, If I look the last, let's say, 4 or 5 years, and you provided the breakdown of Paint revenues. 
And we also know how much Asian Paints contributes, because you have to disclose your top 
customer revenue, and you've done that. So when we subtract your Paint revenues, excluding 
Asian Paints, that is non-Asian Paints revenues, that hasn't materially grown in the last 4, 5 years. 
That is the revenue from all the other paint companies. And that is totally fine. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Lakshmana Rao: 
We are not really fighting to grab any market share from rest of the paint companies, because 
we are focusing more and more on Food and FMCG and more and more into pharma and high 
value-add products rather than Paint sales. 
The story is different Asian Paints or ABG because they look at quality, they look at high-speed 
filling machines, filling lines requiring high-quality paints. So their realizations and their way of 
volumes and business is much better than going back into other paint companies, which are more 
-- very, very price conscious. So we are not growing in that segment as much. We are not putting 
too much effort to grow that business. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And in your 20% guidance, the growth for next year, what is the Paint industry volume growth 
that you assume? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. Next year, we are hoping that the growth volume would be in the region of 15% to 18%, 
of which -- I'm hoping at least, say, 8% to 10% growth would come because there is a slack in 
this year, and that has to be covered up if the economy does well. 
And more than that, Asian Paints is expanding its capacity at Satara, which will be operative 
from March. And there we are jumping up by -- they are mentioning around 40% to 50% 
increase, so that should translate to a similar rise in Satara's output, which is currently pegged at 
60%. So it might go up to 80%, 90% capacity utilization if their plant's expansion completes in 
March. So that is one area why we are positive about Paint segment contribution. 
Though ABG is talking about starting their plants by December, January, even if there is a couple 
of months delay, I'm not counting that business to come in this financial year. So this will be 
purely on Asian Paints coming back and their projections for Mysore and Vizag, which are again, 
giving more than double-digit -- a healthy double digit. So that is why we are confident the Paint 
industry -- Paint growth for next financial year will be in the tune of at least 8% to 10%. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And lastly, what is the EBITDA per kg we should assume for next year as per your internal 
calculation? 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Next year, I think we'll be again back to INR 40, INR 42 bracket, which is -- this quarter got 
missed. But fourth quarter itself, we are hoping we'll be back to INR 40, INR 42 bracket, which 
will bring us overall year, which is now 9 months, INR 40.24. Probably will be in the region of 
INR 40, INR 41 bracket for the overall year. 
Next financial year, it should inch at least to INR 42, INR 43 because we have three major 
launches of new FMCG products, which got delayed actually. And now the trails have been 
completed, so I can hope they'll start in Feb, March. And even Iodex will start sometime in April, 
May, so that will also be with a better margins than our total average. So I'm guessing that next 
year, we can aim at between INR 42 to INR 43. 
And if Pharma comes in, which we hope the numbers will be only reasonable from '24 - '25, we 
-- once pharma comes in, probably we can aim at INR 44, INR 45 kind of EBITDA, in 24' - '25 
onwards. 

 
 
Mold-Tek Packaging Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Pulkit Singha: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. As we have no further questions, I would like 
to hand the floor back to the management for closing comments. 
Lakshmana Rao: 
Yes. Thank you very much to Emkay and -- for arranging this conference, and I also thank all 
the participants for their time and interest they have shown in our company operations. I wish 
you all a very happy evening, and good night. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Rao. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
