 
 
 
February 04, 2023 
 
Dear Sirs, 
  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of 
Investors’ Conference Call for Un-audited financial results for the quarter ended December 
31, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on Tuesday, January 31, 
2023. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/8q2consfileEarningsCallTranscript.pdf 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
 
 
 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA 
DEEPANJA
LI GULATI
Digitally signed by 
DEEPANJALI GULATI 
Date: 2023.02.04 
18:31:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
List of Management Attendees  
 
 
 
1. Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
3. Mr. Rajesh Kr Srivastava, CEO & Managing Director 
4. Mr. Prakash Chandra Bisht President & Chief Financial Officer 
5. Mr. Pavleen Singh Taneja, Director Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
 
1. Tarang Agrawal – Old Bridge Capital 
2. Nitesh Dhoot – Prabhudas Lilladher 
3. Rohan Gupta – Nuvama 
4. Siddharth Gadekar - Equirus Securities 
5. Dhruv Muchhal - HDFC Mutual Fund 
6. Rahul Veera – Abakkus 
7. Pranav Tendulkar - Rare Enterprises 
8. Harsh Shah - Dimensional Securities 
9. Romil Jain - Electrum PMS 
10. Sunil Kothari - Unique PMS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
Q3 and 9M FY’23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 31, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for the Third Quarter and 9 months ended December 31, 2022. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and anyone who wishes 
to ask a questions may enter ‘*’ and 1 on their touchtone phone, to remove yourself 
from the question queue you may enter ‘ *’ and 2. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Pavleen Singh Taneja, Director, Investor Relations, Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Tanvi. Good evening everyone. Thank you for being with us on our 
Quarter three and Nine Months of Financial Year 2023 earnings conference call of 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I would like to remind you that some of the statements made 
on the call today could be forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this 
regard has been included in the press release and Results Presentation that has been 
shared on our website. On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia – Chairman; 
Mr. Rajesh Srivastava – CEO and Managing Director, Mr. Prakash Chandra Bisht– 
CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited and Mr. Arvind Chokhany Group CFO, Jubilant Bhartia 
Group. I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. 
Shyam S Bhartia 
Thank you Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
Q3’FY23 earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia limited.  
We are pleased to announce stable performance during the quarter under review, 
amidst the continuing headwinds of higher energy costs and challenging global 
market situation. We are also glad to share that the Board has recommended interim 
dividend of 250% i.e.  Rs 2.50 per equity share of face value of Re 1 each for the 
FY’23. This shall result in cash outflow of Rs 39.8 Crore. 
We are pleased to inform that our Specialty Chemicals Business revenue grew by 
34% YoY and absolute EBIDTA grew 15% YoY driven by higher volumes and 
improved price realization. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
In Nutrition & Health Solution Business the demand of Niacinamide (Vitamin B3) 
continue to be subdued impacting our price realization, though we have improved our 
volumes sequentially. The flu situation in EU and US regions is still continuing, though 
the situation is improving in EU region.  The demand related challenges of Vitamin 
B3 are short-term and we continue to remain focused towards improving our presence 
in food and cosmetics segment. 
In Chemical Intermediates Business the revenue on YoY basis is impacted due to 
lower prices of feed stock (Acetic Acid), leading to lower sales prices of Acetic 
Anhydride and Ethyl Acetate. However, we continue to improve our volumes and 
market share of Acetic Anhydride globally.  
The company has firm plans to significantly reduce overall energy cost in phased 
manner through various initiatives by sourcing power from Grid and renewable 
sources, optimizing coal consumption through efficiency improvement in consumption 
as well as in generation. We continue to focus on our growth plans through new 
products and platforms and we are committed to deliver robust growth in the future.  
With this, I now handover to Rajesh to discuss about the business in detail, before 
that on behalf of the entire Team Jubilant, we wish all of you, a very joyful and 
prosperous New Year.. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. , At the outset let me 
welcome you all for joining us today for Q3 FY23 investor call of Jubilant Ingrevia Ltd. 
I sincerely hope that you and your loved ones are keeping very well. 
 
Let me now take you through the financial & operational performance of 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited for the third Quarter of this financial year. Revenue during 
the quarter was Rs 1,158 Crore. Overall Revenue de-grew by 10% YoY basis, mainly 
on account of lower sales performance by Nutrition & Health Solutions, driven by 
lower demand due to swine and bird flu in EU and US regions and Chemical 
Intermediates business riven by lower price of Acetic Acid leading to lower realization. 
EBITDA is at Rs. 158 Crore. Though Specialty Chemical EBITDA improved, However 
higher energy cost due to non-availability of contracted Coal, lower volumes offtake 
of Vitamin B3 has impacted EBIDTA adversely, while Specialty Chemical business 
volumes have grown significantly along with the improved pricing. 
As mentioned by Mr.Bhartia, to minimize the risk our energy cost increase due to 
increase in coal price in future, we have prepared detail plans to work towards various 
initiatives to source power from Grid (at Gajraula) and from Renewable sources at all 
our sites. We have also prepared detail plan and initiatives including digital 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
interventions to optimize coal consumption through efficiency improvement in 
consumption as well as in generation. These plans will start giving benefits in phased 
manner 
Now let me take you through the updates on all our three business segments.  
During the quarter revenue of Specialty Chemical Business was at Rs 468 Cr, 
witnessed a YoY growth of 34% and EBITDA was at Rs 87 Cr witnessing an absolute 
YoY growth of 15%.Speciality Chemical Segments, Absolute EBITDA increased by 
15% mainly due to higher volumes and better price realization. EBITDA Margins 
remained lower mainly due to higher cost of coal compared to same period previous 
year. Our Business team have been successful to pass on most of the raw material 
cost and also partially increased energy cost, although during the quarter we 
witnessed softening of imported coal prices 
Specialty Chemicals revenue grew mainly on the ground of higher volume across 
major product segments and improvement in price realization. We continue to 
observe positive traction of demand for our other Specialty chemicals from both 
domestic as well as international customers. We continue to witness higher demand 
of our Pyridine and it’s derivatives from Chinese customers as well. 
Our CDMO Pipeline is healthy and progressing positively. Our new GMP and non-
GMP facilities project are slightly delayed by couple of months and are expected to 
be commissioned in next two months’ time frame. 
Nutritional Business revenue was at Rs 132 Crore which witnessed de-growth by 
39%, on account of continued lower demand scenario owing to excess inventory 
across the value chain , primarily led by continuation of Avian and Swine Flu in Europe 
and US markets. , Demand continued to remain impacted also due to geo-political 
situation in Europe and severe covid restrictions in China. 
EBITDA and EBIDTA margin was significantly lower mainly on account of lower sales 
volumes and price realization of Niacinamide. We continue to increase our presence 
of Niacinamide (Vitamin B3) in Food and Cosmetics end-use segment. 
Our Domestic business of Choline Chloride (Vitamin B4) as well as it’s Specialty 
premixes have grown in volume and value both on YoY as well as QoQ basis. We 
have also seen positive traction of demand from South East Asia for our Choline 
Chloride (Vitamin B4) and it’s Specialty premixes.. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
We believe these challenges to be short term and remain positive on the prospects 
of Niacinamide (Vitamin B3) business in the medium & long term, and we aspire to 
retain our leadership position in global market 
Revenue from Chemical Intermediates Segment was at Rs 559 Crore, down by 23% 
on YoY basis, mainly driven by lower price of feed stock (ie Acetic Acid) leading to 
lower realization of finished products i.e. Acetic Anhydride & Ethyl Acetate 
EBITDA in Chemical Intermediate segments stood at Rs 71 Crore, due to 
normalization of domestic market condition in Q3 FY’23 vs same quarter Last Year 
We continue to grow our volumes to increase our market share and maintain 
leadership in domestic market as well as in international market, mainly in Europe 
and South East Asia. Global demand of Acetic Anhydride continues to grow in several 
use segments and there is no new capacity coming up globally, while we continue to 
leverage our capacity from existing as well newly built plant. 
Further, our upcoming Acetic Anhydride plant at Bharuch is nearing completion and 
is expected to be ready during Q4’FY23. For Ethyl Acetate we remained focused 
towards our key strategic customers. 
Our Specialty Chemicals segment would continue to grow. Overall our FY’23, full year 
performance expected to remain in line with our last three quarters. 
We are fully committed towards our growth aspirations and we are excited to realise 
the emerging opportunities through our ongoing Growth Capex plan, which we have 
now improved from earlier Rs 2,050 to now Rs 2,275 Crore during FY’22 to FY’25 
Period. 
We continue our efforts towards improving our revenue mix of Specialty and Nutrition 
segments to 65% by FY’27 from 44% in FY’22 and we believe this to be a key driver 
for overall EBIDTA and Margin improvements. 
With this, now I hand over to Prakash to discuss the financials. 
Prakash Bisht: 
Thank you, Rajesh. A very good evening to everyone and thank you for joining us on 
Q3 FY '23 Earning Conference Call. I would now highlight the Company’s financial 
performance during the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2022. 
Revenue from Operations during the Q3’FY23 was at Rs 1,158 Crore as compared 
with Rs 1,286 Crore in Q3 last year, witnessing a de-growth of 10% on YoY basis. 
Similarly, Revenue from Operations during the 9M’FY23 was at Rs 3,628 Crore as 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
compared with Rs 3,654 Crore during the same period last year, witnessing a 
marginal  de-growth of 1% on YoY basis.  
The EBITDA during the quarter was Rs 158 Crore as compared with Rs 222 Crore in 
Q3’FY22, witnessing a decline of 29% on YoY basis, the margins stood at 13.7% in 
Q3’FY23 as against 17.3% in Q3’FY22. Though Specialty Chemical EBDITA 
improved, the overall impact is mainly due to significantly lower profitability in Nutrition 
business and non-availability of contracted coal leading to higher energy cost.  
Similarly, EBITDA for the 9M’FY23 was at Rs. 469 Crore as compared with Rs 712 
Crore during 9M’FY22, margins were at 12.9% during the 9M’FY23 as compared with 
19.5% for the same period last year. The EBITDA is impacted due to lower volumes 
offtake of Vitamin B3, Chemical Intermediate segments EBITDA normalization, and 
higher input costs impact in Speciality chemical business due to non-availability of 
contracted coal. 
Depreciation & Amortization expense during the quarter was at Rs 30 Crore. Finance 
cost during the quarter was Rs 6.7 Crore versus Rs 4.9 Crore in Q3’FY22, interest 
cost was higher mainly on account of increase in the interest rates and higher 
utilization of working capital facilities. Net debt was at Rs 352 Crore at the end of 
Q3’FY23 and blended interest rate as on 31st December, 2022 was 7.03%.  
The tax expense for Q3’FY23 were at 30 Crore. Tax expense for the quarter is lower 
on account of certain onetime true ups. The company remains under the old tax 
regime during FY 23 and the ETR is expected to remain around of 31% for full year. 
PAT during the quarter was at Rs 92 Crore, as against Rs 129 Crore PAT in Q3’FY22, 
witnessing a decline of 29% on YoY basis due to lower EBIDTA. Similarly, PAT for 
the 9M‘FY23 was Rs 256 Crore, as against Rs 408 Crore PAT in 9M’FY22. 
 
Net Debt to EBITDA ratio was at 0.57 times, on the basis of trailing Twelve Month 
EBITDA. The Net Working Capital %age” & “Number of Days of working capital” for 
Q3’FY23 on the basis of Trailing Twelve Month’s Turnover were at 19.4 % & 71 Days 
respectively.  
 
Increase in Net Working Capital is driven by strategic decision of inventory building 
of certain products and temporary lower creditors due to procurement of Domestic 
Ethanol. 
 
The capital expenditure during the quarter was around. Rs 148 Cr  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks. We will now be happy to 
address any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Three questions from me. One, if you could give us the volume growth across each 
of your segments for this quarter. Second, in the press release, I noticed that there's 
a comment around Specialty Chemicals' garnering a lot of traction in the 
agrochemicals segment. So if you could give us some sense on what proportion of 
Specialty Chemicals business was from agro customers for 9-month FY '23, and what 
was this number for 9-month FY '22. And the last question is on power and fuel. You 
alluded to cost softening, so how should we look at it going forward for Q4 and 
probably subsequently from Q1 next year onwards? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So Tarang, on your first question of volume growth, as you can see that the volume 
growth has come clearly from Specialty Chemicals business and in Nutrition and 
Health Solutions business, we have informed that there is a degrowth in volume both 
year-on-year as well as quarter-on-quarter. In Chemical Intermediates, the volume 
degrowth overall basis, but on acetic anhydride, we have grown in volume. Other than 
the Nutrition & Health Solutions business, the volume consistently is growing in 
Specialty Chemicals as well as acetic anhydride  since Nutrition and Health Solutions 
business, niacinamide situation has not improved, we are not in a position to grow 
volume.  
On agrochemical business is close to 40% of our Specialty Chemicals business. This 
is almost same in quarter-on-quarter as well as year-on-year basis. On power and 
fuel, regarding this Q2, we have seen little bit softening of coal prices of import and 
there is a slight benefit. But in Q4, we are expecting a little more benefit because of 
two reasons. One is, the coal prices are also coming down in import, as well as we 
have now got some clearance of our contracted coal with road transportation. So 
there will be some benefit of cost of FSA.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Sir, just one question for volume growth. I was actually looking at numbers, 
specifically for each of the segments. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, I explained to you that in Specialty Chemicals, we have grown both quarter-on-
quarter as well as year-on-year in volume. In Nutrition and Health Solutions, we have 
not grown, particularly on niacinamide, though we have grown in vitamin B4 choline 
chloride. On acetic anhydride, we have grown in volume both quarter-on-quarter as 
well as year-on-year. But ethyl acetate is not a focus product. We sell only when we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
get sufficient margin, and that's where you see the reduction in volume. We have not 
sold much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So my first question is on the Specialty Chemicals. There is a sequential revenue 
decline in Q3. what is that on account of? Is there a sequential volume decline or a 
price decline? What exactly it is? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
The revenue decline on sequential basis is purely on product mix. We have almost 
60 to 70 products in our Specialty Chemicals segment, in some quarter, a product 
mix, gives you little bit of lower revenue, but that doesn't mean that volume has not 
grown. So as I said, volume has grown. But there is a product mix change, which 
changes the price realization, but does not changes the EBITDA and volume. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
On the domestic sales for Specialty Chemicals, that has declined from INR 197 crores 
to around INR 164 crores. are we facing any pressure in the domestic market? What 
would be the status of our Diketene derivatives plant there? What will be the utilization 
currently? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. So you are very right. In current situation, we are facing a very low demand in 
Diketene derivative, now, we can see a positive traction happening in Diketene 
derivative this quarter. Last quarter, we have seen Diketene demand being lower, but 
that's an opportunity for us to grow our revenue in domestic market through Diketene, 
which we can see in this as well as with other products. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And sir, on the EBITDA. if you see there is a sequential increase in the Specialty 
Chemicals EBITDA and the margins have come up to 18.6%, and this is despite the 
coal availability not easing. How did we manage to increase the margins in the 
Specialty Chemicals segment, can you give some color? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. the increase in EBITDA has come from volume. Secondly, we also mentioned 
in the last call that though we are not in a position to do anything on coal cost, but we 
are definitely working with customer to pass on the cost to our customers. And 
somewhat, we are successful to partially pass on that cost increase, and therefore, 
the EBITDA margin improving. Going forward, both, we will see the softening of coal 
prices as well as the realization, which we have now taken the price increase on which 
customer will give us better result in future. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. Sir, just one clarification. So if I remember in our previous discussion, imported 
coal price movements are generally a pass-through, it is the difference between the 
FSA coal price and the imported coal price, which is in a way a benefit for us. And if 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
the FSAs availability is not easing, so does it really have any benefit for us? I mean, 
the imported coal prices going down? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. as we have been saying that our contracted coal issue is only at our one site, 
which is Gajraula, and all other sites are based on imported coal. Now in Gajraula 
also, we partially have imported coal. So the impact in the Gajraula products is there. 
But I also mentioned that we are in a position to partially pass on the cost increase, 
even in Gajraula for our contracted coal. And therefore, you see the EBITDA 
improvements in Specialty Chemicals. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure, Sir, next is on the energy efficiency projects that you have highlighted in the 
presentation and the debottlenecking projects. What kind of margin benefit that we 
can expect from this? What will be the quantum of investments going into these 
energy efficiency projects? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So honestly speaking, there is not large investment in these projects. These are 
mostly business excellence projects. These projects are actually in the four segments. 
One, wherever our cost of generation of power today is higher with our own 
generation versus grid like in Gajraula, we are opening up to the grid, which will give 
us savings. Number two, we are going to improve efficiency of operation through the 
digital intervention. So we are taking a very major program of digitalization in all our 
energy production that will give us the benefit. 
And third, we are also working on how to minimize the consumption side in the 
product. So combining all these excellent initiatives we are gradually, phase wise, 
going to get benefit of these programs, apart from going green in solar, which is the 
fourth initiative, which we are talking about in energy savings. These four initiatives in 
business we have planned which is going to be in phased manner. Some of the 
initiatives will start giving results in couple of quarters and some initiatives might take 
longer time because we need to make investments and take the benefits later. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. But I mean, can this be quantified in terms of like 100 to 200 basis points of 
margin improvement in the Chemicals business or maybe, if you can just highlight 
that? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. Once the entire program is implemented, then this is going to be a significant 
benefit. Unfortunately, I am not in a position to give any number because we are still 
working with our partners to put down these numbers on a hard basis. Maybe after 
couple of quarters, I will be in a position to give some indication of numbers. But I can 
assure you this is going to be a significant improvement in our overall profitability if 
we are in a position to implement all these initiatives. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Right -- sorry if I'm repeating. But I mean on the FSA, we had earlier expected that 
from January onwards, the availability will ease, but it doesn't seem that much of 
benefit has started coming in. What is our view there? Do we see this in a quarter's 
time or what exactly are you envisaging over there? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So based on our discussion with various agencies, we don't see this FSA to be 100% 
clear in next couple of quarters. But having said, I am pleased to inform you that from 
Q4, we are now allowed to take contractual coal at the contractual price from road 
transportation. We are going to get benefit in our cost but not 100% benefit. This 
quarter onwards, you will see the benefit in our cost, in our coal in Gajraula. 
But as per our information from various sources, we don't see the full FSA benefit 
coming to us neither in this quarter nor in next quarter unless there is a very huge 
production of coal and availability. Actually, the major issue is happening, in 
availability of rail transportation. Government is also working very aggressively to 
make the rail available for the industry. If they are successful to do it in next 2 to 3 
months, probably we'll get the benefit. But at least I don't see in next 3 to 4 months. I 
think major relief has happened because we have got this clearance to get our 
contractual coal with road transport. So that's the benefit we will start getting from this 
quarter onwards. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. So in that case, would it be fair to assume 18.5%, 19% kind of sustainable 
margins for Specialty Chemicals? Would that be a fair understanding, till the time the 
energy efficiency projects don't come up fully, so would that be a fair understanding? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Nitesh, this is the discussion we had also 3 months before, you see margins are 
improving. The reason is we are not stopping our realization, we are trying to recover 
the cost increase from our customer, from the products we can recover ourselves. I 
don't make any commitment on the margins that it will not improve because it will all 
depend that if we can realize better pricing in our product, we can meet all the volumes 
projections, probably we should be improving.  
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Nitesh Dhoot, If you have any follow-up questions, we 
request to please come back in the queue. Next question is from the line of Rohan 
Gupta from Nuvama. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, first question is on your Nutrition & Health Solutions business. So we understand 
that there is a high inventory scenario, but I think that the impact on revenue is slightly 
less than what impact we have seen on the profitability or segment EBIT, which has 
come down to drastically to INR 5 crores, while Nutrition & Health Solutions have 
seen some revenue improvement on Q-on-Q basis. So is there any inventory losses 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
we have booked? Or it's a just a cleaning up the inventory at a lower prices which is 
impacting the profitability or the overall realization itself has come down? So what is 
the reason for such a sharp fall on EBITDA or EBIT on the Nutrition & Health 
Solutions? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Last quarter, when we started, the pricing was not as bad as what we saw at the end 
of the last quarter. So therefore, the margins of last quarter are better. Having said 
your observation on revenue increase is correct. So this quarter, we have sold a little 
higher volume of Niacinamide. The reason that we are getting our customers' 
requirement, wherever we are selling on a positive contribution, we want to take the 
orders. And some improvements in volume in this quarter has happened. In Q4, we 
still estimate that our situation of volumes would be better as well as in this quarter, 
we are estimating price should also improve because last quarter, there were multiple 
problems. #1, the swine flu and avian flu in US and Europe. The lesser impact was 
also from China consumption was much lower because China had big restrictions 
because of COVID. The China is getting opened up last month and the China demand 
is improving and which is actually making the whole nutraceutical segment a little bit 
positive, even though the flu situation has not improved. It was lower in Q3, but we 
see Q4 becoming little better than Q2, that's what we estimate. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So sir, unlike Specialty Chemicals, are there any cost increase we are trying to pass 
it on? Nutrition & Health Solutions business is seeing a steadier margin pressure and 
the prices are still significantly lower than what it used to be. Just wanted to 
understand that how Nutrition & Health Solutions business pricing works with the end 
customer? And how you decide on the margin strength, it is just completely driven by 
the demand supply scenario? Or you see there is some cost-plus element there? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So Rohan, good question. So our Nutrition and Health Solutions segment, we have 
70% of our revenue of Nutrition and Health Solutions segment coming from animal 
feed industry, and 30% comes from Food and Cosmetics and others. 70% animal 
feed is impacting our volume and revenue because of demand.  
It is demand and supply situation. But our efforts for future is to reduce this 
dependency on animal feed of Nutrition and Health Solutions business to more Food 
and Cosmetics, so that we can balance out, This kind of impact does not come in 
revenue and profitability. Currently, it's demand and supply situation, which impacts 
our volume as well as profitability. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt, sir. Maybe if I could request you to please come back in the 
queue. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus 
Securities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So just wanted some color in terms of we had announced a long-term contract for 
CDMO of INR 270 crores over 3 years. What is the status of that project? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
We are servicing that contract. The volumes of that contract will start increasing from 
this quarter end onwards. And the new capacity of GMP which we are building up, for 
that contract. And in fact, the overall CDMO traction, is not only with that contract also 
with other products as well, and are showing a positive result. We are expected to 
see a better performance of our GMP facility which we are building up, will be ready 
in the next couple of months' time. So that is on track, and we are servicing it on time. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So basically, FY '24, we can see the entire INR 90 crores coming in from that project? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So you are saying that FY '23 annual revenue, yes, it should come full, because that's 
the capacity we are building up, correct. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, and secondly, now in terms of Diketene, what kind of capacity 
utilization can we expect in FY '24 and FY'25? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
For FY '24, with our current estimates, we are planning to utilize to 70% to 75% of 
capacity. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And the non-GMP plants also will be at similar levels in FY '24, they will take time to 
ramp up? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. As of now, it looks like that. But never know, if demand improves, we can even 
utilize better. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, the last question, in the Nutrition and Health Solutions segment, have we changed 
any capex because we are looking at some cosmetic-grade vitamin B3 as well, which 
was not there before. Is this something new that we have announced? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, very right. And that's what I mentioned to Rohan also that in Nutrition and Health 
Solutions segment, our endeavor is to improve our presence in non-animal feed 
segment more. And therefore, we are bringing up more capacity of cosmetic grades. 
In my last 3 quarter statements, I have been saying that our focus on food and 
cosmetic is increasing, and we are getting a very positive traction. Our demand 
situation of cosmetics and food has improved, and we are adding capacity there. So 
that we will actually make announcement very soon about the new capacity 
investment. 
Above that, we also have plans on vitamin B4, which we currently have in animal feed 
segment. We are also going to have vitamin B4 for Food segment. Once we are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
ready, we will have a shift in our 70:30 ratio to close to 50:50 ratio of animal feed and 
food and cosmetic segment. So you are very right. You have correctly assessed it. 
We have additionally made the investment plan for the nutraceutical segment 
because that is going to give us much more sustainability and resilience to our 
profitability and revenue going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, the question probably is a bit repetition of the earlier question. If you can probably 
share the volume numbers for the Specialty Chemicals segment for this quarter and 
the 9 months. The reason I'm asking is also because for the 9 months, it seems you 
have grown about 40% - 50%. And I'm just trying to understand, does this largely 
volume-driven, does this pose any limitation in terms of the base business growth for 
the forthcoming years? Because I'm just trying to understand, are we probably filled 
up for the producing capacity that we have with this kind of volume growth? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, your assessment is correct. It is the overall Specialty Chemicals, including the 
pyridine volume. There is a increased volume of pyridine, and pyridine derivatives 
and therefore, you see the significant improvement in volumes of Specialty 
Chemicals. Now on your point whether it will have an impact going forward, we don't 
see that because the overall volume scenario of pyridine and pyridine derivative is 
still, it stands strong. We have a huge capacity upgrading in plant, as we already 
stated earlier, and we are still utilizing about 70% - 75%, not more. We still have 
capacity. if the demand comes, we will be in a position to take it up more. 
Prakash Bisht: 
So just to add on to what Rajesh sir is saying, in the capex plan also, you would see 
that one debottlenecking for pyridine,that will also add to the capacity. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. I was coming to that. Great, sir. So at current after the 9 months volume growth, 
which I believe could be probably 20% the pyridine capacity will be 70%, 75% utilized? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, correct. And remember, this overall volume growth is from existing products as 
well as from new products. So we announced capex, which you see in our 
presentation, we have continuously debottlenecking capex and capital investment 
which happens regularly, which normally we don't announce. Because we keep doing 
it based on the customer demand of our existing products. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sure, sir two quick questions, as your two cGMP plants, one cGMP, non-cGMP both 
are coming in the next quarter. So wanted to get some better understanding in terms 
of the visibility of ramp-up. Probably one often sees in the industry that they have 
contracts in hand based on which the ramp-up visibility is there. So just wanted to get 
your sense also in terms of the visibility for the ramp-up of these capacities. I mean 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
do you have contracts? Or are these established products? are the products already 
developed so that you only have to market it once the capacities are ready? Just 
trying to understand to get a better visibility on the ramp-up sir? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
I've already stated in the last question that the cGMP plant, which we are building up 
is based on our new demand and new orders, which we have already got it. There 
was actually additional traction and therefore, we took little bit more expansion of the 
existing facility. There is a delay of about 1 or 2 months. Hence, the utilization of 
cGMP plant is going to be in a very good situation, as we stated earlier. The first year, 
will see a utilization of more than 70% of cGMP plant. And the same is true for non 
cGMP plant because cGMP is utilized for the more value-added products and non-
cGMP is utilized for the early derivatives and intermediates. 
Both plants are going to be utilized as per plan. We have a strong order situation. As 
soon as the plant will come next year, we will have a good traction of utilization close 
to 70% to 75%. In next 2 to 3 years we will reach close to 85% - 90%. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. If I could request you to please come back in the queue. 
We'll move to the next question from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus Asset 
Managers. 
Rahul Veera 
Sir, a very interesting comment that you've given in the presentation that FY '23 year 
will largely be similar to the past 3 quarters. Sir, given the improvement in coal costs 
plus the ramp-up in the CDMO, I mean, shouldn't there be a very sharp improvement 
sequentially? I understand you have mentioned that it's going to be very marginal in 
terms of coal cost improvement, but I still believe there could be a much better 
opportunity, right? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
As I said, in coal cost, it is a marginal improvement. Also, I stated that nutraceutical 
business, we don't see much improvement. In Specialty Chemicals there is 
improvement. So when I say it will be in line with last 3 quarters, I don't know what 
you understand, but I'm not saying that we'll be significantly higher or better than what 
we have been doing in last few quarters. 
Rahul Veera 
Okay, Fair point. And sir, the incremental capex that we have given from INR 2,000 
crores to INR 2,275 crores now in the presentation, this is largely going towards the 
debottlenecking only? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. it's about three things. One is debottlenecking, secondly that we are adding a new 
capital plan for nutraceutical vitamin B4 for food business, about INR 100 crores 
increase in nutraceutical segment and debottlenecking. Third, we are also having the 
R&D expansion because of our good CDMO traction. So we are having some R&D 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
investment plan, which we have highlighted in increased investment plan. Of course, 
debottlenecking is part of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare Enterprises. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask two questions. About Diketene plant, have we started 
commercial sales? And has the production quality been accepted by general market? 
And if it is, then what is the 100% utilization revenue potential for this plant at current 
price? Also second question is that, if the rake availability improves and government, 
allows railway rakes, then how much of the saving could be done in the energy costs? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So three questions. I think number one question was on your nutraceutical, I believe. 
Can you just repeat your first question? 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Sir, the first question is the quality of Diketene, then capacity utilization and quality of 
Diketene. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
We have told you that we have already started selling the Diketene. But unfortunately, 
because of the lower demand, we were not in a position to utilize the plant. But now 
we see the demand is improving, and therefore, we are very confident that next year, 
we should be in a position to utilize, about 75% to 80% or 70% to 75% of the capacity. 
Now second question on your FSA coal. Now if after the road transportation, which 
we have just got cleared, if we convert that to total FSA coal on a quarter basis, I think 
we should be in a position to add about about INR 15 crores to INR 20 crores of 
EBITDA further, if that happens. 
Prakash Bisht: 
That's right. 
Pranav Tendulkar  
Right. So in current Diketene plant, revenue potential is how much? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So we have a capacity of 8,000 tons. It's difficult to give a price commitment. There 
are three products, and each of these products are ranging from a price of INR 150 
to INR 200 or sometimes it is more. Based on that 8,000 tons capacity, you can 
calculate the revenue. But it also depends that which product maximize your revenue 
and profitability. 
Pranav Tendulkar  
Right. So $100, $150 per ton? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, this is INR. We had been saying, that the Phase 2 of Diketene is much awaited 
because this capacity of ours is not for 100% sales, this is for our forward integration 
of building blocks. We have built up to make value-added products, which I have been 
talking all the time. Phase 2 investments will come very soon. The realization from 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
the existing capacity as well as new capacity is going to be higher, and that's our 
endeavor not to sell this 8,000 tons only as a commodity or bulk volume. This is 
beginning to launch as a building block and then add the value-added product which 
we will bring up very soon, in the Phase 2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Harsh Shah: 
Just revisiting your capex guidance, the first time when we had announced the capex 
in FY '22, the business outlook looked quite stable, we used to make 16% to 18% 
kind of margins, even better. But now today, where we stand, with the Europe slowing 
down, the prices of many of our commodities have eroded quite a bit and demand is 
sort of struggling, so how confident are you about the expectations with the revenue 
guidance that you had given for FY'27, that it will come through, because the business 
dynamics have changed quite a bit over the last 1.5 years? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So from where we are seeing, I'm sure you're also seeing the same angle, what we 
have said for FY'27 is still standing true, and all the investments which we have 
planned has no change. What is changing is mostly short term, which we have been 
talking. Number one, Nutrition and Health Solutions business of vitamin B3 is not long 
term. This is the first time in last 2 decades, I know this business, this kind of flu has 
never extended to 2 or 3 quarters. But nevertheless, it is not going to long last. This 
is one. 
Secondly, this energy cost. we are taking lot of initiative apart from getting the 
government coal contract. I don't see this is longer term. This is going to be sort terms. 
We will be behind it. Beyond this, I don't see anything which is currently in problem, 
except for the global situation of demand.  
Now the global situation of demand, as we all know, India as far as chemicals is 
concerned, is definitely on a very high demand. So even though the global recession 
will happen, Indian companies in chemicals will keep doing good because there is a 
huge shift which is happening of demand from China to India. We have still not served 
the entire volume of China. We are still in single digits of percentage which we can 
take from China. We have a huge opportunity. So I don't see the future as dim as you 
are trying to explain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Romil Jain from Electrum PMS. 
Romil Jain: 
I just want to understand a little bit on fluorination. So I think we are doing some capex 
on that. So can we know where we are standing right now in terms of our capabilities 
and whether the capex has started. When do we expect to commission, maybe some 
details on that? And second question is on the Life Sciences Chemicals. Are we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
seeing some rebound in prices and maybe Q3 was more of a bottom kind of a quarter 
there?  
Rajesh Srivastava: 
On fluorination, as you can see in our presentation, we have still not committed the 
capex. The products which we talked about is still under development and scale-up. 
We hope that next year, will be bringing up that capex. And that time, I will announce 
to you. On your question on Chemical Intermediates, as I stated, acetic anhydride, 
our volumes are growing. The reason for growth is that overall demand is increasing, 
but there is no additional capacity, which are being available globally. 
And in Europe, our competitors are not in a position to produce in full volume because 
cost has gone up. So I see continued positive traction of acetic anhydride demand. 
And as you know, we are having the new plant coming up, next quarter, we are very 
positive about utilization of that plant also in future because of these reasons. 
Romil Jain: 
Okay. Sir, just one question on food-grade acetic acid. So I think that was the plant 
that we had started. I'd like to know what the utilization is? If you can just point out 
what kind of revenue are we generating and what broad margins? Do we expect more 
capacity expansion there, because I think that was a very positive development that 
was there? So any insights on that? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
On food-grade acetic acid, we are under the regulatory approval process. We are 
going to start the commercial supplies from end of this quarter, and we see a good 
traction of demand from our international customers. So actually, the realization of 
revenue of food-grade acetic acid, we will see in next financial year because of 
several regulatory approval process, as well as the FSSAI approval, etcetera, it took 
about 5 to 6 months' time. We are going to in next 1 or 2 months. Next financial year, 
you will see the revenue realization of food-grade acetic acid. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, because of this road transportation we've chosen for this transporting coal, will it 
save INR 15 crores, INR 20 crores per quarter? Will it be effective from current quarter 
or next quarter? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. I think you noted wrongly that from the road, if you get 100% rail transportation, 
we will have additional benefit of INR 15 crores from the earlier quarter, now when 
we got road transportation, there is a benefit of about INR 10 crores to INR 12 crores, 
which we should accrue. 
Sunil Kothari: 
That is per quarter, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Per quarter, you're right 
Sunil Kothari: 
Okay. Sir, and second question is, we said that we got little bit ease off in coal prices 
in current quarter, if you take a percentage of the revenue that has gone up from 14% 
to 15% the cost, power and fuel costs. Why it has happened, if you can a little bit 
explain? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, because softening is happening only end of the last quarter. What you will see is 
this quarter impact, not in Q3. Q3 from beginning, it has been very high. It has just 
happened in the month of January, let's say, end of December when the softening of 
prices have happened. So you have not seen the impact of that in the last quarter. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Okay. So both the benefit of road transportation and softening of price, both can 
materialize in the current quarter and onwards? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
But remember that any reduction in coal price imported, customers are also smart, 
they will ask for a pass on. As we take increase in pass on, they will also ask reduction 
in pass-on. So please don't just calculate in mathematics and highlight out. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, our other expense on top line of same INR 3,600 crores approximate for 9 months, 
has gone up from INR 336 crores to INR 432 crores, almost INR 100 crores, almost 
30%, 35% increase. What is the reason for this, other expenses, I'm talking about? 
Prakash Bisht: 
So Sunil ji, so if you take on the quarters, other expenses... 
Sunil Kothari: 
No, sir, I want to understand for 9 months. Because quarterly, I understand there is 
some specific reason. But if you take 9 months, it is INR 336 crores, from INR 336 
crores it has moved INR 432 crores. 
Prakash Bisht: 
For 9 months, Sunil ji, primarily the reason for increase in other expenses is, a, the 
freight and forwarding cost has increased; and then it's partially also due to the 
processing charges and the warehousing charges and repair and maintenance. So 
these are the 4-5 reasons on account of which the overall other expenses has 
increased. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Yes. But it is, sub-segments from the same revenue, we have spent INR 100 crores 
more. That is why I'm just trying to understand. This is we are getting control on any 
cost or it is going out of control? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, don't worry about control of cost, Let me explain you, last year 9 months, all other 
costs were based on the volumes which we have sold. The transportation costs, travel 
costs, repair and maintenance costs, everything is going up because our capacity 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
utilization is going up, our new plants are coming up. So all that is going to increase 
our expenses. But at the same time, you are very right, we are in full control and we 
have plans to improve efficiencies all over, and this is a continuous exercise. So there 
are some costs, which this year has gone up like travel etcetera, which is usual 
because we are back to our normal situation of FY '22. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir, my last question is... 
Prakash Bisht: 
Sunil, just to give you a perspective, because I think you are seeing the revenue 
number as the same. But our volumes have increased, it is just that prices of Chemical 
Intermediates segment has come down, that is why you see the revenue at the same 
level. So volume of business has already increased. So the expenses are in relation 
to the volume of business. So perhaps you are just seeing the same level of revenue, 
hopefully, you're feeling the expenses are... 
Sunil Kothari: 
You're absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. My request will be, so many people were 
asking about the volume growth. I think on a 64-page PowerPoint presentation, what 
is the volume growth quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year. I think I'm observing that 
people are asking about volume growth and we are not able to provide those exact 
precise numbers. I request, please make it a practice that we should announce or we 
should announce that we are not going to talk anything about volume. So please 
follow one practice that is my request. 
And sir, my last question to Rajesh ji, sir, basically what we're talking about is we'll be 
improving our Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition and Health Solutions business to 
65% over the next 3, 4 years, and that will give us far better margin and very 
respectable ROE and ROCE. But looking at this Nutrition and Health Solutions 
segment situation currently, and I understand this is the first time in this two decade, 
so are you, comfortable and confident about whatever your thought process and your 
observation or your strategy to achieve some respectable margin over the next 2, 3 
years? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So you're asking about revenue or you're asking about margin? 
Sunil Kothari: 
No, sir, margin. Because we are saying that Nutrition and Health Solutions business 
and Specialty Chemicals will become a major part of our revenue, and that's why we'll 
be having a very respectable margin. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
What I can only tell you, of course, it's very difficult to see the future, but it is very easy 
to make a strategy for future. So what we have done, we have made a very strong 
strategy. And I'm very confident that all the strategy we have prepared, we are going 
on track. Having said so, need to realize that there are certain situations which are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
beyond our control like today, we have. Now you may ask that, last year you said this, 
but you did not see this. The question is, this can happen either side. 
So if FY '23 was fantastic year, nobody asked questions. But FY '23 is a tough year, 
so obviously you have right to ask questions. If this kind of situation happens, it's 
beyond control. But having said so, what we can do best is, we are trying. If you see 
our intent, our energy cost is going up, we have a huge plan to bring down overall 
energy cost. That should give us resilience of any such trouble which we can face in 
future. So we are continuously changing our strategy to see whatever we are getting 
short-term impact whether that can be minimized and that's what our intent is. That's 
what anybody can do the best. 
So having said so, I'm very confident that the strategy we have a place should realize 
the way we are looking at it. And I want to answer that on volume. I think you must 
appreciate the kind of declaration we give as a Jubilant Ingrevia is much more than 
anyone else. What we definitely not want to give, you must appreciate Jubilant 
Ingrevia, which is your company, we have leadership position in many products. And 
if we start giving volumes number of our product wise, you must appreciate globally, 
we are faced with many competitors. I hope you will appreciate, we will not have to 
land up in a situation, so please, please respect our declaration. 
And on a different side, if we discuss, I can even talk to you what kind of volume 
growth we are talking. But on a call like this, if you ask me to give you volume growth 
product-wise, I think it is too much to ask. You must appreciate the kind of 
presentation details we had given, you saw all the other companies, whether you get 
this kind of detail. So please appreciate that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Prakash Bisht for closing comments. 
Prakash Bisht: 
We thank you all for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to answer 
your queries. For further clarification, we would request you contact our Investor 
Relations team. Thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
We also wish everyone a very happy and prosperous new year. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Thank you, everyone. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
Note: There could be unpublished price sensitive information that would have been shared 
/discussed during the call and we have shared Audio Transcript to the Stock Exchanges on 
January 31, 2023 for information of public at large. 
