Zensar Technologies Limited, Zensar Knowledge 
Park, Plot No. 4, MIDC Kharadi, Off Nagar Road, 
Pune 411014 
www.zensar.com 
investor@zensar.com 
CIN: L72200PN1963PLC012621 
+(20) 6607 4000, 2700 4000 
+(20) 6605 7888 
May 17, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department, 
1st Floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Fax: (022) 2272 2039/2272 3121 
Scrip ID: ZENSARTECH 
Scrip Code: 504067 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 3rd floor, 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),    
Mumbai 400 051 
Fax: (022) 26598237/26598238 
Symbol: ZENSARTECH 
Series: EQ 
Subject: Q4 FY23 Results Earnings Call - Transcript 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation to our letter(s) dated May 2, 2023 and May 12, 2023, please note that the transcript 
of the earnings call held on May 12, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. hrs (IST) for Financial Results of the Company, 
for the quarter and year ended on March 31, 2023, has been made available on the website of the 
Company at https://www.zensar.com/about/investors/investors-relation#Investor-Corner 
This is for your information and dissemination purpose. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Zensar Technologies Limited 
Gaurav Tongia 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
GAURA
V 
TONGIA
Digitally signed 
by GAURAV 
TONGIA 
Date: 2023.05.17 
10:25:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
“Zensar Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH TANDON – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN ZUTE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK RANJAN – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER– ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. VIJAYASIMHA ALILUGHATTA -- CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER - ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANIK TANEJA – AXIS CAPITAL 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 '23 Earnings Conference Call of Zensar 
Technologies Limited hosted by Axis Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you, Yashashvi. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I welcome you all 
to Zensar's Q4 FY '23 earnings call. We have with us today; Mr. Manish Tandon, CEO and 
Managing Director of Zensar Technologies; Mr. Sachin Zute, CFO; and a few other members 
of the senior management team. Before I hand over the call to Manish, I would like to highlight 
that the safe harbor statement of the second slide of the analyst presentation and is assumed to 
be read and understood.  
With this, I'll hand over the call to Manish. Thanks, and over to you, Manish. 
Manish Tandon: 
Thank you, Manik. Hello, good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone, and thank 
you for taking the time to join us today to discuss Zensar's financial results for the fourth quarter 
of FY '23. As Manik mentioned, we have Sachin, our CFO on the call. And I would also like to 
welcome Vivek Ranjan, our CHRO, and a very warm welcome to Vijayasimha, for whom this 
is the first call, who joined as a COO a couple of months back. 
In the 4 months since starting this role, I've had the pleasure of meeting many fascinating people, 
including Zensar associates, industry thought leaders and clients who passionately believe in 
their products and services. With each interaction over these months, I have been reminded why 
I was excited to take on this work. At Zensar, we create experiences that put people first. We do 
more than sell and deliver to our clients. We build relationships with them. And through these 
relationships, we are always learning more about our clients’ drive and desire to serve their 
customers with greater speed, agility, and purpose. 
To increase our addressable market, we are looking from the inside out, identifying our key 
strengths and capitalizing on a substantial service line investments. With the goal of optimizing 
execution, we also made a few key changes to our organization structure over the last quarter. 
Vertical business heads have been given the additional responsibility of driving a service line 
each helping to create a more collaborative sales environment. The capabilities of Indigo Slate 
and Foolproof have been consolidated under the umbrella of Integrated Studios. 
We also have added a new Chief Business Officer position to lead the Integrated Studios and 
champion our experience-led offerings, which are very unique by the way. A separate function 
of net new growth and alliances has been established to focus on strengthening our alliance and 
hyperscaler partnerships led business. Our sales incentive plan also has been revamped with 
emphasis on the right incentivization to encourage cross-sell, multiservice line deals with 
healthier margin profile. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
With that, I will turn to the summary of quarterly and FY results.  
For the fourth quarter of FY '23, we registered a service revenue of $145.8 million, representing 
a sequential Q-o-Q growth of 2% in constant currency. This translates to an overall revenue of 
$147.5 million, representing a sequential Q-o-Q growth of 0.4% and quarterly Y-o-Y decline of 
0.3% in constant currency. For the full FY '23, we registered revenues of $604.2 million, 
representing a year-over-year growth of 10.3% in constant currency. 
Let me walk you through the performance of our geographies and verticals for the quarter. All 
numbers stated here are in constant currency. Banking, Financial Services and Insurance 
reported sequential Q-o-Q growth of 2.4% and Y-o-Y, year-over-year growth of 16.1% in 
constant currency. Last quarter, our Insurance vertical saw a decline due to right shifting of 
milestones at a key client, which we recognized in the current quarter. Hitech and manufacturing, 
including emerging registered sequential Q-o-Q growth of 4.2% and a year-over-year decline of 
4.1% in constant currency, supported by furlough reversal and growth in revenues at some of 
our key manufacturing clients.  
Consumer Services registered sequential quarter-on-quarter decline of 12.7% and a year-over-
year decline of 17.2% in constant currency, primarily due to decline in revenues at one of our 
key clients in the Europe portfolio. We expect to recover this revenue in the next quarter. At a 
macro level, we are still seeing headwinds in this vertical in pockets as the retail clients have 
tightened budgets for capital projects in response to continued high inflation and economic 
uncertainty. 
Coming to regions. The U.S. region posted a sequential quarter-on-quarter growth of 1.4% and 
a year-over-year decline of 3.8%. The Europe region registered sequential quarter-on-quarter 
decline of 5.7% and year-over-year growth of 1.1% in constant currency. However, for the full 
FY '23, this region grew by a phenomenal 20% in constant currency terms. The decline in 
revenue this quarter was due to the right shifting of revenue recognition at a key client. 
While there is continued softness in the new business environment, we saw healthy growth at 
several of our existing clients, and we expect the overall growth in this region to be back in Q1 
FY '24.  
The South Africa region saw growth momentum with sequential quarter-on-quarter growth of 
4.3% and a year-over-year growth of 20.7%. Growth for full year FY '23 is 18.3% in constant 
currency. In addition to our existing AMS positioning, the region saw sustained positive traction 
for our experience-led engineering and cloud-native capabilities, which has led ramp-up at some 
of our key clients. 
Our gross margin stood at 31.9% in Q4 FY '23, representing a sequential quarter-over-quarter 
increase of 460 basis points. Our EBITDA stood at 14.5%, a sequential quarter-on-quarter 
increase of 320 basis points. The order book for Q4 FY '23 stood at $174.9 million, supported 
by healthy renewables and multiple wins across verticals. 
I am pleased to share that for the fourth quarter, our last 12-month attrition declined to 19.8%, a 
sequential improvement of 300 basis points. Attrition continues to moderate due to our strong 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
employee-centric policy, coupled with easing supply side issues. Our employee happiness index 
and integral RPG employee satisfaction metric has reached a score of 84%, an improvement of 
200 basis points over the last year. Likewise, we have seen a 20% increase in annual average 
training hours per employee rising from 61.8 hours last year to 74.2 hours in FY '23. 
Our service lines continue to scale up and deliver targeted high-value solutions. Our integrated 
solutions approach, which leverages cross-sell capabilities like experience and engineering is 
gaining a strong foothold with our clients. Our focused service lines, including advanced 
engineering services, data engineering and analytics and enterprise SaaS are growing quickly 
and now constitute 34.4% of our services revenue. 
On the ESG front, I am thrilled to share that the global level green energy component for our 
premises has increased to 17.6% compared to 7% versus last year. With this, we increased our 
green energy contribution by almost 150% in 1 year. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. This is the Moderator: here. The voice is a little muffled. So can you 
stay away from the speaker a little from the microphone. 
Manish Tandon: 
Okay. So as we were saying, as I was saying, with this, we increased our green energy 
contribution by almost 150% in 1 year. We are also water positive, water regeneration exceeding 
order consumed by 120% on our Pune campus. Importantly, in FY '22/'23, we touched more 
than 200,000 lives through fever clinics and other education and communication drives in CSR. 
The current demand environment continues to be challenging, driven by global uncertainty. This 
will delay client decision-making and impact tech spend in the near- to medium-term.  
As a result, we are seeing some slowdown in pockets, particularly in Hitech and Manufacturing 
and in Consumer Services verticals. However, as our clients navigate the uncertainties, they are 
looking to digital transformation to move forward with velocity. As a steadfast partner, we 
continue to provide design, data and engineering offerings to help meet and redefine the 
challenges that matter most to the clients we serve. 
In conclusion, I want to reiterate that we are on the right path in terms of strategy. We continue 
to keep a laser sharp focus on execution to deliver added value for all our stakeholders while 
keeping our clients at the front and center. With that, I will now invite Sachin, our Chief 
Financial Officer, to provide an update on critical financial data, after which we will open the 
floor for questions. 
Sachin Zute: 
Thank you, Manish. Good day, everyone, and thank you all for joining this call. In addition to 
Manish talking about the business, I will take you through some of the key financial metrics for 
the year and for the quarter ending March '23. For the financial year '23, the reported revenue in 
U.S. dollar terms stood at $604.2 million, reflecting growth of 6.1% year-on-year. In constant 
currency, the growth for the year was 10.3%. The reported revenue for fourth quarter of FY '23 
is $147.5 million in U.S. dollar terms, reflecting growth of 1.1% sequentially. In constant 
currency terms, revenue growth for the quarter is 0.4% sequentially. Services revenue for the 
quarter grew by 2.7% sequentially in reported terms and 2% in constant currency terms. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
We exited Q4 FY '23 at an EBITDA of 14.5%, an increase of 320 basis points from previous 
quarters. Improvement in EBITDA for the quarter was primarily driven by positive impact of 
currency, improved trade mix, ongoing operational efficiencies, including optimization of 
subcontractor costs, improved productivity and better utilization on account of furlough 
reversals. 
It was partially offset by increasing SG&A cost, increase in SG&A cost was primarily due to 
reversal of one-time benefit, which we had last quarter. There was a reduction in depreciation 
expenses. The primary reason is optimization in portfolio of lease assets and intangibles as part 
of our cost optimization initiatives affected the number. Going ahead, we see some variation, 
but expect the same to be in the range bound for the rest of the year. 
As we have emphasized earlier, our continuous rigor for margin improvement through measures 
such as increasing fresher deployment, improving commercials, optimizing operational metrics 
and rationalizing cost has helped in improving the company margin. LTM attrition for Q4 stood 
at 19.8%, which is lowest among the recent quarters has helped us manage the cost better. 
We have had one of the best DSOs in recent quarters as collections were healthy for the 
company. For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, DSO stood at 74 days as against 80 days in 
previous quarters. Year-on-year basis, DSO improved by 16 days. For the quarter, cash and cash 
equivalents including investments stood at $201.5 million, $22.1 million increase from last 
quarter and $45.8 million increase year-on-year. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.2%. 
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of INR3.5 per share for FY '23, 
subject to approval from shareholders. With this, the total dividend pay-out, including interim 
dividend for FY '23 will be 250% of the face value. 
With that, I come to the end of my presentation and open the house for questions. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
I think the quarter has been sort of exemplary from an execution standpoint. Now, Manish, just 
wanted your thoughts from a demand perspective because while margins have done extremely 
well, the demand commentary is soft in the context of the environment, which is understandable. 
But we have seen Hitech grow this quarter. So I just wanted your thoughts on what you're exactly 
seeing within each of those verticals? Do you worry about sequential declines from a demand 
perspective? Or how should we think about each of those elements for each of the verticals? 
Manish Tandon: 
So I think, Nitin, first of all, thank you for the kind words. I agree that we have executed well as 
a team this quarter, and hopefully, this trend will continue. As far as demand is concerned, my 
larger peers has already spoken that the demand environment is soft and so on and so forth.  
But I can say that what we have done in the last 1, 1.5, 2 years is to increase the addressable 
market for our services. So even though the market, as it existed for us might have reduced, the 
overall addressable market has increased for us. And that is the way I am looking at things and 
my team is looking at things. We had a very, very good quarter, order booking of close to $175 
million, which bodes well for at least the next quarter. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
As far as verticals are concerned, we will continue to see challenges in , Consumer Services and 
Hitech. BFSI, actually, our portfolio is tilted more towards Insurance. So we are not seeing as 
many headwinds as some of our competitors. 
And the other geographies, U.K. and Europe, we have I think, built very deep relationships over 
there through the client. So we are seeing continuous growth there, and that is also the case with 
South Africa. So those 2 remain bright spots from a demand perspective, even now. I hope I 
have answered the question. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure. And just another question on -- you mentioned rightsizing or sort of right shifting of 
revenue recognition with the customer in Europe, does that pertain to the pass-through? Or 
should we sort of think about that? 
Manish Tandon: 
No, this is not pass-through. This is services revenue. I mean, we just missed the cut off for 
receiving a document. So, we had to shift that revenue upshift to the next quarter. And this 
happens with some accounts or the other we have that every quarter. So it's nothing very material 
that you should be worried about or I should be worried about. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure. And lastly, on margins, just your thoughts on -- but do you think this is sort of base margin 
and considering the pass-through that has come off quite a bit from what it used to be. Do you 
think longer term margins can be higher than what it used to be, at least technically speaking, 
considering that the parcel is not going to be there? So maybe longer term, it can technically be 
higher? And are these margins sort of defensible from where it is today? That's the last question. 
And Manish, you voice is a little muffled, I don't know why, but yes, it's a little difficult to 
comprehend 
Manish Tandon:  
Okay. Is this better? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes, it's better. 
Manish Tandon: 
Okay. So on margin, I would request Sachin to provide the commentary. And what was your 
last question, Nitin? I missed it. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
No, it was primarily on the margin on sustainability. Is this sort of the base? And 2, considering 
that pass-through is significantly lower than what it used to be. And if it is -- if that's going to be 
the direction on pass-through, ideally, shouldn't margins longer term technically be higher than 
what it used to be from a company, longer term that is, not talking about a year or any such thing, 
but just longer term, there is some thought process perspective. 
Manish Tandon: 
So just before I hand over to Sachin to answer your question on margin, I just want to emphasize 
the point on pass-throughs, where pass-throughs are absolutely necessary for services revenue 
to accrue, we are okay with that. But where pass-throughs are just serving as fat calories, adding 
nothing to the bottom line, we don't want to encourage that. So in a nutshell, we have focused 
much more on services revenue. And pass-through revenue, we take if and only if, it is both 
margin and service revenue accretive. So that is the change in strategy. 
I would let Sachin answer your question on sustainability of margin. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Sachin Zute: 
Thanks, Nitin, for the question. As you saw, Nitin, our margins improved by 320 basis points 
during the quarter, primarily due to 30 basis points impact of currency, improved trade mix of 
another 30 basis points. Ongoing operational efficiencies improved margins by 230 basis points, 
including subcontractor cost optimization and improved productivity. Given that these are 
fundamental changes which are happening in the way we are working on our delivery 
organization, our objective will be to maintain the mid-teens trajectory for our EBITDA margins 
going forward. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Congratulations on really very good margins in a challenging time. And in terms of revenue 
growth, I understand the current environment. So I don't want to ask anything on it. But I just 
want to know, you mentioned that the operational efficiency helped in the margin. So can you 
throw some deeper light like what kind of operational efficiencies that helped? And also the 
trajectory going forward, so does these margins are sustainable, and we will see a further 
momentum in this margin profile? 
And another question, you mentioned that the three clients that resulted into lower growth in this 
quarter. And you also mentioned that in coming quarters, we are confident that we will recover 
the revenue. So, I just want to know which are those clients? And why are we confident that 
we're going to recover revenue in the subsequent quarters? Yes, that's a few questions from my 
side. 
Manish Tandon: 
So margin, again, I will let Sachin take that question. We had articulated the 6 levers that we are 
using and Sachin can throw out light in it. I typically don't mention clients. So, I don't know 
which three clients we are saying we will recover revenues. Recovery of revenues, I think I said 
only for those clients where we couldn't recognize revenues because of lack of proper 
documentation.  
So, as you know, there is a cut off. And if we don't receive adequate purchase orders or 
statements of work and so on. From a financial prudence perspective, we don't recognize that 
revenue. So that I'm saying we will recover. That's all. Sachin, do you want to answer the 
question on margin? 
Sachin Zute: 
Sure. As I said, the subcontractors cost optimization really resulted the margins to improve this 
quarter. Apart from that, if you see the utilization for the company also improved, which has 
helped the margin for us. And as we have previously also stated, there are 4 to 5 levers, which 
currently we are working on inside the company to improve the margins, like improving the 
service mix of the business, improving the commercial with the customers, we are also 
improving the pyramid at the company. Also, a lot of focus is being put on optimization of 
support cost-related activities. So we believe that we want to maintain the mid-teens margin 
trajectory going forward. And these initiatives, we believe, will help us to maintain it around 
that. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
My question is regarding the growth in top 5 client, very strong bounce back from last quarter 
contribution and grew more than 8% this time. I just want to understand, is it what laid back our 
top clients and that also drove our Hitech growth? Is it a fair understanding? And how sustainable 
is this growth going forward? 
Manish Tandon:  
So I think... 
Moderator: 
I request you to -- Mr. Tandon, we are unable to hear you clearly. Give me moment, please. 
Participants are requested to stay connected. We have Mr. Tandon back online. 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes. So as I was saying, one of the basic tenets that we have been working on is improving our 
client centricity. And if we are doing -- if we do a good job of that, that should be reflected in 
the growth of our top accounts, top 5 accounts. I am happy to report that some of the efforts that 
we put in are bearing fruit, and we will continue to have client centricity as one of our core tenets 
as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a next question from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal. 
Mukul Garg: 
Manish, so two questions, one for Manish and Sachin. Manish, just a follow-up on the Hitech 
and top 5 client growth. You guys have, in the past, indicated that the top account growth will -
- given the relationship will remain kind of behind overall business growth. This quarter 
definitely seems like an exception, but just wanted to get per sense when you spoke about 
creating greater potential for business and adding newer areas, is that something we should think 
about from top account perspective as well and that growth can potentially be meaningful going 
forward? 
Manish Tandon: 
So, we do not comment on individual clients per se and I don't remember at least I have never 
mentioned about top client growth and so on. We have always talked about top five, top 10, top 
20. So as I said, I will not comment on a single client overall. But yes, the answer to  latter part 
of your question is that, yes, if we are taking additional service offerings to the market, then if 
our existing client base is not willing to consume those services where we have the relationships, 
then how would we expect others to take up those services. So it's a very good leading indicator 
if our existing client base is taking up the newer offerings and we are obviously seeing that as 
we progress through the year. 
Mukul Garg: 
So maybe like if I can just -- for the first half of this question, kind of look at it slightly 
differently. Hitech has been an area where lot of your peers have really struggled off late because 
it's very visible the kind of issues the sector has been going through globally. This quarter, 
obviously, was very good for you and partially, obviously, last few quarters were weaker. So is 
that something we should think about from a going forward perspective also? Or was that 
partially a normalization of revenues after a few weak quarters? How should we think about 
Hitech from next three to four quarters perspective, qualitatively, I don't expect you to give a 
quantitative number, but how should we think about it? 
Manish Tandon: 
See, Hitech between Q3 and Q4 always should be going up because in Hitech account there are 
lots of furloughs that happen -- in the last week of December and the first week of January. So 
the furlough impact is much more in December than in January. So you should always be seeing 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
growth in Hitech, mostly, you should be seeing growth in Hitech because of having less 
furloughs in Q4. So if others are reporting de-growth even after that, there is something to be 
worried about. 
Mukul Garg: 
And the other question was for Sachin. If you look at -- I think the margin performance was 
really great this quarter, the sub-con number, the percent of revenue is now back to where it was 
eight quarters back. You guys have also been reporting net declines in employees for last four 
quarters. While you do expect margins to remain range bound and mid-teens over the next going 
forward basis, but how should we see the overall mix change? Now will you get back to 
employee additions as revenue growth kind of comes back over the next few quarters? How 
should we think about the compensation perspective is sub-con, does it still have some more 
scope to go down? 
Manish Tandon:  
Yes, I would let Vijay answer that question, Sachin, if you're okay with that? 
Sachin Zute: 
 
Sure. 
Vijayasimha Alilughatta: 
I hope you can hear me? So, with regards to the headcount, right, I think while it is true that our 
overall headcount has reduced, our billed headcount has actually increased in Q4 as compared 
to Q3. So we believe that with the little bit more improvement in utilization, we will continue to 
right basically add volume growth. With regards to your second point about sub-contractors, we 
will be very methodical in terms of leveraging sub-cons going forward, so that we leverage only 
to complement where we don't necessarily have immediately available skills. So there is a little 
bit of scope for further reduction in terms of subcontractors as we go forward. And that is a lever 
that we constantly look towards managing because that impacts margins. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
One question is about the addressable market expansion which you earlier indicated. So can you 
just give us some sense about what steps we have taken to expand our addressable market? And 
if any qualitative quantitative way if you can help us understand it? 
Manish Tandon: 
So yes, of course. So two years back, if you look at it, we had primarily two service lines, one 
was infrastructure management and the second was ADM, which is application development 
and maintenance. Over the last two years, we have added some of the newer technology areas 
as service lines, so software as E-SaaS, for example, is one line and we are doing very well there 
with Salesforce, which is a brand-new practice with SAP and with Oracle. 
The second area that we have added significantly to is data. So there are -- as you know, with 
AI and even before, AI, data and analytics was one of the key spend areas and we were not 
addressing that spend area effectively. So we have added that service line and we are seeing 
good traction there. We also added advanced engineering services, which is basically around 
using agile technologies and the new technologies that are out there, including cloud 
technologies. And finally, we created a service line called Experience Services, which helps us 
design research, design implement and adopt end user experiences. Collectively, these services, 
as was mentioned add about 35% to our revenues. So that is what I meant by increasing the 
addressable market. 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
And to expand the presence in these expanded service offerings, what portion of it, let's say, 
through M&A you intend to expand it faster? Or you think organically, largely, we can expand 
this addressable market? And any new areas where you intend to invest to expand addressable 
market further? 
Manish Tandon: 
We may add a vertical or two, but we are looking at M&A more opportunistically rather than 
making it a core part of our strategy because frankly, in my 30 years in the industry, I can tell 
you, inorganic revenue is no substitute for organic growth. If an organization cannot grow 
organically, then just adding -- doing more M&A just doesn't help. 
So, we are looking at, as I said, execution and improving our execution on our strategy and as a 
part of that, if we see opportunistic opportunities coming up in M&A and by the way we actively 
scout for M&A opportunities, which are attractive, which provide attractive returns to our 
shareholders, we will go for it. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Manik Taneja: 
I had a question related to headcount metrics, given the moderation that we've seen or the decline 
that we've seen at an overall level, I was also inclusive about the decline in terms of the sales 
and support headcount this quarter. So just wanted to get your thoughts as to what -- how do we 
see this going forward? And the second question was for Sachin, in terms of our segmental 
margins. We have seen our IMS margins move up significantly through the course of last couple 
of quarters. So is this just a hardware or the pass-through element that's driving that? It will be 
helpful to understand that. 
Manish Tandon: 
So on the first part of the question, I can clearly say that we are not reducing sales headcount or 
sales expenses, we are actually increasing our sales and marketing expense. But whatever cuts 
or otherwise you are talking about that you see is not in terms of overall cost, but in terms of 
driving more efficiencies and having the right people at the right positions. 
So to answer your question, none of this margin improvement has actually come from reducing 
sales and marketing expenses because if we need to show -- grow revenue and if we need to be 
client-centric, which you want to, we need feet on the street and that is a wrong expense to cut. 
On the overall numbers for employees, I would request Vivek Ranjan, our CHRO, to take that 
question. 
Vivek Ranjan: 
So on overall headcount, something which Vijay already spoke about, so just touching on what 
we mentioned, our focus will remain utilization of our available talent. And as Vijay also 
highlighted, utilization has improved, but there is still some more room in terms of improving 
that and we will stay focused in terms of ensuring that our billable headcount increases without 
need for increasing net headcount. However, the net head count is a factor which we -- which is 
a factor of business and we'll stay focused on that. 
Manik Taneja: 
 
And the second question was for Sachin on the segmental margins. 
Sachin Zute: 
Yes, so Manik, as you rightly said, given that the pass-through revenue for the company over 
the last three quarters has been a decline, that is a reflection of improvement in the margins, 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
which we are seeing. As well as, as you know, that we have seen a reversal of furloughs 
especially in this quarter. That is also a reflection in the spike in the margin over there. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Manish, first question is post you took, you highlighted two strategy in terms of turnaround, first 
near-term focus in terms of margin turnaround, where we have done a great execution and it 
looks like the low-hanging fruits could be largely behind our margin. The second, in terms of 
the revenue growth turnaround, so can you throw some light, how are we making sure that what 
we have seen the successful journey in terms of margin may even continue in terms of a 
successful journey in terms of the growth turnaround may not happen in the near term, but over 
medium to long-term. Just wanted to understand to make the company much more consistently 
growing on a longer-term level? 
Manish Tandon: 
So frankly, I believe in the quote that in the long term all of us will be dead. So, okay like in the 
last call, we had promised that we will get mixing margins by Q2 of FY '24. We have actually 
achieved that number in Q4 of FY '23 itself, which gives, me as a CEO, a lot of confidence in 
our ability to execute. And again, I would -- I watch the -- watch the short-term improvements 
that we want to see and one of the things that I saw, which you may not have noticed as much 
was that our order bookings increased from 135 million in Q3 to about 175 million in Q4. I 
might be off by a couple of million here or there. Now that is a very positive sign overall as far 
as I'm concerned. 
So, I continue to look at leading indicators and I will continue to make sure that, that we continue 
to execute on our promise on the revenue side also. As you know, the market is tough, as my 
larger peers have indicated, we have taken certain steps, there is a push and pull. Hopefully, the 
push that we are making will win over the pull. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And in terms of your GTM factor, you said the vertical heads would be also responsible for 
services, it was slightly bit unclear your voice was muffled. So can you throw some light? And 
second, Zensar has a good quality marquee account place, especially within top 20 clients, but 
we also hear from peers in terms of a risk for vendor consolidation, which is happening because 
of the clients focused on a cost account deal. So are we witnessing any such risk in any of our 
top clients? And how do we see that this two parts going forward in terms of our positioning 
with those client as a whole? 
Manish Tandon: 
All right. So, I have been in this industry again for 30 years, I can tell you vendor consolidation 
is always a zero-sum gain, okay? So, if someone is telling you that through vendor consolidation, 
they are going to grow 10%, I think I would take it with a bag of salt. So when the consolidation 
happens, you win some, you lose some, normally it turns out to be a zero sum game. And I think 
we have actually very sticky clients, long-term clients, clients who have been with us for several 
decades I would say and have been through 2001, 2008 and now through COVID and they have 
stuck by us. So, I hope to take market share away from others in this vendor consolidation rather 
than seed market share to them. 
Sandeep Shah: 
 
And a question in terms of the vertical heads with looking at services? 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, vertical head, so see actually, if you look at the organization structure, there are five revenue 
units, think of them as verticals. So we have three verticals in the U.S., then we have Europe and 
then we have South Africa. So those are the five revenue units and we have five service lines for 
infrastructure management services, data engineering and analytics and so on and so forth. So 
what is meant by that statement, is each of the revenue service line leader is also incubating and 
driving sales for a particular horizontal across the company, right? 
So think of it as an additional responsibility that they have not only for their own revenues, but 
also to drive the revenues of a particular service line across the organization. So think of it as 
that way. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And Sachin, sir, just wanted to understand when would be the wage hikes as a whole? And 
despite those hikes, we still believe we can continue to have a mid-teen kind of a margin? 
Sachin Zute: 
So as you know that we have our wage hike cycle starting from Q2 of any financial year. So that 
will continue to happen during that period. And as I said, mid-teens is a range and we are trying 
to see that how we can keep our EBITDA margins in that range. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Mihir from Carnelian Capital. 
Mihir: 
I understand the top five and top ten accounts have grown really well, so just wanted to 
understand what is the kind of interaction that we are having in top five and top 10 accounts. So 
if you can just throw some light, what kind of interaction are we having across these accounts? 
And my second question was on the pass-through revenue. I mean we saw pass-through revenue 
declining over the last two, three quarters. If you can just quantify that and quarter-by-quarter as 
to what was that number, that will be really helpful. And my last question was on the roles, 
which are being created. I mean in the starting, you mentioned that some new rules which have 
been created, particularly on the integration side and synergy side. So at that point in time the 
work was slightly muffled, if you can throw some more light on that these rules that will be 
really helpful, Yes. 
Manish Tandon: 
Sachin, do you want to take the first two parts of the question? I think one was top 10 and the... 
Sachin Zute: 
Yes. Sure, Manish. So top 10, obviously, one of the major reasons is reversal of furlough 
revenues, which happened during Q4. That is definitely something which has affected the 
growth in top 10 clients for us. As far as pass-through revenues are concerned, in Q2, we had 
$6.6 million pass-through revenue. In Q3, we had $3.9 million and in Q4 we had $1.7 million 
of pass-through revenue. I just want to clarify one thing that ultimately pass-through is part of 
our services business. So wherever it's required, pass-through will be there as part of our 
portfolio as it's linked to any other player in the industry. Thank you. 
Manish Tandon: 
Question on new roles or something, sorry, you spoke so fast, I couldn't understand if you could 
repeat it, please? 
Mihir: 
So I just wanted to understand, you mentioned about new roles being created largely on the 
integration side on the delivery side. So which are these rules? And if you could throw some 
light on that? 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Manish Tandon: 
There are -- see, we have a new Chief Operating Officer, Vijayasimha which is on this call. We 
have created an experienced service line, which is basically integrated studio services. We have 
a Chief Business Officer appointed there. We have created a new organization for net new and 
alliances, so we have created new role for that. So those are the primary roles that I am talking 
about here. 
Mihir: 
Sir, just an extension to the earlier one. I mean, in the top five and top 10 accounts, sir, what is 
the kind of interaction that you are having? I know what kind of revenue growth could be there, 
just from a qualitative angle, not a quantitative question. 
Manish Tandon: 
So we have a very deep relationships typically with our clients. I have listed now all the three 
main geographies that we operate in. And I can tell you that we have connects at the CXO level 
in almost all these accounts. So, the kind of interactions that we are having in these accounts are 
what we normally have at a CXO level, where we talk about what's new and how we can help 
our clients business succeed and compete and get new revenues and improve margins and so on 
using the latest and greatest technologies, how we can help them save costs. 
So mostly, the discussions have been -- at least my discussions are more at a strategic level and 
then applying that to the technology solutions that we can bring to them. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
So my first question is on the top five and top 10 clients. So is it fair to assume that the top five, 
top 10 clients growth is largely known largely due to the on a top client? Or is that more like 
widespread across clients? And also, on the cross-sell opportunities that we have within our top 
10 strategic accounts because we have introduced new service lines. So what kind of cross-
selling are we doing? And what is the opportunity we see from there in the top, say, 20 strategic 
accounts? 
Manish Tandon: 
I think, again, as I said, the growth that we are seeing is secular, it is not concentrated growth. 
So that gives us more confidence that this growth can be more sustainable. So it is not that 
suddenly one account has woken up and is doing something and no, that's not the case. One of 
the things that I had talked about in the past, there has been a client farming strategy and I think 
that strategy has improved. And again, I would take you back to the order book number, which 
has increased significantly from 135 million or so to about 175 million. And cross-selling is 
happening. In fact, our service lines, the newly added service lines are growing much faster than 
the traditional ADM and infrastructure services. 
Amit Chandra: 
And sir on the subcontracting expenses, so we have seen a sharp cut in this quarter. And also, if 
you see in the past, we have seen such volatility in the sub-con expense then, there has been kind 
of cuts also in the past and then again scaled back. So how confident are we that this time it will 
sustain at these levels? And what led to such sharp decline in the sub-con expenses this quarter, 
so if you can give some more it would be helpful? 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, so first of all, I just want to emphasize that we are improving margin by cutting fat, not 
cutting muscle. And, as you can see, subcontractors has improved, utilization has improved. So 
it is factors like those that are impacting this and hence, I believe that it is more sustainable. At 

 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
a deeper and a more philosophical level, the structure now in the organization is that of 
empowerment and accountability and the targets for margins and the ownership and the 
accountability goes much deeper in the organization. And of course, I would be remiss if I don't 
mention that Vijay has done a tremendous job in making sure that all this fat is first found and 
then cut including subcontractors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Tandon: 
So first of all, I think thank you for all your questions, all your efforts, all your praise, all your 
probing, I think it's not only about these questions for us is not only about giving new answers, 
but also about thinking carefully as to what our investor base is thinking and looking at. And 
from that perspective, this call was really useful. From a company perspective, I can say that we 
will continue to work hard to make sure that we service our shareholders and serve them well. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
