 
 
 
 
4th May, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited                                                 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services               Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                          Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001                                           Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051       
Scrip Code: 500575  
 
           NSE Symbol: VOLTAS 
 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
              
Further to our letter dated 26th April, 2023, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call on the Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter/year ended 31st March, 2023 held on 27th April, 2023. 
 
2. The same is also available on the Company’s website at  
https://www.voltas.in/images/Investor/schedule-announcements/download/Voltas_Earnings_Call_Transcript_Q4_FY23.pdf  
  
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             Yours faithfully,  
                                                                                              VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   V. P. Malhotra 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              Head – Taxation, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Legal & Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Enc.  
 
 
VARUN 
PRAKASH 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by 
VARUN PRAKASH 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2023.05.04 
12:59:29 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Voltas Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
        
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JITENDER VERMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VOLTAS LIMITED 
MR. MANISH DESAI – HEAD CORPORATE FINANCE – 
VOLTAS LIMITED 
MR. VAIBHAV VORA – MANAGER, CORPORATE 
FINANCE – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Voltas Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome you to the Q4 FY '23 Voltas 
Earnings Call. We have the management today being represented by Mr. Jitender Verma, Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Manish Desai, Head Corporate Finance; Mr. Vaibhav Vora, Manager, 
Corporate Finance. 
I'll now hand over the floor to Mr. Jitender Verma for his initial remark, post which we'll open 
up the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Jitender Verma: Hi and thank you Bhoomika and a good day to everyone else. As we entered 
the financial year '23, it was set to be a year of recovery, leaving behind the after effects of 
COVID, Russia-Ukraine war, while on one hand supply chain disruptions were unwinding, 
synchronous tightening of monetary policy by most central banks, resulting increase in the 
interest rate and thereby controlling effects of elevated inflation. The volatility in commodity 
prices, signs of turbulence in the banking network are holding the economic growth across most 
of the countries.  
Despite the challenges across the globe, India continued to show resilience to the effects of 
various global events. The widening of current account deficit, depreciation of the Indian rupee 
and muted capital inflow did impact the company growth in the later part of the year. The impact 
of the higher inflation rate witnessed in the consumer confidence index across segments and in 
particular, the discretionary sectors. However, the policy measures taken by the central 
government to strengthen manufacturing in key sectors with production-linked incentives, 
higher allocation towards building infrastructure and softening of inflation rate shall support the 
economic growth in the coming quarters. 
Given the ever-challenging environment, Voltas’ product business has performed relatively 
better with growth across all product categories amid incessant rains and muted consumer 
sentiments towards discretionary spend. Our consolidated total income for quarter four financial 
year '23 was INR3,003 crores as against INR2,704 crores in quarter four FY '22, which is a 
growth of 11% year-on-year. Profit before tax and after tax was INR214 crores and INR143 
crores respectively. Earnings per share not annualized for the quarter ended 31st March, 2023 
was at INR4.35 against INR5.52 reported last year. 
The consolidated total income for the year ended 31st March 2023 was higher by 19% at 
INR9,667 crores as compared to INR8,124 crores in the corresponding period last year. Profit 
before share of profit, loss of joint venture associates and tax was at INR672 crores as compared 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
to INR808 crores in the corresponding period last year. Profit before tax, after share of profit 
loss of joint venture associates and an exceptional item was at INR307 crores as compared to 
INR697 crores last year. The exceptional items of INR244 crores pertained to provision made 
due to termination of contract and encashment of bank guarantee for two overseas projects in 
Dubai and Qatar respectively. Legal proceedings have been initiated against the main contractor 
for recovery of these proceeds of bank guarantees and other amounts due from debt. Net profit 
after tax was at INR136 crores as against INR506 crores in the corresponding period last year. 
Earnings per share as at 31st March, sorry, earning per share for 31st March 2023 was at INR4.08 
as compared to INR15.23 last year. 
The corporate balance sheet continues to remain healthy with the cash and cash equivalent at 
INR2,590 crores at the event. 
A snapshot of our results for this quarter and for the financial year was already given in our 
detailed statement yesterday. 
Segment A, Unitary Cooling products: 
For UCP, the onset of summer season with higher temperature in the early part of March resulted 
in increased demand from the consumer. The unseasonal rain in the latter part of the month 
deferred the demand for the cooling product. However, the weather forecast for hot summer and 
scorching heat witnessed in the current month has increased footfall for the product category 
across major parts of the country. 
The consumers’ desire to have products with advanced features and its long-term advantage of 
savings in energy cost, the split inverter category of air conditioner is in high demand. The 
expanded product portfolio of Voltas with in-house designed SKUs and competitive pricing has 
resulted in increased share of the inverter category to 75% from 63% during the year and its 
contribution is in excess of 80% for the quarter. Based on the success of the inverter split 
category, the company has expanded inverter portfolio in the window category as well as 
strategic price points during the current season. 
Aggressive pricing to leverage early summer sales and garner the market share has increased 
competition in an already fragmented market. While we continue to be leader in the MBO, that 
is multi-brand outlet for the overall air conditioner category with year-to-date February market 
share of 21.9%, the market share for February month was at 18.2%. Nevertheless, secondary 
driven incentive program across these channels, healthy tie-up with modern trade and organized 
channel, extensive network of Exclusive Brand Outlet (EBOs) including experienced zones at 
strategic locations along with customer-centric exciting schemes during the season shall help 
strengthen the market share. 
Commercial refrigeration category continued its growth journey during Q4 FY23 and for the 
year on an even higher base with increased participation from retail chains and OEMs. Within 
the commercial refrigeration category, higher demand was witnessed in water coolers, water 
dispensers and Visi Cooler. The category is expecting to grow further, considering a rapid 
urbanization, change in dietary preferences, demand for the frozen food and market expansion 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
by the OEM of ice creams, chocolates and beverages. The company has expanded its product 
SKUs to cater to the demand for each segment. During the quarter, the company has made 
inroads for Medical Refrigeration (MR) product in a small way and will enhance its focus to 
take advantage of the increasing demand of these MR products. Having planned capacity 
expansion, Voltas is geared to launch a number of consumer-focused product with enhanced 
features and quality in the near future. 
Prediction of early summer with above normal temperatures, seasonal tie-ups with Modern and 
retail chain helped placement of Air Coolers across the value chain. The exclusive product has 
further supported tie-up with e-commerce, an evolving and preferred channel for the short season 
product category. Along with active channel participation, the company has introduced many 
SKUs to balance the product portfolio for each of the product sub-category. The efforts have 
yielded desired results in further strengthening brand position and securing market share of close 
to 9% in air cooler segment. 
Expansion of commercial establishments across various sectors and a growing demand for light 
commercial and deductible product resulted in growth for the commercial air conditioning 
category with improved margin. The focus on customer retention with value-added services is 
supportive in securing long-term orders of after sales service at a competitive pricing. 
On the cost front, softening of the commodity prices, although they still remain volatile, prudent 
and well thought of sourcing has helped contain material costs to a great extent. However, the 
continuous advantage of the same may not be certain, given the erratic and fluid demand and 
supply gap for the critical inputs. Nonetheless, our efforts will always be there to remain 
competitive and continue to provide value for money products to the consumer considering to 
an objective of market share and margin. 
To summarize, for the quarter ended March 2023, Unitary Cooling Product segment registered 
revenue of INR2,049 crores, a 13% growth in turnover from INR1,818 crores. The segment 
reported an EBIT of INR206 crores in quarter four as compared to INR192 crores in quarter four 
of FY 2022. For the year ended March 2023, the segment registered 33% growth in turnover to 
INR6,475 crores from INR4,882 crores with the EBIT of INR538 crores. 
Segment B - Electromechanical Projects and Services: 
Segment revenue for the quarter was INR746 crores as compared to the previous corresponding 
quarter of INR692 crores. Segment result for the quarter reported a loss of INR14 crores as 
compared to profit of INR48 crores for the corresponding quarter last year. Segment revenue for 
the year was INR2,403 crores and the segment result for the year was INR302 crores after the 
exceptional loss of INR244 crores. 
Domestic project business witnessed a healthy order booking of INR1,910 crores as compared 
to INR848 crores in similar period previous year, comprising of single largest order of INR1,200 
crores in electrical. The planned and timely execution of the projects resulted in achieving 
threshold for recognizing margin as per internal policy and thereby contributing to the results. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Further, a tight monitoring of working capital and focus on collection improved return on the 
capital for the domestic project business. 
Lower order pad in the international project business -- in the international project business as 
most of the old projects are at the completion stage impacted the top line as compared to the 
previous year. The region continued to witness a delay in certification and thereby collection of 
the outstanding amount, resulting in provisions following prudent and conservative policy. 
Having said, all efforts are being pursued to engage with customers to expedite certification 
work and improve collection of the due amount. 
The carry forward order book for domestic project stands at INR5,799 crores containing orders 
across water, HVAC, rural electrification and urban infra activities. The international order book 
as at 31st March 2023 stood at INR2,356 crores, largely in UAE and Saudi Arabia region. Total 
carry forward order book of the segment stood at INR8,154 crores vis-a-vis INR5,360 crores of 
outstanding order as on 31st March 2022. 
Segment C, Engineering Products and Services: 
Segment revenue and results continue to report improved performance for the quarter, 
registering healthy growth over previous year. Segment revenue for the quarter was INR142 
crores and EBIT for the quarter was INR56 crores respectively. Segment revenue for the year 
was INR522 crores and the segment result for the year was INR201 crores. 
Better average billing hour rate and customer-focused approach has supported the growth in 
Mozambique territory. The removal of export levy on iron ore and increased focus on 
infrastructure sustained the demand for crushing and screening equipment. 
Textile sector continued to witness challenging environment on account of lower than usual 
utilization of spinning mills due to lower export order and high prices of key raw material quarter 
and yarn. Despite this adversity, the vertical has performed outstandingly on the back of strong 
order book and introduction of various innovative product along with OEM. The focus on after 
sale service has also supported the overall revenue growth. 
Voltas Beko 
Revival of demand, particularly in the month of March has resulted in the overall volume growth 
of 26% during the quarter. The brand has cumulatively sold in excess of 3.3 million units since 
its launch and has become first brand to achieve this milestone in the shortest period of time. 
The expansion of distribution reach, focus on more energy-efficient star-rated product with 
wider range of product SKUs and in-housing manufacturing of the high value added product 
supporting the overall growth. 
Leveraging the strength of the joint venture partners both in manufacturing and distribution is 
helping the Voltas Beko brand to timely introduce innovative product, with differentiated 
features and expanding distribution reach in the targeted and strategically important market. This 
concentrated effort has resulted in securing a market share of 5.3% increase from 4.4% in the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
month of March with the market share of 8.9% in the sub-segment of washing machine category 
of semi-automatic washing machine. 
Our objective is to have more value-added products to be manufactured from own factory and 
thereby control and strengthen the supply chain to improve overall margin. With this objective, 
trial is underway for the fully automatic front-loaded washing machine to manufacture in-house 
after successful launch of frost free refrigerator during the current season. 
The lower penetration in most of the product category, consumer shift to the premiumization 
and technologically advanced product, along with lifestyle changes bodes well for the product 
category and the brand to progress on the defined objective of market share in a profitable way. 
Outlook 
Cooling products being a weather dependent and seasonal product, the summer period becomes 
critical for the industry and company for the growth. The current weather forecast and increased 
footfall projects towards a reasonable growth. The company is adequately prepared to secure the 
opportunity both on supply and consumer demand front and will continue to pursue its 
aggressive strategy to strengthen market share in a profitable basis. 
As you are aware that the company had planned for compressor manufacturing through joint 
venture with Highly International, subject to the necessary regulatory approvals. As these 
regulatory approvals were not forthcoming, both the parties have mutually agreed to terminate 
the joint venture agreement. 
In case of projects business, we will continue to follow cautious and risk-mitigated approach, 
while selecting new orders. The execution of the orders in hand is paramount to ensure timely 
completion of the project with tendered margin. 
With an eye on sustained profitable growth, while enhancing focus on product business and 
project business, independent of each other, the Board has approved an internal restructuring of 
the international operation, including investments in overseas joint ventures and subsidiaries to 
be housed in a 100% wholly owned subsidiary. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Mr. Ankur from HDFC Life. 
Please go ahead.  
Ankur: 
Hi sir, good afternoon. Thanks for your time. One question on the room AC side. So you have 
clearly mentioned because of unseasonal rainfall, we understand, quarter didn't go well. And 
then there seems to be that the inventory in the channel at least when I spoke to some of the 
channel partners and OEMs as well was fairly high. So how are you seeing that inventory right 
now? Obviously, April we see some heat waves, etc... So I'm assuming some volumes that have 
got cleared. But how are you seeing inventory in the channel? And more importantly, earlier we 
were talking of a price hike to come through maybe in April, early part of Q1. So how are you 
kind of seeing that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Management: 
See, this high-channel inventory is basically a period when you're looking at March, towards the 
latter part of the month of March, there were incessant rain practically all over India. So 
therefore, if we just look at this point in time on end of March, there is a possibility that in certain 
channel partners, the inventories were stocked. However, as we sit at this time, we have seen 
that the weather has been really hot. And all the channel inventory which was there have all got 
cleared up and we are -- all the industry is looking at a very good season going forward in the 
months to come, at least during the summer months. 
As far as your second question, can you ask that again, you said something about pricing in 
April. 
Ankur: 
That's right. Because -- yes, yes, so I'll just repeat myself. So I remember in the last con call, you 
have said that we'll take or at least we look at price hikes in the beginning of Q1, around April, 
May was what you said last time around. So I'm just wondering, is that broadly on track? Are 
we -- or have we taken any price hikes in April? Or are we looking at any price hike in the next 
month? 
Management: 
Yes, I understand. The fact is, no, we have not taken any price increases in the month of April. 
And as the future goes, we always keep looking at the price movements very cautiously. And 
certain other brands had actually gone for deep discounts, which we continue to believe are not 
sustainable. And therefore, we maintain our position and have not taken any discounts, but at 
the same time we have not increased the prices also. And that's a thought policy we would 
continue to look at. 
Ankur: 
Okay. And just one last question would be on the margins in the UCP segment, and I remember 
you called out high single-digit margins to kind of continue and again I'm talking on an 
annualized basis, that is so last year was closer to 8.3% thereabout. So is that something you 
believe should continue at least over the next 12, 15 months? Is that how we should look at 
margin? 
Management: 
In a one statement, I would say or in a one word, I would say yes, that's the outlook we still 
maintain. However, I mean, the high single-digit margin, there may be some periods when it 
may go down closer to like instead of a very, very high single digit, it may stay around the same 
number, but slight volatility may remain. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Ankur, may we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions as 
there are several participants waiting for their term. Our next question is from the line of Mr. 
Amber Singhania from Nippon India AMC. 
Amber Singhania: 
Just one question from my side. Basically when we see Voltas, we have always seen in a  decade, 
Voltas has always been very dynamic towards the market changes and always taken steps 
proactively towards turning the things towards their favor in terms of market share growth. 
However, in last five quarters, we are seeing that we are continuously losing market share every 
quarter. So it has been almost two season now where we have seen a market share decline. So 
just wanted to understand, sir, where exactly are we losing out, what is the inter section the 
company has and what could be the reason where we are seeing this continuing not just one, two 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
quarter, but continuing to season access. And what are the steps you are taking to correct it -- 
correct this fall as such? 
Management: 
So Amber, if I want to take your questions, I'd like to split into two, the one is how are we seeing 
the market? And once we do analyze on that, how we are trying to react to the same. Your 
reading is right that the last two quarters our market share is falling, however, as we said earlier 
as well, we have to wait for how the season to roll out. But from the season perspective, we'll 
see a good amount of traction coming during the March to June period. What we also reported 
and I don't know in the last investor call, somebody asked me why you're reporting YTD. And I 
confirm that, once we come to the season, we'll report both YTD and the monthly market share. 
And that's what we have reported even during the current year when we are doing this call. 
I also say that we cannot relate, or we cannot completely follow the competition because we are 
reasonably sure that the price level at which the competition is operating is not sustainable one, 
sooner or later it will bounce back. And when play on a pricing side, you are compromising 
many things also in this business. And we would not like to have those kind of features going or 
the mind not going to the consumer's mind. So, we are reasonably confident that the market will 
see a stabilized kind of operating in the near future and then we'll try to reap the benefit of what 
we lost the last one quarter.  
Amber Singhania: 
Sir, so, is it purely the price competition, which is leading to this kind of fall? Or is there anything 
else also which is impacting our position in the market, either maybe that geography or maybe 
the product or maybe something else? Or is it purely the price factor? 
Management: 
See, if I were to put in the order of reasoning, I would say that the price becomes more important. 
And we all know that if the competition which supposed to eye on a premium start has now 
looking trading at closer to the mass market price, you may see some kind of traction the way in 
which we are seeing today in market. So I would say the price is more important. Second thing 
is once you have the visibility or product strength, you would like to expand to the market where 
your weaker section -- weaker positioning. 
So we have seen Blue Star and few of the brands are becoming very strong in the north market 
and trying to put the pricing strategy on a price card in order to secure the market share. So these 
are the known factors. And whenever the price whichever brand would like to play or try to work 
on a market share, this is a normal strategy the brand has to follow given that product will not 
give such kind of huge differentiation to demonstrate. So this is a known practice and we're 
hopeful that it will get streamlined over a period of time and all players become, I would say, 
reasonably make sure in terms of operating and driving the markets. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Amber, may we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. Our 
next question is from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Sir, what would be your capex guidance for next year for '24 or '25 broadly? 
Management: 
Up to '24-'25 because we are in '23-'24 currently. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Yes, so '23-'24 and for the year after that. 
Jitender Verma: 
Yes, so probably in the range of INR350 crores to INR500 crores, which we're largely now 
concentrating more on the capacity expansion and the backward integration, which we have put 
for the PLI scheme, since the compressor plant is now off the card currently, whereas the 
alternative is still under evolution, but may take longer time. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And sir for the year after that would be how much? So 1 year is INR350 - INR500, next... 
Management: 
I've given you 18 months kind of capex plan from now, INR350 crores to INR450 crores. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And roughly, what capacity would we get after this capacity expansion? 
Management: 
So, the AC capacity will be almost double toward two million, whereas the commercial 
refrigerator also will get above from 2.5 lac units what we have to 5 lac units. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
So -- and commercial will become 0.5 million, right? And sir, just one more question. Let's say, 
what do you think would be now that we're doing standalone will be the UCP business. What do 
you think is a sustainable ROCE for the UCP business? And in terms of the levers, do we see 
the lever coming from margin improvement asset turnover or net working capital improvement 
for the UCP business? 
Management: 
See, if you look from the ROCE perspective, since not only Voltas, but many brands are now 
taking advantage of the PLI scheme by putting required and necessary capex. The ROCE in the 
near future will definitely see some kind of impact which may get lower for the all players 
because we're upfronting the capex, the benefit which will flow over the next five to six years' 
time frame, whereas the PLI scheme which government has announced will support to be 
competitive in the market being and localized to a few components which currently we are not 
having it. But if you ask me, overall, it will be a combination of both to work together in order 
to improve the ROCE. To give you estimation, it is very difficult to put it because every player 
has gone into a different, different direction, looking into their own strength in terms of the 
backward integration, but in the time we are generating returns above your weighted average 
cost of capital, including the cost of equity, probably it makes -- it's still a viable option. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Hi sir. I just wanted to check with you, what has been the kind of growth that we have seen in 
Voltas Beko? 
Management: 
Sorry, we could not give e-mail on the investors well in advance. It is around 26% for the quarter 
ended March. And if I look for the overall, it will be in the range of 15% to 18%. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
15% to 18%, what will be for the full year, right? Full year... 
Management: 
March has seen the highest growth, if I take the quarter break up for the Voltas products. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And has there been any price increases across ref, washing machine, et cetera, in the recent past? 
Management: 
As we said, Ravi, we have to be unlike in a condition where some of the proactive role being 
played by the brand, for VoltBek we'll largely be a follower for the other brands. And since we 
have the LG and Samsung occupying almost in excess of 50%, 55%, all actions in terms of 
pricing will closely be done following them. So to give you answer in one line, no price action 
has been taken in the market for VoltBek product in this category. Rather, we are now looking 
for more star rated products to be produced and to provide at a very competitive price in order 
to create another differentiation with the competition in all the categories. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And with respect to this compressor manufacturing facility, would we be looking for some other 
partner going forward? Or is there any plans to go on your own? Any sense on that? 
Management: 
Definitely, we'll be looking at alternatives and at the right time, we would make the necessary 
announcement in that respect because having sufficiency in compressor manufacturing would 
be the desired -- is the desired object. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera with Nomura. Please go ahead.  
Siddhartha Bera: 
Hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I will go back to the question on market share again. I 
mean we had indicated that we want to go back to the earlier market share levels. But on a 
monthly basis, the market share has kept on dropping. So, what would you expect probably for 
next year? So these are the levels which we should expect? Or do you believe you still hold on 
to the earlier levels of 23%, 24%, you will try to go back to next year? 
Management: 
Siddharth, market share is one aspect, the leadership position is the another aspect. And we have 
continued to maintain our leadership position in both in the market share, as well as in the 
margins as has been seen. And if somebody is out there in the market, looking at the market 
share only by making losses and then that is what we are saying is not a sustainable position. 
And we continue to keep looking at our margin share and the balance between market share, as 
well as margin. 
And in that respect, we definitely have -- from the previous quarter of March, we had bounced 
back. And in the low summer season, there is some tendency to lose that market share. And as 
Manish had earlier mentioned that when we look at months coming in the summer season, that 
will be the time when the regaining of the market share definitely will be -- will happen. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
And second question on the margin side. I mean we have seen improvement in the current 
quarter. Can you indicate if there has been support from the higher commercial refrigeration 
segment in this quarter as well, which has led to a better margin, so that may not be the case? 
And have we changed any supplier base so that we -- our cost of procurement has gone down? 
Or this is entirely organically we have been able to sort of improve the margin? 
Management: 
See, when you look at our segment results, they comprise of all the product categories and 
different product categories have different margin rates. So therefore, to answer that specific 
question on whether commercial refrigeration has helped, or room air conditioners have helped 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
would be a slightly bit not correct at this point. Margin improvement has been seen across all 
product categories in this particular case and we are prepared to continue with this trend. The 
other aspect of your question was whether we will continue to see this in the future? That is 
definitely the endeavor to keep up these margin rate in all the product categories. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Our next question is from the line of Shrinidhi from HSBC. Please go ahead.  
Shrinidhi: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, in project business, we have seen a significant scale up 
in order backlog. Wondering would it be possible to share some color on how our embedded 
margin in this backlog and how are working capital terms. 
Management: 
Shrinidhi, on the project business, yes, there has been a scale up specifically in the domestic 
project line. And that's also I would say a positive towards the fact that when we had a couple 
of years ago announced that there would be a transfer of this business to the early owned 
subsidiary so that the focus can be more on the project or rather I would say equal on the project 
business and product business by housing it in a separate wholly owned subsidiary. So that is 
kind of confirmed with these orders, so once we have gone separate in the business on -- I mean, 
separate in the sense that we are in the same -- still the same management at the Voltas level, 
but there is a specialized focus on the project business. 
The profitability remains at the similar levels of previously stated roughly about 4% to 5% as 
we have been stating. So that would remain though the execution would take two to three years, 
so it will be spread over the years. So that will continue. And with the same reasoning, the 
international business is also being organized as we have announced yesterday. So, we will -- it 
will take its own time to consummate transfer agreements and doing all the activities which are 
required. 
Shrinidhi: 
And second question I have is, sir, in terms of rationale that you gave for business restructuring, 
you mentioned that the used flexibility for Voltas to expand its B2C business. May I ask you to 
elaborate this point as in, are we talking about going into adjacent product categories or we are 
talking more of existing categories that we operate in? 
Management: 
So, as we discussed earlier as well, while doing the domestic transfer, the larger focus will be 
on B2C, which is currently what we are doing in terms of the product categories. Yes, there are 
various other products also which are under evaluation, where we are looking into a potential 
growth and accordingly the call will be taken appropriately. And when we say about it when 
we've done this kind of restructuring, the core objective is the management bandwidth was 
largely being occupied for the consumer driven businesses and project businesses. 
The focus was not so accurate, or I would not say time not being too devoted towards the project 
business. And therefore, this business being transferred with the company, which will have a 
different set of directors. But there are various product categories in the B2C, which are under 
evolution. It will be premature to quote anything currently. We will definitely disclose when the 
time is more appropriate. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Our next question is from the line of Girish Achhipalia from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead.  
Girish Achhipalia: 
Hi sir. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question and opportunity. I just had a faction question. 
So commercial AC and refrigeration is how much in full year FY '23? And also, if you can just 
sell out the top line for Volt Bek? 
Management: 
I would say in terms of contribution, I have to split into two. One is if I take this AC contribution 
to the entire segment in the range of it will be 17% to 18%. And if I look for the commercial 
refrigeration, the second question asked, the commercial refrigeration contribution to the 
segment excluding commercial condition will be around 20%. 
Girish Achhipalia: 
And air coolers would be 4% to 5% again? Or would it be different? 
Management: 
Air cooler will be much lesser than 5%. It is a volume but small value kind of category. 
Girish Achhipalia: 
And Volt Bek top line and AC volumes helped for the full year? 
Jitender Verma: 
Volume, I would not be specifically name, but I can give you a range, it is in excess of 1.4 
million the AC put together. And in terms of the Volt Bek, top line will be in excess of INR1,000 
crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Arafat from InCred Capital. Please go ahead.  
Moderator: 
Mr. Arafat, you can go ahead with your question. 
Arafat: 
Sir, my first question is again on the JV, which you recently terminated. So, I just want to 
understand what's the main reason, it's only regulatory approval that thing? Or is there any other 
reason that you have canceled this agreement? 
Management: 
On the -- I think your question is relevant to the Highly JV and as stated in our announcement, 
it is because the regulatory approvals had not been received up to now. And therefore, I would 
say that was the main reason. And you can understand, when the government doesn't give these 
kind of approvals, there may have been certain consideration in their own mind because of the 
geopolitical situation as we are seeing. And therefore, looking at all those things and after 
making all the efforts, we have decided to part ways mutually. And that's I would say is still the 
main reason, yes, so no other... 
Arafat: 
Sir, my next question is on margin of EMP segment. Although you have seen significant jump 
in order inflow and order book, but sorry to reiterate on that, but what kind of margin you are 
looking for '24 and '25 for the EMP business? 
Management: 
See what we have, Girish is, it's a mix of again when we say it's old and the new project. We are 
very cautious, selective in the new project and that to be the building of the higher contingency 
given the past experience. So if I -- and you know very well the project cycle does continue for 
-- or any other project does continue for more than two to three years. So, if I were to blend both 
the old project margin and the new project margin, it should reflect around in excess of 5% for 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
the project business, at least for the year, starting the next year. We have seen, in fact, the current 
margin also is a good kind of trajectory, but somewhere because of this liquidity trays and we 
get collection and being having too much conservative on our policy front, given the past 
experience, we are seeing this kind of level of margin. But otherwise, new projects are turning 
out, the margin closer to the tender and then tender margins anyway because of the cautious 
approach, it is enough amount of contingency and that with the higher margin percentage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Our next question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Venkatesh B.: 
Obviously, you have mentioned about competition. So -- and you have mentioned -- you 
mentioned the name Blue Star. We are already aware of having gaining market share. Who are 
the others who are gaining market share other than these two? Are there other people? Is it 
Daikin, is it LG? Or is it someone else?  
Because we hear all sorts of things, we also hear that Reliance has launched BPL and Kelvinator 
and it has started picking up some amount of market share in northern part of India. So is there 
any truth to that? And lastly, we also hear that when we go to the Tata-owned Croma shops, the 
people there, the salespeople say that Croma has in-house brand seems to be cannibalizing the 
lower-end Voltas AC. So, any thought on that, both being Tata companies couldn't we work out 
a relationship that the Coma brand itself can be driven to Voltas, why should a business group 
have two different brands at the same time, please some thoughts on it? 
Management: 
Yes, so let me answer the second question first. See Croma is having their own independent 
entity and independent target towards what kind of product they want to manage it or they want 
to deal with and what kind of market share they are looking for. The private label brand is not a 
new concept in India, it has been prevailing for a long time. Yes, it's another competition to the 
Voltas and normally, when the 40 brands are eying for a market share, one more brand by the 
private level within the group company probably will not impact much because now we used to 
have a competitive scenario to fight with each one of them. 
Now the question comes is why not united? The question really comes because that every brand 
carry some kind of perception in the minds of consumer. People have seen how the private level 
brand supporting to the after sales service support because these units are having almost more 
than 8 to 10 years life. Although people may give replacement warranties and a service promise 
and all, we have seen in the market how the outcome of all such kind of promises with no 
committed level of franchises working with them for any brand, I'm not talking about Croma 
specially, but I'm talking about all the private level brand who are working on a suboptimal price 
level. 
Given that background, let me answer on the market share side what you talked about it. 
Generally, I have seen even Lloyd is losing its grip on the market. If I take the last two to three 
months trend on the market share, however, if I take year-on-year and that to exit market share, 
yes, the Lloyd has increased the market share and the other brands who have increased over 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
there significantly is Daikin, who is having a market share growth in over and above the Lloyd. 
So they are leading in terms of growth I have to put over there, Daikin is growing much faster 
than even Lloyd if I were to compare similar period with the exit market share. 
Now question has come on Blue Star, Blue Star also gained market share, but not to the level at 
which the graph or the GFP reflects over there. They have gained by 0.5% to 0.6%. However, if 
I look from the Daikin, it is in excess of 200 basis points. 
Venkatesh B.: 
On the electromechanical project, last year, if I ignore the Qatar and other write-off, which was 
almost INR240 crores at the EBIT level what you delivered was something like INR58 crores 
loss. Now how much -- what was the scale of the provisions you have made in this -- in the last 
year? 
Management: 
Sorry, I would not be able to quantify so clearly. But my press release what I have given to the 
SEBI itself talking about before exception after exception results. And you can easily make it 
out where the kind of quantum of provisions we made, along with the notes to accounts which 
we disclosed. It is a good amount of loss, the provision which we trade out. I would say out of 
that, two incidents are an exception, which have not been perceived by us or which have not 
been ever thought about it that such kind of action can take place because we have not seen such 
kind of incidents in the last decade of our existence in the international operation. So that takes 
over around INR244 crores, so balance also I would not like to quantify as it is, but you can see 
from my segment as a result which is self-explanatory. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Our next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Balasubramanian: 
Good evening sir. Sir, on the electromechanical project side, we made a provision of around 
INR240 crores, we may see any further provisioning in the next coming year? We may see 
around INR200 crores, INR300 crores of provisioning on this project? 
Management: 
Your voice was distorted. Could you repeat your question, please? 
Balasubramanian: 
I just want to understand on the EMP side, are we going to see any further provision going 
forward on the basis of your current assessment? 
Management: 
See, I think you are confusing the extraordinary losses with the normal ECL provisions which 
are there in the business. To clarify, in quarter two and quarter three, there was an encashment 
which was done by, I would say not so clean way and we have gone legal against them. And 
that's why it is a completely an extraordinary event, which happened. And we can be reasonably 
assured that these extraordinary events may not happen again. And therefore, I do not predict 
that. However, there is -- in the segment B, if you see, there is a loss and that is on account of 
normal provision. As we have mentioned that there are certain instances of delayed certification 
and delayed collections, so that has been the main reason and as being a very prudent company, 
we take those provision. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Going forward, our efforts on collections and on certifications would be more, I would say 
strengthened. And therefore, on the basis of that, we would not be projecting or predicting any 
more provision. However, when we are dealing with the third parties, there is always a case for 
the other side to do whatever they want to do. So in that situation, one can't rule out the 
possibility, though from our side, the procedures will always be strengthened. And therefore, 
my prediction is it should not be... 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, any reversal of any of the provisions which we made in last year or something like this, 
anything positive, you can see -- we can see something? 
Management: 
Definitely, again, as a normal procedure, whenever we collect the amounts which have been 
previously provided for as a prudent policy again, you do take those reversal. And like for the 
extraordinary provisions we made, we have very clearly stated that we have gone legal against 
them. And as and when the legal cases are decided and I believe in that market that may happen 
within a 12 to 24-month period. And as and when those legal cases are decided in our favor and 
we are able to collect the money, we should definitely be reversing those provisions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Our next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, one clarification with regard to this 
backward integration to compressors. So how significant is there a cost advantage in being 
backward integrated, now that we are sort of calling off the Highly JV, does that lead to a cost 
disadvantage for Voltas compared to some of the other brands that are setting up this 
manufacturing? And also with quite a lot of these compressor and other component 
manufacturing capacity coming up in India, would you expect prices of the finished products to 
sort of come under pressure over the next couple of years or so? Your thoughts on that, please. 
Management: 
So if I look from the cost perspective, many players in the industry are now evaluating the option 
of compressors. Yes, we had about two or three brands actually jumped into it and going to 
manufacture the same. Probably, we were to wait for time in terms of how we are becoming cost 
competitive. The reason being is because they are -- all these brands are in the business of air 
condition for almost more than two decades. But now the things are changing and they try to 
cope or try to be a part of the backward integration player. 
And that is the thought process even for Voltas as well when we decided to move and go with a 
joint venture partner. Some in substances like we have to wait and work gentlemen in terms of 
how we become cost competitive, because for China if you look, which is the biggest 
manufacturer of the compressor, they are almost serving 90% of the world capacity, which 
means on the scale front or the sourcing front, they have the largest advantage -- the largest 
supplier of the same. Whereas in case of India, people are manufacturing for their own 
consumption, which will restrict to even less than 2 million or 2.5 million or so, even they're 
talking about the installing of the capacity. 
So I would say that let's wait and watch for more time in terms of how the things are shaping up. 
As far as the capacity is concerned, even though the capacities are coming up, but they are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Voltas Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
coming in the, I would say, size of 1 million and around 1.5 million, which means even I take 
the Indian air condition market itself, forget about refrigerator and others, which is itself heading 
towards in this current year, if everything goes well, around 10 million. And all this capacity put 
together will still fall short of what probably industry requires. So, we are reading both import 
and domestic market will be there for the sourcing of the compressor. 
Yes, if you are subsiding the JV some advantage would have slowly in terms of control of the 
product and the design I would say, securing the sourcing of the components. However, ol 
vthough it's not there, we can have a long-term kind of arrangements with any of the 
manufacturer, as we all know. GMCC also now started manufacturing, their commercial 
production is expected now and in fact, our news is already started in the quarter four. So all 
these options are available for the brand in order to secure the long-term sourcing arrangement 
for this component. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And just one last thing on the capex for FY '23, which is about INR180 crores, INR190 crores. 
Is it primarily in the UCP business itself? And then for the outlook that you gave of about 
INR350 crores to INR450 crores for the next 18 months, would it be roughly possible to give us 
a split across the major projects into which that amount is being invested? 
Management: 
It will be there only on two projects, which is commercial refrigerator and the air conditioner, 
both will be on the production capacity expansion. And along with this PLI benefit, PLI 
application which we made, which includes a backward integration or I would say corporate 
manufacturing as well at the Greenfield project at Chennai. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That brings us to the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand 
the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital for closing comments. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, I was just trying to thank the management for giving us an opportunity to host the call and 
wishing you all the very best and also thanks to all the participants for being on the call. Sir, any 
closing remarks from your side? 
Management: 
No, in fact, we're grateful to have these questions coming from the participants. I'm sure one 
hour will be differently short for the participants, which are in tune of which are a number in 
excess of 100, 200. So we are open for any kind of question answers, which we could not cover 
up in this -- during this investor call. And I wish all of you a good day and hope that each one 
of you will have a Voltas product or a Volt Bek product in your home during this season period 
of time. Have a great day to all of you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
