 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LTD. 
R 
 
Registered Office: 
8110, GIDC Industrial state, 
Sachin, SURAT-394 230 
Gujarat, India. 
       Tel.           :   +91-261-2398991-95 
       Fax           :   +91-261-2398996 
        E-mail       :   office@anupamrasayan.com     
Website    :   www.anupamrasayan.com        
CIN  - L24231GJ2003PLC042988 
 
                                  Date: January 30, 2023 
  ARILSLDSTX20230130098 
To,                                                                                  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai -400001, India 
SCRIP CODE: 543275 
To, 
Sr. General Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051, India 
SYMBOL: ANURAS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone 
and Consolidated) of Anupam Rasayan India Limited (“the Company”) for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2022  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of the ’Earnings Call’ 
conference on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2022 held by the Company on Friday, January 27, 2023, for your reference 
and record.   
 
This information is also being hosted on the Company’s website at www.anupamrasayan.com. 
 
We request you to kindly note the same and take into your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
 
Suchi Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.N.: A32822 
 
Encl: As above 
 
              
            
 
Agarwal 
Suchi S
Digitally signed by 
Agarwal Suchi S 
Date: 2023.01.30 
15:45:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KIRAN PATEL – CHAIRMAN – ANUPAM RASAYAN 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. ANAND DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ANUPAM 
RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. AMIT KHURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. VISHAL THAKKAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL THAKUR – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Thakur. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Thakur: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Hello, and good evening, everyone. I'm pleased to welcome you all to 
Anupam Rasayan's Earnings Call to discuss Q3 FY '23 results. Please note, a copy of all our 
disclosures are available on the Investors section of our website as well as on the stock 
exchanges. Anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or which could 
be construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that 
the company faces. 
Today, from the management side, we have with us Dr. Kiran Patel, Chairman; Mr. Anand 
Desai, Managing Director; Mr. Amit Khurana, CFO; Mr. Vishal Thakkar, Deputy CFO. 
Now I hand over the call to Dr. Kiran Patel for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Kiran Patel: 
Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the Q3 FY '23 Earnings Call. Wishing you all a happy, 
healthy and a prosperous new year. As we step into 2023, the macroeconomic environment 
remains fairly uncertain with clouds of recession threatening the global market. As I was 
mentioning, the economy is in turbulence and the elevated inflation, continued war in Ukraine, 
coupled with the high risk for leading economies entering into recession. 
Despite the global challenges, I'm very pleased to report that Anupam's product portfolio is 
performing very well.  
(Due to unstable line of Dr. Kiran Patel, Moderator handed over the call to Mr. Anand Desai, 
Managing Director of Anupam Rasayan Limited)  
Moderator: 
 
I now request Mr. Anand Desai to please take over. 
Anand Desai: 
Yes. Thank you, Dr. Patel. And sorry, and apologies to the audience for Dr. Patel's problems in 
his communication. Hello, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 FY '23 earnings 
call. I would like to wish you a very Happy New Year, and I hope that the new calendar year 
brings with it better opportunities for all of us. 
Before I discuss the business performance for the quarter, I would like to highlight that after the 
fire at our Unit-6 in Sachin, we have been able to get revocation of the closure orders and 
approval to restart the plant from the regulatory authorities. 
Now coming to business updates. During the quarter, our growth was lower than usual, primarily 
due to shutdown of one of our plants. If you adjust for the same, then our growth would have 
been around 25% during the quarter. Since the plant has restarted, I'm confident that we'll 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
witness robust growth in our sales in Q4 FY '23. I'll let Amit bhai and Vishal bhai take you 
through the financials in detail in their opening remarks. 
As we continue to grow and consolidate our position, expansion of our management bandwidth 
would be a key to this process. I'm delighted to inform you that we will continue to expand our 
business development team, and we have added 11 people with huge experience in the past of 
working in different MNC's across our key geographies and target companies. 
We continue to build a strong business with our existing customers by gaining wallet share and 
with a new team in place, I'm confident that this will help our customers, both existing and new 
in a much better way and further expand the client base.  
Our total products tally has now reached to 50 with commercialization of one more product 
under LOI during the quarter. Until now, we have commercialized a total of four core products 
under LOI's and contracts, and we will commercialize the remaining products in the coming 
quarters. 
Now coming to the pipeline for the products. We have a strong pipeline of products to be 
commercialized during Q4. We are further planning to launch five products in Q4, and majority 
of them will be in the fluorination chemistry. 
Before I conclude, I'd like to highlight that customer interactions have been very encouraging. 
We have specifically seen strong interest from various customers on the fluorination side. We 
continue to work with our customers and expect more conclusion of LOIs for new products and 
conversion of LOIs into contracts in these coming quarters, which would further increase our 
revenue visibility for the coming years. 
And to conclude, we see strong growth in coming quarters and years on the back of a robust 
pipeline of products we launched, restart of Unit-6 during the quarter and expansion in capacity 
to cater to this demand. 
With that, I would like to hand over the floor to our CFO. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Khurana: 
Thank you, Anand. Good evening, everyone. As Anand sir has mentioned, our capex is going 
on as per plan. In last nine months, we have invested over INR 100 crores in various capex 
projects, including brownfield expansions, R&D facility and solar project. We expect this 
brownfield expansion projects to be completed as per the planned schedule. This would provide 
enough capacity for the growth in next three to four years. 
On the working capital side, during the quarter, we generated cash flow from operations of 
around INR 57 crores, which is higher than the PAT for the quarter. We have been highlighting 
this that we will be in a good position to generate strong cash flow as we bring down our working 
capital requirements. Therefore, I remain confident that we will generate strong cash flow from 
operations in the coming financial year. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
With this, I hand over the floor to our Deputy CFO, Vishal bhai, who will take you through the 
financials. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Amit bhai. Hello, and Happy New Year to everyone. Thank you for joining us here 
today. I would like to briefly touch upon key performance highlights for the quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December 2022 and then we'll open the floor for question and answers. 
Before I proceed, I hope you all have had the chance to go through the detailed presentation 
submitted to the exchanges and uploaded on our website. Kindly note, our numbers for the 
quarter and nine months are consolidated basis also include Tanfac numbers. 
I will first start the standard financials for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Despite 
unavailability of one of our plants, our operating revenues for Q3 FY '23 was at INR 2,862 
million as compared to INR 2,662 million in Q3 FY '22, up 7.5%, driven by volume and price 
growth. EBITDA, including other revenue was at INR 850 million in Q3 FY '23 as compared to 
INR 803 million in Q3 FY '22. Growth of 6% y-o-y, this would translate into an EBITDA 
margins of 29% for the quarter. Profit after tax was at INR 386 million in Q3 FY '23 as compared 
to INR 379 million in Q3 FY '22. 
On a consolidated basis, operating revenue for Q3 FY '23 was at INR 3,827 million, as compared 
to INR 2,662 million in Q3 FY '22, up 44% Y-o-Y. EBITDA, including other revenue was at 
INR 1,080 million in Q3 FY '23 as compared to INR 800 million in Q3 FY '22, growth of 35% 
Y-o-Y. This would translate into 28% EBITDA margin for this quarter. The lower EBITDA 
margins were because low EBITDA margin of Tanfac Industry compared to Anupam's margin. 
Profit after tax was at INR 544 million in Q3 FY '23 as compared to INR 379 million in Q3 FY 
'22, a growth of 44% Y-o-Y. Please note, consolidated numbers for Q3 FY '22 does not include 
Tanfac Industries number. 
Moving on to segment-wise performance for the Q3 FY '23. Our Life Sciences segment 
contributed around INR 231 crores while other specialty chemicals contributed to INR 52 crores. 
In percentage terms, Life Sciences segment contributed 82% of the total revenue and the balance 
came from other specialty chemicals. 
As far as revenue breakup is concerned in terms of geographies. In Q3 FY '23, the contribution 
from Europe was 30%; India, 38%; Japan, 15% Singapore 15% and the remaining 3% came 
from China. Exports for the quarter was around 62% and continues to be a major contributor to 
the revenue. Our top 10 customers contributed to 91% of the total revenue, and there are 24 
products that we provide to them. As mentioned in our previous call, we plan to moderate the 
contribution going forward. And as we introduce more and more products, this concentration is 
going to expand and go further. 
With that being said, we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Securities Private Limited. 
S. Ramesh: 
So you may start with what Anand mentioned in terms of the new products, the emphasis on 
fluorination chemistry. If you can indicate to what extent it will help you in terms of the growth 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
in revenue over the next two years? And what will be the impact on EBITDA margins? That 
will be useful. 
Anand Desai: 
So Ramesh bhai, I would like to just add a brief note first and then on the specifics Vishal can 
take the question. On the brief note on the fluorination side, all these products as we've 
mentioned in the past we have been working on them for last three, four years. The customers 
have asked us about our supply chain as to how we will be building up supply chain, and they've 
asked us that they will go forward on to these products only once we were clear with the supply 
chain. Once the Tanfac was in hand the customers came back to us that yes we can start doing 
the business now. And so that is how all these products are finding place now. 
We understand that there is a time lag to introducing these products, but we have been working 
on these products since last three, four years. It is only that the customers had asked us to start 
the business only once the Tanfac acquisition was in place, which is there now, and this is how 
the business has started. 
I would now ask Vishal bhai to go ahead on the remaining part of the question. Vishal, over to 
you. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Anand bhai. So Mr. Ramesh, what we had mentioned earlier also and based on the 
consulting firms feedback as well that from pipeline that we have been building up and what 
Anand has mentioned, we are looking at a revenue of $220 million to $260 million over next 3 
to 5 years. And we see that revenue starting to build up in next 1 to 2 years and growing further. 
As we had mentioned earlier also, today, 12% to 15% of our revenue comes from fluorination 
chemistry. And as we go, we'll keep on introducing these products, which will only contribute 
to these numbers. 
Coming to the margin side. Typically, these are all high-value products, as Anand had also 
mentioned, and this should have a higher EBITDA margin. However, for the sake of caution, 
we would tend to guide that our EBITDA margin shall continue in the similar range that we have 
seen in the past. I hope that clarifies, Mr. Ramesh. 
S. Ramesh: 
So to get some more light on this, in fourth quarter we will see it adding materially to your 
revenue compared to say, the year-ago level. And if you look FY '24 and '25, if you can just 
indicate out of the $220 million to $250 million over 5 years, how much of that you expect in 
the next 1, 2 years? Will it be equally spread, will it take time? So that will be very useful in 
terms of making estimates from this business over the next two years? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sure. So Mr. Ramesh as we had also mentioned that and what Anand has also initially indicated 
as well, that this takes time A, to commercialize and, B, once it is commercialized, it will have 
its own growth curve to go to the potential. So that's how one should see it. So if you see in the 
early part, we will have a limited contribution. And as we go further, the contribution shall start 
increasing significantly. And that's what we can guide for now. At later stage we can get more 
specific in terms of numbers. But today, we will say that this is how one would want to see this. 
S. Ramesh: 
 
Clarify, the products Anand mentioned in fluorination which were commercialized. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Vishal Thakkar:  
Sorry, I missed your question. 
S. Ramesh: 
Yes. So just to clarify, the number of products which Anand mentioned, you are going to start 
from fourth quarter. Are they just agreements with your customers? Or are they already 
commercialized? Because there's a lead time for commercialization, I was just wondering? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So as what Anand bhai said when we say commercialized, which means that we'll be selling 
them. The question is, it will take its time to come into the volumes that we really like to be. But 
the numbers will start coming in from these quarters as well. 
S. Ramesh: 
We are commercial but the ramp up will take time. I understand. Can I squeeze in one more 
question? Now in terms of capex, what is your view for the full year, this year? And what is the 
plan for FY '24? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So on capex, next year, we are looking at around about INR 300 crores of capex that we would 
be deploying for the next year. And that's the number. And hereafter, we should be looking at 
around another INR 250-odd crores so that we are able to deploy full capex that we have planned 
and declared in the next 18 to 24 months. 
S. Ramesh: 
So finally, can you give us some guidance on how you expect the Tanfac operations and 
investments for capex there? Because we're obviously going to have supply chain increases at 
Tanfac and also adding to our consolidated revenue. So is it possible if you can give us some 
thoughts on Tanfac please? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So Tanfac is a separately listed company. However, let me give you just a bit of a perspective 
from our side. Tanfac will have its own growth journey. They have done a good quarter this 
quarter, and we believe that they should be doing a good set of numbers over the next few years 
as well. They will deploy their own capital and new capex. From Anupam, we are providing 
them with technical expertise as well as marketing expertise and product knowledges to help 
them commercialize products faster and well. 
However, they will have their journey with their own balance sheet financing. And we would be 
using them for our supply chain, and that's where it would be for each of us. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just continuing with the new product launches. The initial comment suggested five more 
products largely for the fluorination business there. The ramp-up, while there will be a gradual 
improvement there, from our product approval stance, one, how many more products should one 
expect here apart from the five that we are planning in this quarter, in Q4? And second, what 
time frame should we consider in terms of visible delta in terms of our revenue growth? 
Vishal Thakkar:  
Anand, would you want to take it? Or shall I take it? 
Anand Desai: 
 
No, Vishal, you go ahead. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Okay. We have around 14 products that are under pipeline, and that's what we are looking at 
commercial launching it in next 12 to 18 months, of which what Anand has mentioned 3 to 5 we 
are looking at it in this quarter itself which is Q4. And we believe that we should be able to 
launch 6 to 8 molecules every year from there on. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And from a product approval perspective, any time lines that you are looking at? Because it will 
be catering to different industries as well, right, agro and other industries? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. So when we are saying commercializing Ankur, we have accounted for the approvals and 
the validation from the customers as well. And this timeline is inclusive of those permissions 
and valuations from the customer as well. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And your revenue guidance of 25% plus, does that include the benefit of these products as well? 
Or these products are top up and the core business will do at 25%? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
No. So for us, fluorination is also core business and Ankur as you rightly identified we are 
looking at it on Anupam basis -- Anupam standalone basis, we are looking at these numbers. 
Tanfac shall be over and above that, but Anupam standalone will be this guidance that we are 
saying. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Fair enough. And just lastly, from a working capital perspective, will this business will be 
very different from the current business and your thoughts there from an improvement 
perspective? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
On the working capital side, we would love to have a business which is more a stable business, 
which is where the business model we will try to keep it same. However, we believe that the 
working capital shall be more efficient than what it is today. And for our core business also, we 
will be looking at a downward trajectory as we have been seeing it and also for these products 
also, we will have a more favorable working capital cycle. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Sir, in the presentation, you have mentioned, you signed two contracts with leading European 
companies in Q3. If you can provide some detail in terms of value and timing? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So thanks Saurabh for this. So Saurabh this is not a very large contract in terms of revenue if 
you were to look at it, there will be around INR 100 crores of revenue that we would look over 
next four to five years. However, what this was more important and why we have highlighted 
this in the presentation as well, is that these are the products where our customers really wanted 
it fast and they were wanting to move out of Europe, and this is a product, which is coming 
straight out of Europe to our portfolio, and we could do it in a very short time period. 
And that's where we were and Europe+1 movement of strategy or whatever, we want to call it 
as, that has now started playing out. And our ability to respond with that agility to serve our 
client was something, which was a testament in this contract. And that's where we just wanted 
to share this with our stakeholders. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
So is it with one of our existing clients? 
Vishal Thakkar:  
Yes. It is with one of our existing clients. Yes, you are right. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
So talking about the overall working capital, you mentioned, you shared trajectory. But in earlier 
call, you mentioned that inventory cycle, if you look at it will come down to FY '21 level. So 
should we expect by end of Q4 that should be the way ahead? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. So fairly we have seen the trajectory well. We see that it should be in the range of 230, 240 
kind of numbers in terms of days that we have been tracking. And one more indicator that I can 
share with you is that for the nine months, we have been able to generate our operating cash flow 
of INR 155 crores. And in this quarter itself we have done INR 57 crores of operating cash flow, 
which is significantly higher than the profit after tax as well. So this itself is also giving us a bit 
of a clear indication on where our working capital is moving. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. And sir, the last one on the gross margin and the other expense. So if I look at gross 
margin, have come off slightly compared to last quarter while if you look at other expense that 
have also reduced. So any specific reason for this? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So I think the way we see our business and the way we try and model our business is that -- as 
we mentioned as well that we tend to work with our customers at PBT levels or at EBITDA 
levels because that's where the thing is, because there are a few products where the cost of goods 
sold is less and overheads are higher, whereas in few products there are cost of goods sold is 
high and the overheads are low. 
However, at PBT or EBITDA level is where we would really discuss and negotiate with our 
customers. And that's the number that remains consistent. So that's where we would tend to be 
there. So I would look at it from that. And depending on the product portfolio, you would see 
that the number of gross margin and overheads would vary from a quarter-to-quarter. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Was there any one-off cost due to fire? 
Vishal Thakkar:  
No, because we are fully insured. So to that extent, there is no cost there. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So first question is, during the nine months, what would be the revenue contribution from the 
LOI's that we signed during FY '22? So as I understand, we signed close to about 2,600 crores 
of LOI's with a four to five-year tenure. So what will be the contribution during nine months? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
LOI's and contracts, these nine months to be around INR 75 crores to INR 80 crores in these 
nine months. And as we go we should be able to ramp it up to at least 200 plus next year. post 
that, so FY '25, we should be able to have a full value of the contracts, so which is basically INR 
475-odd crores coming from these LOI's and contracts. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And excluding the LOI's and contracts, so for our legacy plant or legacy business, what is the 
kind of growth rate that we expect? I mean, these will be additional that will be coming in. Apart 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
from this, obviously, we'll be adding the fluorination products from Q4. So revenues from that 
also will be ramped up. So on the legacy business, what is the growth rate that we target based 
on the -- I think we have also done some debottlenecking based on those assumptions? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So the way to look at it is, these are all product portfolio in my business. So if I were to slice it 
into two and say my legacy business and new business because, every year, our growth will be 
driven by two or three different factors. One is my existing portfolio, giving me a volume and 
price escalation. Two is coming from the newer products that we introduced and also the newer 
chemistry that we introduced. 
But if you look at it, that's where we would suggest our numbers would be historically in terms 
of total growth is where we should be looking at across all the three ones. If you try and slice it 
out, it may not be accretive because there are products which are last year and last quarter, and 
they will have their own ramp up so that will be really challenging. But if I were to give you a 
guidance as we have been giving, we should be able to do a 25%-plus growth rate over the next 
year and you can take those numbers for the future as well. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes, sir. That's helpful. I was just about come on that question in terms of guidance. Just one 
number which I've missed. FY '23 what would be the capex? I think you said FY '24 will be INR 
300 crores and year after that is INR 250 crores, and we have done INR 100 crores during the 
nine months. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
It will be around INR 170- 175 crores kind of a number in terms of capex. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And just one clarification for the next couple of years for the capex, given that our CFO 
is increasing, do we need any additional debt to fund it? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
No. We are fully funded. In fact, I will be generating more cash out of my business because if 
you look at it, I'm fairly funded on the day one. We will need no debt to grow, do the capex that 
we have budgeted for now. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vidit Shah from IIFL Securities. 
Vidit Shah: 
My first question was on the working capital front. Just if you could give us a status update on 
the negotiations that were happening with customers to make billing semiannually? How have 
they gone? How many -- like what percentage of revenue-generating customers have agreed to 
this? And how many have pushed back on it? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, I can say that around 60-odd percent or a little higher than that on contract or revenue, we've 
been able to move that. Others, we are working with them. And as you know, these are all large 
corporates with their own internal systems and processes and so many years of their dealings. It 
will have its own time, but we are moving ahead. And if you see the kind of the operating cash 
flow that you are seeing, this is also a reflection of one of this as well. 
Vidit Shah: 
So 60% of revenue has been moved to six months billing and rest is being negotiated. Is that the 
way to look at it? 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Vishal Thakkar:  
Yes, 60% of contracted revenue, yes, you're right? 
Vidit Shah: 
And on the revenue front, we lost roughly INR 45 crores of revenue due to unavailability of 
capacities. I believe one unit has restarted; one is still pending. So when do you expect that unit 
to be back and running? And how much loss could we anticipate in 4Q? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So I believe that we should be able to start the other unit also soon. We do not see any significant 
loss of revenue coming because of the unavailability of these plants. Maybe if at all it will be 
INR 5 crores to INR 10 crores at max, maybe but I'm not wanting to guide on that number from 
now. Let's just wait for a little bit of time before we can guide on that. But we don't see significant 
ones. We are hopeful to get the permission soon. 
Vidit Shah: 
And just one last question on the capex schedule. The fluorination capex of INR 420 crores. Any 
specific dates when parts of this would be commissioned. 18 to 24 months, I think you've said, 
but when and how much would be commissioned? If you could just delve all into detail into the 
schedule of commissioning of it? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So we are looking at starting one plant by March '24, but see, it's a little out, right? So we have 
a plan, but probably a quarter more, and we will be able to give you a better visibility as well. 
Today, the plan looks like in this timeframe. But please don't hold us with this date until at least 
one more quarter and then we can give more color on that. I hope that's fair and fine. 
Vidit Shah: 
 
No, that's fine. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So you just spoke about one opportunity from a European customer coming to us because of the 
energy crisis and other issues. So is it fair to assume that this order might be sticky in nature and 
it will not -- the customer will not restart the plant once energy prices normalizes in Europe? Or 
how should we look at that revenues? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Okay. if you really look at it, whenever -- two things. Let me make a statement that our 
understanding is that the energy prices -- new normals for the energy in Europe will be different 
than the old normals of the energy in the Europe. And that, I think -- that we believe that should 
play out. However, having said that, I would also say that typically, what we have seen 
historically and also is that once the product moves out of Europe to a country like India or 
China, it doesn't go back. Because these are not like somebody saying, I have a trouble for six 
months, please do work for me and then they take it back. These are more long term in nature, 
they are more strategic in nature and that flow happens. 
If you see this flow, it was not as if that products were not moving from Europe to China and 
India. However, what happens with these kind of events happening, there is a accentuation or 
the hastening of that process that happens. And the products move earlier in the life cycle than 
the later in the life cycle. And that's what we have been seeing, and that's what we were also 
trying to mention by that LOI that we mentioned. And that's the process. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
That's a trend that we are trying to just say that there is some bit of a green shoots or validation 
of that trend that we will be anticipating. And that's what we are saying. So to answer your 
question, we believe that we have a reasonable comfort that the product that comes here doesn't 
go back because we will not take products which are for six months or 12 months. We would 
take products which are for three, five, seven years and lifetime. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, secondly, you also spoke about some more commercialization coming in the fourth quarter 
and the next year. Now are these some new opportunities? Or these are also something that is 
moving out from Europe? How should one look at these kind of opportunities? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So see, if you see, we always have a pipeline. And essentially, we have a product pipeline of 90 
odd products that we have mentioned in our presentation as well. And these are the pipeline -- 
products, which get mature over a period of time. And as we had said in the historical 
conversations as well that 6 to 8 is the kind of a number that we see we will be able to 
commercialize. And these products are the result of the efforts of this product pipeline. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
No, I was just getting like if we are looking from Europe+1 opportunity, are we seeing any 
incremental traction because of that? Or these are the regular businesses which is coming in now 
incrementally? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
No. So you're right. So that we are seeing in two different paths if you were to see. Europe+1, if 
you were saying then we will talk about that. One is that the new inquiries of newer products is 
coming in more and more, and our pipeline is getting more and more wider and more fuller in 
that sense. However, that takes 6, 9, 12, 18, 24 months to really get into a commercialization 
path, right? 
Second thing, what happens is that what we were talking to them earlier, and what they were 
looking at in, let's say, doing a transfer in '24 or '25 has moved to '24 so the period has got a little 
pulled up is the one. And two is they have also come and improved the volume projection that 
they have given. So like in few contracts we are seeing that the committed volumes has gone up. 
So there are two level of a positive that we can see here. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ratish Varier from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Ratish Varier: 
Yes. Just had one question with respect to working capital. There have been earlier a couple of 
questions, but just to get some clarity, even a couple of calls back, you had mentioned that -- if 
I'm not wrong, you had mentioned that because of various global supply chain issues, etcetera, 
we are holding on to higher inventory as per the customer requirement. And second, the earlier 
participant, one of the questions you had answered now that six months contracts were more 
upwards of 50%, more than 50%. 
So I'm just trying to understand where do we see our working capital settling over the next two, 
three quarters or next year? And all this 60% of coming in six months, how should we look at it 
from the working capital perspective? Number one. And second, regarding the earlier question 
of this normalization of inventory, how much of that would have got normalized? And how 
much more do you expect? Just kind of give us some thoughts on those. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sir, on the inventory side, if you look at it, the numbers, as we have mentioned, that these 
numbers are dropping, and it will continue, the number of days for the inventory will continue 
to drop. The number we've guided for the full year is around 230, 240 kind of a number. And as 
we enter the next year, we will see the trajectory continuing. And we should be looking at 
numbers going further down and around down -- to around 200 and below over a period of next 
three to six quarters – three to five quarters. 
Ratish Varier: 
So the six months when you are saying, how it is impacting our working capital?  
Vishal Thakkar: 
See when we do our annual pricing then you need to stock up accordingly, right? Because you 
have a one fixed price and you don't typically get the one fixed priced from our suppliers. And 
even if they give you there for a month or two or three. So we need to hold inventory in that 
sense. But at the moment, you go to six months, that requirement of the inventory holding to 
hedge the price reduces to that extent. And that further translates into a lesser working capital 
intensity on -- in terms of inventory. 
Ratish Varier: 
So because of the -- sorry, one clarification again on this. So because of these six months, how 
much would have our inventory days or working capital reduced? Because now, I think as you 
mentioned 60% is more towards six months, right? So compared to last year now, what would 
have been the benefit? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
See, there are multiple factors playing out. One is your cost of inventory dropping down. Two 
is your -- the six-month pricing structure. And three is also the inventory is dropping because of 
the pure cost of inventory dropping as price of the reinventory dropping as well. So I'm not able 
to put one point, one finger and said this is the exact number because of this. 
However, in total, as we said, we have been able to reduce it, what we mentioned in the last 
quarter as well, and we believe that the total number will come down to this level, what we have 
said. So apologies, if I am not able to give you an absolute number, but that will be a little 
difficult to answer that today. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Affluent Assets. 
Pankaj: 
Sir, in answer to one of the participants you mentioned that the total opportunity -- the order 
book for your fluorination business would be around $200 million to $220 million. I suppose 
this would be over a period of four, five years cumulative. So just wanted to understand, is this 
-- would this business be repeating again? Or it will be onetime business? 
Second question is, we have a pipeline of 6 to 8 molecules launch every year, as you mentioned. 
Currently, we are having margins of around 28%, 30%. So how sustainable are these margins in 
wake of these launches? 
And third question is given that the top 10 customers of us contribute around 90%, 91% of our 
revenues, what are we doing to rationalize this? 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So first is when we mentioned that it is $220 million to $240 million, we are talking about that 
annual revenue that we are talking about. That is the first thing. And so we believe that, that 
number continues because if you see historically, the product that we sell today, we continue to 
sell it for a longer term and longer tenure. So that's the first answer to the question. Second, I 
missed your question. Can you please repeat the second question, please? 
Pankaj: 
Well, the question was our top 10 customers contribute 91% of the revenues. What do we do to 
rationalize this, rather reduce this dependency? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So if you look at this trajectory has been there, if you see the earlier five to seven – seven, eight 
years back, our two customers used to contribute 80% to 90% of our revenue. Today, that is 10 
customers. And in terms of products, if you look at it, there are 24 products servicing these 
clients to contribute to 80% to 90% of revenue.  
And as we continue to introduce more and more products and also cater to more and more 
customers, as we have mentioned, as what Anand bhai also said in his opening statement, that 
number will continuously drop further. 
But just to give you one context that if you look at from the agrochemical side, the top 5 
agrochemical players would contribute 70% to 80% of the market. And to that extent, there is 
so much that you can diversify beyond a point in the industry, which is structured in this manner. 
Okay. Having said this, we continue to expand our product customer base also. If you look at it 
today, we have 27 MNC customers with over 70 customers. Today, we have around 50 products. 
So as we expand the number of customers and number of products, that diversification shall 
continue to happen. 
Pankaj: 
Sir, you mentioned that $200 million, $220 million of revenues from fluorination is annual 
number. So this asset would be maybe five years down the line. So do you mean to say five 
years down the line fluorination would be as big as what our business currently is? 
And one other question is that since you are launching 6 to 8 molecules every year, how 
sustainable are our margins to the tune of 28%, 30%? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So first, yes. The answer to your first question on fluorination, yes, fluorination will be a sizable 
business for us. So that's something, which I agree with you. As we launch new and new products 
that continues. However, if you see historically also, we've been introducing multiple number of 
products, and we have been able to maintain the margins.  
We believe that we will be able to hold this margin and the way we do our business where we 
have a lot of value addition, we do complex chemistry with multiple steps in terms of processes, 
which will let us have the margins that we have been asking to our customers. And that's that 
model where we do a transparent cost plus model where we expect this kind of a margin, and 
that's how we do our business. So we don't see that number changing anything significantly 
coming around. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
S. Ramesh: 
So one of the thoughts I had when you compare the second quarter with third quarter, your sales 
revenue has declined more than the decline in the cost of goods sold, including the change in 
inventory. So the sales has declined by INR 28-odd crores. The cost of goods sold has declined 
by INR 10 crores. So is there a lag in the kind of pricing you're taking? Or is it that some of the 
products are enjoying lower margins in this quarter? How do you explain this -- on a sequential 
basis, on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. Ramesh, it is more to do with product mix because what are the products which we've sold, 
as I was mentioning earlier also, that as the product mix changes there a few products which 
have a higher gross margin and lower overheads versus lower gross margin and higher 
overheads. So it's all to do with the product mix that is there. Nothing really has been changed 
in terms of ability to pass the prices, otherwise. And that's where if you look at from an EBITDA 
point of view, our EBITDA percentages will be similar to what we have in Q2 as well, right? 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So let me just take this discussion further. In the context of this global slowdown, 
recession, and the commodity deflation, we are seeing prices across chemicals falling, should 
we assume that in your contracting business, you're not likely to see any inventory losses or the 
cost of high cost inventory hurting margins, say, maybe for one or two quarters? 
And if you are able to ramp up your volumes and higher margins, that should then translate into 
higher margins, is that the way to understand? Because in chemicals typically when you have 
one or two quarters of prices coming down, there is a high cost inventory which hurts your 
margins. So is that risk less because of your structure in terms of your reliance on the contracting 
business? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes, you are right. That's the case because my customers know what quantity I bought for them 
and at what price I bought for them. So that is pass-through and that does not lead to any impact 
or any inventory write-downs or write-ups for us. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just one question in terms of guidance. So in nine months, we have done top line growth of about 
21%. And earlier, the last quarter, we were guiding close to about 30% plus. So what is the 
guidance for FY '23? And I think for FY '24, you had mentioned 25% plus guidance. So just 
wanted to have what would be the base for FY '23? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So FY '23, see I don't want to really guide an exact number because that would not be a very 
ideal way of saying that. But if you see that number of 21%, we should be able to go at least 300 
to 400 bps more than this number for an annual basis. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
All right. And just one more clarification. Again, on the sequential basis, there is an absolute 
interest cost has reduced by a couple of crores. So is it because of the working capital coming 
down? And would this be a run rate which we can take it forward? 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So yes, you're right, that is an efficiency in the working capital that is reflected in the interest 
cost. And as we improve that, this should improve as well. But just mind you that we are also 
doing capital deployment and also growing, but right now, that number should look at in this 
range. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, one more question in terms of the demand. Are we witnessing any demand slowdown in our 
existing orders or any indications because we have got a lot of people talking about high 
inventory buildup across the channel. So any sense on that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So as we had mentioned in last question as well, few questions back that right now we are not 
seeing any revising in the demand outlook from our customers. And as we said also, the business 
normally is such that we will have a long-term visibility of these volumes. 
And secondly, if you really look at it, for us, at least, we have seen that the net effect from Europe 
situation has been beneficial for us. As I also mentioned that on a few of the contracts when we 
revised, we got a higher volume. So they have upped it and that's something that we are 
witnessing for now. So for now, I would not say that we have any down revisions or any 
cautionary indications that we have got from our customers. 
Siddharth Gadekar:  
And have you received indicative volumes for FY ‘24 that is still pending? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
As I said right that we have a visibility, the contracts have a business and the volume is 
practically there and it's about the price that we revise every six and 12 months as the case 
maybe. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So in terms of volume, we don't see any major issues going ahead also, at least for the next three 
to four quarters. Would that be a fair assessment? 
Vishal Thakkar:  
That's a fair assessment. That's a fair assessment. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. We apologize 
to the participants who did not get the chance to ask questions due to time limit. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, everyone, for your questions. We hope we have been able to answer most of your 
queries. If you missed out on any questions or queries, kindly reach out to us through our IR 
advisers, EY, and we'll be happy to get back to you on an off-line basis. Hope you have a good 
weekend. Look forward to your continued support in our growth journey. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anupam Rasayan India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
