 
 
RKL/SX/2022-23/97 
February 20, 2023 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: RADICO 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on February 15, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Call held on February 15, 2023, for the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
Quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2022.  
 
The same has also been uploaded on our website at www.radicokhaitan.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
(Dinesh Kumar Gupta) 
Vice President – Legal &  
Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Bareilly Road, Rampur-4490l (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No-L26941UP1983PLC027278 
DINESH 
KUMAR GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
DINESH KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2023.02.20 
17:25:23 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Third Quarter and Nine Month FY2023  
Earnings Conference call 
February 15, 2023 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Radico Khaitan 
Limited Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchstone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Shah from 
Dolat Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Thank you Inba. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital 
we welcome you all to Q3 FY2023 earnings conference call of Radico 
Khaitan. We would like to thank the management to give us the 
opportunity to host the call. On the call we have with us Mr. Abhishek 
Khaitan - Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha - Chief Operating Officer, 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya - Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sanjeev Banga - 
President International Business from the management team. Let me 
now hand over the floor to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q3 FY2023 results conference call. I hope you are all doing well and 
keeping safe.  
Radico Khaitan has delivered another quarter of a consistent financial 
performance driven by a robust brand portfolio and excellent 
execution capabilities. We are pleased with the performance of our 
premium brands. During the nine months of FY2023, our Prestige & 
Above category brands have shown robust growth including the core 
brands such as Magic Moments Vodka and Morpheus Brandy where 
YTD volumes have surpassed the full year FY2022 numbers.  
In January 2023, Morpheus Brandy achieved sales volume of one 
million cases and entered the prestigious ‘Millionaire’ brands club. This 
becomes our sixth brand to sell a million case annually. I would also 
like to highlight that 1965, Spirit of Victory Rum which we had launched 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
five years ago is also likely to touch a million-case sales volume in 
FY2023. 
 
During the year, we launched After Dark Blue in a contemporary 
packaging and positioned in the deluxe category. It is doing extremely 
well and is going to be one of the core premium brands going forward. 
During the last quarter, we had discussed the launch of a new 
expression of Rampur Indian Single Malt Jugalbandi, a series of eight 
Indian single malt cask strength whiskies. We are very excited about 
the response it has received in the international market. Retailing at 
$400 per bottle, the first two expressions of the series are sold out.  
We recently placed Jaisalmer Gold Gin at the Dubai Duty Free and are 
receiving very good consumer response. Radico Khaitan will continue 
to expand the Jaisalmer brand equity in the domestic as well as the 
international markets. 
 
While the raw material scenario still remains volatile, we have seen 
early signs of deflation in certain commodities. We have recently 
received price increases in the state of Kerala, Rajasthan and pursuing 
in some southern states. With the recent price increases coupled with 
a favorable product mix, we were able to mitigate margin headwinds 
in the IMFL business to a large extent.  
The impact of the cost push has been much severe in the non-IMFL 
business where we have received price increases in the state of Uttar 
Pradesh. This will support the profitability expansion in FY2024. 
 
We are pleased to report that during January 2023, we have 
commissioned the dual feed plant at Rampur and also started bottling 
operations at Sitapur within the committed timelines and estimated 
capex budget. As we continue to drive our premiumization journey, 
the availability of additional grain-based ENA will strengthen our value 
proposition. The bottling plant at Sitapur positions us strongly to 
capitalize on the future growth opportunities in the branded business. 
 
Radico Khaitan is progressing firmly on the path of its exciting 
premium brand creation journey which will be accentuated by a strong 
backward integration manufacturing platform. Going forward, we 
continue to focus on our long-term plans of premium IMFL portfolio 
expansion with the new brands introduction in both white and brown 
spirits and leveraging the benefits of our capital investments.  

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed 
operational and financial review. Thank you and over to you Dilip! 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call 
today.  
During the third quarter of FY2023, we reported total IMFL volume of 
6.99 million cases, which is flat on Y-o-Y basis. Prestige & Above 
category volume grew by 14.1%. In value terms, Prestige & Above 
category registered 19.1% growth. Prestige & Above category accounts 
for 42.4% of the IMFL volume compared to 33.3% in Q3 of FY2022. Our 
Prestige & Above category volumes represented a double-digit CAGR 
compared to the pre-COVID levels. We have rationalized volume of 
regular category brands. This is a conscious strategic decision to 
mitigate input cost pressure. Had it not been done; our volume growth 
would have been higher. Furthermore, we have also seen certain RTM 
changes impacting the industry volume temporarily.  
Net revenue from operations during Q3 FY2023 was Rs. 792 Crores 
representing an increase of 4.7% compared to Q3 of FY2022. During 
this period, IMFL sales value increased by 2.4%.  
Gross margin during the quarter was 41.3% compared to 41.6% in Q2 
FY2023 and 45.5% in Q3 FY2022. On Y-o-Y basis, continued commodity 
inflation resulted in gross margin compression, particularly in non-
IMFL business. Given a favorable product mix change, impact on cost 
push on gross margin of the IMFL business was mitigated to a large 
extent.  
On Q-o-Q basis, margins have remained relatively flat. The 
compression is due to the full impact of glass price increase given in 
Q1 and ongoing inflation in ENA cost.  
We have experienced inflation in ENA and glass. On Q-o-Q basis, ENA 
prices have increased by 5%. We have also seen a 12% increase in glass 
cost from the middle of Q3 FY2023. However, certain commodities 
such as PET, resin, paper, etc., have seen early signs of softening. In 
the near term, we expect raw material pricing situation to remain 
volatile.  
In the near term, EBITDA margin is expected to be range bound. In the 
long term, we are confident of continuing our margin expansion 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
trajectory given our portfolio of premiumization and backward 
integration.  
During the year, the company has spent Rs.472 Crores on Rampur 
Dual Feed and Sitapur Green Field projects, therefore, the total capex 
of Rs.541 Crores incurred since inception.  
We have a strong financial position, comfortable liquidity and during 
these times, we are taking all necessary steps to sustain our financial 
strength, maintain robust business model and grow consistently, 
competitively and profitably.  
With this we will now open the lines for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have one question. If you could give 
us the gross margin bridge or the loss in gross margin of about 400 
basis points in the quarter and let us say 400 odd basis points in nine 
months considering the fact that the Prestige & Above is now almost 
60% of our business and has moved about 8-9% in nine months and 
has moved up 10% swing in as a percentage of sales in the Q3, if you 
could give the bridge as to where this 400 bps gross margin loss is 
coming and if you would portion it out to IMFL, non-IMFL, within IMFL, 
regular and others, if you could just give that bridge? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
First of all, as we said that the main reason for the gross margin 
compression is the inflation in the input cost. The compression in the 
three months and nine months is almost 400 basis points. We have 
received the price increase with the various states, 8 to 9 states put 
together roughly to the tune of around 300 basis points. So as an 
overall macro, the gross margin has impacted by 700 to 900 basis 
points looking at the premiumization and other things. However, in 
non-IMFL, which was the main reason of the drag, we have received 
recently the price increase in the UP-excise policy, which will make the 
non-IMFL business from a negative EBITDA to a positive EBITDA and 
that will support us in the future to retain our margin back to mid-
teens.   
As far as the regular portfolio is concerned, this quarter has been a 
little exception from the point that there has been various reasons for 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
a de-growth in the regular category, some of them can be attributed 
to the RTM change, some of them rationalization of the portfolio in 
view of the cost pressure and this is temporary. I think when the cost 
pressures come back to a normal level, we will again regain our volume 
in the regular category as well.  
So, I say that with this price increase in non-IMFL, which was negative 
to positive, we will be able to get back to mid-teens margin levels and 
then as we have already guided that with this kind of premiumization 
luxury portfolio and a lot of other levers for 2023-2024, we will be back 
in 2 to 3 years’ time in the late teens kind of EBITDA margins. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, within that when you said, you got 3% price hike, what was the 
corresponding cost inflation that you saw? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As I said that when gross margin has compressed 400 basis points this 
is an impact, which has been compensated by 300 basis points from 
the IMFL business. I cannot quantify exactly, but it should be around 
900 basis points or so on the gross margin side. It is complex with so 
many things because ENA price has increased continuously, year-on-
year, the impact of ENA prices is 25% plus. The glass prices have 
increased by 25% to 30% plus, where first price increase came in the 
first quarter of the current financial year and the second price increase 
came in the middle of this quarter. Hence, it is difficult to quantify, but 
this is reflected very much in the gross margins. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, for a 3% price increase that you got, the corresponding cost 
increase was 9% that is what you mentioned? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
I say that in IMFL business to a large extent, able to mitigate the cost 
push by product premiumization and the price increase which has 
been done. But in non-IMFL, it will be reflected in 2023-2024. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, that I understood Sir. So, if your first observation is that to a large 
extent the price increase plus product mix has mitigated the impact 
then which means the gross margin correction is largely then relevant 
to the non-IMFL portfolio right? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
I say that it has been partly compensated this year by price increase 
and product premiumization. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
How much price increase have you got in non-IMFL and when will it 
start flowing, it will start flowing from Q4 or it will start flowing from 
next year? 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The delta of that is around 15% and from a negative EBITDA, it will 
come in single digit positive. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, there is a 15% price hike which is right and when will this price 
increase flow into your numbers Q4 or next year? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, it will be effective the first month of the new fiscal, which is 1st April. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I understood. Thank you. I am done with my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. We will take our next question from the line 
of Vaibhav Gupta from Bowhead Investment Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand if we take into account the royalty 
volumes and then calculate the growth rate, it seems the adjusted 
volume growth in P&A segment is 30% plus Y-o-Y, so just wanted to 
understand, what led to this type of growth and which brands are the 
major contributor? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, you are absolutely right. If you add back the royalty brands, which 
is in the base, so it will come to 30% plus, you are absolutely right and 
the flagship brands Magic Moments, Morpheus, 8PM, 1965, 
Ranthambore, everything is growing and it is well spread out across 
regions. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Okay. 
Amar Sinha: 
But in terms of royalty that you are talking about, it is largely Morpheus 
Brandy, 8PM Premium Black and Magic Moments. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Okay, Sir. Got it and which brands can we expect to be in the 
millionaire club in 2023 and 2024 like apart from Morpheus and 1965, 
is there any other brand which is in the running? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
2023-2024, we will actually assess again the situation, but definitely as 
said earlier in the first opening remarks, one brand which is close to 
this will cross in this year 2023. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Okay Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kaustubh 
Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Thanks for taking the opportunity. Sir, my first 
question is on your earlier comment about the changes in trade 
margins affecting the volumes of the regular brands, so can you just 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
elaborate that point that what kind of changes have been happened in 
the trade margins, which led to this volume moderation in Q3? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We said two things, one is the changes in RTM of certain states where 
the supplies were affected in this quarter and there are 3-4 states,  
Delhi, Punjab, etc. Second is consciously as a strategic decision 
because of the input pressure, there are certain brands which are not 
making money and that has been curtailed/reduced, so this is another 
factor. So, once we see that either price increases happen in those 
price segments and the RTM change is just a temporary phenomenon, 
I think in a month or 2 months, it will come back to the normal. So, we 
will in next year be back on some growth in the regular segment 
though our focus is Prestige & Above category, but this is an 
exceptional de-growth in this quarter. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
My second question is on margins. You mentioned that once this price 
increase in non-IMFL segment gets through, you see margins coming 
back to mid-teens maybe in first half of FY2024, but when can we see 
also the benefit of this new facilities serving in because that was also 
supposed to add to your benefit from Q4 so can you just give us some 
kind of guidance in terms of when can we see those benefits coming 
in and how it will help your margins to shape up in the quarters ahead? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we said that there are various factors, one is the backward 
integrated facilities will come into stream and that will support the 
branded business. Rampur Indian Single Malt and Jaisalmer volumes 
are rising and at this point of time, it is on allocation in global as well 
as in Indian market. We have already rolled out Rampur Indian Single 
Malt in defense also, that will get momentum because we are not able 
to supply at this point of time. The natural growth in our premium 
portfolio will happen. UPML and CL will also reflect single digit EBITDA 
margin. So, all put together will play a combined role in making the 
margin next year in mid-teens to better, as we were earlier in 16% kind 
of category before 2021. We will be back on those streams and in due 
course of time, our target to achieve in high teens should definitely be 
on course. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right Sir and one last on the Prestige & Above brand volume growth. 
So, if we look into this quarter, we have achieved a volume growth of 
14% and last quarter it was around 22%, so there is a bit of moderation 
in the volume growth so any particular reason for this or this is like a 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
phase out effect from, you still maintain the guidance of volume 
growth of around 18% to 20% in this space? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, P&A growth continues to be strong this quarter it has been 14%, 
but you see as we said that there were certain markets in Q3 where 
we deliberately tempered, moderated our volumes because there was 
a route to market change that was happening. So, it is purely because 
of that, but the quarter-to-quarter the variation is a little, it is 
something that we do not look at, we maintain our mid and long-term 
guideline of maintaining more than 15% growth on P&A. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Got it Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from 
Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir just wanted to understand a bit 
more on the volume growth. If I have to adjust for the RTM changes 
what would be the volume growth we would have, in the overall 
portfolio? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The impact of that is roughly 600 basis points. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Secondly just wanted to check on our employee cost, which has 
actually risen by almost 20% plus during the quarter so wanted to 
check what would be the run rate going forward? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the normal increase will be between 11% to 13%, but this quarter 
there has been an incentive also, which cannot be worked out in 
advance so this has been charged in this quarter. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Sonaal from 
Bowhead. Please go ahead. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
So firstly, hearty congratulations on volume growth, which seems to 
have been exception similar to the consumer companies. I had two 
queries Sir. Firstly, the volume which you have lost in the regular 
category, how easy would it be for you to get these back as and when 
you choose to as and when the inflation is under control or you get 
price hikes? Secondly, I also wanted to understand your long-term 
guidance is 15%, but you are growing 30% this quarter so 30% 
equivalent to two years of growth so I wanted to understand like is this 
30% growth an exception or just 15% a more conservative kind of 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
guidance or how do I read when I see your numbers and lastly you 
mentioned something about the incentive so while incentive may be a 
yearly phenomenon, but is there any seasonality in this, like this is a 
Q3 number, it may not come in Q4 or Q1 of next year how do I read 
this increase in employee cost? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So Sonaal, first thing first, as far as the regular category is concerned, 
as we have already explained and I again reiterate that there has been 
a couple of factors, RTM change, cost pressures and all that, but in 
normal course it should be in the range of 3% to 5% when normalcy 
returns and we will regain this thing because our brands in the regular 
category are also robust. At this point, the new launches are being 
done in P&A category, but the existing regular brands will be able to 
take that much of growth. As far as your second question is concerned, 
as we guided that we will be having a 15% CAGR growth next year when 
the base impact of the royalty will also stabilize on a Y-o-Y basis, so the 
15% is what we guide for, if the industry and other things also grows 
which is a structural phase then we will see that it can be even higher. 
You are absolutely right that this quarter it has been better because all 
brands and if you see the vodka, which was growing in single digits. In 
the premium vodka there has been a good growth and mainly driven 
by Magic family. So, we have seen a fantastic growth in vodka, 
Morpheus has been growing very well, 1965 is the brand which is 
growing very well in civil market as well as in defense. 8PM Premium 
Black in 3-4 years we have crossed 2 million and again growing by a 
very good margin expect close to 3 million cases by 2023. So, I think it 
is a robust brand portfolio. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Just one comment if you allow me. This vodka growth you mentioned 
about vodka growth much higher than this 30% and is it because of 
the base impact because vodka is used more in pubs or if you remove 
the vodka also the growth remains healthy in Q3, secondly what would 
have been your growth in exports in the first 9 months and in Q3? 
Thank you. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
As far as the vodka segment if you see like post-COVID vodka is more 
of day drinking and going out and drinking and everything. Now with 
the economy opening up vodka has grown a lot because the outdoor 
drinking and going out has increased. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
As far as export growth in terms of volume, we have been kind of 
stable like last year but in terms of value we have grown. In terms of 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
volume growth despite all the headwinds that were happening in 
Africa, which is a large market for us especially in the regular brands 
that we have there have been ‘n’ number of problems, be it in terms of 
the devaluation of the currencies, availability of forex. Also, the ocean 
freight rates increased tremendously so because of that we had to 
hold back a lot of shipments especially into the African market or the 
Central American markets, but now the freight rates have more 
stabilized, the currency still remains a bit of an issue in Africa, but we 
do expect growth to come back.  
Meanwhile what has happened is that the European and the US 
markets where the on-trade opened up, our luxury portfolio is doing 
exceedingly well in all those markets. So, value term, profitability wise 
we are much healthier than last year, but volume yes, we have taken 
an impact on the lower range of our export offerings. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Minus the vodka would you still be growing at a healthy growth rate or 
the entire growth rate of 30% was driven by vodka or if I remove the 
vodka can I still say that you would have grown 25%, 30% for Q3 
specifically and secondly my question regarding the employee cost 
and your outlook for exports do we expect exports to grow now 
considering the freight rates have fallen by almost 90% on some 
routes? 
Amar Sinha: 
On your question if you leave aside Magic Moments Vodka whether 
we would still continue to maintain the growth rate the answer is 
absolutely yes because all our Prestige & Above brands are growing at 
a very, very healthy rate and the response from the consumer in the 
marketplace is unprecedented. So, this clubbed with the launch like 
Royal Ranthambore, Dazzle, Morpheus Brandy, 8PM Premium Black, 
After Dark the newly launched brand all taken together, we see these 
brands responding extremely well in the growth rate to be maintained. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of export, we see the growth coming back very soon because 
the freight rates you are absolutely right have stabilized, the only issue 
is a bit on the currency, but that is also getting more and more stable 
now, so we do expect our volumes to come in very soon back to the 
growth trajectory. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As far as your question about employee cost is concerned, again the 
growth will be in the range of 10% to 12%. 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Sonaal Kohli: 
When you take a base you mean this quarter employee cost does it 
have one-off incentive, what this number, whatever incentive was in 
this quarter that should come also in Q4, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 of next year? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, this is actually cumulatively being given in this quarter. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Okay. Understood. So, there is an element of one-off. 
Saket Somani: 
This pertains to the last year, which has been paid out in Q3 so you 
should look at YTD number for the base. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Nikhil 
Chaudhary from Kriss Portfolio Management Service. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been 
answered. Sir just probably confirming like you alluded that the 
regular and other category growth will be coming back in the coming 
quarters right as soon as you said the RTM will be resolved in a month 
or two so probably, we will start seeing growth from the coming 
quarters, right? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we said this also depends on the inflation and the contribution that 
we can make and this has been consciously and strategically done that 
we have degrown in certain markets. But we feel that with the cost 
impact, when we are able to have the positive contributions in certain 
percentage, we will be able to cater with these brands. The brands are 
robust it is not because of the brand saliency it is because of the 
contribution being made and as far as RTM is concerned, it is a 
temporary phase. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Got it Sir. Thank you so much. That is, it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vikas Tulsyan from 
Vision Ahead. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir when is your ready-to-mix vodka 
will be launched or it has already been launched, if it has already been 
launched, what is the response and what does the management 
expect from this product? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, what we are talking about is what vodka cocktail. So first of all, it 
has been launched in Karnataka and that too in premium outlets of 
Bengaluru. The response has been extremely encouraging and seeing 
the response we are now planning to extend it to Maharashtra, Daman 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
and Goa and the brand is in fact responding more than what we had 
expected. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
It will take some market share from beer also that you are expecting 
little bit? 
Amar Sinha: 
Let me explain one thing. The purpose of launching vodka cocktail is 
very simple one because cocktails have traditionally been made out of 
vodka in our country and nobody had taken the first move so far we 
have taken the first-mover advantage. We are the only vodka cocktail 
available right now. Secondly the purpose of launching this product 
category is to build an aura around the Magic brand. This brand in the 
hands of youngsters, the new generation will have widespread 
distribution and it will only strengthen the brand equity of Magic. So 
here we are not looking at big huge volumes, but we are looking at 
value and that is what we are finding from the response that we have 
received in Karnataka. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
I think it will be a big product and since FTA has been signed with the 
Australian government you will also target the Australian market? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
We are already in Australia. Our brands are already there in both 
Australia as well as New Zealand. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Okay, thanks 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Krishna from 
Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Krishna: 
My question is on the raw material side so can you give us a clarity on 
like what is the trend you are looking ahead on the raw materials 
especially ENA? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We actually at this point of time cannot comment on the future trend. 
Basically, this has been an inflationary condition on account of the 
grain prices, the fuel prices, etc., but there is definitely a check on that 
because simultaneously the ethanol price is being fixed by the 
government looking into these grains, etc. So otherwise if you say that 
we do not foresee big inflation from here onwards, but I cannot predict 
because the situation at this point of time is also volatile. 
Krishna: 
So, from the capex that we were doing the backward integration, so do 
we see additional benefit because of the situation? 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Capex backward integration benefit will definitely arise and accrue. As 
you see the current producer whosoever sells ENA, inflationary things 
is being reflected in ENA prices so that differential margin should 
continue to be there. 
Krishna: 
What kind of margin improvement we expect from the backward 
integration? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
This has been ranging between Rs.12 a liter to around Rs.16 to Rs.17 a 
liter. 
Krishna: 
Okay. So Rs.4 gap, so we would benefit by Rs.4? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
No. I am talking about in general a producer versus buying from 
outside. 
Krishna: 
So that gives me a bit clarity. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anurag Jain, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Good afternoon. Basically, my question relates to the macro side. The 
imported scotch whiskeys have become cheaper significantly in the 
last few years for example as an illustration if I take the state of 
Haryana, Royal Ranthambore sells for Rs. 1600 a bottle at some 
premium to Red Label or an Irish Whiskey like Jameson so my question 
is how much is the tax incidence on these whiskeys, how does the total 
taxation combined for at the central level and state level compare for 
these three as an illustration, basically my question is to understand 
what is the value generation in local manufacturing for a higher value 
alcoholic drink? Thank you. 
Amar Sinha: 
One of the points that need to be understood is that for companies 
like Radico particularly where the mix is skewed towards Prestige & 
Above premiumization, the reduction of price by BIO brand really does 
not affect us so much because now brands from Radico are being 
positioned at prices higher than market leader, even higher than 
scotch whiskeys and your example is absolutely correct. Royal 
Ranthambore is a burning example. It is India’s finest whiskey now 
positioned much above 100 Pipers. So what I am trying to say is that 
these small aberrations in some states where they reduce prices, it 
does not really affect us so much and we are constantly upscaling our 
selling prices and consumer prices. 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Just to add on to what Amar said our brands today the quality is 
comparable to the finest in the world. Just to give you an example 
Royal Ranthambore were here you comparing to say a Red Label or 
Jameson in US market it is cross lined with Johnnie Walker Black Label 
that is the strength of the liquid that goes into Royal Ranthambore. 
Anurag Jain: 
Basically, what you are saying is that the taxation as such does not 
impact you, reduction in taxation does not impact you for the higher 
value alcoholic drinks? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
The luxury and super premium brands where we are competing in all 
the international markets also. Just to give you an example, the 
minimum price of say a Rampur is about $100 a bottle, which is way 
ahead of all these normal single malts, a 12-year-old or a 15 or 18-year-
old single malt and we are competing in all those markets and still 
cannot meet the requirement of the market. There is so much demand 
for our brands so we would not be too worried about the price 
positioning or the competition over there. All that we need to focus is 
the brand building and that is happening with Royal Ranthambore. 
Anurag Jain: 
Alright Sir and if I take the same question to the popular drinks 
category, which are priced lower and one reason for my question is it 
appears that the competition they are giving up the popular category 
so is there a disadvantage now in manufacturing the popular drinks, 
which have a lower price? 
Amar Sinha: 
I will tell you that basically the drinks that we have in our portfolio in 
the popular or the regular category are robust brands, which have 
withstood the test of time. For example, 8PM is a 10 million cases plus 
family brand so it has a consumer pull and when there is a consumer 
pull, we need to continue to serve our consumers that we have done 
over the decades so we will continue to do that. It is just that for the 
time being the economic pressures, the cost pressures are significant 
and therefore we are moderating our volumes, but yes in the times 
ahead depending upon economic situation we will get back. 
Anurag Jain: 
Alright. So basically, what I wanted to clarify is that amongst all these 
cost pressures, is taxation also a factor that the taxation for an 
imported drink versus what is locally manufactured has reduced so 
much that taxation provides no barrier as such for local manufacturing 
in the lower price drinks category? 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Amar Sinha: 
Imported duty is 150% that has not changed. There are some states 
where the local excise duties have changed on BIO products and it 
does not matter. It does not bother us because we are on a 
premiumization journey. Just to reiterate the point, in Maharashtra 
Royal Ranthambore sells at a price of Rs. 2700 a bottle whereas Red 
Label and Ballantine sell at for Rs. 2100 a bottle so it does not bother 
Radico because our journey is different and we are continuing to 
upscale our premium offering to the consumer with the best in India. 
Anurag Jain: 
Thank you Sir. This is some good insight into the branding for Radico 
Khaitan. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from the line of Dhiraj Mistry 
from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is related to raw 
material prices given that if raw material prices remains at current 
levels when do you expect your EBITDA margin will reach to 15% plus 
or 15.5% margin and what kind of price hike it would be required? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So first of all, actually the product premiumization and price increase, 
which has happened in the non-IMFL business should take us back to 
our historical margin level. So, 2023-2024, I think we will be at the 
historical margin level of 15% plus and if the raw material prices stay 
where it is some price increase will definitely happen in the popular 
category as well because the representation is a continuous process 
by the industry forum with the various state governments. It is a pain 
for everybody. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes, and my understanding is correct that in Q4 also the margin will 
remain subdued given that the effective price hike for non-IMFL 
business is from April? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
You are right, it will remain range-bound. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
What would be your effective tax rate for this year and next year? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
25%. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Any capex guidance for FY2024? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we have already taken these capex projects, and there are projects 
taken on tripling the Gin capacity and those capexes will be matched 
and basically as we have guided that this capex will be funded out from 
the internal accrual as well as taking the loan. So, in next three years 

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
the company should be back on the negligible debt or zero debt kind 
of level. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you. If any other further question I will come back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sumit Agarwal, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Agarwal: 
Congratulations for good set of results. My question is regarding the 
volume share of different liquids like rum, brandy, whiskey in the total 
capacity and which segment is getting more traction? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, you will be amazed. Let me tell you we are in times that after having 
crossed this pandemic era first of all the volumes in India on alcoholic 
drinks have come back to the pre-COVID and they are growing at a 
CAGR of approximately. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We have grown at 11%. 
Amar Sinha: 
Let me tell you what is more amazing is that every category and every 
segment in India is growing. The consumer is looking forward to drink 
eagerly and every segment is growing at a very healthy rate. Whiskey 
for example is growing at a 17% growth rate and that is on a very heavy 
base as well. So, I think what we need to see is that there are good 
times ahead for the drink and industry, we only need to overcome the 
cost pressures and there is no looking back. 
Sumit Agarwal: 
Perfect Sir and my question is that in the Delhi NCR region because 
that is a premium market and a lot of influence on other markets as 
well so are these new launches which are very, very promising like 
Royal Ranthambore, are these also being extensively marketed and 
advertised and distributed in Delhi NCR region because I have not seen 
so much of that? 
Amar Sinha: 
We are extending all these brands into the Delhi market. The Delhi 
route to market is fairly new and it is still settling down and we have 
great hopes from this market in the next 6 months. So yes, the width 
of distribution is being expanded and the brand will be present. 
Sumit Agarwal: 
Perfect. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Lohiya from 
Bowhead India. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Lohiya: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Firstly, I wanted to understand Royal 
Ranthambore is now present in how many states and in next one year 

 
 
 
 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
by end FY2024? How much further can we increase our distribution in 
that? Secondly, you had plans to launch some whiskeys, gin and some 
more products do we see any of those launches in FY2024 or in Q4 
FY2023 and lastly, you mentioned that certain price hikes could 
happen either regular category or in some other states. Is it fair to 
assume that by end of Q1 or Q2 whatever price hikes we are supposed 
to happen would have happened by then this is my third and fourth 
when would you get for Rampur you are supposed to get aged alcohol 
by when do you think you should be able to get that in FY2024 would 
it be second half, first half? 
Amar Sinha: 
On the question relating to Royal Ranthambore’s availability we have 
currently launched it in 12 states. The distribution is taking place in 
primarily A-class outlets but seeing the response we are going to 
expand the width of distribution in new fiscal FY2024 and we will 
expand all India during FY2024 as well. On the issue relating to price 
increase let me tell you the Indian market and different state 
governments have been quite receptive on the issue relating to cost 
pressures and in the last one year more than 15 states have given price 
increases. So, this is a continuous process of representation and I think 
in FY2024 as well some states where we are continuing to represent 
will respond favorably. 
Gaurav Lohiya: 
Sir, lastly, these two questions regarding new launches of whiskeys 
and maybe gin? Are they likely to happen in Q4 FY2023 or in FY2024 or 
some broad, how many kinds of products are you looking at, what is 
the size of pie these products could cater to and on the Rampur the 
alcohol when do you expect that to happen on an incremental basis 
would it happen in the second half of FY2024 or first half of FY2024? 
Amar Sinha: 
So first of all, I want to tell you that we have always maintained that 
new product development is a forte of Radico. All our brands have 
been developed organically. So, it is a continuous process. New 
products are being worked upon. There is one white spirit and one 
brown spirit on which we are working very actively and hopefully in 
FY2024 they should see the light of the day. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of Rampur, we expect the additional volumes to start trickling 
in from second half of FY2024 and then it is an ongoing process. We 
need to understand we matured our malt for a very, very long time 
and it has been aging. So, we will see the impact coming in from second 
half of 2024 onwards through the next few years and we already 

 
 
 
 
 
18 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
tripled our malt capacity a few years ago, so all that malt will also start 
flowing in a few years. 
Gaurav Lohiya: 
So, sir, as far the whiskeys are concerned this plan to launch only one 
whiskey in the financial 2024 did, I hear you correctly? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As Amar said that the pipeline of product development continues to 
be there. So, what he said is one white spirit in the high range and one 
brown spirit, but the point is how much can the sales team will have to 
work with the launch and so this one plus one is in the card and the 
planning stage. 
Gaurav Lohiya: 
Understood Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pankaj from Affluent 
Assets. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Thanks for taking my question. As I understand our products are 
available by allocation either both domestically and overseas just 
wanted to understand by when we would have it available freely off 
the shelf? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
I do not think we will have that freely available off the shelf in any time 
soon because the demand is outstripping what we can supply. Just to 
give you an example our brands are currently available in about 88 
countries, but Rampur is only available in 30 odd countries. So, we 
have not even expanded to all our existing markets. Similarly in the 
domestic market we are only available in NCR, in the defense and one 
or two other states so we have not even pan-India available over here, 
so it will remain on allocation for the next couple of years, but the 
volumes will substantially grow year-on-year. So, the demand the way 
it is and the feedback that we keep getting from our consumers as we 
would never be in an oversupply sort of the situation in times to come. 
Pankaj: 
So, would that be your strategy to maintain the brand pull or 
otherwise? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Not as much as we would like to supply and meet the entire demand 
it is also a question of the aging and the time that is required for a malt 
to be ready to be bottled so we would not look at a short term. This is 
a brand which will be there for generations and we have to maintain 
consistency of the quality. 
Pankaj: 
So, as I understand it takes around 2 to 3 years for aging of the liquid? 

 
 
 
 
 
19 | P a g e 
 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Sanjeev Banga: 
No, my friend it is much, much longer than that, but unfortunately, we 
do not make any age statement. So, Rampur is matured for a fairly, 
fairly long time. 
Pankaj: 
So, there will always be a cap on we would be able to supply right? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as a last question for 
today. I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Dilip Banthiya for 
closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you for joining us today. We have continued to deliver upon our 
premiumization strategy, which is reflected in strong P&A volume 
growth during the quarter. All our core premium brands are 
registering strong growth. The traction of our luxury brands, Rampur 
Indian single malt, which we have said that on allocation basis and 
Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin is above expectation. Next year onwards 
Rampur Single Malt allocation will increase and we have already 
expanded Gin distillation capacity to cater to the growing demand. 
There has been near-term margin pressure due to the commodity 
inflation, but we are confident of maintaining our long-term margin 
expansion given the premiumization of our portfolio and backward 
integration.  
We look forward to interacting with you on next earnings call. In the 
meanwhile, if you have any queries or follow-ups, please feel free to 
write to us. Stay safe and healthy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on 
behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
