 
 
 
 
 
16th February, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited                                                 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services               Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                          Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001                                           Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051       
Scrip Code: 500575  
 
           NSE Symbol: VOLTAS 
 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
              
Further to our letter dated 7th February, 2023, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Analysts/Investors Call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) 
for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2022 held on 10th February, 2023. 
 
2. The same is also available on the Company’s website at  
 https://www.voltas.in/images/Investor/schedule-announcements/download/Voltas_EarningsCallTranscript_Q3FY23.pdf  
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             Yours faithfully,  
                                                                                              VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   V. P. Malhotra 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              Head – Taxation, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Legal & Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Enc.  
 
 
VARUN 
PRAKASH 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed 
by VARUN 
PRAKASH 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2023.02.16 
12:29:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Voltas Limited Q3 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JITENDER VERMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
VOLTAS LIMITED. 
MR. MANISH DESAI – HEAD OF CORPORATE FINANCE, 
VOLTAS LIMITED. 
MR. VAIBHAV VORA – MANAGER, CORPORATE 
FINANCE, VOLTAS LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS. 
 
 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Voltas Limited Q3 FY'23 Earnings Call, 
hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Good afternoon everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q3 FY'23 Earnings Call of Voltas 
Limited. We have the management today being represented by Mr. Jitender Verma – CFO, Mr. 
Manish Desai – Head, Corporate Finance, and Mr. Vaibhav Vora – Manager, Corporate Finance. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Verma for his initial remarks, post which we will open up 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Hi, good afternoon everyone. I hope you are all having a good day. And we start our call by 
giving an analysis of business from our side. And then we will open the call for question and 
answer. 
As you are all aware that the impact of multiple headwinds during the calendar year 2022, such 
as Russia-Ukraine War, resurgence of COVID-19 in China, movement of commodity prices, 
and policy measures taken by Central Banks of increasing benchmark interest rates to curb the 
inflation etc, could be felt throughout the year. Considering these above macroeconomic factors 
USDINR along with other currencies across the emerging markets remained extremely volatile 
and depreciated about 11% during the year, adding to the woes of inflation and consumer 
sentiments. While the impact of COVID has slowed down, the consequences of war and inflation 
still persists. Strong signs of recovery in the last quarter of the calendar year in few economies, 
defending inflation rates and softening of Central Bank stance on the interest rates are green 
shoots building positive sentiment across around the globe. 
While India has showed resilience to this global inflation, the overall growth of economy has 
witnessed the effects of various global events. The widening of current account deficit, muted 
capital inflow and higher inflation rate has affected the consumer confidence index across all 
segments and in particular, the discretionary sectors. The policy measures taken by the Central 
Government to strengthen manufacturing in key sectors (i.e. production linked incentive), higher 
allocation towards building infrastructure and softening of inflation rates shall support the 
economic growth in the coming quarters. 
Given the seasonally weak quarter for the cooling products the Company reported a growth of 
12% for the quarter, in consolidated total income at Rs. 2,036 crores as compared to Rs. 1,822 
crores in the corresponding quarter last year. Profit before share of profit/loss of joint ventures 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
and associates, exceptional item and tax was at Rs. 90 crores as compared to Rs. 171 crores in 
the corresponding quarter last year. Profit before and after tax was impacted during the quarter 
due to an exceptional provision made on an overseas project, earnings per share not annualized 
for the quarter ended 31st December 2022 was at negative Rs. 3.34 compared to Rs. 2.90 last 
year. 
A snapshot of our results this quarter is presented which already is in our published statements. 
Segment A: Unitary Cooling Products 
Considering this seasonality of the cooling product business, this segment has performed 
relatively better reporting a revenue growth of 11% and 44% compared to Q2 FY22, and 9M 
FY22, respectively. 
During the quarter we witnessed positive demand for high tonnage and better Star rated products 
across the market. The expanded portfolio of SKUs with improved features and tactical pricing 
of inverter category has helped us in increasing its share to 82% from 65% of split air conditioner 
sold during the quarter. The success in the split category has led us to launch inverter window 
category in the recent period. In terms of the overall AC market, we continue to retain our 
undisputed leadership with the YTD market share of 22.5%. The expansion of exclusive brand 
outlets and healthy participation with various channels shall assists in the forthcoming season 
sales, and it shall further strengthen our market leadership in this category. 
Commercial refrigerator continued its growth journey during the quarter with participation from 
OEMs and retail chain. The capacity expansion is progressing as per schedule, which will help 
us in introducing various consumer centric products with improved features. With the objective 
of product portfolio expansion, we have signed technical agreements with Vestfrost, Denmark 
for medical refrigeration products during the quarter. The relevant SKUs will be introduced in 
the coming year with the long-term objective of attaining leadership in this growing category. 
After having muted growth in the Air Cooler category during COVID period, this category has 
grown during this quarter as well for the period ended December 2022. Introduction of SKUs 
across all product verticals, a differentiated product from the investment in moulds and the 
targeted distribution and dealer scheme has supported wider penetration across potential 
markets, which will bode well for future quarters. The above has resulted in improving overall 
profitability of the category with a market share of 9.2% in this competitive and fragmented 
market. 
Expansion of commercial establishments across various sectors and the growing demand for 
light commercial adaptable products resulted in growth for the commercial air conditioning 
category with improved margins. The focus on customer retention with value-added services is 
supportive in securing long-term orders of after sales service at a competitive pricing. 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
On the cost front, the quarter has seen reversing of down trend on commodity pricing witnessed 
in the previous quarter. However, the rupee depreciation has taken away this marginal advantage 
of softening commodity price from the peak level. The intense competition to grab the market 
share by the players in the industry has kept the consumer price competitive despite an energy 
upgradation in July increasing the cost across air conditioner products. The value engineering 
coupled with heavy negotiation with the suppliers have mitigated the above risk partially, 
reducing the impact on margins sequentially. 
In summary, for the quarter ended December 2022 the UCP segment registered 11% growth in 
turnover from Rs. 1,094 crores to Rs. 1,216 crores. Segment reported an EBIT of Rs. 89 crores 
in Q3FY23 as compared to Rs. 102 crores in Q3 FY22. For the nine months ended December 
22, the segment registered 44% growth in turnover to Rs. 4,426 crores from Rs. 3,064 crores 
with the EBIT of Rs. 332 crores. 
Segment B: Electromechanical Projects and Services 
Segment revenue for the quarter was Rs. 648 crores as compared to the previous corresponding 
quarter of Rs. 554 crores. Segment result reported a loss after exceptional items of Rs. 183 crores 
as compared to profit of Rs. 36 crores last year. 
Domestic projects business witnessed a jump in order booking of Rs. 1,040 crores as compared 
to Rs. 185 crores in similar period previous year. This quarter witnessed a planned execution of 
the projects, however a delayed certification by customers coupled with new projects, not 
crossing the milestone of recognizing margin in-line with internal policy impacted the financial 
results. 
International business have secured an MEP project heralding our entry again in the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia. The progress of the ongoing projects across the Middle East is at scheduled 
base, and few of them are at the completion stage is the near future. 
Delayed collection in a few of the projects continued in this quarter resulting in provision in-line 
with the risk policies. In addition to it in one of the overseas projects in Qatar, the main contractor 
has unilaterally encashed the underlying bank guarantee regardless of any such action from the 
client to his bank guarantee and in spite of satisfactory execution and performance of our scope 
of work. The company has considered a provision towards retention dues and encashed 
guarantee of the said project following appropriate approach and disclose the same as an 
exceptional item during the quarter and nine months period ended 31st December 2022. The 
Company has initiated legal actions and issued requests for arbitration to recover the amounts 
due from them. 
On the domestic front we remain optimistic with an increased allocation of infrastructure 
relevant to our project skill set expertise covering water, electrical and modern infrastructure. At 
the end of the quarter, the carry forward order book for domestic projects stands at Rs. 4,538 
crores containing orders across water, HVAC, rural electrification and urban infra-activities. The 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
international order book as at 31st December 2022 stood at Rs. 3,505 crores. Total carry forward 
order book of the segment stood at Rs. 7,543 crores. Approximately near the pre-COVID levels 
giving a fair visibility to future performance. 
Segment C: Engineering Products and Services 
Segment revenue and results continued to report improved performance for the quarter over 
corresponding quarter of previous year. Segment revenue was Rs. 118 crores and EBIT was Rs. 
46 crores, respectively. 
During the quarter, Mining operation in Mozambique was in full swing. At home, export levy 
on iron ore has slowed down the mining activities impacting equipment sale and after sales 
services. However, recent announcement of lifting the levy and foreseeable improved price 
realization of commodity should accelerate the equipment purchase by the Industry players.  
Improved delivery of Textile Capital machinery from the Principal and a tactical approach 
towards after sales service revenue augured well for the segment during the quarter. Albeit, 
supply chain related disruptions and volatility in the yarn prices impacting the running of textile 
mills continued to pose challenges in the interim period. However, having a good and secured 
order booking of capital machinery and a recent announced PLI scheme for textile should bode 
well for the industry at large. 
Voltas Beko 
At the outset, the Voltbek brand has crossed a milestone of selling close to 3 billion units 
cumulatively since launch, which is first one is the Appliance category in a short period of 
around 4 years. And this demonstrates the strength of Voltbek brand and acceptance of the 
products across value chain. 
The demand for the appliances at large was muted during the quarter given the overall trade and 
consumer sentiments. On the relatively higher base of the previous year and the limited offtake 
during festival season has affected the trade participation in the primary sales resulting into a 
small volume drop during the quarter. Nonetheless the brand is aggressively pursuing growth 
strategy by increasing channel participation, focusing on the online retail channels, and E-
commerce players. 
Voltbek continues to provide good quality products in refrigerators, washing machines, 
microwaves and dishwashers at value for money. The aggressive localization of these products 
accelerated the launch of customer centric products with improved margins and improved supply 
chain to mitigate related risks. Voltbek will continue to leverage the strength of our international 
joint venture partners across value chain to further strengthen its presence of Voltbek in this 
competitive environment. 
Outlook 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
The softening of the rural inflation and buying across sales channels on the forecast of hot 
weather should support cooling product sale in the coming quarter. The easing of supply led 
disruption shall also bring stability in commodity and other related costs. In addition, a focus on 
the infrastructure by the Government in the operating territories should help in securing 
profitable orders for the project business as well. In general, we remain optimistic with 
improvement in general macroeconomic environment. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Sharma: 
So, three questions, one, on the room AC side first, given the fact that we had a second summer 
and when I look at the GFK data as well, on the retail side, AC sales have actually declined, at 
least for October, November, December. But clearly the details have not been very good. So, if 
you could help me understand the kind of inventory that is there, both with you and also with 
the channel as we get into the upcoming summer season. So, do you believe given this high 
inventory you may see slightly softer primaries going into Q4? 
Management: 
Ankur, yes if I look from even October to December GFK data, the growth in the category of 
the air condition is not even more than 2%. And primary led by some growth what we have seen 
in the month of December whereas the reading of the October, November what you said holds 
good over there. And that is resulting into an indent of the material by the channel partner as 
well. So, I would say that the inventory at the channel partner has largely been regularized or 
largely been in-line with the secondary sales. And according in our own reading, the inventory 
with channel partner is not in excess of what the clear demands for the season. 
If I look from the manufacturer perspective, Ankur, obviously we are building up for the season 
period, looking into various initial, I will say hearings on the supply chain, possible supply chain 
disruption on account of COVID or whatever the reasons and by learning from the past lesson, 
we won’t like to take any risk during the season period of time and because of that our inventory 
levels are slightly higher. 
But if I take into account the growth or when I take the volume of last year, what we did, for us 
as well as for the industry, I will say that the players will be holding inventory of not more than 
even 75 to 80 days or more than 90 days. In our case, if I take into the future, the volume growth 
what we are eyeing for it, our inventory days are in 75 to 80 days. 
Ankur Sharma: 
And second would be on price hikes and your guidance on margins more importantly for FY'24 
typically brands announced new models for summers during Feb and possibly take price hikes 
as well. So, what are you seeing or hearing and what are you planning to do as well given you 
are the market leader for the coming summer? 
And I remember you said that for the foreseeable, at least for the next few quarters you have said 
in your Q2 call, margins could be in high single digits, are you still retaining that? Would you 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
want to kind of raise that given RM prices, at least seem to have cooled off and kind of 
stabilizing? 
Management: 
Ankur, in fact, the new models will get introduced during this Quarter 4, because that's where 
the model launch plan is scheduled, taking into consideration the season preparations and season 
demand from the consumer side. But if I look both from the cost and price side, yes, there is a 
pressure on the cost, we have seen softening of the commodity price. However, we all will agree 
that in the latter fag end of the Quarter 3 the cycle is getting reversed and we are again seeing 
the escalated commodity price setting in. Although it is still lower than the peak what we have 
seen at the beginning of the calendar year. 
However, we all know that still the component perspective, the larger dependence is still 
continuing on the import side, which means any currency depreciation also have an impact on 
the overall cost structure for the category. And that's where in the initial spiel which we just put 
it out, we clearly say that the cost has not actually seen any significant reduction. In fact, after 
the energy labeling it has marginally gone up. However, the Quarter 2 and Quarter 3 from the 
consumer perspective, the demand was not that strong, and there was no sense to do a price 
increase in the market. We have to wait and watch for Quarter 4, how it is panning out. If it is 
showing a good amount of or a reasonable amount of growth what industry is expecting it, some 
kind of price hike can be expected at the beginning of the Quarter 1 of the next fiscal year, but 
for the Quarter 4 and even for the Quarter 3 which we have seen. There was no price increase 
announced at least by Voltas for the Quarter 3 and there is no plan for any price increase to be 
announced for Quarter 4 as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujit Jain from ASK. Please go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
If I look at your Q1 presser you spoke about exit market share at 24.1%; then in Q2 presser you 
spoke about August market share, and in Q3 presentation you spoke about YTD market share, 
our request would be to stick to one format. If there is an improvement that you need to highlight, 
you can highlight it separately. So, so that we can maintain a series across all quarters and all 
these years for your market share, that was one. 
Management: 
See the reporting what happens is, since you are in a seasonally product category and when you 
have a secondary; to give you a perspective for the October to December quarter as per the GFK 
data, the entire secondary in this quarter is half a million unit. And if I take the industry size, it 
will come in a small percentage. And that's why any swing in the market share for any players 
as such in the industry during Quarter 2, Quarter 3 will not have that meaningful difference or 
meaningful kind of indication towards it. And that's why we refer to our YTD market share 
generally during Quarter 2 and Quarter 3, compared to the Quarter 1 and a Quarter 4 where the 
exit market share does make relevance due to this season peak time for this category. So, this is 
a clarification, but if you require separately you can contact any one of us and we will give you 
the month-by-month if you need for that market share. 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Sujit Jain: 
So, the other company listed a larger player they report YTD for every quarter. So, basically 
there is some resemblance as to how the series is moving? 
Management: 
So, I have not seen, if I look from the listing category, I have seen only Blue Star which is 
making the investor call up like us. And in that if you look into that itself they do talk about the 
market share what they have. And then it goes, that's why and when they report about it, 
generally prefers the YTD during the quarter-to-quarter, it is my reading. 
And furthermore, to give clarity on that, there is a difference between appliance and the air 
conditioner. Generally, we look into appliances because of the festive season. You have a good 
amount of buying coming into the refrigerator, washing machine and also draws them in order 
to report a market share in a particular frequency. So, this is what the analogy I can drive for it, 
being in industry for some period of time. 
Sujit Jain: 
I will take this offline. But to maintain the same series you should be reporting YTD, so that 
there is no confusion. 
Management: 
As I said, you can interact with us at any point of time to get any month, market share in between, 
for the reporting period, I cannot talk about the non-reporting period for that month. 
Sujit Jain: 
And EMP, the negative margin that you have reported the EBIT margin and you have called out 
provisioning for delayed collection. Is this on account of Indian orders or Middle Eastern orders? 
Management: 
I would say largely it pertains to, when I look into the domestic side we have delayed certification 
of the claim amount, because generally what happens Sujit, the certification of the regular bills 
takes at a normal/ regular. But when the project is coming to an end, or when you have a 
substantial amount of variation in the claims to be certified, it generally takes a longer time. And 
as our internal policy, we have to, we cannot wait endlessly to get it approved, because in our 
books of account it has been accounted as a cost and I have to make reasonable provision in 
terms of any delays over there. 
So, in the case of domestic this was a dominant kind of factor where the settlement of the claims 
actually took a longer time, and the claim and the variation. But if I look from the international 
side, yes, the delayed collection played a larger role. In addition to the exceptional items, which 
we have just spelled out in terms of one of the contract, one of the order, where the relatively 
action being taken by the contractor regardless that his position with the main client remain 
same. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Building on the earlier question, is it possible you can quantify the provision that you have made 
towards receivable and the provision you have made towards the international project? So, we 
have a very clear understanding as to what is the provision that are for the receivables, which 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
obviously, it's more of a delay rather than not coming; whereas international project, we don't 
know what could happen over there? 
Management: 
No, as I said Rahul, I have just clarified to the earlier participant when in the case of domestic it 
was largely because of settlement of the claim getting delayed it. So, on that front, the 
provisioning on account of receivables, delay or collection delay is not so high compared to the 
international. We are not giving any breakup in between these two verticals of the project. So, I 
would like to maintain it. 
Rahul Gajare: 
With respect to this particular project, do you see any more risk of similar provisions which 
would come in international projects? How the risk management ensure that such things do not 
happen? 
Management: 
Rahul, if you asked me this question in Quarter 2, I was more confident that probably such kind 
of action is not foreseeable in any of the projects which we are doing is the international projects. 
But after having this Quarter 3 incidents as well our confidence is also somewhere going into 
much in a deeper way, in order to see that what more can come and how best we can safeguard 
those risk. 
If you look into this, there is no similarity between Quarter 2 and Quarter 3 event, if you look 
from the Quarter 2, it was, although we have mitigated the encashment of bank guarantees by 
putting a condition, but that condition got fulfilled and thereby the guarantee got invoked. But 
in your present event, it was, as I said, regardless that the main customer has not done any action 
against the contractor, but contractor has acted unilaterally. So, in this case, I would say we have 
a limited kind of avenues in order to mitigate those kinds of risks. Because we all know bank 
guarantee be it domestic or international operation is like a bearer check or bearer instrument 
you are giving in the hands of the beneficiary. And whatever we can think about the condition 
to put in order to mitigate the risk, we are taking care of the same. But beyond reach, the options 
available to mitigate the risk of encashment to any of the players or any of the participants in 
this project business by way of bank guarantee are anyway limited. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Just to clarify one thing, if I heard correctly, you said that there was no price hikes taken in the 
4th Quarter in the UCP business. And I assume that the BEE new rated products are now in the 
market which would have needed certain cost increase. So, is it fair to understand that for those 
new products we have not taken any price increase till now? 
Management: 
Siddharth, your reading is correct, I said Quarter 3 we have not taken any price hike. And for 
Quarter 4 also, we are not looking into any price increase currently. So, this is one sentence, yes 
the second thing is the Quarter 3 yes the energy leveling got changed in July itself. And we have 
to now sell whatever we are selling with the upgraded Star rating. And obviously, each Star 
rating involves the increased cost and we are incurring those costs over there. But somehow we 
are managing as I said softening of the commodity price, some kind of value engineering, good 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
negotiation with the suppliers, we are mitigating those risks and delivering this product at the 
same price, delivering the improved products at the same price. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Is it a fair assumption that given the lower cost of procurement which we would have done in 
the last few quarters, which was probably we have not sold till now so that would take care of 
the cost increase and at gross level we will not see any further margin pressure or do you think 
that may not be accurate? 
Management: 
Siddharth, If I look into this, I would say that the label change would have resulted into some 
kind of price increase to the end consumers had I done this price increase. If the industry would 
have moved into a reasonable price increase, probably the players would have seen the improved 
gross margins sequentially compared to what we have seen in Quarter 2. However, that has not 
happened. 
Second thing is, the second question comes about and I am talking more than what you asked 
about is on the leverage of the volume. Obviously, Quarter 3 primary billing is slightly higher 
than my Quarter 2. But those volumes will give you some kind of leeway in managing your costs 
but not resulting into any improved gross margin. So, what we are looking for/ eyeing for a 
Quarter 4 now where the volume should be much higher than what we have seen in Quarter 3. 
And that should also leave some space for the leverage to play on the margin side. 
So, in all Siddharth, carry forward inventory will anywhere be there for some time, and it gets 
averaged out with the new indent material which is flowing in. However the commodity price 
again touched to as I said level of closer to the peak level, , what we are looking from the leverage 
perspective on the volume side, that will also not flow with the gross margin in the Quarter 4. 
So, we have to wait and watch and that's what even, Ankur I could not answer the first participant 
from HDFC, when he asked this question, that how the Quarter 4 on the gross margin, I am still 
maintaining stand on a single digit. These are the uncertainties in which we are living for, and 
the commodity price is going up we will not get the leverage on the, it will remain where it is, 
probably we can see some kind of improvements sequentially when we move out. Siddharth I 
stand to it, I wrongly mentioned gross margin, I am talking about the EBIT margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amber Singhania from Nippon India AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Amber Singhania: 
My first question is towards the project side, as you mentioned that this quarter it is less confident 
about the future trends compared to last quarter. If you can just give some highlight about how 
much is the more projects we have or how much is the more claim we have there where in other 
projects also which have any probability of going otherwise? And also, currently these two 
projects, the last quarter, it was one project where we have provided everything. Now again, 
another project has come in, how much was the total size of these project where we have 
provided so far around Rs. 250 odd crores? 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Management: 
Amber, Rs. 250 crores is the cumulative amount. For the quarter the provision was equal to or 
slightly higher than the Quarter 2. Again, when I am saying I am not so confident, I told in the 
context of happening this transaction one-by-one in the two quarters period. Although we take 
all required steps to mitigate the risk a bank guarantee to another project business is the normal 
market -- 
And if you recollect, and if you can do those who have been seeing the Voltas for a past quarter, 
for a long period of time, we never had an encashment of bank guarantee positions or situation 
ever, even I take from the last 10 years where I have been working in this company for long. 
However, situations keep on changing in the external world. And we have to keep a close eye 
on it and that's what we do normally. And that's why we have some kind of condition also get 
inbuilt into the guarantee so that it won't trigger on a normal way of business. But that's where 
we have to be more careful about it. 
And as we move forward, if this is going to be a trend, I said we are not foreseeing any such 
kind of guaranteed encashment taking place on any of the projects we give. But that opens the 
eyes that we need to find out an alternate instrument to bank guarantee which doesn't tantamount 
to give a bearer cheque to the beneficiary. 
Amber Singhania: 
Why I am asking this, if I am looking at last entire decade of our operations in this business as 
such, we have made roughly around Rs. 800 crore of EBIT and at the same time we have 
provided for roughly around Rs. 600 crore kind of money including Sidra, if I took a look at the 
10 year horizon as such. 
So, would it make sense to for us to do this business in Middle East going aggressively so much 
and at the end of the decade, we realize that we are virtually not making anything because the 
thing is, the geography is panning out to be very difficult continuously in every period of time, 
be it Sidra and be it now again, these things are cropping up. So, what is management’s thought 
process on this line, whether we should have a relook at this geography as such? 
Management: 
Amber, if you go in our reading, if you go to any of the geography because if you look from the 
market perspective, if somebody was doing project in Sri Lanka, Pakistan or any other countries 
Bangladesh even they didn't see the economies will go into such kind of crisis and will have 
such kind of situation to come up. Whereas the Middle East countries have not gone into such 
kind of financial crisis, but somewhere, as I said the indiscipline has cropped up, leading to such 
kind of events. 
I would not like to compare Sidra with the two events which took place in the current period, 
because Sidra was all together a different kind of incident to take place or some kind of 
provisioning which we took at that point of time. And the learning also has continued in the 
subsequent projects, when we took. I would not like to elaborate more on this, but on a one-to-
one, I can talk about it the difference between these two, considering the time constraint what 
we have and to provide for the other participants. 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
So, I would say that the business does go through this kind of cycle. Yes, we did provide a good 
amount of profit what we earn in this quarter, but that doesn't mean that we should ignore this 
territory if we are able to do this business and generate some kind of ROCE in a better way. 
That's what the focus we are having currently. Some learning, as I said, something comes up, 
but we will definitely ensure that how best we can navigate those kinds of risks and ensure that 
we remain, I would say a much profitable but a reasonable profitable driven territory as we move 
forward. However, in terms of, if we have to discontinue this line of business, I will not say the 
biggest risk to run into it. But you have to take risk perspective into a larger perspective, when 
we look holistically into all business verticals. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Funds. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So, three questions from my side. First is in the unitary segment, if you could help us either nine 
months or a Quarter 3 basis, how is a broad breakup between room air conditioner, commercial 
refrigeration, commercial air conditioning and air cooler business, that's the first question. 
The second question is again on the projects where asides of the extraordinary, you mentioned 
there is a ECL provision. So, either what is the quantum of that ECL provision or if we were to 
take that ECL provision out what is the underlying margins of that, of the segment for the Quarter 
3 or nine months? These are my two questions. 
Management: 
So, if I look from the, let me answer the second question first, to answer my first. If I talk about 
the ECL provisions, and if I take out the exceptional item, obviously at least to a level at which 
we were making the profit or recognizing this profit in terms of business. But we cannot 
compare, we cannot shy away from reality. So, we have to take cognizance in terms of what 
kind of provision we have taken up. And as I said, we take this as a pinch of salt and we always 
work towards improving it as we move forward. 
And you have seen some of the project when we talk about the order inflow we have reduced 
taking orders where we find, seeing some kind of risk. But those risks which I am seeing today 
was on encashment which is both actions taken by the contractors were unilaterally, there was 
no need of taking those actions from their end, but having taken I have to follow the 
consequences of the risk policy what we have. And we have to take, I would say a stock of the 
same. 
Now when you come to the question first the contribution of CAC into the overall segment, if I 
look from the YTD perspective, the CAC will contribute around 20% odd in the overall AC mix, 
probably when we go to the Quarter 4 the percentage will be more towards the other businesses 
than CAC because Quarter 4 is generally a season period for that matter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from SBI Life. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
My question is more related with project only, because in the past we have been seeing such 
incidences, at least for last three quarters we have been making provisions also, you have 
provided the dues which are related with these two projects. And when I compare with the peers 
like Blue Star and all and their project business, so if I compare five, six years quarterly margins 
they are on an average 5% margin. And in our case it is hardly a 2% to 2.5% margin. So, I just 
don't want to waste more time on this, but advice from our side, you can just put some more risk 
measures or either something which should be there, which can take care of such kind of events 
in the future either in terms of margins or something else. 
Management: 
I do take your inputs into it. But if you recollect, if you see the past trend of all the companies 
who are in this business, even Bajaj Electricals who have burnt their hands in electrical projects 
in the past. We do go through such kind of cycle -- 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
I would never compare Voltas with Bajaj Electricals. 
Management: 
No, I am saying all companies -- 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
They are not -- comparison for Voltas. 
Management: 
No, I am comparing again, gentleman, I am just saying that all players in the project industry 
has gone through this up and down. I have just given Bajaj Electrical as an example. Blue Star 
is also an example, Chief, if you take the last three years back into this project business L&T 
even a big giant being acting as a main contractor unlike a subcontractor like us, has gone 
through this up and down, in the margin cycle and the blocking of a working capital. It's a 
cyclical kind of business; when the things aren't going good, the business will continue to flow 
into it and you have a better kind of cycle on the working capital side. But if things start getting 
somewhere halted around, all these consequences follow. 
But having said that, we have taken a lot of measures in terms of, you can see that my order 
inflow has not been, last year, we have not secured more orders. The reason being is because we 
don't want to pick up the orders where we won't find the merit into it, or we won't find the profit 
flowing into it. But somewhere the other project which we evaluated that point of time it was on 
merit. And suddenly this kind of action took place. I am not like to narrate the most story into it. 
But I am sure that each player in those regions are actually facing headwinds in terms of that 
and not only Voltas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Just wanted to understand that from here on in terms of insourcing vs outsourcing. So, because 
what we widely understand is that Voltas was one of the biggest beneficiary, when we had this 
outsourcing model that most of the ACs were made in China or somewhere else. And we used 
to get it at a scale we had this one million plus demand per annum. So, now from that outsourcing 
standpoint now we are getting more into in-house manufacturing, we are forced to do 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
manufacturing, by the government itself. So, in a structural way, you believe the yesteryear 
margins will never happen because that low hanging fruit of outsourcing is completely out of 
the window now, and now we have to focus on more of manufacturing, plus this new guys like 
Lloyd and all coming and cutting prices. So, is there any structural impact in the way we do 
business? And have we evaluated and engaged with some consultant or something to get back 
to at least some reasonable margin level to cut our cost or work on those things, just to get some 
idea on this aspect. 
Management: 
Renjith if I look from the outsourcing versus in-housing, I will say that the players have to take 
advantage of the situation prevailing at that point of time. That doesn't mean that when I do in-
housing, I start heavily bleeding into it. In the scenario which was our strategy, which was 
adopted by Voltas in the past, most of the players have done it. I am not talking about the Korean 
players. But most of the other players have followed those strategy what we were following 
earlier and they blindly followed the leaders in many of the cases as well. 
The question then comes is how I am cooperative when I am doing it in-housing. When the 
government is forcing you to do, carry out in-housing it does give the incentive as well for 
carrying out those kinds of because government itself knows that there is a price gap, there is a 
gap between when you do in-housing vis-à-vis what you do outsourcing. And those support also 
being announced by the government in forms of the PLI. The actual PLI benefit will start flowing 
when the commencement of the production facility will take place, at the respective players 
manufacturing capacity. 
To answer that whether we have to go for our appointment of consultant and not, I would say 
that it's a visible with the naked eyes. And what our strategy is very clear, whatever activities we 
do in-house we want to start with breakeven between the outsourcing costs versus the in-house 
cost, and accordingly to take any strategic call. If this is not the case, I would have announced 
in-housing for all the components which are ingredients to the air conditioner, but we have not 
done that. 
All players have applied for a different kind of component under the PLI. So, it is not I would 
say a common thing which is coming out. Players are emulating their skills, their strength in 
terms of which component can give advantage in terms of the value addition, in terms of 
breaking even or in terms of direct, indirect saving in the cost. So, this is the way in which the 
strategy in terms of in-housing or any manufacturing be outsourcing, be in-housing, be both the 
models of outsourcing versus and in-housing takes I would say gets implemented for that matter. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
But don't you agree to the fact that the cost has increased from some two, three years before 
when we used to report some 13% to 14% margins to the current margin levels. Your overall 
cost of manufacturing how much would be the increase? 
Management: 
Renjith if this is the case, then I should only make the losses and the industry other players 
should have done the profit. But this is not the case, which means all industry players, all players 
in the industry are witnessing this kind of cost increase. And furthermore, the price remains tight 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
at the consumer end this is leading to a margin erosion for most of the players in the industry. 
So, I would not 100% agree in terms of increasing cost in this parlance because if you have a 
commodity price coupled with currency depreciation and adding into a normal inflation, which 
is now getting passed on to the end consumers always the next impact is in your margin. And 
does it, do we have zero inflation in the last four years in this country? No, we did have inflation, 
and inflation result into the cost. But that point of time the other factors were supporting me, in 
terms of mitigating those risks. In this last 18 months, this all factors are turning on a southward 
kind of trajectory, resulting into the increased costs for the input. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
I had three quick questions, first is conservatively speaking, what is the closure date for both 
these projects, I am sorry, if I missed data on this. 
Management: 
For the second project -- the impact which you have taken in the Quarter 2 it's in a halfway, and 
the process of completing this entire project being initiated by the main contractor, and Voltas 
to certain extent, may get a chance as a nominated player in the balance scope of work to get 
over. But that is I would say on a more optimistic side, and that's what the clues we are getting 
from the main client, but we have to see, wait and watch when ultimately contract gets finalized, 
and gets awarded. For the Quarter 3 impact which you have taken you will be surprised that the 
project is almost over and this action has taken place at the fag end of the project. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Second question is, going with the current expansion in the RAC, Pantnagar and maybe Chennai, 
etc. broadly we will move from one million to maybe two million into two, three years’ time. 
Am I right in my understanding that outsourcing largely can reduce to half in the next two to 
three years, very directionally? 
Management: 
I would say that in this industry chief it is difficult to say how the outsourcing will go down. 
Because if I look from the AC product, we are not there in the manufacturing of the motors, we 
are not there in manufacturing of that controllers, we are not currently in the manufacturing of 
the compressor as well. This itself accounts for a sizable part of my BOQ, and the players and 
then to my best knowledge what I carry in this industry none of the players in the industry are 
having in-house for all these three components. 
So, to that extent, outsourcing will continue till the time we have the players are deriving or 
seeing the benefit getting into the in-house, till such time the leveraging of outsourcing in-
housing will continue. What I can say confidently is, if I look from the supply chain from impact 
to a localization great move will be done in the next one and half year, whereby most of the 
components will start flowing in from my local manufacturers than getting imported from the 
overseas market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take this as a last question that is from the line of Praveen Sahay from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 

 
Voltas Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Praveen Sahay: 
I have two questions, so first is related to the RAC. How much is in the channel inventory -- 
how you are seeing the channel inventory filling for a summer? And second is related to the 
Voltbek, how is the revenue and where we are in the breakeven which we had guided for FY'25? 
Management: 
Yeah, so inventory, Praveen, if I look into it is the time for the channel partners to start building 
up the inventory. So, in the Quarter 4 during Quarter 4, I would say the inventory level with 
channel partner will go up, aligning themselves with the seasonal requirement. In terms of Beko, 
I would say that in terms of the breakeven, we are still maintaining our stand by 24-25. And 
that's what we are eyeing and heading for the same. 
In terms of the overall performance, I would say it's relatively better where we have done almost 
close to 3 million units in a shorter span of time. And that I would say incredible things to happen 
for any brand in the appliances were moved in, in this category. So, we are on the path of target, 
the only concern which comes on the 10% market share, which was another objective, given the 
COVID period of time where the actual market has started seeing bigger even the current year, 
the refrigerator market is showing a downward trend, that objective probably will slightly take 
a longer time than 24-25 we initially conceived for. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, just a continuation on the channel inventory, you are seeing the similar level of a channel 
inventory spilling, as of the last year or the normal years. 
Management: 
Yeah, that way they are normally aligned, because seasonality in this appliance business comes 
one after another quarter, you know. So, last quarter was more for washing machine, now this 
will move to the air conditioner and refrigerator. So, they will align their inventory accordingly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Thank you, the management for giving us an opportunity to host the call, and answering all the 
queries of the participants. And thank you to all the participants as well. Wishing you all the 
very best, sir. 
Management: 
Yeah, so from our management side, I thanks to a DAM and the participants to attend this call. 
I know our participants are going to have more questions than what has been put up in this con-
call. We are there to answer each one of you. And I would say that, thanks for your participation 
in this call and we look forward for your support in the future as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that 
concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
