 
 
 
 
KOLTE-PATIL DEVELOPERS LTD. 
CIN : L45200PN1991PLC129428 
Pune Regd. Office: 2nd Floor, Ci ty Point, Dhole Patil Road, Punc 411001. Maharashtra, India. Tel.: +91  20 6622 6500  Fax : +91  20 6622 6511 
Bangalore Office: 121, The Estate Building, 10th floor, Dickenson Road, Bangalore 560042,  India. Tel.: 080- 4662 4444 / 2224 3135/ 2224 2803 
Web.: www.koltepatil.com  Email: investorrelation@koltepatil.com 
 
 
 
To,  
The Assistant Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department,  
‘Exchange Plaza’,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The General Manager, 
 
 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department,  
 
1st floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
  
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 14 February 2023 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3&9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on 07 February 2023 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ  
        BSE Code and Scrip Code: 9624 and 532924 
         
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith transcript of “Q3&9M 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call” held on 07 February 2023 at 03.30 PM (IST). 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Patil  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A13258 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
VINOD 
EKNATH 
PATIL
Digitally signed by VINOD EKNATH 
PATIL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=411038, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=031A4F8F7667DFD6F
101AD302FF701154E7EC2E00D731A
673EB62A5F34869955, cn=VINOD 
EKNATH PATIL 
Date: 2023.02.14 15:23:17 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
Q3&9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
February 07, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kolte-Patil Limited's Q3 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shiv Muttoo from Adfactors PR. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the Q3 FY23 Results 
Conference Call of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited. We have with us today, 
Rahul Talele – Group CEO; Dipti Rajput – Vice President, Investor Relations; 
and Pawan Lohiya – Vice President, Finance. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q3 FY23 
Results Presentation that has been sent to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Rahul Talele to begin the proceedings of this call. 
Over to you. 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Rahul Talele: 
Good afternoon. A very warm welcome to everyone present on this call and 
thank you for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial 
performance of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited for the third quarter of FY23. 
I would like to begin by sharing with you our views and takeaways on the real 
estate environment, followed by an overview on the highlights of the third 
quarter and nine months performance. Dipti will then take you through the key 
financial highlights and we then look forward to taking your questions and 
suggestions during today’s call. 
To begin with, Indian economy continues to perform well amid the global 
inflationary environment that has created unprecedented situations in many 
parts of the world. Significant increase in interest rates has impacted 
consumption spending in key markets internationally. It is quite encouraging to 
note that India remains fundamentally resilient in a tough global economic 
environment and is poised to grow at about 7% in the current financial year 
2022-23. 
Further, last week’s budget announcements are reflective of the government’s 
confidence in the economy and the real estate sector stands to gain from some 
of the announcements. Focus on sustainable cities, strategic urban planning, 
infrastructure expansion initiatives, increasing the fund for PMAY, are all 
positives, especially from the perspective of long-term housing objectives. 
Technology and digitization initiatives will go beyond sectors, creating multiple 
new-age job opportunities in the process. In all, higher capex outlay and thrust 
on green growth should help India build a more sustainable future. 
From our perspective, while interest rates have increased in recent months, 
affordability still remains intact and demand robust. We believe leading, real 
estate players with credible market reputation and strong buyer connect are 
strategically at an advantageous position.  
During the third quarter of the financial year, the company achieved highest 
ever quarterly sales value of Rs. 716 crore, a growth of 28% on a year on year 
basis. We also reported highest ever quarterly sales volume of 1.13 million 
square feet, a growth of 31% on year on year basis.  
This performance was backed by six new projects launches in Pune and 
Mumbai along with continued momentum of customer traction in our existing, 
sustenance phase projects. During the quarter and the last one month we have 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
cumulatively launched 2.77 mn. sq. ft. with the topline potential of Rs. 1,960 
core.  
Robust sales and good construction pace have resulted in firm growth of 22% 
YoY in collections for 9MFY23. We have received OCs to the tune of 2.7 mn. 
sq. ft. during 9MFY23 of which 60% OCs were obtained in December 2022, 
the revenues for which will be recorded in Q4 FY23. Here, I would like to share 
that the profitability during Q3FY23, was impacted on account of two projects 
in Pune which had low gross margins resulting in lower overall gross profit for 
the quarter of Rs. 31 crore which was insufficient to cover overheads. The OCs 
for these two projects were received towards the latter half of the quarter under 
review. The revenues and costs for these low margin projects have been fully 
accounted for Q3FY23. In other words, there is nothing pending to be 
recognized in the coming quarters towards these projects. In summary, we are 
confident of closing the year in line with our stated pre-sales and revenue 
guidance. Margin profile for FY23 remains intact and we hope to report better 
margins as compared to FY22. 
For the nine months ended 31 December 2022, our reported sales value stood 
at Rs. 1,528 crore with volumes of 2.30 million sq. ft. compared to Rs. 1,238 
crore and 1.93 mn sq. ft. in the same period previous year. The strategy of 
business diversification remains well-established as Mumbai and Bangalore 
has shown contributions of 21% during the nine months FY23. 
I am glad to report that we have reached a significant milestone as our flagship 
project, Life Republic, surpassed the half-million volume mark by clocking 6.62 
lakh sq. ft. during the quarter. Apart from this, we have also continued to 
witness firm realizations at Life Republic and across projects. I am happy to 
share that during the quarter we launched premium Row houses for the very 
first time and received overwhelming response and are encouraged to roll out 
this format in the future too. Price bracket has widened from Rs. 30-80 lacs to 
Rs. 30-250 lacs in the Life Republic Township, supporting better realizations 
and volumes.  
KPDL has a history of collaborating with several domestic and international 
financial institutions and corporates. This has helped us accelerate growth, 
innovate and diversify our project portfolio. In a recent development, KPDL 
partnered with Marubeni Corporation, where the latter will invest Rs. 206.5 
crore in KPDL’s Pimple Nilakh residential project and will be entitled to ~ 2.85 
lakh sq. ft. of saleable area in the project. 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
The Pimple-Nilakh residential project, one of the priority launches in our 
portfolio, has a total development potential of 8 lakh sq. ft. With this new 
collaboration, we see rapid development of another high-quality residential 
project in the premium luxury segment (24K) complementing our larger, mass-
market portfolio of offerings. We believe that this association with a leading 
global organization of repute once again highlights our organizational 
capabilities and governance standards.  
Improved affordability parameters from the longer-term perspective, 
persistence of flexible, hybrid work formats and sustained investments in 
infrastructure by the government, will continue to support housing demand 
across key markets including Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. Based on our 
diversification goals, we continue to prudently evaluate business development 
opportunities across the three geographies of Pune, Mumbai and Bangalore. 
With increased consolidation and formalization of the sector, buyers and land 
owners are turning to quality developers and Kolte-Patil is well positioned to 
forge meaningful partnerships with a keen focus on delivering value across the 
entire ecosystem of stakeholders. With a healthy Balance Sheet, comfortable 
debt levels, strong launch pipeline & brand connect, significant business 
development pipeline, and financially prudent growth plans, we are confident 
of delivering profitable growth for the current year and also for the FY24 with 
pre-sales growth in the range of 25-30%.  I would now like to hand over to Dipti 
to share the financial highlights for the quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December 2022. 
Dipti Rajput: 
Good afternoon everybody. I will now briefly take you through our financial 
performance for the 3rd quarter of FY23. Based on CCM based accounting, in 
Q3, we clocked revenues of Rs. 368.1 crore, up 53% Y-o-Y, whereas in the 9 
months' period, we reported revenues of Rs. 691.5 crore. EBITDA for 9 months 
FY23 stood at Rs. 15.8 crore. 
Here, we would like to remind you that recognition of revenue and profits are 
dependent on the timing of project completion based on statutory accounting 
guidelines. Our net debt to equity stands strong at 0.21 as on December 31, 
2022 and the operating cash flow for the quarter stood at Rs. 120 crore. We 
have reported highest ever quarterly pre-sales numbers and look forward to 
maintaining the momentum going ahead as well to meet stated growth 
objectives. With the efforts put in by the entire team, we look to end the year 
on a strong note and look forward to creating bigger milestones in the future. 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
On that note, I conclude my opening remarks and would like to ask the 
moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the questions & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We have the first 
question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Congratulations on better set op numbers from the previous time. I hope the 
momentum continues. I have 2-3 questions. One is related to Mumbai. We 
state that land bank in Mumbai is around 0.69 million square feet. How soon 
can we bring this inventory to commercialization? And it is across how many 
redevelopment projects? What is the concentration? 
Rahul Talele: 
In Mumbai, currently, our 3 projects got launched, which are in a sustenance 
phase. And recently, we have launched 2 more projects, again redevelopment 
projects, in the month of January. Those are Sukh Niwas and Golden Pebbles 
projects. We are confident of achieving a good pre-sales number in these 2 
new projects as well in order to continue our growth story in Mumbai, like what 
we achieved in earlier 3 projects. Apart from this, there are 3 projects which 
from a BD perspective have already been closed, and likewise, we are working 
on a multiple BD projects in Mumbai. What different things we are doing from 
a BD perspective is that we are negotiating with the land owners and we are 
negotiating with the societies. Simultaneously, we have applied to the various 
basic approvals for that particular land parcel for the deal closure. 
Simultaneously our legal and technical due diligence is happening, 
simultaneously our approval is also getting processed. So, the timeline 
between the BD closure and the launch will be significantly reduced in the 
projects which we are going to acquire in the future for Kolte-Patil. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: This 0.69 million square feet of land inventory, is it done deals or this is work 
in progress we should assume? And these will be generally all society 
redevelopment projects only in Mumbai? 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes, that's correct. These are the done deals and we are working in various 
stages of initial approvals in these projects. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: One more thing. In the markets where we are present, where you are seeing 
the maximum traction in terms of volume and price appreciation? And how is 
the business development progressing, especially in Bengaluru and Mumbai? 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
In terms of Mumbai, you had also stated that we might now start looking at 
outright sales. Is there some progress happening on the outright sales in 
Mumbai also? 
Rahul Talele: 
Three geographies are very good where we are currently operating. Our launch 
performance in Pune and Mumbai is one example of that. We are bullish on 
these 3 geographies. As I mentioned in our earlier interactions, there are 
multiple BD pipelines that we are working upon. Apart from Pune, there is a 
strong BD pipeline in Mumbai as well, and we are evaluating a couple of 
projects in Bengaluru as well. So, certainly in a couple of months, there will be 
some closures happening for us. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And one last thing. Can you give some thoughts on your experience of how 
are you trying to improve customer experience in CRM so that we can have 
more reference sales? Currently, what percentage of our sales would be from 
reference sales? 
Rahul Talele: 
A couple of years back, we used to achieve 3% to 5% of referral sales. And 
because of the right measures we have taken in the last 2 years, our referral 
sales was around 7% to 9% in the last financial year. And in these 9 months, I 
am happy to share that our referral sales have jumped to 15%. We are working 
on various initiatives. We are working on customer engagement activities. We 
are working on digital platforms which will have real-time connectivity with the 
customers. I am confident that this will further add up to my referral sales for 
the company. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And one last thing. Can you give me some idea on 24K or luxury projects and 
what are our plans? Because, what we read is the luxury market is booming 
across the country. So, is not this product also more profitable for us? And are 
we focusing more on 24K projects or even the business development focused 
on 24K? Or how are your thoughts on that? 
Rahul Talele: 
Himanshu, our Baner project is a 24K which we are expecting to get launched 
in this ongoing quarter. Apart from that, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, 
our Pimple Nilakh project is also under 24K brand. Apart from this, earlier in 
township, we used to sell inventory in a price bracket of Rs. 30 lakhs to Rs. 80 
lakhs wherein we then proposed a spacious and upmarket 3BHK product 
around Rs. 1 crore. Earlier, we used to sell at Rs. 80 lakhs to Rs. 85 lakhs and 
now we are selling at Rs. 1 crore. From a township perspective, that is not 
exactly a 24K product but that is the journey towards having a 24K or premier 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
product in the township. Apart from that, within a couple of days, we could 
offload 50% of the inventory in our row houses. That is also a positive sign for 
us. And certainly, going forward, in the near future, we are evaluating multiple 
24K project closures as well as launch of 24K projects in our existing inventory. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Firstly, on the P&L, what all projects were recognized for revenue in this 
quarter? And if you can just highlight what were the 2 projects which had a low 
margin this quarter? 
Rahul Talele: 
In this quarter, our Wakad project which is Western Avenue and Green Olive 
got recognized, which has the larger revenue recognition. Apart from that, a 
spillover of last quarter, so there are a couple of more projects. But these are 
the 2 projects which have the higher contribution in the revenue top line in this 
concluded quarter. And in these projects, there were low margins. Apart from 
this, there are multiple projects. We have received the OC in the last couple of 
months wherein the revenue recognition will happen in Q4 wherein we are 
expecting a GP in the range of 30% to 40% and EBITDA in the range of 20% 
to 25%. We are in line with the margins which are targeted margins for us. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Any specific issue you wanted to highlight on Wakad and Green Olive being 
low margin? Was the sales velocity not as per expectations or any specific 
thing which led to low margin in these projects? 
Rahul Talele: 
Not actually. But this project started almost 10 years back. The last phase got 
developed now, and because of that, there were margin pressures. The full 
recognition has already happened in Q3 for these couple of projects. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Good to see launches also picking up this quarter. We had highlighted last 
quarter that there are at least 6.2 million square feet of projects which are the 
first phase of the total launch pipeline that we have, which is under planning 
stage. Out of that, probably we have launched 2.8 million square feet. How 
close are we for rest of the launches? Is it probably next 2 quarters is where 
we are looking to launch all of that 6.2 million square feet? 
Rahul Talele: 
Out of this 6.3 million square feet, we are expecting to have most of the 
launches in the next 3 to 4 months itself. And apart from this, as I mentioned 
earlier, we are working on some BD opportunities wherein the projects are kind 
of launch-ready or nearing launch. That will certainly add to our volumes. 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Pritesh Sheth: 
We have done well in terms of cash flows, in terms of launches, now sales is 
also picking up in the last 2 years. That's where we have ticked off the boxes. 
Only thing that we are looking forward to is the business development. While 
you have been highlighting that we are obviously close in terms of closing the 
transactions, but any specific pipeline you have in mind, which are right now at 
the advanced stage of discussion and probably that might get closed in the 
next couple of quarters or 1 year or something? 
Rahul Talele: 
Pritesh, there are multiple such opportunities which can get closed in the next 
couple of quarters. And at the right time, we will announce that to the market. 
But having said that, based on our prior experience, we are not only negotiating 
with the landowners from a legal and technical point of view, but also 
simultaneously we have applied for various sets of approval so that on one 
side we are closing the BD deals and on the other side in a couple of months, 
the deals can get launched to the market. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So, we will definitely see some progress over the next couple of quarters. 
Rahul Talele: 
In fact, in the next couple of months, you will see some progress. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from iThought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
This quarter, I am just talking about P&L for a minute. I think in the previous 
con-call, you had guided that in H2, we will probably do close to Rs. 1,300 
crore to Rs. 1,500 crore of revenue recognition. The balance will be largely 
done in Q4. Is that correct? Or is there some change in that earlier guidance 
that you had given? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's correct. We are going to deliver as per the guidance given in our earlier 
discussion. We have already received multiple OCs in the last 45 days. All of 
that revenue will get recognized in this ongoing quarter. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And you don't see any issues in other projects unlike the ones that you had in 
these 2 projects in the Wakad? Unlike these 2 projects, you don't see any 
profitability issues? 
Rahul Talele: 
No, not at all. In fact, the margin numbers are good, which are as per our 
targets. 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And even for the projects that are getting launched now, what are the kind of 
launch margins that you are looking at right now? I mean the ones that are 
getting launched or which were launched in the last maybe 6 months? 
Rahul Talele: 
We are envisaging gross margins of (+/-35%) in the range of 30% to 40%, 
depending on the deal structure and things like that. And EBITDA margins in 
the range of 20% to 25%. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And sir, on this Pimple Nilakh project, we have a total sales potential of about 
0.8 million square feet and I think in your note, you mentioned that 34% of that 
which is 0.3 million square feet is for Marubeni Corporation and they have 
invested some money in exchange of that. Have we got any money from them? 
Can you just explain this transaction like when will that money come in and 
how will this be done? 
Rahul Talele: 
This is kind of an inventory sale and this money will be received in the next 
couple of months. As I mentioned earlier, we are working on a very strong BD 
pipeline, and this fund will be utilized as a growth capital for the company. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, they will get the inventory as you mentioned you have 24K product. 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes, this is kind of an inventory sale. So, we agreed on one number and we 
are getting 100% down payment. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
You mentioned something that you are planning to launch all the priority 
remaining launches that are there in the next 3-4 months? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's correct. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
That's very good to hear, sir. And last thing on this merger that is happening. 
Two things. We were planning to demerge our retail arm which we are not 
doing now. Is there anything which has happened which is leading you to do 
that? Are we planning to foray into retail or anything of that sort if it could be 
shared? 
Rahul Talele: 
Rohit, I think this is not a significant contribution in our business. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Yes, right now, it may be not significant, sir, but just from a future point of view, 
I just wanted to understand, is there any change in strategy or is there in 
addition to the strategy that we are also looking to foray into retail and that's 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
why we have not demerged now which we were earlier thinking? That was my 
question. 
Rahul Talele: 
No, it is not from the business perspective. It is purely from the structural 
perspective. So, we don't have any plans to foray into retail. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My first question is on deliveries. The first question is that 2.7 million of about 
16 million square feet, I would say roughly around 6,300 realization worth of 
sales should have moved into revenue recognition. But for 9 months, you only 
have Rs. 700 crore of revenues hitting P&L. I just wanted your thoughts why 
there was a delay in recognition. And in the 4th quarter, what are the deliveries 
planned in million square feet and in value? 
Rahul Talele: 
Parikshit, basically, delivery depends on the structure of the building. Delivery 
depends on how much time that project will take. It is not certain that the all the 
buildings are of same height, that there is no basement, and like that. It 
depends on the technical things. There is no delay in the deliveries. That is as 
per our business plan and as per the construction schedule. Likewise in Q4, 
we are targeting to have the revenue recognition to the tune of Rs. 800 crore 
to Rs. 900 crore. In totality, around Rs. 1,600 crore to Rs. 1,700 crore of 
revenue recognition will happen in this financial year. And as I mentioned 
earlier, the margins are intact for us. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
In the presentation, sir, you have mentioned 2.7 million of deliveries. When you 
say delivery that means the OC would have come on these, right? And you 
said there is some delay in revenue recognition against these deliveries. I just 
wanted to understand why there was a difference when OC came? This should 
have moved into revenue recognition. 
Rahul Talele: 
The deliveries and this OCs particularly have happened at the tail end of this 
concluded quarter and we wait for 30 to 45 days depending on the agreement 
with the individual customers. Post that, it will go to revenue recognition for us. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, it will largely hit in the 4th quarter, as you rightly highlighted? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's correct. 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My second question is on business development. I just wanted your thoughts 
on what has been the 9 months' new business development which you have 
already agreed or firmed up with your partners or landowners. And what is the 
pipeline for the 4th quarter and how much of that do you expect to conclude in 
the 4th quarter? 
Rahul Talele: 
Parikshit, currently we are holding a top line potential of Rs. 22,000 crore. Out 
of that, as I mentioned, Rs. 7,700 crore are the priority launches. Rs. 2,000 
crore worth inventory has already been launched. Keeping this aside, the 
company has a potential of around Rs. 15,000 crore; Rs. 22,000 crore minus 
Rs. 7,000 crore is Rs. 15,000 crore; that is available within our existing land 
bank itself. Apart from that, as I mentioned, we are working on multiple BD 
opportunities and that is the reason to go for the Marubeni transactions and 
that is the reason to go for even the Planet entry at Kiwale. We are very certain 
about the closure of this BD deal. But at this moment of time, since no deal has 
been concluded from a legal perspective, hence we have not announced to the 
market. But at the same time, the commercial discussion has been locked in 
multiple deals. So, in the next few quarters, you will see multiple BD 
announcements from our side. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
On the slide, you have mentioned Rs. 7,000 crore of new business 
development, which is slide #21. This Rs. 7,000 crore target is the advanced 
pipeline where we are in the final stages of closure or this is a prospect 
pipeline? And on this, how much do you expect to close in Q4 and how much 
in FY24? 
Rahul Talele: 
Rs. 7,000 crore pipeline is at a very advanced stage of discussion. Out of that, 
we are expecting to have a closure in the ongoing quarter, maybe around 40% 
of that, and apart from that, we have already closed Rs. 1,400 crore of Kiwale 
deal. So, in totality, around Rs. 4,000 crore of BD closures in this quarter. And 
there can be a little spillover to Q1. But we are on track to have these BD 
closures. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
You are saying out of Rs. 7,000 crore, 40% is roughly about Rs. 2,800 crore 
may happen in Q4. And this Kiwale deal is over and above this which is Rs. 
1,400 crore or it is part of Rs. 2,800 crore? 
Rahul Talele: 
Kiwale deal is a part of Rs. 7,000 crore. 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
This Rs. 2,800 crore which is at 40%, that includes Kiwale or Kiwale is over 
and above that? 
Rahul Talele: 
Kiwale is excluding that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, almost Rs. 4,200 crore you expect to close in Q4? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's correct. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
How much will be the land cost here – approximately the CAPEX which you 
may incur on the land on this Rs. 4,000 crore of deal? 
Rahul Talele: 
Since the deal structuring is different, every deal has a different structure, some 
are outright, some are JV transaction, but whatever the top line that we are 
talking about, around 8% to 12% is our upfront investments. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
On this Rs. 4,000 crore, 8% to 12% is roughly about, you can say maybe Rs. 
400 crore to Rs. 450 crore could be the investment in the land? 
Rahul Talele: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithvi Raj from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prithvi Raj: 
I just have a couple of questions. The first one, you mentioned a land bank of 
Rs. 15,000 crore in the previous question. If I have to take out the Life Republic 
land bank, what will be the remaining part? 
Rahul Talele: 
Life Republic is around Rs. 11,000 crore. Apart from Life Republic, the other 
will be around Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore. At this moment of time, out 
of Rs. 22,000 crore, Rs. 11,000 crore is from Life Republic and Rs. 11,000 
crore or Rs. 12,000 crore is from non-Life Republic. But post this priority 
launches, it's a blend of Life Republic and non-Life Republic projects. So, out 
of Rs. 15,000 crore, around Rs. 8,000 crore will be from Life Republic. 
Prithvi Raj: 
For the remaining projects, where you didn't launch and which you are showing 
in the priority launches slide, did you get approvals for all the projects or still 
the approvals are pending? 
Rahul Talele: 
Approvals for the Life Republic - the key approval that is environment 
clearance, we have the environment clearance for all Life Republic projects 
which are R16, R20, and R22. Apart from that, we have already received the 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
environment approval for Baner project as well and Tathawade project as well. 
Pimple Nilakh is in process. Likewise, we are in very advanced stages of 
approval in the remaining priority launches. We are confident of launching in 
the next 2 to 4 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, out of the Rs. 30 crore loss that we have reported this quarter, what was 
the overrun in the 2 projects, with lower gross margins which was not 
accounted for earlier, which has led to this loss? 
Rahul Talele: 
Basically, overall gross profit for the quarter is Rs. 31 crore. But as you are 
aware, we follow CCM methodology for accounting and because of that, the 
overhead of the last quarter, we have to account the entire overheads of the 
last quarter. Since there were multiple launches and since there was good 
momentum happening in the internal system, so overheads were on a higher 
side as compared to the revenue that got recognized. So, overall, this 
percentage was around 9% for all projects together. 
Viraj Mehta: 
And sir, in the TV interview today, you had mentioned that we will still cross 
Rs. 2,200 crore to Rs. 2,300 crore of pre-sales this year. That is including 
Baner or not including Baner? 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes, there is a partial dependence on Baner project as well. But we are 
confident of launching our Baner project in the month of March itself, and there 
is a good traction. And considering that, we will be on track to deliver this pre-
sales number of Rs. 2,300 crore. So, just to tell you about the Baner since I 
mentioned in the earlier call, in Baner project, we have acquired a small land 
parcel adjoining to this project because of which the project got a very good 
layout and we can command a good premium as compared to the earlier rate 
we have envisaged. That has happened in the last quarter. Now we are 
planning to launch this project at Rs. 9,000 a square feet as compared to our 
business plan guidance of around Rs. 7,500 to Rs. 7,800. 
Viraj Mehta: 
And sir, next year, looking at the momentum, what's the kind of realization 
increase you can see in both your key markets as in Pune. Pune if you can 
distinguish between LR and non-LR and Mumbai? 
Rahul Talele: 
Realization per square feet again depends on where we are selling maximum 
inventory. Like what you have seen in the current quarter, we have sold a 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
significant inventory at Life Republic. Hence the realization is on a lower side 
because the Life Republic is a MIG product. Likewise, there are multiple 24K 
and premium projects as well as the launches are lined up in Mumbai. 
Considering that, the realization in the next year will be in the range of Rs. 
6,600 to Rs. 6,800. 
Viraj Mehta: 
No sir, that's combined. But I am saying like-to-like product do we see any 
realization increase next year? 
Rahul Talele: 
Like-to-like project, when we have multiple phases, just to tell you, we used to 
achieve an APR of 5,400 or 5,200 at Life Republic wherein we are currently 
achieving an APR of 5,900 which is a blend of partial high street retail and the 
residential. We are going to continue with this kind of APRs at Life Republic. 
Having said that, our projects in Mumbai Verve, wherein we have taken a price 
rise to the tune of Rs. 2,000 a square feet in the last 1 year. So, certainly, 
wherever we will get an opportunity to increase our price, we will go for it 
without hampering the volumes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, again dwelling more upon the EBITDA loss, if I adjust for the note #9, the 
EBITDA loss would have been much higher. Can you help me reconcile how 
much is on account of this to the projects which we have done? Adjusted for 
that, what would have been our EBITDA margins or the gross margins? 
Rahul Talele: 
Shreyans, I would love if you can take this offline. I will ask my teammate to 
reach out to you. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, secondly, any updates in terms of the note #10 wherein we have made 
some investments in Nivasti Developers. What is that pertaining to? 
Rahul Talele: 
As I mentioned, we are working on multiple BD opportunities. This is one of the 
BD opportunities that we are evaluating in Mumbai. In that regard, jointly we 
are evaluating a couple of BD opportunities with Nivasti Developers. Hence, 
we entered into that SPV. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Have we committed any amount or how will the dynamics work? 
Rahul Talele: 
The commercials are not yet closed, but we are evaluating a joint BD 
opportunity with Nivasti Developers.  

 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, in terms of BD, would you like to assign any number which you are 
evaluating? 
Rahul Talele: 
Shreyans, at this moment, there are multiple thousand crore of BD that we are 
evaluating. But as I mentioned earlier, around Rs. 7,000 crore to Rs. 8,000 
crore of very advanced level of BD that we are evaluating. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And sir, if I compare our last quarter presentation to this quarter presentation, 
a few projects like Crown and Giga have now been transferred from under 
approval to land bank. Any particular reason for it? 
Rahul Talele: 
In Giga, we have already received the approval, so the project has already 
been launched. But it was not a part of priority launches. Because it's a 
commercial development, it was not a part of priority launches. Hence, we have 
highlighted that separately. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Lastly, in terms of guidance for FY24 in terms of deliveries? 
Rahul Talele: 
Deliveries in FY23 and FY24, we are confident of delivering our numbers of 
Rs. 3,000 crore. Out of that, whatever that we are going to achieve in FY23 
that will get deducted because there is a certain time it takes to deliver the 
project. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So FY23, we are saying Rs. 2,300 crore and FY24 Rs. 3,000 crore. So, Rs. 
700 crore is what you are indicating? 
Rahul Talele: 
In these 2 financial years, in totality, around Rs. 3,000 crore of revenue 
recognition will happen. Out of that, Rs. 700 crore has already been taken into 
accounting. So, another Rs. 800 crore to Rs. 900 crore will happen in this 
quarter. I mean, in totality, Rs. 1,600 crore in FY23 and the balance will be in 
FY24. So, in the next 5 quarters, around Rs. 2,300 crore of revenue recognition 
will happen. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And in terms of margins would be in line with what you are guiding for? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Most of my queries are answered. Just one that, sir, this Marubeni cash flows, 
when are you expected to receive that by? And will you be using those cash 
flows against the BD expenses that you called out for the land of Rs. 400 crore 
to Rs. 450 crore that broad number? Will the cash flows from Marubeni be used 
for that growth? 
Rahul Talele: 
Certainly, our intent is to utilize this cash flow as a growth capital for the 
company. We are in the final leg of approvals for this project. Once we receive 
that, this money can be received and it will be deployed to BD opportunity. We 
are expecting a closure in the next couple of months. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
We should expect the money from Marubeni to come in, in the next quarter 
only or it can flow into the 1st quarter? 
Rahul Talele: 
Maybe in the month of March or 1st month of the next quarter. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Sir, the Marubeni contract that you have, it's an outright sale against specific 
2.8 lakh square feet to 2.9 lakh square feet. There is no recourse on that sale, 
right? I think you have a certain portion which is sellable as well in that project. 
Is it that once you are completed with your sale proceeds, he can start or is 
there any pecking order like that? 
Rahul Talele: 
No, it's an earmarked inventory. We are going to offload that inventory to the 
market. This is not something that Marubeni will sell the inventory in the market. 
We are going to have the entire control on that project from marketing, sales, 
and as well as from a construction perspective. And there is no recourse. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
So, you are only going to sell it. It is just the capital that they have paid against 
that earmarked…. Got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Kumar Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay K. Mishra: Just one clarification. In the presentation, the 2.7 million square feet delivery, 
it is for full year which you are going to deliver or it is already we have delivered 
in the 9 months? 
Rahul Talele: 
What we have mentioned, 2.7 million square feet of OC we have already 
received. This is the OC received in 9 months. And there are some OCs which 
are expected to get received in the next 1 month. All of this together, around 
Rs. 1,600 crore of revenue will get recognized in this financial year. 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Dhananjay K. Mishra: You have mentioned that 60% of this 2.7 million square feet where the OC is 
received but we have not booked any revenue. 
Rahul Talele: 
That will spill over to Q4. Apart from that, there are some OCs which we are 
expecting to get received in the next 15 days. So, that will add. 
Dhananjay K. Mishra: In addition to the 2.7 million square feet? 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes, that's correct. 
Dhananjay K. Mishra: And what will be the average realization in this delivery? 
Rahul Talele: 
Around 5,000 to 5,200. 
Dhananjay K. Mishra: And next year, we are saying similar kind of delivery? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's correct, around Rs. 1,300 crore to Rs. 1,400 crore. 
Dhananjay K. Mishra: And margin will be about 20-22%? Overall margin for the full year? 
Rahul Talele: 
EBITDA. 
Dhananjay K. Mishra: EBITDA margin, okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasser, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sorry to ask a very basic question, sir. If I understand right, we would be ending 
the year on a P&L top line of Rs. 1,700 crore and the guidance for next year is 
Rs. 2,200 crore. Correct me if I am wrong, sir. 
Rahul Talele: 
No, we will end from a revenue perspective around Rs. 1,600 crore to Rs. 1,700 
crore. For next year, our numbers will be in the tune of Rs. 1,300 crore to Rs. 
1,400 crore. This is from an accounting perspective, CCM perspective. From a 
pre-sale’s perspective, we will end this year with 30% growth as compared to 
last year that is Rs. 2,200 crore to Rs. 2,300 crore. And for the next year, we 
are envisaging a growth of 25% to 30%. 
Zaki Nasser: 
No, I am just asking you the revenue number which will appear on the 
published results kind of stuff, sir. 
Rahul Talele: 
Rs. 1,600 crore and Rs. 1,300 crore. Rs. 1,600 crore for this financial year. 

 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Zaki Nasser: 
Next year will be Rs. 1,300 crore only? 
Rahul Talele: 
Rs. 1,300 crore. 
Zaki Nasser: 
So, maybe the timing between the launches and the way it is accounted for 
would play a big part in it, correct? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's right. Whatever the inventory that we are currently selling will get 
delivered in the next 2-1/2 to 3 years. At that time, this pre-sales number will 
get converted to revenue. 
Zaki Nasser: 
If I understand correctly, this year we will see Rs. 1,600 crore on the P&L and 
next year we will see around Rs. 1,400 crore on the P&L. And maybe the 
deliveries will come better in 2025. I mean whatever you are launching now 
because I think it takes between 6 to 8 quarters for these to fructify into 
numbers. 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes, depending on the project configuration. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, out of our land bank, you mentioned that it's around Rs. 15,000 crore. Is 
this entire thing in Kolte-Patil name or it's in a promoter group company? And 
if it is, what percentage is in Kolte and what percentage is outside Kolte? 
Rahul Talele: 
This is our own land bank. This is the Kolte-Patil land bank. 
Zaki Nasser: 
This Rs. 15,000 crore is entirely Kolte-Patil land bank? 
Rahul Talele: 
That's correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
The first question is regarding LR. LR we used to do around 1 million square 
feet pre-sales every year. And this year, we have crossed close to that in 9 
months. Going forward, how do you guys think about monetizing LR? Is there 
a kind of thinking that we are increasing that 1 million to a much higher 
number? And if so, what kind of launches that we are looking at? 
Rahul Talele: 
Certainly, we are confident of our capabilities at LR. If you see in the priority 
launches, around Rs. 3,000 crore worth projects are from Life Republic. Out of 
that, we have launched a significant amount of projects already. And as we 
mentioned, 1.1 million square feet has already been achieved. So, the best 

 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
part which has happened in the last quarter is we have broken the jinx of 
crossing Rs. 85 lakhs per unit at Life Republic and that is a very positive move 
for the group because now we call it a supermarket of products. The new 
supermarket of products is right from Rs. 30 lakhs to Rs. 2.5 crore. Certainly, 
based on that, we are going to launch some multiple premium projects as well 
as we will continue to have the affordable mid-segment projects and townships. 
So, we are confident of achieving of 1.5 to 1.6 million square feet year-on-year 
with a better price realization certainly. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Rahul, you said that in the next 3-4 months whatever is the remaining launch 
pipeline will get launched. So, close to 6 million square feet we will launch 
probably in this year or maybe a month here and there. But going forward 
FY24, what kind of launch pipeline that we are looking at in terms of million 
square feet or value? 
Rahul Talele: 
Currently, we have the unsold inventory. If you add my unsold inventory plus 
this 2.77 minus whatever that we have sold, currently we are sitting with a 3 
million square feet of unsold inventory. On top of that, we are going to launch 
around 4.5 million square feet from this. So, 7.5 million square feet of inventory 
that we are going to have. This is sufficient for the next few quarters. As I 
mentioned in the discussion, on one side, we have the land bank of Rs. 15,000 
crore, and on the other side, we have the potential to close some multiple BD 
deals. Through that, as and when required, we will be launching multiple new 
projects as well. It all depends on how the project is performing. Then only, we 
can launch the further phases of that project. But wherein we will get a BD 
opportunity in new micro markets of Pune and Mumbai, likewise in Bengaluru, 
we are going to launch that to the market. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
If I understand you correctly, what you are saying is that after the launches in 
the next 3-4 months, probably the pace will slow down and the focus will be on 
selling the unsold inventory first before launching new projects. 
Rahul Talele: 
No, let me correct. If the new BD closure is from the new micro market, certainly 
we are going to launch that inventory. And our focus from BD is to enter a new 
micro market. So, most of our BD deals are from a new micro market. That will 
be the added launch pipeline in order to boost our volumes and value from a 
pre-sales perspective. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Aditya Sen: 
I have this question on the cash flows that we have in the page #17 of our PPT. 
The collections of Rs. 1,260 crore in the 9 months FY23, do they pertain to 
these 9 months only or do they address the previous collections also? 
Rahul Talele: 
Rs. 1,260 crore is the collection during these 9 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, my first question relates to the pre-sales for the upcoming years from a 
medium to long term. As we have targeted for around 8,000 to 9,000 for the 
next 3 years, how we are thinking about FY24 and going forward? 
Rahul Talele: 
As I mentioned in the discussion earlier, we are expecting a growth of 25% to 
30% in pre-sales for the next financial year. So, that will be to the tune of 
upwards of Rs. 2,700 crore. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, the other question relates to the other expenses. I was going through the 
other expenses was around Rs. 15 crore to Rs. 20 crore earlier and then it has 
jumped to Rs. 37 crore in this quarter. Is it normal run rate that we are expecting 
given the overall business pipeline that we are having or is it just a one-off of 
these projects as well? 
Rahul Talele: 
Since this quarter was a quarter for the launches, during the launches, there 
are significant marketing expenditures. That has added to our overheads and 
certainly going forward. In fact, from the margin point of view, since we are 
shifting our base to a larger base, there will be some kind of delta in the 
overheads that will add back to our margin. 
Jainam Shah: 
Sir, the last question relates to the debt. As we are getting money from 
Marubeni in this quarter, and along with that, we are forseeing some BD to 
convert into the land bank as well, how we are planning the debt number or 
our net debt to equity? What's the targeted number for that? 
Rahul Talele: 
Our current net debt to equity is around 0.2 and we have the approval from the 
board till 0.5. As and when required, we are certainly going to leverage to take 
the advantage of good market conditions. Likewise, just to tell you, we have 
taken the pre-approval from the bank itself. At the right time, we will take the 
disbursements. 

 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Talele – Chief Executive Officer, for 
closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Talele: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. We will continue to stay 
engaged. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach Dipti 
Rajput at KPDL. Looking forward to interacting with you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kolte-Patil Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
 
