Uno Minda Limited 
(Formerly known as Minda Industries Ltd.) 
Ref. No. Z-IV/R-39/D-2/NSE/207 & 174 
Date: 15/02/2023 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Scrip: UNOMINDA 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor- 25, 
k!llt•)f MINDA] 
rllVING THE N•W--
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
BSE Scrip: 532539 
Sub: - Transcript of the Earnings Call held on Wednesday, 08 February, 2023 on the 
Financial Results for the Quarter and Nine Months ended on 31 December, 2022 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
Wednesday, 08 February, 2023 on the Financial Results for the quarter and nine months ended on 
Jl December, 2022. A copy of the said transcript is also uploaded on the website of ll1e Cu1111Jc1r1y 
www.unominda.com. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Uno Minda Limited 
(%. 
t..J rct 
Delhi  
Ta run Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
* 
Encl: As above. 
Uno Minda Limited (formerly known as Minda Industries Limited) 
CIN: l74899DLI 992PLC050333, Regd. Office: B-64/1, Wazirpur Industrial Area, Delhi-110052, 
(Corporate) Village Nawada Fatehpur, P.O. Sikanderpur Bodda, Manesar, Distt. Gurgaon, Haryana - 122004, INDIA 
T: +91 124 2290427/28, 2290693/94/96 Fax: +91 124 2290676/95, Email - lnfo@mlndagroup.com,www.unomtnda.com 
Tarun Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed by 
Tarun Kumar 
Srivastava 
Date: 2023.02.15 
11:48:48 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
“Uno Minda Limited
Q3 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 08, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL BOHRA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – UNO MINDA LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR MODI – HEAD, CORPORATE FINANCE & 
COMMUNICATION – UNO MINDA LIMITED

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Uno Minda Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Bohra, Group CFO of Uno Minda Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Thanks, Mike. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to all the participants. On the 
Earnings Call today, I'm joined by my colleague Ankur Modi. We have uploaded our financial 
results and investor presentation for Q3 FY '23 on the stock exchanges and our company's 
website. We hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. I will first start with 
industry updates and overview, followed by our financial and operational performance for the 
Q3 and nine months of the current fiscal. Post that, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Starting with industry update. India continues to be one of the world's fastest-growing economies 
due to estimated high domestic growth supported by export opportunities on the back of India 
becoming a manufacturing hub and various government initiatives to encourage Make in India. 
The automobile industry, specifically PV segment, is also on a growth trajectory, supported by 
robust demand in both urban and rural sector. 
Cool off in metal prices and shortages of semiconductor chips subsiding. According to SIAM, 
for the first time, India has surpassed Japan in auto sales and become the world's third largest 
auto market, underlining both India's credentials as the fastest-growing economy in general and 
the potential of the auto sector in particular. Considering the Indian automobile industry 
contributes 7.1% of India's GDP and 49% of its manufacturing GDP, calibrated steps are taken 
to maintain the steady industry growth trajectory and realize the industry's true potential. 
During the quarter, we saw highest retail sales in October and November in the history of Indian 
automobile industry. The demand was well supported initially by festival sales followed by a 
great Indian wedding season. After two months of adrenaline rush, December '22 was relatively 
lull due to calendar year and with routine price hikes from OEMs. 
In terms of production, we witnessed healthy growth in overall industry volumes during the 
quarter. PV, three-wheeler, and CV grew by 21%, 13% and 12%, respectively, Y-o-Y basis, 
while two-wheeler recorded a growth of near 1%. Production volumes declined on quarter-on-
quarter basis due to early festival. The related growth was captured in Q2 FY '23 itself. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 3 of 18 
Production volumes were also impacted due to planned annual maintenance shutdowns at most 
of the major OEMs. 
Now talking about the segment-wise performance. The PV segment has continued to show 
remarkable consistency in growth during the entire year. PV segment continued to break all 
records by clocking more than 34 lakh retail sales in calendar year '22. PV production volumes 
are likely to cross pre-pandemic level and record highest ever annual volumes. Better availability 
of model mixes, new launches and increase in rural demand continues to keep the segment in 
healthy growth trajectory. 
Increase in the standard of living had led to a rise in the need for premiumization. India has seen 
a robust year-on-year growth in luxury car sales in CY '22, which reflects the growing appetite 
for luxury cars and goods in a post-pandemic world. Compact SUV and SUV category, coupled 
with higher variant models continues to rule, while entry level segment is still feeling the pinch. 
Apart from this, while waiting period for some models have come down, compact SUVs, SUVs 
and luxury vehicles continue to witness a minimum waiting of two to three months. 
The demand for both ICE and EV variants remains strong across segments accompanied by 
continuous investments in R&D. Our focus on localization remains intact, and we have been 
able to increase the wallet share among customers across variants. 
Speaking of the two-wheeler segment, the two-wheeler industry saw improved sentiments 
during the festive and wedding season during the quarter under review, but it could not sustain 
and continues to face headwinds with industry volumes still below the  pre-COVID levels. While 
sentiments are improving at a snail's pace and are better than what it was a year ago, rural market 
is yet to fully come to the party as the cost of ownership has shot up. 
The trend is specifically observed for the entry level, commuter segment, two-wheelers, 
implying that the purchasing power of the consumers at the bottom end of the pyramid has been 
impacted. Two-wheeler exports have also remained under pressure. Near-term challenges persist 
for two-wheeler. However, medium- to long-term outlook remains positive. 
The three-wheeler segment continued to the recovery path with robust growth. The three-
wheeler segment, which was completely down during COVID has recovered well and has 
narrowed its gap when compared to CY 2019. Within the segment, it's the electric rickshaw sub-
segment which is showing triple-digit growth, thus pushing the EV market share above 50% 
mark. The CV segment has continued to grow during the entire calendar year '22 and is about to 
reach the pre-pandemic levels due to rise in e-commerce, agriculture, infrastructure, mining 
activities, improving sentiments of fleet owners, replacement of fleet and the new model 
launches. 
The government's ongoing push for infrastructure development, coupled with the increase in 
demand for LCV, HCV, buses, and construction equipment has kept this sector's growth 
momentum. The Budget '23 had proposed that custom duty exemption is extended for import of 
capital goods and machinery required to manufacture lithium-ion cells for batteries used in EVs. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 4 of 18 
This will provide impetus to green mobility and boost local manufacturing. In addition, funds 
will be allocated from the central government to scrap old vehicles under the vehicle scrapping 
policy as described earlier. States will also receive assistance in replacing old vehicles and 
ambulances. 
Apart from this, the capital outlay of over INR 10 lakh crores for infrastructure spending will 
help aid CV sales, which is already witnessing an upswing. The Union Budget '23 also raises 
the personal income tax rebate limit from INR 5 lakh to INR 7 lakh. This is likely to provide 
more disposable income. With such initiatives, we are hopeful of a continued surge in demand 
for auto industry. 
Moving to Auto Expo Components 2023, Uno Minda recently participated in Auto Expo, which 
is Asia's largest automotive show. We were present in the expo showcasing our formidable 
product portfolio built around mega trends of personalization, autonomous, connected, and 
electrified. Personalization was showcased as affordable luxury. The key technologies in 
lighting, seating, acoustics, and smartphone were integrated to showcase what an Indian 
customer can expect in his or her car. Autonomous was exhibited by considering Indian driving 
conditions. Hence, it revolved around driver assistance systems and driver behaviour 
monitoring. Connected as connected platform to collect, control, monitor and monetize vehicles 
data. 
Electrification. Uno Minda has been convincing -- present in the EV technology across segments 
with charging and powertrain solutions. The above technologies developed by Uno Minda were 
very well showcased in the three technology demonstrators of two-wheeler, three-wheeler, and 
four-wheeler, respectively, to give a real-time experience Besides the product exhibits, Uno 
Minda also showcased a new technologies we are working on. We saw overwhelming response 
at our stall with visits from leading OEMs, media, investors, and other stakeholders. We gave 
an enthralling experience of our futuristic products and technologies, live technology 
demonstrators to visitors. 
Moving to key operational slides. You may refer to Slide number 5. As was approved by the 
Board, the company executed the joint venture agreement with Buehler Motors and Tachi-S 
during the quarter. We are happy to inform the company also received confirmed orders from a 
couple of two-wheeler EV OEMs for motors in the newly formed joint venture with Buehler 
Motors. The company has also entered into a technical licensing agreement with Asentec 
Company of Korea, a leading global supplier of automotive sensors and actuators to design, 
develop, manufacture and market high-tech wheel speed sensors in India. 
Uno Minda had set up separate division for automotive sensors a few years back considering the 
rising demand of the evolving technology in sensor space. Sensor division has come a long way 
since its inception with manufacturing of engine and exhaust sensors, transmission and 
suspension sensors, active safety, and comfort sensors, among others. The current partnership 
with Asentec will further strengthen its advanced sensors product portfolio. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 5 of 18 
Uno Minda EV also won incremental order with annual peak value of INR 300 crores, 
comprising of off board charger, motor controller, BMS and DC-DC convertors. The company 
strengthened the relationship with marque American two-wheeler OEM with incremental orders 
for switches as well as heated grips. 
Turning to our financial and operational performance. You can refer to Slide 7 and Slide 8. At 
consolidated level, revenue from operation for the quarter increased by 34% year-on-year basis 
to INR 2,915 crores from INR 2,181 crores in Q3 of FY '22, while revenues grew marginally as 
well on a quarter-on-quarter basis as the company continues to gain market share and increase 
its kit value. We have witnessed growth amongst all our products with lighting and EV alloy 
will registering phenomenal growth. 
As guided, we have continued to outperform the industry with our 34% growth against industry 
volume growth of 5% on a year-on-year basis. Even quarter-on-quarter basis, while industry 
volumes have declined by 16%, Uno Minda has registered growth despite softening of some 
commodity prices impacting the revenues negatively. 
EBITDA for the quarter was at INR 338 crores, improving by 44% from INR 235 crores year-
on-year basis. The EBITDA margins for the current quarter has improved to 11.6% as against 
10.8% in corresponding quarter last year. Operating leverage supported by increased volumes 
has led to margin expansion. However, higher energy costs and inflationary impact on other 
administrative expenses had constrained further margin expansion. 
Finance costs have remained stable at INR 13 crores in comparison to corresponding quarter last 
year in spite of rising interest rate scenario. Sequential drop in finance cost is mainly on account 
of hedge accounting on the unhedged portion of the foreign currency loan. 
We see increase in tax expenses from INR 42 crores in Q3 FY '22 to INR 62 crores in Q3 FY 
'23 on account of higher profits. Sequential increase in tax of INR 55 crores to INR 66 crores is 
mainly on account of reversal of some deferred tax liability in Uno Minda Europe and some 
timing differences. The profit after tax which is Uno Minda's share for the quarter was at INR 
162 crores as against INR 101 crores in Q3 FY '22, registering a growth of 60% on a year-on-
year basis. 
Coming to the business segment-wise performance, going to product line, starting with Switch 
Systems. You can refer to Slide number 13. The segment achieved revenues of INR 815 crores 
for Q3 FY '23, contributing 28% of our consolidated revenues. Premiumization, leading to 
increased numbers of switches continued to drive the business growth, along with increasing 
share of business with Indian and Korean customers. 
During the quarter, we received incremental orders from a Korean customer, further 
strengthening the relationship. In two-wheeler switch business as well, we have won incremental 
export orders for switches and heated grips from the two-wheeler American OEM. We have also 
commenced construction of our expansion of four wheeler switch plants at Chennai and Farukh 
Nagar. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 6 of 18 
Moving to Lighting business. It has achieved revenue of INR 644 crores for Q3, contributing 
22% of our consolidated revenues. Lighting business has grown exponentially over last year 
with multiple large order wins specifically for four-wheeler lighting. Four-wheeler Gujarat plant 
had commissioned last quarter and is ramping up in subsequent quarters. 
Moving to our Casting business. It has achieved revenues of INR 579 crores for Q3, contributing 
to 20% of our consolidated revenues. The revenues for Casting business has been increasing 
year-on-year basis with increase in capacity of four-wheeler alloy wheel and commissioning of 
two-wheeler alloy wheel plant. Last quarter, underlying volumes of both two-wheeler and four-
wheeler had declined on quarter-on-quarter basis, along with reduction in commodity price 
impacting the revenue for the quarter. We continue to be bullish on the Casting business and 
expect recovery in volumes as well as higher penetrations to lead significant revenue growth in 
subsequent quarters. 
Moving to Acoustics, Slide number 14. Our Acoustics business had achieved revenues of INR 
187 crores for Q3, contributing 6% of our consolidated revenues. While India business remains 
stable, the European subsidiary, Clarton Horn, remains under pressure with unprecedented 
increase in energy costs and lower industry volumes. 
Moving to our Seating business, which achieved revenues of INR 263 crores for Q3, contributing 
9% of our consolidated revenues. Revival in CV segment and diversification in customers 
supported the growth in Seating business. Export of suspended seats were marginally impacted 
due to ongoing geopolitical issues. Seating business won order from a new two-wheeler EV 
OEM customer. 
Moving to Other Product businesses. We have achieved revenues of INR 427 crores for Q3 FY 
'23, contributing 12% of overall top line. Other businesses mainly comprise of controller and 
sensors, ADAS, blow molding business, canister, ICs, battery, and aftermarket. Growth in other 
revenue can be attributed to blow molding business on commissioning of the Bangalore 
expansion, our engineering services business in Europe and aftermarket. The share of profit/loss 
of associated joint ventures for Q3 is at INR 25 crores as against INR 19 crores in Q3 FY '22. 
While all our JV associates contributed positively, major contribution came from Denso Ten, 
Roki and TG. 
Moving to EV business. During the quarter, we have received incremental orders of off board 
charger, motor controller, BMS and DC-DC convertor from two-wheeler EV OEMs. As was 
guided, we have now received orders for motors as well in our new formed JV with Buehler 
Motors. The annual peak value of these orders is expected to be around INR 300 crores. We 
would also like to inform you that Uno Minda EV system, our JV with FRIWO, has started 
supplies of off-board charger for two-wheeler EV OEM at interim location through final 
assembly and testing, with SOP for three more orders lined up in the next six months. 
Moving to aftermarket and exports. You may refer to Slide number 14. In terms of our revenue 
pie for the quarter ended December 31, OEM business accounted for 89% and aftermarket 
business at around 11%. Our aftermarket division revenues were at INR 286 crores as against 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 7 of 18 
INR 262 crores in corresponding quarter last year. Aftermarket revenues have grown 9% Y-o-
Y basis and 11% sequentially. The aftermarket continues to grow at a healthy run rate with 
increased focus and marketing effort. 
Moving to our cash flow and debt levels. Our net debt as of 31st December was at INR 683 
crores compared to INR 570 crores as on March 31, '22. And our net debt-to-equity stands at 
0.16. Net debt has increased marginally on account of increased working capital borrowings, 
consequent increase in revenues as well as due to some incremental borrowings for capital 
expenditures. We have also been making steady improvement in ROCE. If you see annualized 
profitability of nine months, our ROCE stood at 20.8%, which is highest in last 3 years. 
Moving to dividends. The Board has approved and declared interim dividend of INR 0.5 per 
share, which is 25% of face value, reflecting commitment from the company to return value to 
shareholders on a consistent basis. The dividend amount in absolute value will be double the 
amount paid as interim dividend in FY '21, '22. 
Moving to some strategic business updates, starting with Minda Kosei Aluminum. The company 
continues to identify opportunities for further consolidation and simplifying the group structure, 
thereby creating enhanced stakeholders -- or shareholder value. In pursuit of the same, the Board 
of the company has approved acquiring remaining stake in Minda Kosei Aluminum, which is 
22.64% currently held by JV partner Kosei to make Minda Kosei Aluminum a wholly owned 
subsidiary. The purchase consideration for 22.64% stake is agreed at INR 115.5 crores. 
Post-acquisition, while JV for MK will be terminated, the company will enter into technical 
licensing with Kosei to ensure continuity of technology support. The transaction is targeted to 
be completed on or before 31st of March '23. 
The TG Minda business, which is a joint venture between Uno Minda and TG Japan, engaged 
in business of automotive safety system, fuel cap, weather strip, sealing parts is planning to 
enhance the production capacity at its main plant, which is in Neemrana, to meet the growing 
demand for airbags as safety regulations become stricter in India. Driver and passenger side 
airbags for frontal collisions are increasingly equipped on vehicles in India. The use of side and 
curtain airbags to protect vehicle occupants inside collisions is also  mandatory. In fact, the 
company has already received large orders for curtain airbags for three-wheelers from one the 
Japanese OEM. 
To meet the accompanying growth in demand, TG Minda India will expand its Neemrana plant 
and install airbag tools and equipment’s. The Board has approved a capital expenditure of INR 
175 crores for the said expansion. The commercial production of the expansion is expected to 
start from December of 2024. 
Moving to some recognitions and awards. At Uno Minda, it has been our constant endeavours 
to incorporate, demonstrate and live up to the highest standards of corporate ethos and 
governance in all our policies and practices for an all inclusive growth. We are happy and proud 
to state that Uno Minda has been honoured with the Certificate of Recognition for Excellence in 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 8 of 18 
Corporate Governance in the category of listed medium corporates at the 22nd Annual Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India National Awards for Excellence in Corporate Governance 
2022. 
Uno Minda is an employee-centric organization, always puts our people at the heart of whatever 
we do. At Uno Minda, we believe the success of the organization and its people go hand in hand. 
Recognizing our people practices, Uno Minda was recognized as a great place to work by GPW 
Institute India for second consecutive year. We also featured in amongst top 25 best workplaces 
in manufacturing companies in India for 2023 for inspiring trust among people, instilling pride, 
creating an environment that promotes camaraderie and delivering a great workplace experience 
for all our employees. 
Beyond business, we are strategically focused on reaching a large number of people in the 
community and providing more opportunities for holistic development, thus achieving 
responsible growth by shaping the lives of individuals through new possibilities. There are 
numerous initiatives which our charitable foundation undertakes to enhance underprivileged 
people's lives. Recognizing our effort in CSR field, we won prestigious awards such as the 
Greentech award and the CSR Times Award, which is a gold award in the category of promotion 
of education at the Ninth Annual Greentech CSR India Awards '22, and for the project Samarth-
Jyoti in the category for human empowerment at the Ninth Corporate Social Responsibility 
Summit, respectively. With this, I would like to now open up the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So sir, on the switch business, I just wanted to understand 
that if you look at production that's been highlighted, industry volumes are down on a sequential 
basis in maybe double digits, and we have managed to grow the business sequentially. So just 
wanted to understand first, any particular new orders which have started? Or what has led to this 
performance in this segment? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Okay. That's one. Any other question, Siddhartha? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes, I have a couple of them. So, then I'll just go with my questions. So the second question will 
be, sir, on this EV side, so we have said about 3 billion new orders, but we had earlier also said 
about, I think, 4.5 billion orders in the initial part of the year. So if you can just help us understand 
how to look at the revenue ramp up? What is the total order book as of now currently? And how 
to understand the ramp-up in the next couple of years? 
And the third is on the Kosei business. I mean, we saw that it has been acquired at quite an 
attractive valuation. So just wanted to understand more why Kosei sort of agreed to sort of sell 
off their stake now and what happens if later -- I mean I understand you have a TLA, but just in 
case how to understand the business ramp-up scope going ahead for this. These are the initial 
ones. I have more. I'll come back later from the queue. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 9 of 18 
Sunil Bohra: 
Okay. So switch business, industry volumes are down and how we managed to grow, I think, 
which has been our sustained endeavour, Siddhartha. If you remember that how we are 
increasing our kit value with that side stand switch, et cetera, where we have been the leader. So 
definitely that has added. There has been some addition in the technology and also this export 
from the American two-wheeler OEMs, increasing our share of business with some of the 
customers which we have been speaking. I think all of these actions have played their role in 
terms of achieving the kind of numbers which we have delivered despite the industry degrowth. 
That's on the switch business. 
In terms of EV side, 3 billion new orders and earlier 4.5 billion. How do you look at revenue 
ramp-up? So this is all incremental orders, and these are all -- what we always say it's annualized 
peak volumes. And we expect these volumes to be kicking in from FY '25, FY '26 range in terms 
of the annual numbers. 
Then Kosei, why sell off now, attractive valuation and business ramp up is good. So this was a 
specific request from our JV partner, not that we were not interested. Obviously, we were 
interested. But they were also maybe having some requirement for funds. So it was a mutual 
discussion and a mutual negotiation in terms of arriving at this value. Definitely, it's attractive, 
and I'm sure it's much, much accretive to the shareholders of Uno Minda Limited. 
In terms of business ramp-up scope, it goes unhindered because even today, the business was 
completely run by Uno Minda with sort of a technical support wherever required from Kosei 
Japan, and that model will continue. So we will enter into a TLA for roughly around 10 years 
once we terminate this JV. So there will be consistency of the support whatever we have been 
getting, which will be compensated through the royalty to the Kosei, which will continue as it 
has been now. So this is the broad structure. 
And while Board has given us a timeline of 31st of March 2023 to sort of discuss and agree on 
the path forward in terms of agreeing on to the technical licensing model and what will be the 
intricacies of that going forward. So just to make sure that the growth of the business is not 
compromised. And in fact, we may be put up the business at a faster growth pedestal because 
now it's fully our baby and we can even go a little more aggressively if need be. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So sir, just a clarification on this switch. You said we were sort of ramping up this U.S. two-
wheeler switch. So that has come in the current quarter only, Q3 only? Or it is the order which 
we have got and will come up later? 
Sunil Bohra: 
No, it has been there for last nine months now, but obviously, the volumes have been improving. 
So that also helps on a month-to-month basis. And as I said, there have been some incremental 
orders which we have received that also will kick in the current calendar year. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. And what will be the size of these orders, sir, the Korean 4-wheeler switch, and U.S. two-
wheeler switch? 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 10 of 18 
Sunil Bohra: 
So Korean four-wheeler switch, while the number may not excite you, it is INR 40 crores 
annually. But if you see from business perspective and a strategic point, it's sizable. Considering 
the Minda Rika revenue itself is like INR 900 crores to INR 1,000 crores, it's almost 4%, 5% of 
the revenue incrementally. And it will help us increase our share of business with the Korean 
customers, which is what we have been discussing for quite some time now. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ashutosh Tiwari from Equirus Securities. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Firstly, congrats on good numbers. Just -- on this Kosei, you mentioned that royalty, which is 
already you're paying, only that will continue after TLA as well. There is no increase in that? 
Sunil Bohra: 
No. That's what I said that the current mechanism of compensating for technical support will 
continue. The only thing is, as of now, it is through a JV. So JV will have to be terminated, and 
we will need to enter that into a TLA. So our principal agreement has been that the same terms 
should continue, though we will sit across the table and make sure that the support services, 
whatever we have been getting on case-to-case basis, that continues and there should be two 
impacts on that. And in terms of timeline, as I said, we'll target to close in the next 2 months. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
And you mentioned on this electric two-wheeler orders almost INR 800 crores, INR 900 crores 
we have won so far that you have declared in Q1 in this quarter, that all will peak out in '25. Is 
that correct what I heard? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, like in '25, '26 the time frame based on the -- and this is based on the... 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Volumes that you got... 
Sunil Bohra: 
By the customers. Now obviously, it can be earlier, it can be later based on the industry 
adaptation of the EV. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
And what was the revenue from this two-wheeler or four-wheeler alloy wheels in this quarter? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So two-wheeler, four-wheeler alloy will always, definitely is impacted compared to the last 
quarter. So two-wheeler volume has been mainly lower. So the commodity price itself impacted 
almost like INR 30 crores of -- INR 35 crores of revenue in this division in the last quarter versus 
Q2. On top of it, the volume has been lower in primarily the two-wheeler business. So put 
together if I see two-wheeler a-- and you said four-wheeler alloy wheel, right? 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Yes, yes, I said that. Yes. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So both put together is roughly around INR 400 crores for the quarter. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
INR 400 crores and -- sir, can I get individually in two-wheelers and four-wheeler? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Can you leave it, if don't mind? 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Sure. And lastly, two more questions. One is that this TGMINDA capex of INR 175 crores, what 
kind of sales it can generate for us? 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 11 of 18 
Sunil Bohra: 
So this can generate sales of almost INR 350 crores a year. 
Ashutosh Tiwari: 
Towards asset. Then okay. And lastly, on the margin side because we -- like you mentioned that 
gas prices have remained high, probably you've not got compensation from OEMs. So can we 
get that directionally from Q4 and all so margins can improve further from here? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So we have been -- honestly, two things. We're discussing consistently with our customers for 
compensating the gas price. Though we have been getting positive ears, but it has to yet get 
concluded. That's number one. Number two, in terms of margin, I would say, yes, it will 
definitely have an impact on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We have been guiding for a margin on 
an annual basis. So we still hold on to that margin range of 11%, 12%. And if you see first nine 
months, we are within that range only. So even if we get that, hopefully, we will be a little above 
the average what we have been so far. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My first question is on the alloy’s wheels business. You've obviously mentioned that the 
revenues are down also because the pricing has come off as the material cost has come off. Is 
that under recovery that we have seen? I mean, has the pricing come off only to the extent of 
how other costs are coming down on the RM side? Or is there an under recovery there, sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So this is down. Primarily what we are talking, Mukesh, is the aluminium prices only, nothing 
else. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
I'm asking you regarding the aluminium prices. So have our costs also come down to that extent 
on the same extent as the pricing? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, absolutely, Mukesh, so with obviously a little bit of lag. So like some customer it is -- we 
have got now monthly price adjustments, somewhere it is quarterly. So customer to customer, it 
does get impacted. So somewhere it would have got in Q3, somewhere it will get in Q4. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So it hasn't been -- I mean, our margins in terms of per ton have been -- are still maintained, is 
what you're saying? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. Actual margins per ton, as I said, has been impacted primarily because of the gas prices. 
Had that not been there, it would have been much better. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
And secondly, on -- in the other segment, you had mentioned that blow molding has been one 
of the reasons why the growth is quite strong sequentially. So does this mean that the Bangalore 
facility is already up and running? Is that right? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, Bangalore facility is up and running. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
The new one, the new one? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yeah. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 12 of 18 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Because it is expected to start, I think, in the fourth quarter, if I'm not wrong. So but it's already 
started there? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes, it has just started and also started supplying, because the key business what we have got 
was for the new model of one of our Japanese OEM, which has started getting into SOP in 
December. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
And so that's the primary driver of that other segment going up. So the reason I'm asking is... 
Sunil Bohra: 
There have been a lot of improvement. I won't say that's the primary driver, honestly, Mukesh, 
because a lot of other businesses like sensors have done well, controllers have done well. So I 
think a lot of them are chipping in. And I won't say it's entirely because of alloy wheels. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Sir, it's quite a strong growth there sequentially. So could you just highlight or if you could 
probably give a sense on what could be -- if at all, the EV revenues that we have so far, I think 
last time you had mentioned that you will probably give that number later. So is there some 
colour you can give there? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So that number maybe we'll start reporting from the next fiscal. Let the numbers be a little 
more meaningful. As of now, it stands at 3%, 4% in terms of the EV number. And our two-
wheeler revenue is also less than half. So from that perspective, it won't make a significant 
impact. So maybe from first quarter onward we will evaluate if we start giving purely EV 
numbers separately. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
And just lastly, any colour on the capex that we plan for the upcoming year, FY '24? And sort 
of give a breakup of that capex across the years? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So that maybe -- as we said, normally, Mukesh, we update in the annual -- along the annual -- 
we just started our budgeting cycle, and the entire February and March actually goes into our 
budgeting planning, etcetera, capital allocation and all that. So we will have a better visibility 
when we speak about the entire annual figures. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. A few questions. The first question is on airbags. The 
incremental change that is the mandatory six airbags. So what kind of incremental opportunity 
are we seeing in this? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So as I said, the incremental opportunity, which is almost -- the confirmed order in hand is 
more than, say, around INR 350 crores. And that is why we are expanding these facilities. Some 
of it we can achieve through our existing capacity, but definitely, it will need a lot of investment 
because the kind of facilities we have for airbags, and you might have seen when we had a visit 
to our Gujarat plant. It's a very-very hi-tech plant in terms of airbag manufacturing, automated 
cutting, stitching, etcetera, a lot of things. So there are highly automated machines. And that's 
why we did these kinds of capex to achieve in that business. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 13 of 18 
Aditya Jhawar: 
So this facility would be ready in December '24, but this is becoming mandatory from October 
'23. And our largest customer has a large portfolio dependent on the entry segment car. So do 
you foresee that we would be losing market share in the first initial couple of years? 
Sunil Bohra: 
I won't comment on market share, Aditya, as of now, because while we all know the current date 
is October, I think a lot of water still needs to flow under the bridge. So as of now whatever 
guidance we have got from customers, we are working based on that. So I'm sure it will not 
impact our share of business because whatever models they are associated, these are the findings 
given to us by our customers. 
In case customer ask us to prepone, we'll be happy to do that because it's not that we will need 
two years to set up these equipment and start supply. In case they want six months earlier, we 
will be able to do that with some sort of a preponement. But as of now, the December '24 timeline 
is what we have been given by our customers linked to the SOP of their models. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
And on gross margin front, this quarter, we saw a very good expansion. So if you could help us 
understand that what is the benefit of lower RM price. Was there a lag effect of a price 
escalation? And what could be the contribution of product mix change? And is there some price 
escalation pending which can accrue in Q4? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So Aditya, it's a very good point. And in fact, this is what, if you remember, we had been 
discussing when the commodity prices were going up. So there is always a quarter lag impact. 
So when prices were going up, we were seeing some sort of a negative impact. So now when 
prices are going down, obviously, there is some positive factor which is coming in Q3. But it 
may not be, what you call, forever, because once you go into Q4 and buy spot prices, then you 
get the Q3 prices. And that is the reason why we talk of the annual margin guidance rather than 
looking at quarter-to-quarter. 
And second, whether it will have any, you said, long-term impact. Answer to that is no, because 
-- when we say the commodity price indexation is aligned with almost all our customers with 
95% of commodities being indexed. So while we might have some quarter-to-quarter movement, 
but on an annual basis, things get passed through to our customers. So from that perspective, we 
have tried to insulate the business from the volatilities of the commodity. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
And is that coming from impact of product mix change? So you can quantify? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Product mix change. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Like change, for example, switches or lighting. Any comment on... 
Sunil Bohra: 
So not a -- if you see the segment volumes, Aditya, I don't see there is any significant structural 
shift which is happening in our, what you call, volumes. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Now a couple of just bookkeeping questions. So this EV revenue now will be accounted in two 
entities, that is Uno Minda EV systems as well as the -- there's a JV we have for traction motor 
with Buehler, right? 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 14 of 18 
Sunil Bohra: 
In two systems -- EV revenue, yes. So there will be three places, actually. So as of now, you are 
right that motors for two-wheeler will go into Buehler. EV components which are part of the JV 
will go there. But there are some products which are not part of JV, like there are some EV 
components for CVs. There are EV products like telematics, things like that, they are part of the 
controller division. So you'll have actually the EV revenue coming into -- and this is for only 
EV specific products I assume you're talking. Otherwise all the other products will get accounted 
where they are. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes, EV specific products only. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So it will be 3 places, not 2. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
And just can you please repeat the net debt number? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So our net debt number for Q3, right? Or -- so Q3 was INR 683 crores on 31, of December, the 
net debt. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of M. Mandlesha from Emkay Global. 
M. Mandlesha:
Mumuksh here. Congratulations on a good quarter. Sir, if possible, can you share the others 
revenue breakup? As it has gone up 20% Q-on-Q, some of the key growth drivers there? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So can this be taken offline with Ankur if you don't mind in terms of the data for modelling? 
M. Mandlesha:
Sure, I will take that. Sir, sequentially other expenses has also gone up by 11% versus 1% 
revenue growth. What led to the increase, sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So in others, as I said, there are two, three key factors at play. One is the consumable, which 
is the gas price. Then other is, in the last quarter, you have this annual maintenance shutdown. 
So there are some shutdown expenses which come there. Plus with the opening of the economy, 
the travel has kicked in. So this advantage which was there maybe a year back also. So obviously, 
some of those -- the costs are, as expected, coming back in the system. So these are the, I think, 
three or four key reasons why the other expenses are higher. 
M. Mandlesha:
And sir, sequentially, and how we see the gas prices, sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So gas prices in terms of the major businesses where they are consuming is in the casting and 
also in Europe. We are not seeing any signs of softening as of now. 
M. Mandlesha:
Sir, at the auto company expo you showcased the camera-based systems and already company 
has some orders. Can you share some medium-term plans or targets for this camera-based 
systems, what they need, like autonomous, sir? 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So we are working to set up a camera manufacturing line, because we've got already assured 
business for more than INR 200 crores for camera. So currently we're working on to set up the 
project for camera manufacturing. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 15 of 18 
In terms of the autonomous, you see there are a lot of products which we are working in terms 
of ADAS. So as of now, what we have got -- assured business which we're supplying is primarily 
towards your sensors, your rear-view cameras, your buzzers, et cetera, the ARPA system, 
etcetera. This is what currently we are doing, but there are a lot of new approaches we are 
working. As you said, you have rightly mentioned that we have showcased in our expo. So 
obviously, these things take time to get traction. Good thing is that we have got a very good 
feedback from our customers and the engagement has started. But as you know that the 
engagement to getting business also is a couple of years' journeys, which we have to do with 
you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Many congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have three questions. Firstly, in the LMT 
segment, I think you mentioned INR 400 crores of revenues from alloy wheels. So seems like 
our casting business has scaled up very significantly, right? I assume the number was closer to 
INR 100 crores from a quarter earlier. So some colour on that. 
Secondly, on the TGMINDA capex expansion and the capex of INR 175 crores, what kind of 
top line can we get from that capacity utilization in that plant? I just wanted to understand the 
kind of ramp-up we can see.  
And thirdly, if you can just guide us for the overall capex and investments that we are planning 
to do in FY '23 and FY '24 because obviously you're seeing a lot of growth and a lot of new 
clients are coming up as we are buying stake in a couple of the subsidiaries also. So just wanted 
an update on that. 
Sunil Bohra: 
So in terms of LMT segment, you asked that we have done very good revenue in casting 
segment. Can you just be a little elaborative on that? What do you mean by that? 
Nishit Jalan: 
So in LMT, your total revenue was INR 530 crores, right? And your alloy wheel revenues you 
mentioned was about INR 400-odd crores. So I assume the remaining is the aluminum die 
casting revenues? So I just wanted to understand, it seems like the aluminum die casting 
revenues was around INR 180 in this quarter. And what I understand was the run rate at the 
previous quarter was limited to INR 100-odd crores. So just wanted to understand if that's 
correct, and what has led to such kind of a strong ramp up? And if you can share alloy wheel 
numbers for the nine months also that will be helpful? 
Sunil Bohra: 
So I don't have that number, Ankur. Can you help him? 
Ankur Modi: 
Sure. Nishit, on casting, I'll come back to you. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sure. No worries. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Then TGMINDA, INR 175 crores of capex. How much of top line can we do? I think I answered 
to somebody else's similar question. You can get -- expecting to add at least INR 350 crores of 
additional revenue from this capex. And overall capex and investment for FY '24 also I think we 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 16 of 18 
spoke a little way back, that maybe we can give you a better number, visibility when we speak 
about our annual results, because we just started our budgeting exercise, and this should be over 
by end of March. It's a long process for us. With multiple businesses, it takes almost like roughly 
six weeks from start to end. We just started that process. So hopefully, when we interact next 
time, we should have a better visibility in terms of what is the capex going to be for FY '24. 
Moderator: 
We have the next from the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities. 
Rishi Vora: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. First is, sir, alloy wheel. So how should we think 
about Kosei Minda JV? So will it continue? Or over the next few quarters, we should also look 
at some consolidation happening in that JV?  
Secondly, in this quarter, we have set up two fully owned subsidiaries on the auto component 
side. Can you give us some colour on what it is pertaining to? 
And thirdly, on TGMINDA. You announced a capex of INR 175 crores. So it's completely borne 
by the company? Or it would be split between Toyoda Gosei and Uno Minda? And lastly, sir, 
just capex and investment numbers for FY '23? If you could guide us that would be helpful. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Yes. So in terms of, Rishi, starting serialized. So alloy wheel. As you said, Kosei Minda JV, 
obviously, will get terminated and we'll get into a technical licensing agreement. Even today, 
we are sort of having the services only on a lead-based requirement, whatever -- for any support 
we need. So that will continue. And the same kind of setup what we have in form of JV will get 
passed -- set in into our TLA. Only thing is they will not have equity partnership. Otherwise, 
whatever technical support we are getting, that will continue. 
And whether this JV will consolidate or no, I can't comment today, but we will note your 
suggestion in terms of further simplifying the structure. Because once it becomes 100% 
subsidiary -- I think that's a good suggestion that we look at the appropriate time in the future. 
The two wholly owned subsidiaries, they are more of enabling things. As you remember, even 
last time when we have opened two subsidiaries, which we have got registered into our PLI 
scheme. So this is more groundwork which we do. We have a couple of entities ready for any 
potential such opportunity or a potential JV for which we might need. But as of now, there is not 
going to be any operations in these two entities. 
The TGMINDA capex is going to be fully funded by the company through a mix of debt and 
equity. There is not going to be any equity infusion either by TG or by Uno Minda. 
And last, capex FY '23. I think the numbers which we guided last quarter, that remain of around 
INR 600-odd crores -- INR 600 crores to INR 700 crores kind of a capex for FY '23. And just to 
sort of update you, the TGMINDA capex if you'll do, that will not appear into our capex because 
the capex guidance which we give that is what we see in the consolidated financials, and TG is 
not consolidated. It is accounted as a JV- associate. So this capex will not figure in our annual 
capex. 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Karan Kokane from AMBIT Capital. 
Karan Kokane: 
Just wanted some clarity on this Buehler Motor's order. So in the presentation you have 
mentioned that you're doing a capex of INR 110 crores. So what would be the revenue potential? 
And is this a part of the INR 300 crores? Or this is on top of that? 
Sunil Bohra: 
No, the INR 300 crores was the business and then INR 110 crores is capex. So I think, if I'm 
understanding correctly, they are two different numbers. INR 110 crores of capex is what we 
have announced, but it can generate potentially capex of INR 400 crores to INR 500 crores over 
next four to five years. This is what we said last quarter when we have entered into the JV. Yes. 
So anything else? 
Ankur Modi: 
So that is on top of it. 
Sunil Bohra: 
That is separate. So that is capex, and this is revenue. So they are two separate things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constrain, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sunil Bohra for closing comments. 
Sunil Bohra: 
Sorry. I think maybe we could take one more question. I think we have still two, three minutes. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. We have the next question from the line of Komal Ladha from YellowJersey. 
Komal Ladha: 
Firstly, congratulations for the good set of numbers. I just wanted to ask, like the two-wheelers 
hasn't growing that much. So what might be the reason? And what can we expect in coming 
quarters? 
Sunil Bohra: 
It's very difficult, Komal. We normally don't comment on what the industry volumes are going 
to do. I think it's best answered by our customers. So we will not like to comment on behalf of 
our customers in terms of the industry volumes. I hope you won't mind it. You can take one 
more. It's okay. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Congratulations. Always outrunning your expectations. Sir, I just wanted to check. So is there 
any element of inventory being stocked up at the customers for any of the products that we 
manufacture. So going forward, will our growth rate be at par and plus the OEM growth rates? 
Or there could be a lag effect to that? 
Sunil Bohra: 
There is no possibility, Shashank, that our customers will be stocking our product. I don't think 
our product at our scale customers will build inventory. Our customers they have milk run. Some 
of them take supplies 2x, 3x a day. So I won't say that our customers will be stocking up 
inventory for our products at all. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So there could be no lag effect to the OEM growth going forward. So obviously, we do 
outperform them content-wise, but there should not be any lag effect, right? 

Uno Minda Limited 
February 08, 2023 
Page 18 of 18 
Sunil Bohra: 
Absolutely. Thank you, everyone. So I would like to thank everyone for joining on the call. I 
hope we have been able to respond to all your queries adequately. For any further information, 
we request you to please do get in touch with us. Stay safe, stay healthy. And thank you once 
again for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Uno Minda Industries, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Tarun Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed by Tarun 
Kumar Srivastava 
Date: 2023.02.15 11:49:23 
+05'30'
