 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Registered Office: Mindspace Juinagar, Plot No Gen 2/1/F, Tower 1, 8th Floor, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Shirwane, Juinagar, Navi Mumbai  - 400 706 
CIN: L65100MH2007PLC171959 Tel: (+91 22) 7104 7000, website: www.finobank.com 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001          
(Scrip Code: 543386) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
(Symbol:  FINOPB)  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings call with the investor and analysts held on May 03, 2023 - Disclosure under 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing 
Regulations") 
 
Ref: Earnings call with Investors and Analysts on May 03, 2023 
 
In continuation to our letters dated April 26, 2023 and May 03, 2023; enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
earnings call with the investors and analysts held on May 03, 2023. 
 
Only information available in public domain was given to the investors/analysts. 
 
This information is also available on the Bank’s website i.e.  www.finobank.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Basavraj Loni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
 
Encl: a/a 
BASAVRAJ 
SHIVANAN
D LONI
Digitally signed by BASAVRAJ SHIVANAND 
LONI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=8681, 
pseudonym=be15eaffcf4dba3971e30ee110
5428c2005facbaa7a7dccb6fc8a38bea5a7e0
f, postalCode=410206, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6218379125ad35ea1f529e34
fdc467e4ab710ca0b69d84550d035b80b58
98171, cn=BASAVRAJ SHIVANAND LONI 
Date: 2023.05.08 15:53:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – FINO PAYMENTS BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. KETAN MERCHANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUP AGARWAL – FINANCIAL CONTROLLER – 
FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Fino Payments Bank Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you, Darwin. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Fino Payments Bank 
earnings call to discuss the Q4 and FY '23 results. We have on the call with us today, Mr. Rishi 
Gupta, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Ketan Merchant, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Anup Agarwal, Financial Controller.  
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be, therefore, viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. I 
now request the MD Mr. Rishi Gupta to take us through the company's business outlook and 
financial highlights, subsequent to which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you, Rajat. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today. As 
you all know, Fino has come a long way since its inception as a payments technology company 
in 2006. We became the first profitable payments bank in 2020 and since then have worked 
diligently to build a niche for ourselves in this space with profitability being our core. While 
Ketan Merchant, CFO will take you through the financial performance for the quarter for FY '23 
and FY '23 in detail. 
 
I would like to highlight that our revenue has grown 22% year-on-year for FY '23 and 13% year-
on-year on quarter 4 FY '23. PAT margins have improved in FY '23 significantly to 5.3% at 
INR65.1 crores against 4.2%, whereas for quarter 4 FY '23, it stands at 6.8%. Our business 
journey, as we have discussed earlier, is based on the TAM strategy, which is Transaction, 
Acquisition and Monetization.  
 
The first phase, which we call the Transaction phase is focused on building a base. It is a phase 
wherein our remittance and cash withdrawal products act as a hook to bring in customers to a 
Fino ecosystem. In this phase, we have set up our distribution network and happy to report that 
we have so far added 13.7 lakhs merchants to Fino ecosystem and build customer trust by 
providing them with innovative, timely solutions for their banking needs.  
 
We offer simple and convenient solutions like domestic money transfers, micro-ATM AEPS as 
neighborhood banking. And I'm also happy to state that we are one of the leaders in all the 3 
segments of business. The transaction phase requires strong execution skills and feet on ground 
and is the foundation for our next phase of growth. While Phase 1 continues to have its own 
growth strategy, we are now whole heartedly focused in building up the Phase II and Phase III 
of our business journey. Phase 2 of our business is focused on customer acquisition and 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
maintaining the ownership. This phase is well underway, and we are seeing great results, as you 
can see from the numbers yourself.  
 
Customers ownership is gaining momentum, and there is a strong trust equity build. This is also 
the phase where we lay the foundation for our customers' digital journey. And at the same time, 
open avenues for monetization through cross-sells and building a liability franchise, which has 
been challenged for most of the universal small finance banks. Our deposits have grown 
significantly by 66% to INR1,200 crores in FY '23 over last year which reassures that we are on 
the right track and that our customers believe in the Fino model and business partners -- banking 
partners.  
 
The success of our second phase is evident from the strong CASA growth, which has shown a 
CAGR of 74% since FY '20. We have built great momentum in this segment and are opening an 
account almost every 10 seconds. We have added 3 million new CASA accounts in FY '23, 50% 
more than what we added in FY '22. Our endeavor is to convert the walk-in transacting 
customers, I'll repeat, our endeavor is to convert the walk-in transacting customer off us to 
CASA customer on us, and we have been able to do it successfully.  
 
This also results in the shift of the revenue pie from transaction business to higher-margin 
ownership business. This is important so I'll repeat it once again. This also results in a shift of 
our revenue pie from transaction business to higher-margin ownership business. While we are 
going wider, we are also able to maintain customer stickiness. There has been a massive increase 
in the renewal income, which has grown almost 10x in the last 3 years.  
 
Our debit card spends have shown a CAGR growth of 66% since FY '20. Digital throughput has 
grown its share of total throughput from 16% in quarter 1 FY '23 to 23% in quarter 4 FY '23. On 
an average, we have been at 20% growth on UPI Digital compared to last year. The customer 
activeness and physical or digital platform is increasing, thereby showing higher annuity income 
in the form of subscription renewals.  
 
So UPI Digital now constitutes 20% of our total throughput vis-a-vis 10%, which was there last 
year. UPI is actually beneficial to our business. And a lot of times, people actually think that 
UPI is a cost center, and you don't make money, but UPI has incidental benefits and that is why 
we say UPI is actually beneficial to our business and we have observed that our customer 
renewal rate is higher for transaction UPI customers versus non-UPI customers. 
 
The average is about 83%, 84% versus 60% otherwise. As a bank, our endeavor is always to be 
there with our customers. So our aim is to become preferred in everyday banking customer, and 
that is where we have put a slogan called HarDinFino. So we want to become a transacting bank 
for our customers, and that's why we call ourselves an everyday bank. 
 
We started working with our customers to build their digital journey, which will be the key 
driver for our future growth. We are actually adding physical and digital together so becoming 
a true digital company. We are building new digital products and targeting new customer 
segments. We are also strengthening our digital partnerships and doing tires with technology 
and Fintech companies with specific use cases to help them open CASA relationships and 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
expand our base as well as their base. In FY '23, this was around December of '22 when we 
launched our digital savings account and we have opened nearly 40,000 accounts since then in 
the last quarter.  
 
We also started to focus a lot more on our FinoPay and our digital journey. So roughly about 5.7 
lakh monthly active unique customers are there on the FinoPay app, which has seen a growth of 
about 3.5x over FY '22. Nearly 35% to 40% of our customers are actually transacting on the UPI 
platform as we speak. UPI and mobile banking continued to be an integral part of the digital 
offering by the bank, and we are focusing on building new capabilities on our UPI and mobile 
banking offering so as to tap the Tier 1 and Tier 2 and also grow digital in Tier 3 cities. 
 
You will be happy to note that your company has actually moved away from a third-party UPI 
switch and build their own switch in-house. And we are already starting to see the benefit of 
moving the switch internally rather than with a third party. And it's a big change. I must say we 
are one of the very few companies or banks who have internal UPI switch. CMS being our 
second high-margin product is also a key growth driver for us in FY '23. And we continue to 
remain a growth driver in FY '24 as well.  
 
From a model 39 partners in FY '20, we have come a long way. And now we have 186 partners. 
And as you can see in the presentation, it talks about the variety of partnerships from NBFC to 
online to CRA to banks to e-commerce companies. So we have definitely come a long way in 
our CMS business. CMS throughput has grown by 10x from INR4,300 crores in FY '20 to nearly 
INR46,000 crores in FY '23. That's a 10x growth in a matter of 4 years. We have been able to 
achieve and deliver primarily on account of our foundation of distribution network covering the 
length and breadth of our country. 
 
Our priorities for FY '22 will be to continue the customer acquisition momentum, strengthen the 
customer ownership, enhance merchant network and increased digital footprint through fintech 
and B2B partnerships. While these are the key management priorities. In fact, in our 
presentation, we have included our goals also for 2026. While this is our key management 
priorities, our driving principle will be to create a sustainable and creditable bank, something 
which we have been speaking about and talking in the last 2, 3 events as well. With this, I would 
like to hand over to Ketan Merchant, CFO, to walk us through the financial results. Over to you, 
Ketan. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us once 
again. As Rishi mentioned, we have come a long way since 2006, and this is our 13th consecutive 
quarter of strong profitability, and I can say that's highest profitable quarter till date and also the 
highest year-end closure in terms of profitability.  
 
Let me start with some distinct statistics. Our margins have improved by 240 basis points, 2.4% 
to 32.7% in quarter 4 '23, which was at 13.3% in quarter 1 '23. EBITDA has increased from 
8.4% in FY '22 to 11.1% in FY '23 and the exit run rate in quarter 4 '23 13.3%. Our FY '23 PAT 
is up 52% in stands at INR65 crores, 25% up from quarter 4 as compared to the previous -- on a 
year-on-year basis.  

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Our asset-light model and strong focus on high-margin products, as Rishi said, are the key levers 
for driving our growth. Throughput has increased by 36% to a whopping number of INR2.55 
lakh crores. This number for the previous year was INR1.87 lakh crores. As Rishi mentioned, 
we've been working diligently to bring a strong merchant base and investment we have made in 
Phase 1 of the business, which he alluded to as transaction focus is now delivering results. I 
would like to bring to your attention to one key aspect of our performance.  
 
The fact that operating leverage is kicking in as we scale up, and this is evident from cost-income 
ratio, which has come down by 11% over the 3-year period. We were at 37% of cost income 3 
years back and now this is 25.9% or 26%. On the related note, just to note that our operating 
expenses year-on-year has grown by 3.4%, whereas revenue has grown by 22%. I will now 
quickly touch upon product-wise performance. Part of it, Rishi, in his headlines and in a trend 
over a strategic aspect is given.  
 
CASA.  - As you would have seen from our presentation, we are currently focused on acquisition 
phase and the key driver for growth here is CASA. We are delivering robust performance here 
and opening a new CASA account every 10 seconds. We have a CASA base of around 75 lakhs, 
which is an increase of 64% on a Y-o-Y basis.  
 
Revenue has gone up by 87% primarily driven by CASA acquisition, which I just mentioned, 
and annuity income as well. Our total deposit has also shown a significant growth and have 
grown by 66% from INR724 crores to INR1,200 crores on a year-on-year basis. Average cost 
of funds for us stands at 1.9%. Low-cost deposits without acquisition cost of acquiring the 
liabilities account is a real differentiated aspect for us. 
 
Continuing the ownership strategy, while we are increasing our CASA base, we are also working 
hard to ensure a customer engagement and stickiness. The best way to see that is to improving 
customer loyalty is through CASA's renewal income, as I call it annuity income. This has grown 
for us by 167% on a Y-o-Y basis. This, for us, is an annuity income and mix base for Fino 2.0.  
 
A strong renewal income also reflects a healthy bottom line because the margin for renewal 
income is 75%. Currently, renewal income is at INR74 crores. This is for FY '23 and constitutes 
1/3 of CASA income, which we anticipate and working towards making it 50% over next couple 
of years. 50% of the CASA income should be through renewal. CMS, Rishi also mentioned it 
off. It's our second high-margin product, and we continue to enjoy a leadership position in this 
space.  
 
Our revenue has grown by 79% in FY '23 with diversified clientele and constitute 8% of our 
revenue pie. We are now hitting volume of INR4,500 crores per month. Our throughput has 
increased by 93% in FY '23 and which is at INR46,000 crores plus over FY '22. We continue to 
add new partners here, which diversify our client base. 
 
Over the last two years, our client mix has moved from 97% in NBFC MFI in FY '21 to 51% in 
FY '23, along with double throughput on a year-on-year basis. This is the growth which we have 
seen in CMS largely. As at 31st March '23, we have 186 CMS clients across sectors, whether 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
it's banks, NBFCs, e-comm, cab aggregators and all. We are now covering 14 states with average 
monthly throughput of over INR100 crores in Q4 '23. This number in Q3 '23 was 8 states.  
 
Again, the advantage of widespread distribution network enables us to cater in this product. So 
new client addition and expanding reach is our key priority year. AEPS, this is the part of the 
transaction income, which Rishi alluded to. Our AEPS revenue has grown by 25% Y-o-Y, while 
the AEPS industry growth was around -- was more or less flat at or growing by 0.3%, the 
throughput for Fino grew at a healthy 8.8% Y-o-Y. AEPS momentum or the growth has helped 
us to partially compensate the challenges or the industry by challenges which we are facing 
across MATM. Very quickly on Fino 2.0, Rishi has already covered some statistics just to 
reiterate it off.  
 
Our FinoPay digital accounts, which we have opened. We have -- in 3 months' time, we opened 
more than 40,000 accounts, and FinoPay users have grown by 3.6x. Our digital throughput is 
now close to 20% of the total throughput for FY '23 and 23% in quarter 4 '23. Fintech and B2B 
partnership would be our prime focus for revenue generation.  
 
We now have a full UPI open banking stack as Rishi explained and are looking at a very holistic 
partnership approach here. We are continuously focusing on building new capabilities on UPI 
ecosystem and mobile banking offering. Based on renewal trends, and this is very important to 
allude to a point which Rishi said, what are the incidental benefits which UPI is giving to us.  
 
Based on the renewal trend, we noticed that the probability of renewal of customers doing UPI 
transactions. This is the current account renewal is as high as 83% as compared to a normal 
customer, which is 60%. This is the benefit of the ecosystem, and this is why we are investing 
into digital as well. I will now sum up by saying that we are on high growth trajectory with 
inherent asset-light model and cost control, our profitability growth percentage in times to come 
will continue to grow by 2.5x of the revenue growth percentage.  
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ashish Kumar from Infinity Alternatives. 
Ashish Kumar: 
My question was in relation to a couple of your business lines, which have actually seen a 
degrowth this year. One was your micro-ATM as well as on the business correspondent side, 
where we've seen a degrowth this year. Can you kind of let us know what is happening on the 
industry? And what's your outlook going forward on those 2? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, on the micro ATM side, two things, one is on the cash withdrawal business and remittance 
business in general, one thing which I also mentioned in my opening remarks was the shift from 
off us to on us. So partly the revenue of micro ATM remittances as well as AEPS has moved 
from that line of business to our CASA income category as an account holder. So one part is that 
apart from that, on an overall basis, the micro ATM market, which we saw a big surge happened 
during the post-COVID during the COVID period, is now kind of stabilized.  
 
So we are not seeing a substantial growth or growth in the industry per se as far as micro ATM 
is concerned. There was a surge of competition, which came around '21, '22, which has also 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
eaten up into markets for everybody. So we believe micro ATM will move sideways only for 
some time before we can see a trust coming in that segment. 
 
As far as the BC business is concerned, in the BC business, there are 2 things which are there. 
One is that getting new business on the BC side has become more challenging post the payments 
bank license and then the SFB conversation. So that getting new mandates have become more 
difficult on account of that. And secondly, also, the focus of the ground team is more in terms 
of building up their own revenue rather than a BC revenue because the margins in BC revenue 
is lower than our own business revenue margins.  
 
So to some extent, that gets sidetracked to some extent, while there are internal conversations in 
terms of how do we bring that back. And so some actions we have taken this year to segregate 
the teams completely so that we can focus on both the businesses separately other than each 
business eating into each other. But just on both the sides, we, in our projections also the growth 
projections you're talking about. We are not expecting a very high growth in either of the 2 lines 
of businesses that you just mentioned. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Sure. And the second question was on growth per se on Rishi. So while we look at the full year, 
22% is a very commendable growth in the payments business. For the quarter 4, if I look at it, 
the growth rate is at 13%. Do you think which is more sustainable? Can we go back to your 
historical growth rates of 20%? Or do you think it will be more in terms of the meetings to kind 
of budget ends? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Our target is to be at 20% growth for the year. Some quarters may see higher growth, some may 
see a lower growth. But on an average, we should maintain and that's the target which we are 
working on to maintain a 20% growth rate as such. This quarter, particularly, it has been a little 
low. You are right, 13%. We are also expecting a little higher partly because of the micro ATM 
and some cash withdrawal businesses not growing or degrowing at a faster rate than what we 
expected. But on an average basis, we should be growing at 20%. That's the target, and that's the 
plans which we have in place. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Nothing to read into this thing? 
Rishi Gupta: 
No, not really. Plus also that we are focusing, as you see, our own business rather than API 
business. So from a 62% owned business, we have moved to 67% on owned business. So that 
also improves our margins. Our net margin, which was 30.2%, has now become 32.8%, 
something like that, 32.7%. So those are substantially higher numbers jump out to 250 basis 
points in 1 year. On the net margin, I think, is a good jump. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Sure. And lastly, which is a data-keeping question for you Ketan. How long do you think our 
tax structure will continue 1 more or 2 more years? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Good one, Ashish, we have our tax losses, which will be able to cover us for FY '24. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Okay. So '25 will get to a full tax rate? 
Ketan Merchant: 
It looks like. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Reliance General Insurance. 
Harsh Shah: 
So I wanted to understand one thing that we have close to 75 lakh accounts. So how much of 
these accounts would be inactive? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Okay. So only one question, you have something more to add to it. 
Harsh Shah: 
No, I'll come back to other questions later on. 
Rishi Gupta: 
So roughly 60% of them are active when we look at from our activity level and about 35%, 40% 
of them are active on the UPI alone. So as the new acquisitions are using more UPI, we believe 
our activity levels will continue to grow. And that is why Ketan has also said that in the year to 
come, our renewal income and our new acquisition income should be more or less equal. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. So what will be our strategy to get the remaining 40% accounts to be more active? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So Harsh, the model which we are essentially running and the base effect, if you've seen in last 
year, we have opened around 30 lakhs account. We are doing some things to get those remaining 
40% also this thing. But however, for any such kind of a subscription business, if you do an 
industry analysis, a 60% plus renewal rate is something which is good.  
 
I'll come back to the statistics, which I earlier said it off in the entire UPI ecosystem, which we 
had mentioned, people who are using our UPI, which is growing tremendously and now 
constitutes 23% of our total throughput, the renewal rate is around 83%. So if we continue the 
momentum and if our hypothesis, which has been built over the last 12, 18 months, works out, 
we can see a natural progression happening. However, I will again say that off with an increasing 
base as well. Our annuity income, even at 60% on an overall basis should be a good point to 
reckon in terms of sustainability. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Having just to add to this, we are also running on multiple campaigns on digital as well as 
marketing campaigns to see how we can bring the inactive customers into active levels. So that 
is an ongoing thing which we keep on doing. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, what will be our digital expenses for FY '24 investment intake? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So on an overall basis, Harsh, we have -- we typically look at -- this is for FY '23, right? 
Harsh Shah: 
No, no, '24. What is the planned... 
Ketan Merchant: 
So I'm not making a pointed forward-looking statement out here. But however, I can say that we 
are looking at anywhere in the range of INR10 crores to INR12 crores plus kind of a digital for 
which I'm looking at in terms of the new partnerships and the new products which we are doing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have three questions actually over here. First is on the micro ATM book. So for FY '23, if I see 
the gross yield of micro ATM revenue by throughput, that's about 67 basis points, which is 
significantly higher than FY '22. So I want to understand whether it's because you were charging 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
more on the micro ATMs you sell more micro ATMs or did you start -- I mean, some color on 
this would be helpful.  
 
Also, while we are on the micro ATM topic, the RBI data shows that your market share in the 
past 3, 4 months has been stable at around 23%, 24%. So is this an indication of the competition 
coming down? Any color on this, that will be helpful.  
 
Second is on your AEPS. It's a data piecing question. Last year, you had given us that how much 
market share you hold in the AEPS industry. If you could help, that was at 11%. If you can give 
that number for FY '23, that will be useful? 
 
And third question is on the cost of funds and the yield. So the yields were quite high for FY 
'23, we came in at 5.6% and the cost of funds from we came in at 4.5% interest expense divided 
by borrowing the deposit. So how should I build this up for the next three years because this 
moves our revenues quite a bit now. So if you can help me with the questions? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, Ketan will talk about the cost of fund and borrowing. Let me just concentrate on the first 
micro ATM and AEPS question. So micro ATM as I mentioned earlier also that part of the 
movement of customers from off us to on us is eating up into the off us market share for Fino, 
but we are making more money and better margins by having the customer ownership rather 
than as an off us customer.  
 
And you are absolutely right. Our market share has been stable. So at least in the last 2, 3 months, 
we have not shown a degrowth on that number. We have been stabilizing on that. Competition 
is more or less the same. It has not gone better or worse from Fino's point of view. So micro 
ATM market is right now in a very stable phase, so to say. Coming to your second question on 
the AEPS.  
 
We continue to maintain among the top 4 banks in the country on AEPS. Our market share is 
now about 12.5% as such. I think in December, it was 11-odd percentage. Yes, something in that 
range Ketan, do you want to take the borrowing cost question? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes. So, just a couple of points if I've understood your borrowing related aspects. Firstly, 1.9% 
is the cost which we are looking at in terms of our deposits. So on a 1,200 basis deposit, which 
we have, our weighted average cost is 1.9. To that, obviously, there will be some borrowings 
which are at a market rate. These are our INR1,200 crores are the low-cost deposits, which we 
were essentially focusing on. Your reading is right that last year, we've seen around 220 basis 
points kind of a move happening. We have positively benefited out of that as well. In terms of 
our spread, which has been in the range of 3.5% to 4%, we intend -- our structuring is such that 
without any kind of ALM risk, we are looking at any spread up in the range of 3.5% still.  
 
Point to note, and I think Rishi also mentioned and it is there in one of the slides as well, where 
we've put our strategic kind of an outlook as well. This INR1,200 crores of deposits, which we 
have put, we are eventually we are not focused on building the balances as much in the past. If 
I go to Slide number 18, the kind of margins and the kind of balance sheet which we are looking 
at is we are definitely giving an impetus to this with the 66% growth in the previous year, we 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
are definitely looking at a INR3,500 crores kind of low-cost liability over the next couple of 
years, as mentioned in our Slide #18. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. So for my stats, I should -- for the next years, I should take it at about 3.5% to 4%. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, in that range. 
Shreya Shivani: 
In that range? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, please. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Singh from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Vishal Singh: 
I had just one question. While our throughput in CMS has grown quite strongly year-on-year, 
but it is a flat Q-on-Q despite adding kind of same number of partners during the quarter that 
we've been adding for the past few quarters. So just wanted to understand, is there a one-off? 
And how should we look about see it, I mean, going forward as well? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Good observation, Vishal, I was expecting this question. So you are absolutely right. On the 
CMS side, that quarter 4 versus quarter 3 of financial year '23 has more or less at just a few -- 
maybe a few hundred crore difference on that. I would take you to quarter 3 number. Quarter 3 
number, we saw an exceptional jump in our CMS business, somewhere around 27% 28% growth 
was there in 1 quarter is vis-a-vis quarter 2. And that was the quarter where we saw the festival 
season also. And because, as I mentioned earlier, we are now doing a lot of business in e-
commerce, logistics, CRA companies, banks over and above the NBFC MFI. So all of them saw 
a big jump in that business in that quarter. So our target for this quarter 4 was to maintain that 
number. So when you see a 28% jump in 1 quarter, obviously, you are -- you have preponed 
growth of nearly 2, 3 quarters in 1 quarter. So that is where we have our numbers in quarter 1 -
- quarter 4 of financial year FY '23 is more or less flat. But hopefully, in the coming quarters to 
see, we should see -- continue to see a growth in our CMS business. So this is one-off because 
of a substantial jump, which happened in quarter 3. And our target was to maintain that growth 
and to sustain that level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
In the cash flow statement, there is a fixed asset increase of INR94 crores during the year, so if 
you can briefly explain what are the major investments here? And the second question is 
regarding the subscription income and the CASA total income is around INR67 crores. So out 
of this, how much is the subscription income? 
Ketan Merchant : 
Let me just take the first point first. I know our increase which has happened on account of the 
INR95 crores, which you essentially said largely or mostly it is on account of technology. From 
first call onwards, I have been saying it of that we keep on investing into technology and service. 
And one more point to note is in all my factorings or in my projections, also, we are factoring 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
that our operating leverage will essentially come after this investment, whether in technology or 
digital.  
 
So just to give a perspective, and this is something which has come up in quarter 1 as well, that 
we will invest and we have put -- we have increased our capacity. We have done sophistication. 
We've had some RBI kind of a thing. We've also invested into digital aspect as well. So with all 
of this is the investment which we've essentially done. So that's the point of the first question. 
I'm so sorry, second question, I did hear you, but you may have to repeat it out. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Second question was regarding the subscription income. 
Ketan Merchant: 
So if you've seen our total growth in CASA is seen 87%. Our renewal is essentially grown by 
167% is what we have seen in renewal growth and for the reasons which I explained. We've 
opened around 30-odd lakh accounts in terms of the whole year. So on 30 lakh accounts, we 
have a revenue coming of 380% per account, and that's the income which we have seen in 
subscription. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kumar from Infinity Alternatives. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Thank you for giving me an opportunity again. I think Rishi and Ketan, you've done a 
phenomenal job in terms of keeping your fixed cost growth at 6% last year. How do you see it 
over the next 12 months for the coming fiscal year? Because a large percentage of your cost is 
employ related. So how do you see that over the next 12 months? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Ashish. Good point, and thanks for this question. I go back to my reference to quarter 1 as well. 
This year has been quite lower in terms of cost. I would answer this in 2 manners, the way the 
model which we have essentially built up, okay, is something which Rishi earlier alluded to that 
if we are growing at a rate of 20%, and I made it in my opening comments as well, typically, the 
profit will grow in the range of -- if this goes at 20% profit typically will have a 2.5 that as kind 
of a growth of the growth which is coming in the revenue. How will that essentially happen and 
which are the line items which we will grow?  
 
I earlier mentioned about the investment, which we're doing in digital and technology that will 
continue. However, our operating leverage, which has been playing, if that is your question, 
operating leverage has been playing good in terms of the fixed cost. So that intends to continue 
it off. So we will continue to have operating leverage coming for next couple of years as well. 
So is there any abnormal kind of a growth in cost for last year was an exception? The answer is 
no. Our model, which I explained, the equation between revenue and the profit percentage 
growth will remain and continue. 
Rishi Gupta: 
I just want to add to what Ketan is saying, Ashish is that the model which we have built in a very 
asset-light scalable model. So there is hardly any fixed cost except for the land power and some 
of the offices which we have. On large investments, which we are doing during the last year and 
the year to come will be largely on the technology and the digital side.  
 
So we are internally working on a full stack revamp of our entire technology stack, which we 
started last year. So that's where you see a large jump in fixed cost, fixed assets. and that will 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
continue in the next 2, 3 years to come because we are building up a completely new stack, 
which will make us future ready for the next 7 to 10 years. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Sure. So would it be fair to say that your operating costs might continue to grow in single digits. 
Is that a fair thing to pencil in from a modeling perspective? 
Ketan Merchant: 
You're putting it so pointed -- the answer is yes. 
Ashish Kumar: 
Okay. And secondly, on the depreciation, we're seeing the depreciation grow much faster than 
the revenue. And I understand fully that you are kind of building it in building in a full stack and 
the digital cost, the infrastructure is what you are investing in. So -- but that would kind of 
continue to grow at a much faster rate, I would presume in the next 12, 18 months? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, I think that's what Rishi was alluding towards and the question which Deep has asked as 
well that the investment which we essentially done in the past and will continue on technology 
and digital as well in the next couple of years as well. 
Rishi Gupta: 
You can see that from the volume growth, which we are doing on our business, both on the 
physical as well as the digital side, I think the growth has been phenomenal, and we continue to 
see that growth in the years to come. So it is important for us that we keep us a future ideas as 
technology is... 
Ashish Kumar: 
No, no, absolutely, that's a must-have requirement. So, these are more of modeling and questions 
just to kind of make sure... 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Rahil Shah: 
So sir, considering everything you just said about scaling up in digital as well as any necessary 
means. So at this moment, are you able to share any outlook for FY '24 in terms of revenue and 
the margins? So what can one expect -- are these sustainable numbers? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Rahil, I'm sorry, I am not sharing a perspective appointed number in terms of FY '24. However, 
I think we should take some view. We've given the strategic growth, which we have given in 
Slide #18, wherein we've shown how we're going to essentially grow over the next couple of 
years as well. So there is a queue out there.  
 
As regards to the growth momentum sustainable, I think between Rishi and myself, we've said 
what kind of top line growth which we are looking at, what kind of product growth which we 
are looking at in CASA and CMS. And if all of us we do that way and with the kind of cost 
which we Ashish just asked in the past, in the previous question, the kind of bottom line growth, 
which we should anticipate given our asset-light model. So while it's no number, but from a 
sustainability perspective, from a long-term perspective, the momentum is good, and this is what 
we mentioned later. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good numbers. I just wanted to understand in 
terms of notes to account, for other expense, you mentioned INR640 crores paid to business 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
correspondence for funding and your operating expense for the year is some INR915 crores. So 
is this figure going to be increasing or how it is you extreme... 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes. So Parimal, the way schedule 16 of the financial statements and notes to accounts REITs 
is, our business, this is common to the entire banking sector. Our business, we do not have an 
NII NFI split. So, all direct costs or what we call as product cost, which we essentially stage are 
part of this other expenses cost. This is a very unique thing for a payment bank where our fee-
based income is -- the commission is largely 95% of revenue and the cost as well.  
 
So this is nothing but what we call as a direct or the product cost. As we've said, if we are looking 
at a high-margin product, net margin, which we get for CASA CMS, which is 60 or 40, the 
product cost mean not as increase as much as the revenue kind of a cost. For other thing, if the 
question is related to what will be the margins which we are looking at, with the kind of growth 
which we are looking at, we are looking at a range bound and with a slightly upward bias in 
terms of margin. So what you picked up is the commission cost, which is a larger part of the cost 
which we call as product or direct cost for simplicity. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Okay. So since what I understand from your previous calls also, I think you're going to move 
towards your own channel partners compared to a business part of this cost to be increasing or 
a downward trend? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes. I think if you are looking at it, it is a fair point and Rishi also alluded to it. Since the 
beginning, we have been increasing on a quarter-by-quarter on a steady basis between our own 
channel and open banking channel. We are now at 67% and 33%. This is how it's essentially 
shaping up. We want to operate in the levers where we are range-bound in the extent of 67% to 
70% of our income coming from own and the remaining coming from API or open banking, 
sorry. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Okay. And secondly, just wondered to know, what is the regulatory requirement of cash that you 
will keep with RBI in terms of your cost accounting. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes. Parimal, that is also interesting for all of us who have been tracking banks. It is different 
for us to wait for is whatever deposits we generate, that we have to maintain something called 
DDB with the regulator or the banks. So whatever deposits essentially comes 75% of that has to 
be in G-secs and 25% can be deployed up to 25% can be deployed in bank deposits. Over and 
above that, whatever CRR cash reserve ratio, which applies to us as well. So whatever deposit 
comes, it has to fully go either into G-secs or bank deposits and 4% of that has to be kept with 
Reserve Bank of India as CRR. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Okay. Okay. And my last question is in terms of any policy in terms of dividend since you're 
coming to a profitable side and you go to fund normal taxes from next few onwards. Is there any 
way to ever do your shareholders or? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Sorry, Parimal, your question was on leverage or? 
Parimal Mithani: 
In terms of dividend distribution policy? What is the -- I think you’re coming to positive side 
and you... 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Ketan Merchant: 
We are -- our entity is a converted entity from this thing and earlier also, there was some question 
we are into the accumulated losses, which is why we're getting tax benefit as well. As and when 
we cover up our accumulated losses, we will be progressing or we will be exploring the dividend 
distribution policy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Umang Shah: 
Just one question that I have is what is the thought process in terms of exploring the possibility 
of conversion to -- or a transition to a small finance bank? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So Umang this is something which we have been discussing. We are inclined. -- let me put it 
that way, to convert ourselves to a small finance bank. -- is obviously a process which has to be 
followed. You can say we are in that day 1 of the process as far as getting our internal documents 
ready for application, getting the internal approvals, getting the entire understanding, which is 
required for an SFB. So all that work is happening. It will anyway we are 18 months to 24 months 
process from the time we apply to RBI. And that is the stage at which we are. But if you look at 
some of the matrices, which we have specified, especially if you look at Page #18, which talks 
about the total deposits, the INR2 crores customers, the 20 lakh merchants, the kind of balances 
which will be there, it goes to show that the foundation is already underway to build up a very 
differentiated digital bank, which will have an SFB license. It will not be an SFB, the way the 
kind of SFBs you see currently. It will be a very differentiated digital data-driven bank, which 
will have an SFB license, so to say. 
Umang Shah: 
Sure. So just to understand this correctly, you mentioned that it's still 18 to 24 months before we 
apply and assuming if we get all the approvals and if the transition has to happen, obviously, it's 
going to be 24 months out. I mean, not before that. Is that understanding correct? 
Rishi Gupta: 
No, no, no, that 18 to 24 months is from the time of the application, not 18 to 24 months to apply, 
application will happen in this calendar year. But the conversion will take 18 to 24 months for 
even on to you in terms of approvals, technology, getting everything in place. One big 
requirement is on the capital side, which is there in many. But in our case, we have enough 
capital to start the SFB. So it is more of technology and getting the team together once we get 
the approval. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Bhaskar Chaudhry from Entrust Family Office 
Investment Advisers. 
Bhaskar Chaudhry: 
Sorry, this might be a little bit of a basic question. But when I look at your target for FY '26 on 
Slide 19, it looks like that you have assumed that the effective take rate, which is the conversion 
of your total throughput to revenue will remain the same between FY '23 and FY '26 on a 
percentage basis. However, if you look at the past 3, 4 years, it has been consistently coming 
down. So what are you going to like move the needle here so that it remains the same or 
approximately the same? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So good observation. In terms of leverages throughput of INR2.5 lakh crores between digital 
and physical. Our digital throughput, which is INR50,000 crores in FY '23, we are expecting a 
forex growth on that piece, which could be -- which is a combination of both the number of 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
customers using digital as well as the digital throughput per customer going up. So that is one 
observation. So that 50,000 to INR2 lakh. The other is that physical throughput is roughly about 
INR2 lakh crores write-down. We are expecting it to go to INR3 lakh crores over the next 3 
years. That means about 25% -- 25% to 30% growth, we expect to happen it over the next 3 
years, which is a combination again of remittances, cash withdrawal, largely AEPS and CMS 
business.  
 
So all of that put together, and we also started our work on a new LOB on the payment side, 
which is just in the first month of implementation, so we'll talk about it in the next quarter 
earnings call. And that also will add up to this total throughput, which we expect to happen in 
the next -- and some of it will happen this year, but substantially will start from next year 
onwards. 
Bhaskar Chaudhry: 
And these would be at higher take rate, so to speak? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, take rates, more or less, these take rates will be definitely better than the API take rates. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kosthav Gomna from BMSPL Capital. 
Kosthav Gomna: 
Just a basic question. On your total treasury income -- on your total treasury investments that 
you made because of your CASA business. What is your M2M MTM gain for FY '23? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes. Thanks. -- latest put again set it off. We are not doing any kind of a trading and we do not 
have any trading portfolio essentially coming neither anything is in HFT. There is no distinct. 
So it's an AFS kind of a portfolio which we essentially run through. Our average tenure is largely 
6 months kind of a scenario.  
 
We are allowed just by the virtue of our regulations also, we have essentially allowed investment 
up to 1 year, and that's the regulation of the payment bank. So whilst I understand your question, 
which is coming that given the kind of the yields which have increased, is there any hit which 
has come on account of HFT book or on account of an HTM kind of a book, -- the answer is no. 
We are holding in AFS and there is not material MTM, which is its or which is benefited us in 
any manner in FY '23. 
Kosthav Gomna: 
Okay. So the question was stemming out of -- do you have any -- so out of this -- I mean, based 
on regulation presentation, you obviously break down everything in as revenue, product revenue. 
But based on regulation that you give your financial results, it comes under other income, right? 
So the point is, is that in this other income? Is there anything notional or it's all realized value? 
Rishi Gupta: 
No, it's all realized value. There's nothing which is essentially notional, which comes from -- 
which can typically come for any other bank given the in banking regulation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. 
Parimal Mithani: 
I just wanted to understand, you mentioned in your opening remarks, and you moved from a 
third-party UPI to your own UPI for, how does it benefit us? And what are the -- can you explain 
that? 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Rishi Gupta: 
So there are 2, 3 benefits by moving the switch UPI switch to our own in-house switch. One is 
that we have full control over the switch the development on the UPI platform is faster. That is 
one. The secondly is the fact that UPI switch capable of handling larger volumes of transactions, 
and we are able to -- as you can see, the growth has been substantial on the digital side. So one 
is from a speed to execution is faster.  
 
The second is that it captures the growth aspect. Third is the quality of the switch is there. So in 
terms of the faster turnaround time on transactions, the technical declines, the ability to handle 
large volume of transactions. Currently, the IPL season is on. And we see a surge of nearly 2.5x 
from 6:55 p.m. to 7:25 p.m. every day.  
 
And that surge we are able to handle with our new UPI switch. And the fourth is that because of 
the movement of which from a third party to our own, we definitely will get some cost advantage 
also. So it kind of -- it is a model booster for our team as well, both the technology and the digital 
because we are able to be one of the very few banks who is actually running on their own UPI 
platform. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Parimal, on the last point, while Rishi explained the quality kind of a thing on the financial kind 
of a thing which we are looking at anywhere in the range of INR70 lakhs per month saving, 
which comes on account of this UPI. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Yes. In terms of your related party transaction between the holding company and you, there is a 
service charge for infrastructure. So what is the stats to explain that? 
Ketan Merchant: 
What essentially happens is we have some premises which are being inter used. So we have 
taken an arm's length kind of a situation out there, and that's what we are essentially having 
intercompany charges between the holdco and the bank. 
Parimal Mithani: 
But in terms of the software part in the -- what do you call the technical in the minister entity. 
Ketan Merchant: 
That is everything essentially is in the listed entity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishrut Bubna an individual investor. 
Vishrut Bubna: 
Just a quick question on this period. I'm not sure if this was mentioned in the last call, but are all 
cross-selling any sort of lending or insurance products to the current customer base? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, we have been working on that and some mixed progress, which is there are jewel loan which 
is gold loan has gone up in the quarter 4 number. Our individual lines of credit for customers as 
well as for merchants has also gone up. But having said that, does it meet our expectation? Not 
really. We are still falling short of our expectation.  
 
I think we need to work a little bit more in terms of getting the right partners onto the platform. 
Is there a demand for the customer? Definitely, the demand is there. But I think we have been 
working with largely the fintech players and fintech players have been facing some challenges 
lately, post the tightness on the regulation. So we are working on building up some more lending 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
partnerships, which should see a more consistent flow of loan coming into our customers' 
accounts. 
 
Second is on the insurance side. Insurance, we are reasonably maintaining our run rate on the 
health insurance per se. We are in the process of rolling out our investments, which is on the 
mutual fund aggregator platform that we have received the approval from the Reserve Bank of 
India. We are in the process right now in the process of integrating that platform, it has taken 
longer than what we had actually planned for. But that is something which should go live in this 
financial year. 
Vishrut Bubna: 
And are there any sort of numbers on like the cross-sell rate or what percentage of the base is 
sort of gravitating towards being cross-sell one or more for these traditional products? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So when we look at the cross-sell largely, I would say, roughly 2% to 3% of the customer 
segment is currently which we are focusing on as -- so first, we have to get the supply side in 
place. So right now, we have a supply side issue on the credit side. Once we have that thing in 
place that is when we are going to actively and look at a deeper kind of products with our 
customers as well as our merchants so to see. 
Vishrut Bubna: 
Great. And just one quick clarification. I just wondered on the accounting side. The top line 
revenue that you report, I just wanted to clarify that, that consists of the net interest income and 
the revenue generated from the business correspondent activities, right? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, indeed, 1230 is the total revenue which we look at. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone, for joining the quarter 4 FY '23 call of Fino 
Payments Bank. As we started with, we are continuing with our TAM strategy of transaction to 
account to monetization. As you can see, our Phase 1 has gone quite well. acquisition, which is 
past Phase 2 is also going quite well both in terms of new customers, renewals, our liability 
franchise as well as the income which we are generating on digital transactions.  
 
Monetization is an area where we need to strengthen ourselves on the credit partnerships. And 
as we go into the next year or this financial year, we will build some more LOBs, which we'll 
be talking about in our quarter 1 or quarter 2 presentations, which are largely around the 
payments ecosystem. Let me assure you that the customers are moving to the digital platform, 
and Fino is already ready and getting more ready, both on the technology and the digital side. 
As we move our customers from physical to digital journey as well as from off us to on us. And 
thank you for your support in this journey of Fino till now. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
