 
13th February, 2023 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 01 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                        
 
Scrip Code: 500201  
 
 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and          
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Q3FY23 Results 
Conference Call 
 
Further to our letters dated 8th and 10th February, 2023 and pursuant to       
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Results 
Conference Call for Q3FY23 held on Friday, 10th February, 2023 is attached. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com. 
 
This is for your information and records please. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ankur Jain 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
ankur jain
Digitally signed by 
ankur jain 
Date: 2023.02.13 
18:09:07 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
  
“India Glycols Limited 
 Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RUPARK SARSWAT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. ANAND SINGHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. SANJEEV GURWARA – PRESIDENT - MARKETING  
MR. ANKUR JAIN – HEAD LEGAL AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANJESH JAIN – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the India Glycols Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thanks, Frank. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining on India Glycols Limited Q3 
and 9M FY '23 Results Conference Call. We are joined on this call with India Glycols 
management, represented by Mr. Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Anand Singhal, 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sanjeev Gurwara, President - Marketing, and Mr. Ankur Jain, Head 
Legal and Company Secretary.  
I would like to invite Mr. Rupark Sarswat to initiate this proceeding with his opening remarks, 
post which we will have a Q&A session. Over to you, sir.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you, Sanjesh, and good afternoon, each one of you who joined us a little belated, but a 
little in advance as far as the financial year is concerned, wishing you all a very happy New 
Year. Now let me take you through to slides that I have put across and the highlights for the last 
quarter.  
So as you would have seen, it's been in some ways a good quarter for us, if I look at the quarterly 
results. So at a high level, our gross turnover at INR 1,524 crores, though is down by 13%. I will 
comment on it in a moment. Our net turnover at INR 554 crores also down by about 30%.  
However, our EBITDA at INR 76 crores is up by 23.7%. And if you see the EBITDA margin is 
also up to 13.6%, up 591 basis points. So we've seen a good EBITDA recovery on the back of 
improved cost and product mix. And I will comment in a little while on the drop in turnover, 
mainly because we discontinued some low-margin businesses, and I will explain that in a little 
bit.  
If you look at on a YTD for the nine months, our gross turnover at INR 5,026 crores is up 1.6%. 
Our net turnover at INR 2,032 crores is down 8.7%. But our EBITDA at INR 219 crores is up 
13.8%, and EBITDA margin at 13.8% is also up 210 basis points. 
One of the things you would remember, but I would nevertheless repeat, is that on a like-to-like 
basis, for the comparative prior year, we also had one quarter of sales for the Specialty Chemicals 
business, which was made part of the joint venture. Overall, I think it has been good in terms of 
recovery of EBITDA across sectors led by Ennature Biopharma. And I think those are important 
from the fundamentals of the business point of view.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
So overall, good recovery for the quarter in terms of EBITDA, EBIT, which is up 32% on a 
year-on-year basis. Though there has been a revenue decline by about 30% in Q3. EBITDA 
margin is up by 24% for Q3 on a year-on-year basis. Good recovery for 9M on a year-on-year 
basis with EBIT up 17%, and revenue though is down 8.5%. EBITDA margin up 14% on a year-
on-year basis. 
Now the revenue is down primarily because we discontinued some low-margin businesses, 
partly because we made certain operational changes to scale down production and not having to 
put volumes at low margin. Now what it means is that for some of our plants, we had to run 
them at a minimum throughput rate, which are large continuous plants. Now given the pressure 
that we had on peak of prices and energy prices, etc , it took us some time to make some changes 
so that we could actually significantly scale it down. So some of the volumes which we had to 
sell at lower margins is no more being done. I think that is one of the reasons why, one of the 
most significant reasons why our volumes are down.  
And also, there is an impact of the business, as I said, for one quarter, which was transferred to 
the joint venture, whose volumes were part of the revenue for Q1 of prior year for comparison. 
So I can say that as far as Q3 is concerned, there is excellent margin recovery across sectors. So 
it is -- EBIT is up 22% for bio-based Specialties and Performance Chemicals. It is up 28% for 
the portable spirits. It is up 28% for Ennature Biopharma. And for a nine month period, EBIT is 
up 7% for BSPC. 8% for PS, which is Portable Spirits and up 27% for Ennature Biopharma.  
Now if you look at the PBT, however, is down by 65%, mainly because of the impact of transfer 
of the bio-waste ethoxylates and select derivative business to the Clariant IGL joint venture, 
which had led to an exceptional income from the slump sale. So that is the reason why the PBT 
is down.  
And also, we have an impact which has also been taken into account, which is a gain of INR 28 
crores from the sale of Kashipur Infrastructure and Freight Terminal Private Limited, which was 
a non-core asset and has been dealt with. For the quarter, however, PAT is up 108% in Q3 to 
INR 50 crores.  
And in terms of other highlights, cost pressures in some ways have continued. So if you look at 
ethanol prices, which is our main feedstock and most of it we were actually just even one year 
ago, importing from the US or Brazil, continues to be at a high price. Those have not really come 
down. But what has happened is, if you remember, we have been talking about our grain based 
ethanol plants being commissioned, which have been commissioned. They are being run up to 
capacity, which has significantly helped us mitigate the impact of huge feedstock price increases.  
Given this, we wanted to do it steadily. We are evaluating further expansion and I think our 
objective is to become completely, if I may say, Aatmanirbhar and not be dependent on imports 
of ethanol, which I think is going to secure our margin in many ways. Apart from that, we've 
been working on operational and expense improvements and improvement on costs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
And there also have been a movement in energy prices, which has been softening, particularly 
coal prices. And as you know, there has been a significant reset on international freight. We 
expect that these trends will continue in the quarters to come. I have mentioned that the joint 
venture has had a tough quarter and nine months, mainly because of the increased cost of feed-
stocks. And we've also executed, I can tell you an agreement with the Renew Green Private 
Limited in January 2023 to procure captive wind and solar hybrid power. 
Now that will start coming to us in a period of two years, but it will deliver, not only will it 
deliver significant cost savings. But from a green energy perspective and particularly from our 
sense, it will also help us strengthen our sustainability credentials. We've from time-to-time 
talked about our slow and steady movement towards more value-added products. And our first 
phase of expansion for new specialties is expected to commission between February and May 
because it is two different units within the unit. And we hope to start building a new value-added 
specialty chemicals business starting in the coming financial year.  
We were asked questions about the cost and the fact that we had pressures on cost. And I have 
kind of maintained that while we are going through very volatile and what appears to be a 
completely unexpected challenging time from an ideal perspective.  
If you see, it was very difficult to imagine that ethanol prices which were at INR 34 - INR 35, 
just about 1.5 years ago, are continuing to hover at INR 60-plus. And it was not easy for us 
because we compete with crude alternatives. And I think our strategy in terms of you to offer 
and articulate it in terms of 3x3, mitigating the risk in terms of our feedstock, which is what 
we've done by installing significant grain-based capacity. 
And also our movement towards a better product mix. It appears while slow and steady, but we 
are heading in the right direction. And we expect that will continue in the quarters to come. Now 
with that, let me quickly give you some highlights for the business segment. So if you look at 
Bio based Specialty and Performance Chemicals, for the quarter, EBIT is up by 22.3% compared 
to prior year though there has been a significant drop in reported sales, and I had just explained 
the reason for that. On 9M basis, EBIT is up 6.5%, though revenue is down by 17.6%. For the 
reasons that I mentioned and also the factor that for one quarter for the prior year in comparison, 
we also had the speciality sales which were transferred to the joint venture.  
And we mentioned that we've discontinued low-margin, high-volume business, also helped by 
certain operational changes to scale down production to achieve the same. We managed to get 
some price increases to cover ethanol and conversion costs. I talked about the in-house grain-
based ethanol production, which is helping us improve margins and the fact that we are looking 
at further expanding capacity. 
Bio-based MEG margins have improved. And the good thing is that despite such a delta, we've 
maintained our profits for the bio-based MEG business. Our business in glycol ethers did not do 
as well, particularly in exports because of the pressure that we faced due to the prices of butyl 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
and propyl-based alternatives, whose prices came down quite sharply. We hope and also expect 
that the position will steadily improve on this front as well. I spoke to you about the new specialty 
unit. And I think it's very important for us in the next few years to build the new value-added 
chemicals business. 
Now talking about portable spirits, for the quarter, EBIT is up 28%, revenue up 7% compared 
to prior year. For 9M, EBIT is up 8.2%, revenue up 11.3%. Sales have improved particularly in 
the branded country liquor segment, and we continue to maintain a leadership position in Uttar 
Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Amazing Vodka is picking up market traction in state of UP, 
Uttarakhand and Delhi. And costs here as well, partly because of grain-based ethanol that we 
are producing is helping not only the chemicals business but also the portable spirits business, 
have been reduced and packaging material costs have also been stabilizing. 
So that's also a positive, and we are hoping that positive, if at all, will steadily improve in the 
subsequent quarters. We've had a good year for Ennature Biopharma with revenues up 27% and 
EBIT up 28% for the quarter and revenue up 24% and EBIT up 27% for nine months for the 
year so far. So we've increased domestic share for Thiocolchicoside by acquiring orders from 
some major customers. We've made changes to the Thiocolchicoside facility to reduce cost and 
increase output. 
In the pure nicotine segment, we've seen some demand slowdown, but we've been focusing on 
customers, particularly the ones which give higher value and pharma based nicotine derivatives. 
We continue to work on new products and new formulations and more value-added products in 
Ennature Biopharma as well. So I have essentially completed again to reiterate, I think broadly, 
we are following our strategy of mitigating our cost risk on two fronts on the feedstock front, on 
the cost and efficiency front and also on taking steps to add more value-added products in a 
diverse portfolio, leveraging our stance in terms of chemistry, product development, our strength 
in ethanol, and also our financials and sustainability.  
So with that, I'll take a pause, and I'll request my colleague, Anand to give you a brief on financial  
Anand Singhal: 
Good afternoon. Just to cover briefly the performance for Q3 and for the 9M, the revenue from 
operations net of excise in this current quarter is INR 554 crores vis-a-vis INR 795 crores in the 
last year corresponding quarter. The EBITDA for the current quarter is INR 76 crores vis-a-vis 
INR 62 crores in the last year same quarter. PBT is INR 53 crores in the current quarter vis-a-
vis INR 31 crores, and profit after tax is INR 50 crores, vis-a-vis INR 24 crores. So EPS for the 
current quarter is INR 16.20, vis-a-vis INR 7.80 in the last year's corresponding quarter. 
To take up the 9M financial performance, the nine months revenue from operations, net of excise 
is INR 2,032 crores vis-a-vis INR 2,226 crores in the last year nine months. The EBITDA is INR 
219 crores vis-a-vis INR 192 crores in the last year nine months period. The PBT is INR 119 
crores, vis-a-vis INR 337 crores in the last year nine months. As Rupark ji has just told that this 
includes the profitability out of the sale of the COD business to Clariant, which is around INR 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
226 crores. And profit after tax is INR 101 crores, vis-a-vis INR 273 crores in the last year nine 
months. So the current nine months EPS is INR 32.70 for the nine months vis-à-vis INR 84.80. 
So this is what is the brief result of the company. 
Now to broadly, take here to brief about the segmental results. So, net revenue in the Biobased 
Specialties and Performance Chemicals. The third quarter performance for the net revenue is 
INR 324 crores, with EBIT of INR 30 crores with a percentage of margin is 9.2% vis-a-vis INR 
587 crores in the last quarter with EBIT of INR 24 crores, showing percentage margin of 4.2%. 
Basically, in the current quarter, despite the revenue has come down, the percentage of the EBIT 
has gone up. 
For the 9M for the same division, performing the net revenue is INR 1,315 crores vis-a-vis EBIT 
of INR 82 crores, with percentage margin is 6.3% vis-a-vis INR 1,597 crores in the last year, 
nine months is INR 77 crores EBIT showing a margin of 4.8%. So basically, the overall for the 
three months and nine months, the percentage of the profit has gone up. 
Regarding the Portable Spirits, the net revenue for the current quarter is INR 188 crores, vis-a-
vis INR 175 crores in the last year corresponding quarter with EBIT of INR 28 crores in the 
current quarter vis-a-vis INR 22 crores in the last year corresponding quarter, showing 
percentage margin is 14.7% vis-a-vis 12.3% in the last year quarter. So again, the Portable Spirit 
has done good for the company. For the nine months, Portable Spirit INR 568 crores turnover, 
net revenue, vis-a-vis INR 510 crores in the last year, nine months with EBIT of INR 72 crores 
vis-a-vis INR 67 crores, showing percentage margin is 12.8%, vis-a-vis 13.1%. 
In respect of the Ennature Biopharma, the Herbal division, the net revenue is INR 42 crores, vis-
a-vis INR 33 crores in the current quarter with EBIT of INR 10 crores vis-a-vis INR 8 crores in 
the last year corresponding quarter showing in percentage margin of 24.8%, vis-a-vis 24.6% in 
the last year corresponding quarter. The nine months results for Ennature Biopharma, the net 
revenue is INR 148 crores vis-a-vis INR 119 crores, EBIT is INR 37 crores, vis-à-vis INR 29 
crores, showing a percentage margin of 25.1% vis-a-vis 24.6%. 
So showing overall better performance vis-a-vis the corresponding quarter last year or the nine 
months. So overall, performance has gone up 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you, Anand ji. So we have completed our quick overview for the quarter and the year so 
far and happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, first question from my side is that we 
permanently discontinued this low-margin business or is this for this quarter only, and maybe 
we'll see that number going forward also? And if you could also quantify how much was the 
impact of this on sales or maybe in other way if we could get the Y-on-Y change, excluding this 
low-margin business?  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yeh Rohit, so we could provide those numbers separately, but a significant amount of the decline 
that you see in sales is because of that. Now I tried to explain it to you that when we run a 
continuous plant, they are designed for a minimum throughput rate, and they cannot be run at 
rates below that. And what happened in the last one year or two years was that really, if you go 
by market demand, let us say the plant has a capacity of 100, but it has a minimum throughput 
rate of, say, 60 for it to run optimally or say 70. 
Now therefore, for some time, we were kind of forced to run at 70. And even though we were 
producing, we had to sell, so let us say, MEG at relatively lower prices because we were 
producing it or sometimes at low margin, sometimes even at slightly negative margins. Now 
because we've done modification and we've done operational improvements and significant 
modifications in the plant to be able to scale down the operation, I believe in the current context, 
unless drastic changes happen in the marketplace, we've kind of done away with a significant 
part of this low-margin business, or I would say, very low-margin business for the time to come, 
and it's not only one quarter phenomenon.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And secondly, on the grain-based plant commissioned last quarter. So last quarter also, you 
didn't mention that how much was the contribution, so would it be possible in this quarter to 
quantify how much benefit we get from this grain-based plant, especially on the margin front?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. I don't have the numbers calculated with me, but it is actually quite straightforward. So now 
the benefits may not have seen exactly in result. But if you look at the real benefit, you for 
yourself can take that the landed price of ethanol from the US, here is of the order of INR 58 
liter to INR 59 liter to INR 60 a liter. Whereas the cost of production of our grain-based ethanol 
is closer to much lower, it close INR 44 liter, INR 45 a liter. 
We would have been in an even more difficult soup had we not done that. So we can quantify 
that, but that does not necessarily translate into a complete profit gain because there is already a 
challenging market even at INR 44 competing with crude. And there is a combination of things 
because it has helped us in Potable Spirits. It has helped us in chemicals. And some amount of 
it, we have also started to sell into the biofuel space. But our priority has been largely to meet 
the in-house requirement and not import. In fact, for quite some time, we've not been importing, 
ethanol anymore.  
Rohit Sinha: 
And on the JV side, last quarter also, there was a lower contribution from JV because of higher 
cost as well. In this quarter also, it has reported actually a loss. So is it only because of higher 
cost or the sales have also been on the lower side, and any guidance you can get from the JV 
side for '23 or '24? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So two or three things. One is that, yes, the end market like textile, auxiliary’s etc, have also 
been slow. Second thing is the biggest factor has actually been cost of EO, which is derived from 
ethanol. And obviously, impacted by energy cost and freight cost because a significant part of -
- at least going forward, buildup was expected to from export. So that has affected adversely. As 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
far as I know, I think being also on the Board of the joint venture, I think there is definitely a 
discussion on how to consider lowering the free stocks cost, which are pegged at a particular 
value as a part of the contract and also focus a little bit more on exports. So we hope that as 
things stabilize and normalize, JV performance will also improve going forward. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Yes. One more question, if I can squeeze in. On the specialty chemical plant site, which is about 
to commission, I think, in first quarter FY '24. So initially, we have indicated for close to INR 
50 crores kind of capex in that business. So has there been any increase in capex debt side? Or 
maybe you will see increase in capex or additional capex maybe after commissioning of that 
plant? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. So the capex is what we have told you. Look, we are a brownfield site. Okay so we have 
significant assets and utilities etc., which are already available, whether it is cooling water, 
whether it is electricity, whether it is team, whether it is warehouses, whether it is maintenance 
staff or whether -- so I think this was a capex which we have for now.  
Our idea is to first build this business over the next six months, one year because it is not an 
ethanol business or a commodity business. It is a business which you start to build after you start 
to manufacture. You sample it to customers, you get approvals and then you start. So, no future 
capex plans in immediate future, but it depends on how the business will grow, based on that 
growth will definitely support this business. 
Anand Singhal:  
Rohit, just to correct, the actual capex value for this specialized chemicals, which we say NSU 
is around INR 82 crores, not INR 50 crores.  
Moderator: 
 
Our next question comes from the line of Bala Subramanian from Arihant Capital.  
Bala Subramanian: 
Sir, in that JV agreement out of INR 190 crores, around INR 40 crores are expected in H2 FY 
'23. So when we can expect to receive that amount?  
Anand Singhal: 
As per the agreement, JV has to give us this money in three years. So till now, they have already 
paid INR 55 crores to India Glycols. And the balance amount will come back as per the 
agreement.  
Bala Subramanian: 
Sir, my second question, regarding the capex part. We are evaluating per capex. So it comes 
under PLI, you go through more like on what kind of plans we have in terms of capex for a 
medium term?  
So like what kind of capex plans we have for grain plants next over two or three years because 
we are...  
Anand Singhal: 
Just to update that we have recently completed two grain plants, one is in Kashipur which is 180 
KLPD. The other one is in Gorakhpur, which is 110 KLPD. So now we are exploring to increase 
the capacity in Kashipur plant from 180 KLPD to 360 KLPD keeping in mind the benefit which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
company has got in the current quarter. Regarding the Gorakhpur, the capex for 100 KLPD is 
already completed, and we are not rather going for any increase immediately. That may happen 
sometime later, but not now. So we are increasing our capacity in Kashipur plant for grain 
distillery manufacturing.  
Bala Subramanian: 
Sir, we have executed agreement for wind and solar and hybrid power. So like what kind of cost 
savings we can expect in that?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
I can give you a ballpark number. But it's a good payback. I think the investment is possibly -- 
we have indicated what the investment. The investment is about Rs 20 crs, we expect the 
payback time to be under three years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nitin Awasthi from Incred Equities.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
A few questions on the liquor business. Does the company do an ENA sales in bio-ethanol sales?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes, we do a significant amount of ENA sales. If I'm not wrong, we do close to INR 100 crores 
of ENA sales. 
Sanjeev Gurwara:  
Yes, INR 120 crores  
Nitin Awasthi: 
 
So, ENA sales is a part of the Potable Spirits? Or is it part of the bio-based specialties? 
Anand Singhal: 
 
It's a part of the BSPC segment. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Because it is B2B. And this is not a retail product as - this is a high concentration... 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. So you are selling ENA, which is under the bio-based specialty division, which is about 
INR 120 crores for this quarter. How much is your Bio-Ethanol sales? 
Sanjeev Gurwara:  
Yes. This is our yearly sales. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yearly sales, got it And your bio-ethanol sales to fuel companies, which segment is that under 
and how much was it for the quarter and for the 9 months? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So far, what has happened is original intent of the grain-based plant was that the grain-based 
plant, we had estimated a significant part of that will go to biofuels, and some of it will get used 
for Potable Spirits and chemicals. But given the very wide gap in terms of imported ethanol as 
a raw material -- we have actually consumed most of our grain based ethanol production or even 
molasses based ethanol production in-house. 
We've been making right now small sales into the biofuel space, which is of the order of roughly 
like 15 lakh liters a month ever since we commissioned our grain-based plant. As we expand our 
capacities, we hope that, that will increase. And if our international imported prices of ethanol 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
come down to pre-COVID levels, then of course, we'll be able to sell it quite a lot. It's very 
difficult for me to give some kind of outlook it's so dependent on so many factors. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
I understand there is dynamic and it's based on the import prices of ethanol, because if that 
becomes more profitable for you, you will rather sell this to the fuel companies. I understand 
that part. Now coming to the ENA prices, what are the ENA prices prevailing in UP? And what 
are the ENA prices prevailing in Uttarakhand, as of now? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See, honestly, I don't know the precise ENA number, but we make some decent margin on ENA. 
It's not very high, but we make a decent margin there. I don't know exactly what the ENA prices 
in UP and Uttarakhand are. Prices also vary customer to customers. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
No, no, I agree it's a B2B agreement with the customer base, but there would be a rough ballpark 
figure which should be trading at, right?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
I don't have the ready numbers with me as far as industry prevailing trends are concerned, you 
can get it from the Internet also  
Anand Singhal: 
Otherwise, you can send me the mail, I will give you figures. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
We will respond to you.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
So similarly, for the right prices, I believe the industry -- even the domestic ethanol industry and 
the ENA industry is suffering because of high rice prices, and there seems to be some inflow 
from the rabi season, which is starting to come in. So could you throw some light on that? What 
are the rice prices roughly you are dealing with? And what are they right now? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I will give you a broader answer without giving rice prices. I think rice prices vary a little bit, 
but it is still a profitable business for us to invest. I don't think the broader strategy as far as 
investment in grains is concerned is getting impacted.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. And because all this information was actually given very nicely in your previous 
presentation, where you had coal ethanol, mild steel and your acetic acid prices and you are 
telling a quarterly representation of the same. I would just make a humble suggestion, if you 
could go back to that, then these questions would become unnecessary and we would actually 
get a lot of trend analysis from that.  
Rupark Sarswat:  
No, I can provide that to you that we have even now available with us.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
 
Similarly, you have for the coal prices?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes, yes, we have those. We will -- I've just not put that slide. We can -- you can write it to us, 
we can circulate that slide. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
A few questions from my side. First, just wanted to understand. I thought there's a very high 
correlation between the crude price and the ethanol prices. But this time around, there's quite a 
disconnect. Can you help us understand what is driving ethanol prices? That's number one.  
Number two, some of this discontinuation of the product is also of the result that the crude 
alternatives have become so cheap that it's unprofitable for us to even think about it? That's my 
second question, something like MEG, as you rightly mentioned. That's number two. 
Number three, is there also an impact from the demand side because some of these polymer 
prices, which are falling, a lot of polymer guys have been -- they are destocking so that they 
don't carry a high-cost inventory. Is there a postponement of the buying as well in this chemical 
segment? So, these are my three initial questions.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, let me try and answer your second question first, which is whether crude-based prices of 
things like MEG has impacted some of our products like MEG the short answer is yes. Now if 
you go back many, many years ago, the competitive advantage for this business was to produce 
low-cost MEG using low-cost bio-waste feedstock like molasses. 
Now over a period of time, the world has seen value in molasses. And obviously, as there is 
greater requirement for ethanol, molasses has a price, and it is a significant price. And therefore, 
now we are no more in a business where we are competing with crude on a cost or price basis. 
But also, what has happened is, yes, crude prices have gone down.  
But more importantly, MEG prices have gone down and they did not go up when crude prices 
went up. And this is because significant capacities have been added worldwide pre-COVID, 
COVID times, etc. So, despite the crude prices going up, MEG sees a correlation, it did not go 
up. In fact, it came down. With the China slowdown, there is obviously, as you know, pushing 
up material to other parts of the world to continue to run their plants. So, they did not take the 
corrective action. We took some corrective action to stop bleeding or to stop supplying material 
in low cost. So that is as far as the crude correlation is concerned.  
Then your first question was on ethanol, that ethanol doesn't seem to be following crude. Now 
there was one time when ethanol was not connected to crude at all. Then ethanol started to get 
clubbed with crude because it's a source of energy. And then you're saying it's not even falling 
with crude. Now there are several factors in one of the previous presentations I had kind of 
presented and because it would have been a bit of a repeat, I did not do that. So, in maybe six 
months, I'll give an update on ethanol and what's happening in the ethanol space. 
Now not only is there requirement of bio-based ethanol because it is a green fuel. The world is 
working, and there's a dynamic around energy security in the world, as you know. Europe takes 
a lot of energy, crude, gas from Russia. So, the world is kind of campering to not only reduce 
cost by buying cheaper crude, but also become more secure. So, I think that is one factor, which 
has continued to sustain high ethanol prices. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
The second factor is that in some cases, if you go back, there has been an impact in terms of the 
green energy transition. Where a number of countries, Brazil, France and many others, Europe, 
they had made significant plans, and they were based significant on hydro, wind, etc. I think that 
generation was also impacted. There was also impact on, say, the corn crop, etc, in the US. And 
if you see another factor which has impacted is that Ukraine is also a big producer of grain for 
the world, and that is accepted. So all these factors, and I think it is very difficult to -- you know 
it better than I do, have kind of created a sentiment which has sustained high ethanol prices.  
And whether it will continue for a long time, probably for some more time. I think at some point 
in time, eventually it is going to be some amount of recoupling back to energy, which is things 
like crude. That's my assessment. I'm not saying it is right, unless some of my colleagues have 
something more to add. And the one thing that I've learned, Sanjesh, is that no matter how 
confidently I can articulate a point of view, second day and forget about three months, in 15 
days, you could be proven completely wrong.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, I agree. I'm just taking because you would be in a much better position to assess this better.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
So for example, the freight prices, if you have been tracking freight prices, which went up for 
some routes, 5x, 6x unthinkable. And if you track some of the profitability of these big shipping 
companies, and then they are nearly back to -- not exactly there, but they've kind of dropped 
again 3x to 4x in many areas, which is good for us. I think because even though it does not 
increase our variable cost in the sense of raw materials, but our end cost to customers for exports 
were also getting impacted because of that. So I had not even predicted that fall in my mind. -- 
Certainly not that rapidly.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
Just one follow-up here. In such a scenario, is it fair for us to not use ethanol for the blending 
purpose and use it more internally, so at least we can protect the business, right?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
So that's what we are doing, Sanjesh. That's what I said, that supposing ethanol, prices were to 
come back to 35 levels, which it was 1.5 year, two years ago. I think it's great for us because we 
start importing ethanol completely for chemicals. If you remember, I continue to say 3x3 and all 
the ethanol that we are producing grain-based start to go for biofuels all that can be produce. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Correct, but is it allowed for us to dynamically switch between the blending and for the internal 
purpose I’m just trying to understand the government policy, are we have not availed for the 
subsidy at all, so we can do the allocation as per our requirement. How should…? 
Anand Singhal: 
We have not avail the subvention. And so that's why we are not committed for 75% of the 
production for blending.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
 
That gives us a complete freedom on the allocation of the...  
Rupark Sarswat:  
Yes, we have complete freedom.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One follow-up question on the NSU. We did mention that we are investing INR 82 crores there. 
What will be the potential asset turn and the product portfolio? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Sanjesh, we need to get back. It's not really top of the mind. What part of product portfolio you 
wanted to know?  
Sanjesh Jain: 
 
In the NSU, what are the products we are initially aiming at? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So we have spoken about it before. And if required, maybe in another next quarter, we can spend 
some more time on that. So we have identified several product ranges, which includes some 
ethoxylates, particularly carbon smart ethoxylates. Some products for the oilfield segment, 
where we are already in the process of signing some contracts with certain global players. We 
are looking at some bio-EO based Amines.  
We are looking at some esters, like plasticizers and also similar products, which go into 
cosmetics. So we are looking at some green solvents. So this is the broad portfolio. And as you 
know, specialty is something which we will kind of build brick by brick. It's not like an ethanol 
plant that we have the capacity and we start selling. We start sampling and building the business.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
One last on the portable side. Are we getting the pass-through for the high ethanol prices in our 
key market? Where are we in that entire process?  
Deepak Satya: 
We have got a kind of a price rise when it comes to the country liquor thing. In Uttarakhand, the 
prices have -- the policy is yet to come out and same is the case with the Delhi market. So, the 
price rise is there in the UP market, that's a good news for us in the potable side.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
At the Delhi market was Okay. That's where the hampering is. So when are we anticipating Delhi 
things to come?  
Deepak Satya: 
So right now, as per the representation made by CIABC to the Delhi government, the policy is 
expected any time in the month of April.  
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jay Bharat Trivedi from Centrum Broking Limited.  
Jay Trivedi: 
Sir, just wanted to know on the Ennature Biopharma business segment. Is there any seasonality 
in that business? Or is it weak in Q3 and Q4? Because even last year, the sales dipped during 
the second half of the year and even the same trend is seen in current quarter as well as compared 
to last quarter? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, I don't think there is much of seasonality, but there has been some kind of business 
challenges, which I can talk about. I think one is that last year, we were impacted by some 
regulation and duty-related and subsidy related changes in some of the markets in 
thiocolchicoside. That is one factor. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
The second thing is that our then -- the thiocolchicoside was a major product. But somewhere 
around last year, there has been a significant ramping up of nicotine for therapeutic purposes 
also. So, it is this kind of combination and shift of product folios and some of the market 
dynamics. 
For things like muscle relaxants, there is not much of seasonality. Thiocolchicoside just to let 
you know, is actually something that goes into muscle relaxants. And nicotine that we 
manufacture is for, again, therapeutic use. So, from an end market perspective, it's not 
seasonality, but they are a dynamic based on what's happening in the COVID environment, 
what's happening in Turkey, their economic situation, so some of the subsidies, what kind of 
restructured, so those kinds of dynamics. It's not seasonality.  
Jay Trivedi: 
Sir, any specific reason because of which our quarterly sales were down in the Ennature 
biopharma business?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. So, with some customers, we had -- I mean, these are regular things like contracts and price 
negotiations, particularly for nicotine, some of those contracts have been slower to come through 
or actually, some have actually also gone by, we let that business go. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So firstly sir, I missed the capex numbers. So how much have we spent for the nine months? 
And what are we going to spend for FY '23 and '24 in totality?  
Anand Singhal: 
So now Saket, for the capex’s which I have already explained, the total capex, which we are in 
the process is about INR 600 crores. Out of INR 242 crores capex’s has been completed and 
about INR 350 crores capex’s is in pipeline. These capex’s include the boiler and the turbine, 
which is related to the grain distillery. NSU and the boiler and turbine, plus Tetra Pak machine 
in Gorakhpur and there is some expansion in Nicotine project at Dehradun. So, all the three 
plants are having some capex’s and about, I'd say, INR 400 crores capex’s are in pipeline, CWIP.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, in the presentation, it was mentioned that we had done with the distillery capex. So, this is 
further capacity augmentation that we are going through?  
Anand Singhal: 
Actually, distillery has three parts. One was the green is distillery -- the other one is boiler. The 
third one is turbine. So distillery has been commissioned. But related to that, boiler and turbine 
is still in process for Kashipur. The same thing is for Gorakhpur also.  
Rupark Sarswat:  
So I can just add to that, Saket, what happened there, as you know, we are quite an integrated 
site. So you may ask that if it is part of a distillery why you are not commissioning that distillery. 
It's for a simple thing that given our volumes and other things, we had adequate capacity for 
steam and power in our existing infrastructure. So we could defer the spend.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So going ahead with these commissioning, sir, what kind of margin acquisition will take this. 
And currently sir, that distillery is contributing to the top line and bottom line for this quarter at 
optimal level?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
Your question is whether we can do better? The answer is yes. So as I said, we are doing two 
things. We believe that we could possibly add more capacity at relatively lower incremental cost, 
which is something that we are evaluating. As soon as that is something which is decided and 
very clearly being executed, we will inform you. So that's as far as that -- you had another part 
to that question, which I think I missed.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I was just trying to understand that when this two part of boiler and turbines are not 
integrated, whether the purpose of grain distillery it's serving the purpose of top line and bottom 
line or not?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
I do not know what you meant but they are not integrated. It only means why do we need a boiler 
-- we need a boiler because we need steam, and we needed a turbine because we need power. 
Now if we can integrate it into our existing equipment and setups because there was less load or 
there was adequate capacity, we could defer it. That is one. And then you're saying whether it's 
contributing to our bottom line and top line. I think so far, it has contributed more to the bottom 
line because we kind of replaced expensive imported ethanol. 
But going forward, it is -- it will definitely contribute to the bottom line, but whether it -- how 
much it will contribute to the top line depends on several factors. Cost of imported ethanol. And 
as we add more and more capacity, everything that we had produce in more than what we 
required now, since we sold in biofuels. So that top line is very difficult to kind of project. But 
any capacity we had is definitely going to contribute to the bottom line. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Two small questions. Firstly, on the cost of fund and the net debt number? And then one question 
on Ennature Bio Pharma? 
Anand Singhal: 
Cost of Funds has gone up slightly because of the increase in term interest rates by all the banks. 
Although we are closely monitoring and checking the same. But yes, I will say the cost of funds 
has gone up. Regarding the term loan number.  
Saket Kapoor: 
 
What is the cost of fund in percentage terms, currently? 
Anand Singhal: 
Average cost has reached to say about 9.1% right now, which includes the term loan as well as 
the working capital.  
Saket Kapoor: 
 
And net debt number? 
Anand Singhal: 
Regarding the debt, we are hopeful that the Debt including EPBG as on 31.03.2023 will be INR 
800 crores. Term loan and EPBG as on 31st March ‘23, plus working capital fund base is INR 
350 crores, and non-fund base is INR 850 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
 
This INR 800 crores includes the long-term borrowing also? 
Anand Singhal: 
 
This includes -- this is only for the long-term borrowing and EPBG.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, now coming to the Ennature Bio Pharma segment. Sir, currently, what is the potential 
from this segment that we are looking forward, say, two year to three years down the line, and 
what kind of steps are we taking to explore the opportunities here, from the segment as our 
margins are significantly higher, sir?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. So we are taking a few steps. First of all, look, when you have an exciting market like this, 
many people enter that market, you have to continue to deal with competition. The steps we are 
taking is that we are firstly diversifying our portfolio. The first step was to move from 
thiocolchicoside to nicotine, we have for therapeutic use and some other products as well.  
The other steps that we are taking is for sales into, say, European or more developed markets, 
there is a long process of getting approvals, meeting certain standard requirements. So those are 
things that we are doing so that we can sell to high more higher value-added market. So, steps, 
access to the developed market by getting regulation standards, etc, broadening our portfolio in 
terms of plant-based extract and also looking at some more value-added formulations and 
products.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, then how should one look at this segment -- last year, we did a top line of 156. This year, 
we are already nine months closer to 148 and just to understand the size of the addressable 
market going ahead, what can we look forward? And that is what the idea is. And other than 
that, sir, other facilities, what is the current utilization level, sir, you did spoke about some 
lowering of demand in this segment and we switched from the low-margin products. So, what 
are we envisaging in the current quarter in terms of the demand outlook, sir. If you could throw 
some more light on...  
Rupark Sarswat: 
You talking about what Ennature Biopharma?  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir first, Ennature Biopharma, I want to understand the opportunity, the addressable market? 
And what are we eyeing in terms of the growth in terms of revenue and profitability? And then 
secondly, coming to the other business verticals, where you mentioned about that there is 
softening of demand because of the external factors, how is the current market shaping up and 
these are the points sir? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, I think there are several things which have got mixed up. One is Ennature Biopharma, you 
can see how the growth is for this year. I think those trends, we expect to continue. As far as 
market size is concerned, the plant extract market is so complex, and it has so many areas. I don't 
have ready numbers what I can say is market size, what is our market that we are participating 
in and so on. But it's overall a significant market and a growing market because there is greater 
and greater preference for people at the right price point, of course, to have more nature-based 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
ingredients. And so that's one. The second thing is, as far as softening of demand is concerned, 
I think more of that -- my comment in particular was with respect to the JV performance.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, this JV is currently the Clariant is the same Heubach India Limited? Or is there a 
different entity, the Clariant chemical and I think you renamed that Heubach India. So, is the 
same listed entity or difference there?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
No, look, I think Clariant had, first of all, to two different entities in India. Second thing is, I'm 
not completely aware, but one of their businesses, I think masterbatch or something… 
Anand Singhal: 
 
This is not listed this is non-listed.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
One of the masterbatch segment business was acquired by Heubach This is not that business. 
This is the Consumer & Specialty business, which is with Clariant, This has got nothing to do 
with Heubach  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, taking into account the current business sentiment. How is the current quarter shaping 
up? I think so the inflationary trends have retreated considerably. So, the type of margin 
expansion, which we have seen Q-on-Q. Those factors would be aiding to the margins going 
ahead? Is there a likelihood of improvements?  
Rupark Sarswat: 
I would not like to give a forecast or prediction. But I think I had already mentioned it that some 
of these gains, which are because of cost reductions on account of feedstock, operational 
improvement and softening of feedstock, as you can yourself see are expected to continue in this 
quarter as well, in the coming quarter. And the other factor, which will kick in a few months 
later is that, I think we hope that we are evaluating, as I said, putting up more gain-based 
facilities, which will be -- if we do it and if our calculations are right, it will be another bit of a 
step up, say, in five months or six months or two quarters down the line.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And non-core assets, sir, are we done with the same or anything more in the -- or what are the 
other non-core assets on block?  
Anand Singhal: 
We have one company called Shakumbari Sugar, so that is also in process, but nothing yet has 
been finalized. While KIFTPL, you are already aware that we are done with that.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And this quarter also, sir, we did reverse some ICD also for Shakumbari Sugar. So, going ahead, 
any further de-mutation is required or we are done with this entity?  
Anand Singhal: 
We are done with the, whatever is the shortfall. And we don't see any further write-offs out of 
the Shakumbari exposure.  
Moderator: 
 
Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Sir, just one thing on this Nutrition business side, since we have good exposure in Turkey. So, 
any update, we should get considering the devastating earthquake there?   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 India Glycols Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Look, it is something that goes into pharmaceutical applications. And the reason we see it in 
Turkey is because Turkey is also seen as for some of the categories as a gateway to Europe, 
okay? So, I would imagine there may be some disruption, depends on how it impacts Turkey 
economy, but it's not only about Turkey, even though it may be in Turkey, some of it is there. 
Too early for me to comment what will be the impact. I don't see an immediate and significant 
impact happening in the quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing remarks.  
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, thank you, gentlemen, for patiently listening to our answers and asking your questions, 
spending the time. Have a good day and a good year ahead.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 
India Glycols Limited  
Head Office  
2B, Sector – 126, Noida,  
Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201304  
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200  
Fax: +91-120-3090111  
 
Registered Office  
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713 
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand)  
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500  
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535  
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com  
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
