February 14, 2023 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, 
Block – G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
   The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range 
Kolkata -  700001 
Sub : 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q3 FY23 results 
Dear Sirs, 
Further to our letter dated January 27, 2023 and February 9, 2023, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Q3 FY23 results of the Company, held on 
Thursday, February 9, 2023. 
The said transcript is also available under the Investor Meet/Call Section of the website of the 
Company at  https://www.evereadyindia.com/investors/investor-meet-call/. 
The above is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Very truly yours, 
EVEREADY INDUSTRIES INDIA LTD. 
(T. PUNWANI) 
VICE PRESIDENT – LEGAL 
     & COMPANY SECRETARY 
ENCL. AS ABOVE 
TEHNAZ 
PUNWANI
Digitally signed by 
TEHNAZ PUNWANI 
Date: 2023.02.14 15:02:52 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
Eveready Industries India Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 09, 2023 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Eveready Industries Limited 
Q3 FY23 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Inba. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Eveready Industries 
India Quarter 3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we are joined by senior 
members of the management team, including Mr. Suvamoy Saha – Managing 
Director; Mr. Bibek Agarwala – CFO; and Mr. Indranil Roy Chowdhury –  Senior Vice 
President (Finance & Accounts). 
Before we commence, let me share disclaimer. Some of the statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature, and actual results could vary from 
these forward-looking statements. A detailed disclosure in this regard is available in 
the press release document, which has been circulated to you and is also available 
on the stock exchange website. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Saha to share his perspectives with you. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Good afternoon, and welcome to our Q3 FY23 earnings call. I hope all of you have 
had a good start to the new year. 
My agenda today shall be to cover the various aspects of our business while touching 
up on the dynamics of operations for the period ended December 2022. 
Since we last connected, Eveready has made notable progress in focusing on our 
core strengths and tapping into niche underserved segments. The tempo of activity is 
visible and every product launch is backed by commensurate activation. Consumers 
are taking notice and this is evident from the gains we have made in market share in 
our core business of batteries, where the brand is synonymous with the segment. Our 
market share in batteries jumped 170 bps over the preceding quarter to stand at 
54.5%, the highest level as per that one can see in the past. 

Page 2 of 14 
The brand remains a huge advantage for us, and the team is skillfully utilizing its 
power and potential to fan growth across businesses. The ubiquity of our brand is 
achieved through an expanding reach across 4 million outlets about just under a 1/4 
of which is our direct reach. 
The segments in which we operate call for seamless availability of products and our 
system is honed to achieve just that. As we seek to drive penetration in newer 
categories in each of the segments, our teams are modernizing our approach and 
infrastructure. We have to be nimble to respond to consumer requirements and 
market dynamics in order to maintain our leadership position. The new drive to 
contemporize our distribution and make it more efficient is being driven through a new 
route-to-market initiative. The implementation of this is entailing changed work 
processes involved internal organization as well as with our channel partners. 
In order to implement the new RTM successfully, we consciously moderated our 
growth targets for the quarter, ignoring the discontinued segment of appliances, 
turnover growth during the quarter was at 5.3%, though this was trending at 15% by 
the end of the first half. Our RTM implementation is now close to completion, and we 
shall revert to the higher level of growth in the foreseeable future. We are moving 
levers to back every product initiative with clear communication and requisite revision 
and collaterals, consistent with sustaining a leading brand franchise. 
There is apt emphasis on revitalizing our route to market such that we leave no market 
segment and niche untapped. I will turn my attention to the respective segments of 
the businesses, commencing with batteries.  
The battery market remained flat during the third quarter, reflecting sluggishness in 
demand, particularly in the rural part of the market. We managed to grow by 8.6%, 
which was primarily due to premiumization. As already mentioned, our value market 
stood at 54.5% during Quarter 3, clear evidence to our distinct leadership position in 
the market. However, we remain under indexed in some geographies as well as in 
certain segments of the market, which provides us with headroom to grow despite our 
strong position in the market. Growth during the year-to-date stood at 11.5%. 
Within flashlight, as communicated earlier, the battery-operated segment is still 
showing decline, though at a lower rate of around 10%. Still, we are building on to our 
market leadership position in this segment. We are grossly under indexed in the fast-
growing market of rechargeable flashlights as the company did not address this 
market earlier. From the time we recognized this area as the major good driving 
opportunity, we have made good progress with building an adequate portfolio of 
products. 
Our product launches during the quarter found enthusiastic traction in the market. 
This segment, which is primarily comprised of unorganized, unbranded products, will 
continue to be an area of interest for growth and building to a leadership position. 
Simultaneously, we are stepping up our efforts in the battery-operated category as 
well so that the portfolio remains contemporary. Quality and feature functionality is 
our leitmotif and that places us favorably to drive this segment upwards and hopefully 
arrest any further slide. 
Turning my attention to lighting now: 
Our teams are pushing out an extensive line up of products here, effectively making 
use of growing presence of the brand in the electrical outlets channel, Eveready 
lighting products have the dual advantage of being available extensively across the 
general trade channel and now also in the electrical shops. We are making good 

Page 3 of 14 
inroads across smaller towns and cities, and at the same time, honing our plans to 
tap into the larger metro locations and modern trade revenues more deeply. This 
segment will see commensurate impact in a few quarters. Our teams are developing 
products in-house and getting them produced under stringent operating checks in 
order to achieve the quality that the brand stands for. 
I will now briefly cover the developments during the quarter ended December ‘22. 
Revenues from operations came in for Q3 at Rs. 330.4 crore, which translates to 5.3% 
growth for the quarter, ignoring the discontinued business of appliances. For the 9-
month period, the revenue from operations was at Rs. 1,041.6 crore at a growth of 
11.7% for continuing businesses. This achievement is on the back of premiumization 
of product portfolio, combined with steady realization gains, which was further aided 
by focused marketing campaign around communication and investment in branding 
and promotion. 
As consumption gathers momentum, we will see better volume metrics. Our EBITDA 
came in at Rs. 24 crore with EBITDA margin of 7.3%. It was mainly impacted by the 
movement in foreign exchange rates, continued inflation in key raw materials, higher 
advertising and promotion space, as well as investment made in consultancy services 
with a view to improve our future operations. For the 9-month period, EBITDA stood 
at Rs. 109.1 crore at a margin of 10.5%. 
Toward the end of the quarter, there was a definite softening of key raw material 
prices, and this will result in margin improvement in the ensuing period. However, 
investment initiatives which I touched upon earlier, will continue at the same pace for 
the remainder of the financial year. 
With a clear focus on achievable milestones, our initiatives to drive a market-relevant 
portfolio backed by sustained all around communication in our business is beginning 
to bear returns. And as consumer demand climbs back, we believe Eveready will be 
a big beneficiary on account of its strong brand and distribution. As the economic 
growth within the country gradually catches up, it shall support us as we operate in 
segments straddling both urban and rural centers. 
As I have shared in the past interactions, some of the improvement initiatives will have 
an impact on the margins in the short term. Our teams are hard at work to enhance 
productivities from the system wherever possible. In the coming years, we'll see a 
much stronger EIIL with extended leadership in its segments of choice underlined by 
profitable growth. 
I thus draw to the close of my remarks and wish to request the moderator to open the 
forum to queries from the participants. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. Our first question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, I had 2 questions. One was that we've seen a sharp jump in other expenses this 
quarter. So, you mentioned that there has been an impact of consulting fee services 
in this quarter. But if you could just quantify the number there and if there are any 
additional growth spends that you made, which you think will normalize going forward 
so. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you asked 2 questions. Is that the only question, Dhruv? 

Page 4 of 14 
Dhruv Jain: 
No, I have another question, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, you want me to answer this first? 
Dhruv Jain: 
Yes. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, Dhruv, as I highlighted before, our main additional expenses over the quarter in 
the preceding year has been in advertising. And as I also indicated, on the 
consultancy services that we have availed of. So, basically, between the 2 of them, 
the total quantum of A&P with the consultancy service would be in the range of close 
to Rs. 20 crore. 
Dhruv Jain: 
That's helpful. And sir, the other question, in your opening remarks also, you 
mentioned that you gained market share in the battery space. But growth had slowed 
down because we are making some RTM changes. So, growth in the other pieces 
has not been that encouraging. Or if you would just give the split of the 3 segments, 
what has been the revenue and the revenue growth type? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, Dhruv, it is like this. As you are aware, till the first half of this year, we were 
growing at around 15% if you disregard the discontinued business. Now in this 
quarter, was the time when we started initiating implementation activities on the new 
route-to-market, which entailed a lot of change, not only internally as well as 
externally. Now when the organization, both internal and external was undergoing 
such a massive change, it was necessary for us to sort of slightly slow down on the 
growth target so that the implementation would go successfully. The change had to 
be internalized by all concerned stakeholders. However, despite all that, batteries 
grew by 9%, which was, I think, extremely sort of pleasing given the context of the 
overall market not having grown. We also sort of arrested the decline of the overall 
flashlight signal because what we continue to lose on the battery operated one, we 
made up with the new launches that we did on the rechargeable side. 
So, I think overall, given all the changes that took place, I would say the quarter went 
off in a very satisfactory manner. If at all, I would say you are a lighting expert Dhruv, 
you know the lighting industry has not had a good quarter overall. And the same was 
the case with us. We ended with a flat quarter. That flat quarter was perhaps a little 
more in our case, attributable to the new route to market, the changes that we had 
initiated. And we do not see any challenge to that, and we would shortly revert to our 
overall growth targets that we have taken on for ourselves. For the year, the lighting 
segment has grown at 24%, and we see no reason why we cannot jump back to that 
level of growth in the ensuing quarters. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Darshan Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshan Jhaveri: 
So, sir, one question I had regarding all our 3 divisions. So, a breakup of our revenue 
and EBITDA for the Quarter 3 would be very helpful. And the other thing I wanted to 
ask you for quarter 4, we are still having our consultant and marketing expenses. So, 
what is the outlook that you would have for FY '24 and beyond like our growth 
trajectory as well as our margin profile, what are we seeing? Those will be the 2 
questions, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, Darshan, let me take your last part first, and then I'll come back to your initial part 
of the question, okay? So, as I said that for the year-to-date, our growth is at 11.7%, 
that on the back of much slower growth in Quarter 3, which were for assignable 
reasons, which I explained just a little while back. We hope to end the year in, I would 
say, higher than our current year-to-date growth of 12%. So, that is where we are sort 

Page 5 of 14 
of talking about. And in the foreseeable future, we should be able to push that up to 
a mid- to late teen level of growth, and that is where we stand currently, right? And I 
would say that this quarter's moderation on the growth target was something that we 
consciously did and it was not sort of brought up on to us kind of in a default situation. 
With regard to the category-wise split up, the total turnover for the quarter was Rs. 
330-odd crore, of which battery was about Rs. 220 crore. I'm giving you very broad
numbers, so it was about Rs. 230 crore to be sort of more precise. The flashlight
segment was about Rs. 35 odd crore your lighting Rs. 70 crore.
Darshan Jhaveri: 
And sir, how does our margin profile differ in each segment? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I got you, sorry, I missed out answering this question. So, at the end of these 3 
quarters, we stand at around 10.5% EBITDA percentage, right? And we think we will 
be slightly short of 10% because as I mentioned, we will continue to invest in 
communication and we will continue to invest for the remainder of the period in the 
consultancy exercise that we have undertaken. So, given that these expenses will 
continue, we have, I would say, somewhat of an ambitious target in terms of 
communication for the quarter. So, we would perhaps go up a little short of 10%. That 
is where we will end the year. 
Darshan Jhaveri: 
So, I understand that we are investing in our growth in Q3 and Q4 and that's a very 
commendable thing. So, when would all our efforts be reflected? Like from FY '24, 
we'll start seeing our margins and growth? Or it might be a bit longer process, some 
rough time line that we are envisioning for ourselves or any other target for FY '25 or 
something like that, that would help, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, Darshan, it is like this. There are 2 absolutely well-articulated initiatives we have 
taken. One is engaging the consumer. And number 2 is sort of improving our 
distribution efficiency by designing our new route to market. Now that route to market 
has as I explained a little while back, impacted changes internally as well as in our 
external channel partners. Now that entire activity is going to be completed and totally 
concluded by end of this financial year. So, by March, the distribution bit is going to 
be completely ready, and so we will be ready to fire all cylinders from 1st of April, 
okay? Now similarly, we have also engaged in a consumer engagement program. 
Now that is something we are doing our bit. Now when that would kick in in terms of 
more activation from the consumer side is something that it takes time. It is not that I 
spend my advertising dollar today and tomorrow itself I start getting the result. But I 
would just go by my immediate history. We started our consumer activation from the 
last quarter. And we have immediately seen our market share jump and that too in a 
market which did not grow, was stagnant. And despite having shares above 50%, we 
managed to improve our market share by nearly 2 percent points. So, if I go by that, 
I don't know whether that would be replicated. But I would say that next year onwards, 
we should get the full benefit of distribution as well as a very significant part of the 
consumer activation program. 
Darshan Jhaveri: 
Sir, that helps a lot. So, just a question. So, I think previously we had stated that we 
can double our revenue in the next 3 years. So, that would largely be our major goal, 
right, sir? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, what we had articulated is that based on our FY '22 turnover, which was about 
Rs. 1,170-odd crore, if we ignore the discontinued business, our ambition was to grow 
from there in 4 years' time to a double of that size. We still would try to chase the 
target and give it an earnest attempt. And I would say that the team is quite confident 
about that. 

Page 6 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Makharia from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Makharia: 
I just wanted to know, there was a filing done by you all that the proceedings with 
KKR, if I understand correctly earlier, you all weren’t a related party, but now they 
have said the arbitrator has ruled that we are a related party along with the Williamson 
Magor Group. So, just can you give us a broad sense that is this something which is 
a new development? And how does that going forward impact our any plans for capital 
raising? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thanks, Aditya. So, I will really give you only a broad response because I'm not a 
legal expert. The position is like this that when the case came up on us, I mean that 
embargo of restricting us from tactical raise and the sale of noncore assets, etc., 
came, we had fought the case on the basis that we were not party to any of that, we 
were not party to the agreement, we were not party to anything. So, it went into 
arbitration as per the terms of the facility agreement and we also sort of objected to 
the jurisdiction being applied to us. So, the arbitrators have come to the conclusion or 
let us say decision that we are part of that arbitration and we are part of the case. So, 
we have to see it to the end of the situation. 
So, we have to go through with this process of arbitration until the method gets 
concluded. In the meanwhile, the more relevant part is, let us say that takes 
timeframe. I think the time given formally is January 2024. So, in the time frame, what 
happens to the company with regard to its whole operation. As I had indicated earlier 
that the company has sufficient operating cash flow to take care of its all-day-to-day 
needs. It has the cash flow to honor its commitments towards banks. So, there is no 
immediate crisis that the company has to immediately go for a capital raise or has to 
sell a noncore asset to fund its operations. The operations are self-sustaining. And 
so, we don't see any concern in this regard. And in any case, with the company now 
having gone to a new promoter, the banks are all the more willing to sort of lend 
support to us. So, even if there are some temporary needs, there are a number of 
people who are willing to sort of partner are in that requirement. I hope I have been 
able to answer your query. 
Aditya Makharia: 
Yes, sir. Just 1 more small follow-up. So, I believe that there's a claim of Rs. 100 crore 
or Rs. 150 odd crore something to that amount, which KKR has put on us. So, have 
we shown that as a contingent liability or we are not providing for that amount as of 
now? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, Aditya, that I think you're misinformed, there has been no claim on the company 
so far. So, basically, there is, of course, an amount which the erstwhile holding 
company owes to KKR. But so far, there has been no claim on the company. Nothing 
has been quantified. We have just been made a party, whereby we have been 
restricted to raise capital or sale of noncore assets, nothing beyond this. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ritesh Poladia from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir, as I was saying, battery is about 70% of our business. And definitely, there is 
some market share gain. But it would mirror more on an industry growth. Can you 
give us some idea of how the industry is going and which part of the industry is 
showing higher growth? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we are talking of batteries. As I had highlighted earlier in my opening remarks, 
the market did not grow during this quarter. In fact, volumes had some little decline, 
value growth was stagnant. We grew by about 9% during the quarter because we did 

Page 7 of 14 
better than the market. And it was on the back of some premiumization efforts that 
we could sort of succeed in doing. To make a very straight and simple answer to your 
query, the market did not grow during the quarter. But we hope that the sluggishness 
only indicates the inflationary impact that consumer scale, particularly in the rural 
segment. And we feel that as things are easing out, the market should revert to its 
normal level of growth. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
 So, say market grows like 10%, your growth would be 50% higher than that? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
It is very difficult to put mathematics like that. When the market was 0 growth, we 
grew nearly 10%, right? Let us just put that as a historical perspective. And our aim 
will always be there to grow faster than the market. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Regarding flashlight and specifically on rechargeable battery side. As you said, you 
are underpenetrated. So, what's the status over there? And by when you think that 
your product profile will match the consumer needs. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, at this point of time, Ritesh, we already have over the last couple of quarters and 
which I have been also highlighting during the earnings call, we have been working 
on completely revamping that product portfolio. And I'm happy to say that we are 
nearly there. I would say 90% of the portfolio is complete. The balance 10%, 15% 
which gets complete in this quarter. So, I would say, effective 1st of April, we need to 
fire on all cylinders. We have the entire product and in this category, our brand is the 
strongest. Our distribution may seem a little boatsful but it is the best in this segment. 
So, nothing is going to stop us. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
On lighting, the revenue is about Rs. 70 crore. Sir, if you can give us some idea how 
much would be own n manufacturing and how much would be trading in this? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Ritesh, roughly 30% of that came from our own manufacture. When I say own 
manufacture, it is a contracted manufacturer who only exclusively does it for us under 
our supervision. Balance, we outsource from the likes of Dickson, RK, etc., the big 
manufacturers of the lighting industry. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir, you would be more on a contract manufacturing in lighting and even in Flashlight 
also, that assumption hold true? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
For flashlights, we manufacture 100% of our flashlights. Same for some odd model 
here and there. We are 100% manufacturing it ourselves. With regard to the Lighting 
segment, is 30% is contracted manufacturers, exclusive to us. In the future, we will 
have to review whether we want to carry on with that situation or we want to get into 
our own manufacture. But that is as and when. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Again, on Lighting business, so clearly, you are not present in the entire market 
spectrum. And it's a long-haul game. So, by when we can have a good presence in 
lighting or say double-digit market share. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Ritesh, can you just help me understand your question a little better, but what do you 
mean by our not being present in the entire spectrum? 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir, I believe you would be present in tube lights and bulbs, but not in luminaires. side. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Okay, from that perspective. So, let me tell you, just like we did our portfolio revamp 
on flashlight, we have done the same for lighting. We have now a very, very 
reasonable and adequate range addressing both lamps as well as luminaires. Now 

Page 8 of 14 
of course, historically, we had been a lamp selling company. So, our turnover is 
heavily skewed towards lamps. But with the new portfolio having come in place, it will 
be our endeavor to rectify that skew. So, in the coming year, we are going to take 
targets whereby the emphasis of our sales would be more on the luminaire side to 
bring up appropriate balance like any other established lighting care. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
And on market share, what can be a reasonable expectation? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
For lighting? 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Yes, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Lighting, we are too small, Ritesh. We are about Rs. 300-plus crore in a market which 
is Rs. 10,000 crore, we are very, very small. So, at this point of time, instead of market 
share, we are looking at by what percentage we can grow our business. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Can we have this business growing, say, in 2 years? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
In 2 years? 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Yes. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, I don't know whether 2 years or it is going to be 2.5 years, but certainly, the 2x is 
something which is extremely tangible as a target for us. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Is there any differential in the lighting business for Eveready as a brand or we are 
banking more as a product or whether we are banking more on a brand? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, listen, ultimately, most of the products are pretty similar. I mean that is a fact of 
life. It is a play of brand and distribution, whether you are available when the consumer 
goes, whether he accepts your brand, whether your pricing is right. So, that is the 
market end. But on the back end, we are the best product. That is the promise of our 
brand, dependability, reliability, power, these are some of our key values that we 
stand for. So, at the back end, we work very hard to make sure that those things are 
given to the consumer. Now obviously, we are a small player, but we have advantage 
of having access to general trade. We have now started putting our footprint in the 
electrical outlets. So, we are confident that when the consumer goes and we would 
also communicate, like we have started communicating on batteries, we will also 
communicate on lighting. So, when the consumer goes to the shop, we aspire to be 
the product of his choice. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
This is very helpful. Sir, last on lighting, of this are Rs. 300 crore business. Any color 
on region wise where you will be more stronger than the other regions? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, Ritesh. I mean we are uniform. I mean, our footprint is all across and it follows 
the demographic pattern of the country. So, I wouldn’t say that we are sort of over 
indexing. Of course, there would be pockets where we would not be as strong as rest. 
But overall, I would say that we are uniformly spread. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mithun Aswath from Kivah Diva Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Mithun Aswath: 
I just wanted to understand this new distribution strategy that you're working on. I just 
wanted to understand what it would entail. And at the end of the strategy, would this 
help you in terms of improve your working capital? Or is it also to drive sales better? 

Page 9 of 14 
So, I just wanted to understand, is it only for the batteries? Or would it entail for the 
light and the other business. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
This is for all our categories. This is not something which is only specific to any 
particular category. See, the company have growth aspirations. Now that growth 
aspiration can only be actualized if my channel partner also participates in that growth, 
right, which means he has to bring additional capital, etc., et cetera. He should be 
able to earn good profit, he should be able to rotate goods quick. So, the entire 
emphasis on our new route to market is hinging on these few factors that determine 
whether he is able to bring the additional capital that is necessary to fuel growth. Can 
he rotate? Is he smart in the supply chain? That is something that while we view from 
the company side, whether he can also supply to the market in an effective and 
efficient manner so that he can rotate things faster, the secondaries get tracked, 
better, etc., et cetera. So, it is really sort of really looking at the whole process of how 
do we make things his efficient. The accent is not so much on cost savings. The 
accent is more on how we can make this distribution really the engine for our growth 
that we aspire for. 
Mithun Aswath: 
But at the same time, is the distribution too spread out? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Let me answer. So, basically, see, we have a footprint of our products in 4 million 
outlets, of which short of 1 million we service directly, correct. Today we have no 
aspiration at this point, as I speak, to increase that outlet reach. The only thing is that 
what we are trying to do is that we think for the size of our business today and for the 
next year, at least, that outlet reach is adequate. What we want to do is that, that 
outlet reach should happen in a more efficient manner and should happen in a growth 
accretive manner. That is all. 
Mithun Aswath: 
And when do you think we will start seeing the benefits of this? Would it be from the 
quarter 1 of next year? Or it would take maybe a few quarters for us to start seeing 
the benefit? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
The team feels confident that it should be from quarter 1. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Mehul Savla from RW Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Mehul Savla: 
So, first, it was very heartening to see the full-page ad on Times of India for the AAA 
batteries 2 days ago. So, is this now part of a sustainable strategy? Or is it just to get 
the initial interest in this segment? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
No, Mehul. I mean, I have been articulating this time and again this is an activity that 
we will make sustainable, we’ll be there right through the year. I mean it is 
commendable that you saw that advertisement, but we were also during the quarter, 
present on air, on TV, on digital, with our ads on batteries and you would see us all 
the time now. 
Mehul Savla: 
So, I think visibility has been there. I think it was just the buy 3 get 1. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
That was just a consumer activation program that we undertook. 
Mehul Savla: 
And secondly, sir, just more a specific question on this consultant-related expenses, 
like marketing, as we understand it's a long-term investment and will continue through 
this year, this quarter next year. But the consultant rated expenses, is it possible to 

Page 10 of 14 
quantify that this quarter or in last quarter? I mean, how much total we’re going to be 
spending, which should be nonrecurring. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, this is really for a short period of time. And this route to market exercise that we 
have undertaken, it is all with the help of our consultants because we needed that 
bandwidth at this point of time. So, it is costing us something like about maybe 1.5% 
of our turnover for the current year. And if consultation agreements are offered for a 
very limited time, I mean until the company needs to be properly advised. So, that is 
where it stands. 
Mehul Savla: 
So, I think it's a great move, and I think it really adds definitely a lot of value for the 
strategy point of view. I’m just saying that the expenses will get done in this Q4. I 
mean FY '24, there will not be further provisioning for this segment? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Maybe marginal, very, very marginal. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rupen Masalia from RN Associates. Please go 
ahead. 
Rupen Masalia: 
Sir, my question is pertaining to battery business. Basically, just wanted to know like 
our market share is 54.5% at the end of Q3. So, is it predominantly in zinc carbon 
battery or total, including alkaline batteries? So, if you can throw some light on that 
and that's part 1. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, shall I first answer that question? 
Rupen Masalia: 
Yes, that’s better, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, this 54.5% is for the whole market, which is the data that is AC Nielsen throws 
out. So, this for the whole market, which comprises of both carbon zinc as well as 
alkaline. 
Rupen Masalia: 
And basically, I think in the last call, you alluded that our market share is relatively 
lower in premium alkaline batteries. So, if you can throw some more light on what sort 
of strategies we are going to adopt going forward to increase our market share and 
since we have started on premiumization journey. So, in the light of that, if you can 
elaborate us. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we have been a late entrant in the alkaline market, not late entrants, really, we 
were there, but the company did not focus too much on the alkaline battery, I mean 
not alkaline, I mean the consumer doesn’t understand alkaline or carton zinc, I would 
say the higher priced batteries. So, this is an effort that we have sort of undertaken 
from the last 2 quarters, and we are systematically sort of trying to make ourselves 
more meaningful in that higher premium segment of the market. So, this is going to 
be a bit of an effort that needs to be sustained over a period of time, but we are 
completely sworn to it. So, hopefully, as we speak quarter-by-quarter, you would see 
us improving in that front. 
Rupen Masalia: 
And overall battery industry, how do you see it growing going forward in the times to 
come in, maybe say, over the next 3 years, 4 years, 5 years? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, if I go by the immediate past, the picture is not that rosy. But you must also sort 
of understand that we have gone through a very bad inflation cycle and demand 
slowed down for every consumable commodity, every consumable product category. 
So, where does the headroom lie for battery growth. The headroom lies in the fact 

Page 11 of 14 
that we are one of the lowest battery consuming countries in the world. The country 
has not yet seen many of the devices which are prevalent in the rest of the world. Just 
to give you an idea, our batteries, which have been consumed by the various devices, 
the one which is the most predominant one is the remote control. That consumes 
something like 40% of all batteries which are sold in the market, correct? Now in the 
U.S., that same number is only 3%, which indicates the kind of headroom that is there
for other devices to come into the market and penetrate into households, which has
not happened. Like, for example, a pretty important battery consuming device is a
toy. Now in India, the toy penetration is the lowest, and the government is putting a
lot of emphasis on improving the toy market. So, these are things, it would be very
difficult for me to say when Indians would start using electric razors, they would start
using electric toothbrush, they would use electronic shaves, it is very hard for me to
really speculate on that. But I know that India will one day get it. So, whether that's
going to happen next year or 3 years down the road, it's very hard to say. So, I would
say, overall, there is a very good case for growth for batteries. But if we go by the
immediate past, it seems a little flattish.
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, question is sir, if you could explain me sir, what was the change in the product 
mix if you go on a Q-on-Q basis for September to December? As you have mentioned 
that we have gone for some premiumization. So, if you could give some more color.  
Suvamoy Saha: 
As I was just explaining to the previous speaker, our premiumization have been in 
getting higher volumes from the premium end of the battery market, and that is how 
our value moved up. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, any more color, meaning how to differentiate between let’s say what was earlier 
and what currently today by any value you want to assign? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
The alkaline portfolio of Eveready was relatively smaller, and with passing times it 
would only grow. So, as a result, because we were under indexed in the premium 
side, you would see value growth. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Maybe I will take it off-line. But sir, what explained then this 10% reduction in the 
revenue? And you mentioned FOREX impact also negatively impacting the bottom 
line. So, what was the FOREX impact for this quarter and 9 months? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
The FOREX impact itself would have been about 2% which would see roughly about 
Rs. 20-odd crore. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Rs. 20-odd crore. So, that translates into direct hit to the bottom line? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Absolutely. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And the rupee depreciation still unaffected currently, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, we have got stabilized at this Rs. 82.50. Now what has happened is so if it's not 
going anywhere any more southwards. Now the only thing is that the raw material 
prices, the basic raw material prices have started sort of becoming more favorable. 
So, hopefully, in the coming times, we should see sort of better margin for ourselves. 
And that is what we are unless something again goes wrong because commodities 
are not really in our hands. 

Page 12 of 14 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, if you take the RM basket, just to delve slightly deeper, what should we be 
constituent in percentage terms? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Sorry, come again. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I want the breakup of the raw material basket, sir. What are the key constituents of 
the same? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, I would say that the key constituents, I'll tell you, if you want further details, you 
write to our investor cell, we'll be only too pleased to give you, but the main 
constituents are zinc, a very pure form of manganese dioxide known as EMD, battery 
chemical called acetylene black, ammonium fluoride, steel, tinplate. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And all are imported. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Like, for example, zinc is completely local, but it is dollar denominated. All the 
products dollar denominated. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, 2-line items I have more queries. Sir, you were speaking about the employee 
benefit expenses, sir. So, what should likely be the absolute number, sir? I think 
currently as a percentage of sales, what kind of employee cost on an annual basis 
are we looking? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Currently, we stand at about 10.5%. That I think is a little over indexed, and we are 
trying to improve on that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What are the targets here, sir? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
As a first step, we would certainly like to come down under 10%. It should happen 
next year hopefully. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And on the other expenses line item, sir, what has led to the increase even on the 
lower revenue, we have -- 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I explained to one of the previous speakers, it is a combination of A&P and the 
consultancy investment that we have made. 
Saket Kapoor: 
The payment you’re making to Bain Capital, the agency you have hired. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Yes. I mean they are our consulting partner. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, sir, when are the fruits being delivered? Whatever we are spending today, will 
you hope for the next financial year will be the one where we will be seeing the same? 
And what kind of normalized margins can we look for a business of batteries? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I would say the sustainable margin the company target is about mid teen levels 
EBITDA. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And these are the blended margins for all segments together? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
All segments taken together, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And when are we going to see those reflecting on the number? 

Page 13 of 14 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Let's see. Let's hope that it happens next year itself. 
Saket Kapoor: 
One request, sir. Sir, FOREX impact should be articulated even in your press release, 
so that would give a fair assumption of how the performance have been. So, that 
could have been very helpful if the FOREX number being mentioned in the press or 
your financial review part. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
I am taking note of that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. You only mentioned adverse movement, but that’s a substantial one to the 
profitability, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Okay. I’ll take note of that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kunal Jain from Jain Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Jain: 
I think previously you had alluded regarding how the battery consumption trend in 
India and in U.S. is different. So, I just had some question on battery. And this is 
slightly more a longer-term picture from a longer-term perspective, so say, beyond 4, 
5 years, how do you see the segment grow? For example, today, we see a lot of 
remote-control devices being linked to your mobile phone or something like that, so 
say, smart ACs, smart TV. So, today, we have 40% of our consumption coming from 
remote, how do you see that mix change over 5 to 10 years? And any reading material 
you would think would be helpful for us, please do recommend, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, as I explained a little while back, as devices come and devices like electric 
toothbrush, electric razor, smart remotes, optical mouse, etc., et cetera, electronic 
safe, electronic lock and as these devices come, battery consumption would go 
towards these segments. As a result, while the remote consumption of battery should 
not come down, but in the relative percentage it will come down. That is how it has 
happened even in countries which are relatively more developed than us. 
Kunal Jain: 
And sir, 1 more question on Lighting segment. You have already spoken about how 
lighting as a segment were seeing some impact in terms of demand slowdown and 
that is what our competition have also spoken about and say some competition has 
taken increasing advertising spend while margins have contracted for them. How do 
you see that same thing play for us over the next 2, 3 years? Do you think we'll have 
some advantage because we have a lower base? 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, yes. Number one is, of course, we are growing out of a much lower base. Plus, 
we have really not tapped into our distribution strength, which is going to happen. We 
have not even sort of scratched the surface on that. Plus, we will be, I would say, 
hopefully, intelligently communicating. So, based on all these, I don't see the 
challenge in our growth in lighting to be of the same order as that of a much more 
evolved player. So, I would say you got it right. I mean we are coming off of a small 
base. So, our growth trajectory is going to be far steeper. 
Kunal Jain: 
And sir, last 2 bookkeeping questions. One would be what would be our debt level. I 
think last quarter, it was Rs. 345 crore or something. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
We ended the quarter at about Rs. 365 crore odd. 
Kunal Jain: 
And if you could just help us with the EBITDA breakup for our 3 segments? 

Page 14 of 14 
Suvamoy Saha: 
So, our EBITDA for the 3 segments were like this, battery was about closer to Rs. 20-
odd crore, flashlight about Rs. 4-odd crore and the Lighting was flat, meaning 
breakeven. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as a last question. I now hand the floor back to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Suvamoy Saha: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us on our quarterly earnings 
conference call. I hope we have addressed all your queries. If you still have any more 
questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team, we will be 
happy to address them. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: The transcript has been edited for clarity, and may contain some transcription errors. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
