<\ff''f!l  ;fl <ft rrcJ II
Lr 
"SI.cm.  	  t1ftan 
 
q\if 1  ft:i   
"mR cf>al"  t;l\£'<1, "Sl ,
Punjab & Sind Bank 
21• 
v 
w. 
x 
y-110008 
...... =\.:- ,e.;_. .a:,..
H.O. Account & Audit Department 
Ufi'8 '11( lltll )C( 
"SHARES CELL" Bank House, 1st Floor 
('lmltlml1'il I AGovt.oflndiaUndertaking) 
21, Rajendra Place, New Delhi-110008 
Phone: 011-25782926, 25812922, Email: complianceofficer@psb.co.in 
./Ref.No. PSB/HO/Shares Cell I 108 /2022-23 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Derartment of Corporate Services,
251 floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 00 l. 
SCRIP ID : PSB 
SCRIP CODE : 533295 
Dear Sir, 
/ /Dated: ·1.mrnrY}.,}9JJ ..
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C - l, Block -G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (East), 
Mumbai -400 051. 
SYMBOL: PSB SEIUES: EQ 
Reg: Transcript of the Virtual Analyst Conference on Unaudited Reviewed Financial 
Results for Quarter (Q3) I Nine Months ended 31st December 2022. 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Virtual Analyst Conference on the Unaudited 
Reviewed Financial Results for Quarter (Q3) / Nine Months ended 31st December, 2022 held 
on 23rd January, 2023 
The transcript of the Virtual Analyst Conference is uploaded on Bank's website and the same 
can be accessed through below link: 
https://punjabandsindbank.co. i n/system/uploads/document/7803_2023013 l 173 043 865 7 4 .pdf 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
Saket Mehrotra 
Company Secretary 
saket
Digitally signed by 
saket 
Date: 2023.01.31 
17:43:52 +05'30'

“Punjab & Sind Bank Q3 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 23, 2023 
Management:  Shri Swarup Kumar Saha, Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer 
Shri Kollegal V Raghavendra, Executive Director 
Dr Ram Jass Yadav, Executive Director 
Ms Mahima Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer 

1 
Moderator: Good Afternoon, Ladies and Gentlemen! I'm Shilpa Abraham, the 
moderator for this conference call. I welcome and thank each one of you for joining 
us today for the Punjab & Sind Bank Q3 FY23 Financial Results.  
Please note that this conference call is being recorded and all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the opening remarks by the management.  
I would now like to introduce the management of Punjab & Sind Bank. We have with 
us today: Shri Swarup Kumar Saha, MD & CEO, Shri Kollegal V Raghavendra, 
Executive Director, Dr Ram Jass Yadav, Executive Director, and Ms. Mahima 
Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to say that some of 
the statements that will be made in today's discussion may be forward looking in 
nature. I would now like to hand over the conference to Shri Swarup Kumar Saha, 
MD & CEO of Punjab & Sind Bank for the opening remarks, after which the forum 
will be open for the interactive Q&A session. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Thank you Ms.Shilpa. A good afternoon to all of you and 
welcome you all to this analyst conference on a virtual mode. Though the results are 
already in the public domain and the analyst presentation has also been uploaded on 
the website of the Bank and the Stock Exchanges. However, just to put the 
perspective before you, I'll give you a brief highlight of the Q3 performance of the 
Bank. The Business has grown by 12.08% on YoY basis to Rs.1,87,242 crore, the 
Deposits have gone up by 9.11% on YoY basis to Rs.1,09,497 crore, Gross 
Advances has grown by 16.54% on YoY basis to Rs. 77,745 crore. The CD ratio has 
improved to 71%, RAM advances stands at 51.39%, showing a YoY growth of 
19.07% for Q3. Net profit of the Bank for Q3 was Rs 373 crore against a net profit of 
Rs.278 crore last quarter, which is showing a QoQ growth of 34.17% and YoY 
growth of 23.92%. The operating profit went up by 8.18% on a QoQ basis and 3.61% 
on YoY basis. The Gross Non-Performing Assets ratio reduced by 608 bps on YoY 
basis to 8.36%. Net Non-Performing Assets also reduced by 99 bps on YoY basis to 
2.02%. The fresh slippages have also reduced to Rs 243 crore in the quarter against 
that of Rs.377 crore last quarter. The Bank is well capitalized with a CRAR of 
15.57% and CET 1 of 12.79%. The return on assets improved to 1.11%, the yield on 
advances improved to 8.12% and the CASA deposits grew by 11.33%. The slippage 
ratio also improved to 0.36% for the 3rd quarter against 0.58% for Q2 for FY 2023. 
The provision coverage ratio stands at 89.31% against 87.77% in December quarter 
of 2021. The cost to income ratio has also improved to 63.47% for Q3 of the current 
financial year as against 64.20% of last year’s Q3. The same was 65.30% for the 
quarter ended 30th September. So, this was the summary of the performance of the 
Bank for Q3. Now, I'm open to the questions from the participants. Thank you. 

2 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. We will now begin the Q & A session. Our first question 
is from the line of Shri Amit Mishra. Sir, please state your organization name and 
please go ahead with your question.  
Amit Mishra: Good afternoon sir, Amit Mishra here. I'm from the Indus Equity 
advisors. Congratulations on your numbers. My question is regarding our loan 
growth. This quarter we have really done well. What were the key areas of our 
growth because I can see in your retail, we have done 32% growth. So, are we 
focusing more on retail? Because Agri and SME’s I think are more or less similar to 
the last quarter growth. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Right, so if you see my incremental increase of the advances 
QoQ basis, between RAM and the Corporate, Rs.2000 crore of RAM and Rs.1900 
crore of Corporate segment. As far as the sequential growth is concerned, it has 
been more or less evened out between RAM and corporate. However, on YoY basis 
the overall credit has shown traction of 16.54%, slightly aided by a lower base of 
December 21 quarter. So therefore, the traction is looking at 16.54%. So, we were 
aided slightly by a smaller base where the figures of December 21 had come down 
from September 21. So that is one part of it. As far as the other part of your question 
regarding the segmental part, yes, our retail has done well. We are focusing on our 
overall retail which has grown by 32%, but the overall RAM segment has grown by 
19%. It is primarily aided by the housing loan segment, the vehicle loan and the 
personal loans, and of course, in the other segments like gold loan. So, these are 
some of the areas which we are focusing on. Our idea is to have a predominant 
RAM segment percentage. As of now we find that it is at 51.39%. So, we will try to 
bring this a bit upside towards 52% plus by end of March and in the next financial 
year to around 53 - 54%. So that's how we are working.  
Amit Mishra: Thank you, Sir. On personal loans you mentioned there is a growth of 
101% YoY. So, is the growth rate 100% because of low base, or are we doing 
something different in this section?  
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes, some of it is aided by the low base. Of course, the figure 
of Rs.483 crore looks 100% more than December 21, but we have also done 
something new here. What we have done here is that we have brought in Pre-
Approved Personal Loan (PAPL) product for the Bank which is giving good traction 
and is based on data analytics. We have now also brought it into the mobile app. So, 
within 3 clicks this pre-approved personal loan category is taking traction. This new 
product is the driving force in the incremental growth of personal loan from Rs.240 
crore to Rs.483 crore and is getting traction quite well in the Bank. 
Amit Mishra:  Okay, so you have also mentioned gold loan. Can you give me the 
amount for this quarter and the last quarter and the previous year?  

3 
Swarup Kumar Saha: The numbers we will share with you seperately. As of now we 
can say that there is good traction in gold loan. 
Amit Mishra: I'm asking you this because PSU Banks specifically are more focused 
on gold loan in the last 3 / 4 quarters.  
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yeah, we have a similar trend here also. Though, our Bank is 
predominantly in the northern belt. The Southern based Banks have a larger share in 
this but what we have found is that there is a good traction in our belts also. The 
outstanding Agri gold is Rs 276 crore.  
Amit Mishra: Okay, my next question - what is the average cost of deposit for the 
quarter because Yields on Advances has grown significantly from last quarter to this 
quarter.  
Swarup Kumar Saha: Correct, the cost of deposit is at 4.66% and cost of fund is 
3.86%.  
Sushil Chowksy: This is Sushil Chowksy from Indus Equity. What is the credit 
pipeline visible as of today?  
Swarup Kumar Saha: In terms of the overall credit portfolio, we are having quite a 
good number of leads here and work in process. So, as of now, we are having 
around Rs.5000 crore to Rs.6,000 crore of inventory with us, which we are working 
on. 
Sushil Chowksy: Sir my understanding is based on your CD ratio and with the 
current market situation, is it not possible that we can beat the industry average by 
miles and take a higher market share? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: That is a call that we have to take very judiciously in the 
Bank. As mentioned earlier, we like to pace our credit growth in a normal way while 
addressing the issue of the low credit growth earlier. We should also be quite 
conscious of the fact that we should have good underwriting standards, monitoring 
skills etc and we're building that up in the Bank through improvement in our 
underwriting requirements, our skills, our back office performances. So, as we scale 
up our underwriting requirements from the current level to our next higher level, till 
then we will pace our credit growth. We are not in the competition of credit with the 
market. We will be happy with the credit that goes in line with the industry. As far as 
beating that credit growth of the market is concerned, we leave it for some future 
perspective here.  
Sushil Chowksy: My question was not about beating industry. The current situation 
demands that Punjab & Sind Bank has the potential to do that. I'm not forcing or 
asking anybody to do anything but I'm asking because of your current CD ratio, and 
possibly a low profile in last 3 years. That's a potential which you're sitting on, it’s like 
a gold mine, which is visible in the market conditions. Will you capture or not? It 

4 
doesn't matter Sir, that’s a decision of the board. Whether it's a credit or a low cost 
deposit or if you want to say retail products, or you want to have technology, 
everything needs a human resource and what are we doing as an enabler because 
you may build a tall tower but if there's no human resource, nothing's gonna happen. 
So, what are we doing about human resource and digitization, which is an enabler 
for a good TAT. I see that is a problem with most of the Banks of late. 
Kollegal V Raghavendra: The HR is actually specialized area now and it has 
attracted a lot of attention. So, what we have done is an initial initiative, we have 
identified the resources within the Bank and we have mapped them. Competency 
mapping as a 1st step has been done. We have also already made some 
advertisement which is part of the 1st exercise. We are recruiting people laterally 
where our talent is required in some specialized centers and maybe down the line, 
we will have to do an overall assessment and we will have to do the competency 
mapping, training, as well as the lateral recruitment. So that's an ongoing exercise 
which we would like to strengthen in the next year that is 23-24.  
Swarup Kumar Saha:  And to add to what ED, Mr. Raghavendra said is skilling, 
upskilling and reskilling. So those are important things for the Bank where we are 
laying focus on. We are working division by division on it. Our staff training college 
infrastructure has been upgraded and now it is ISO certified on the quality part. We 
are tying up with various other institutes like IIM Ahmedabad, XLRI Jamshedpur and 
various other top rated management institutes. The training of our staff in these 
institutes will make them agile, versatile and will make them relevant in the current 
context. 
Sushil Chowksy: You didn't answer my last question, which is part of the same one 
on digitization. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yeah, digitization is another important area. See, you must 
be aware that any fast digitization requires a strong technological platform. So, we 
are undergoing Finacle upgradation from 7 to 10, which is somehow limiting my 
overall growth story in the digitization front. However, we intend that the migration 
should happen by June 23 but till then we are focusing a lot on how the present 
system and the platform can support new value-added services in the mobile app. 
So first of all, we are making the app stable and my rating on the Google App Store 
has improved considerably to 4.4 from 4.3. My value added services have started to 
show traction. The pre- approved personal loan, online account opening is there and 
the lead generation through my app is also happening. Now, we have introduced 
Digi locker also wherein the customer can also get his statement and TDS certificate 
through the app. We are upgrading and are also having an omnichannel sort of 
infrastructure for the users which will provide one experience for both digital mobile 
transactions and through internet Banking. As we go along my technological 
upgradation which is happening parallelly, my valuation in the digital area will also 

5 
pick up. We are now also contemplating the e-renewal of MSME accounts and KCC 
accounts which will save a lot on human resources and increase our productivity. So, 
these are various things in the pipeline. We have the WhatsApp Banking, the tab 
Banking concept is there. We will bring this slowly as we move along. 
Sushil Chowksy: Sir, what is the write back on provisions from? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Basically, the recovery. These are provisions which are 
written back from the recovery of certain big and small accounts. In fact, if you see 
my last two quarters performance, we had provided for this. It is the time we got 
some write back and we involved that in my balance sheet management. 
Sushil Chowksy: How much amount will be lumpy and how much will be a small 
amount? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Lumpy would be around 50% of that. 
Sushil Chowksy: And are you estimating any write backs in Q4 too? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yeah, sure. See overall guidance for my recovery 
upgradation, we have already done Rs 1178 crores in 9 months and we intend that 
we should finish by minimum Rs 1800 crores by the end of the year in terms of total 
recovery upgradation. So that will also give me some cushion for write back in the 
accounts because my PCR is already 89.31%, my NCLT provisions are nearly 100% 
so there's a lot of scope of write back in certain lumpy accounts and we are also 
having a good traction in our small value recovery up to Rs 5 crore segment, which 
we have especially designed, and that too is taking good traction. 
Moderator:  Thank you, sir. We now have our next question from Mr. Ashok Ajmera. 
Sir, may I request you to please introduce your organization. Thank you. 
Ashok Ajmera:  Yes, I'm Ashok Ajmera, the chairman of Ajcon Global Services 
Limited. We are into capital market and equity research. At the outset, I would like to 
compliment you for another good quarter with good results. Especially if you look at 
the operating profit and the net profit and various other parameters, your NIM has 
been good, slippage ratio is also under control too. Having said that, I have couple of 
observations & questions, some of which I had raised in the previous quarter’s 
analyst meet but this time I would like some data points also which can be shared 
with me a little later in case it is not ready. I would like to know about the detailed 
calculation of networth. As networth at various places are different. If you take the 
last quarter, then the networth is completely different and if you look at what is 
shown in the results, Rs 6,071 crore networth is different and if you look at the 
capital and the reserves, the networth is different. Definitely there may be some 
reasons and way of calculations, some revaluations and some valuation of the 
recapitalization bonds but can somebody give me the exact calculation of the 
networth, which is shown in the results of Rs 6,071 crore. This is one data point on 

6 
which I need some information. Secondly, on the DTA, if someone can explain as 
our tax in last quarter was negative Rs 85 crore, this quarter you have Rs 178 crore 
and the DTA balance is Rs 1980 crore. So, just in order to get little color, how will we 
be ending the whole year because ultimately all said and done the provision is 
deducted from the profit and the net profit is only counted. Next is on the single fraud 
of Rs 53.79 crore, note number 13, where the provision of Rs 26.89 crore is made, 
and Rs 26.9 crore has been carried forward to be provided in the next three quarters, 
or you may even provide in the next quarter also. What kind of fraud account is this 
because if it's credit borrower fraud account of Rs 53.79 crore then what are the 
chances of some immediate recovery from that account. I would like to ask one more 
question on the overall credit growth. We have been discussing about the credit and 
last time also you gave an explanation about our old legacies and how you want to 
be careful but we have reached the time when our Bank has already been rated by 
the analyst, fund managers and the investors across the country & the globe. So, 
can we have a little more ambitious plan on this front because if you look at the 
corporate and RAM, the growth is kind of negligible. So, on the corporate credit 
when a Bank of our size or double of our size or somewhere near to that can grow at 
20- 21%, why can't we have a roadmap where we also have some good credit plans
and what are the worries for that? Why can't we do it? These are some of my
questions and observation in this round, if time permits, I'll come back again.
Swarup Kumar Saha: Okay, thank you. Mr. Ajmera. The first two questions on the 
networth and the DTA Mr. Raghavendra our ED will answer and then I'll take you 
through third and fourth question.  
Kollegal V Raghavendra: With regard to your question on the calculation of 
networth, the networth is calculated as paid up capital plus free reserves minus 
intangible assets. We have two or three things in this such as DTA which is an 
intangible asset and we deduct. In addition to this, while calculating the networth, we 
have also taken into account the discount or the fair value of the zero coupon bonds. 
This differs every quarter and has been deducted. These are the main 2 
components. With regards to the horizon regarding the DTA for Q4 it is also 
expected to be on the similar lines. 
Ashok Ajmera: So, just coming back to that valuation part. So, valuation for the non 
- interest bearing recapitalization bonds is very substantial because if you take Rs
2000 crore of DTA and the capital and free reserves are Rs 14,654 crore, networth is
only Rs.6071 crore. So, a total of approximately Rs 8,000 crore is the total difference
between capital plus reserve surplus and the networth which is shown here. So, the
fair valuation deduction in the zero coupon bond is almost about Rs.3500 to Rs
4,000 crore.

7 
Kollegal V Raghavendra: Yeah, it will be around that only because as you know, 
these bonds are of 10 years duration and the fair value is also distributed over 10 
years period. 
Ashok Ajmera: Ok so this point well taken. Now another of my observations. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Now coming to your third and fourth question regarding the 
fraud. This fraud we had disclosed sometime in November when it happened. It is 
basically a liability side fraud regarding fixed deposit misappropriation by a few 
employees of the Bank. The fraud amount has now crystallized and we have 
provided 50% of that. As far as your question on recovery is concerned, the CBI has 
fast tracked the investigation process. Investigation agency is hoping strong 
possibilities of recovery and going forward we will have some recovery, at least 
phase wise, because it's an amount of Rs.54 crores that is in question. We have 
around Rs 5 crores in our various accounts, which has been freezed. We need the 
investigation agencies to complete their investigations and we are getting signals 
that maybe some of the recovery will happen. We cannot really envisage the exact 
amount at this point of time until the amount really comes into our Bank. The other 
point was regarding your overall credit growth. Mr. Ajmera, if you study our Banks 
legacy from March 18 to March 22, the Bank did not grow due to various issues. We 
now have a strong position in terms of our capital requirements. We are now moving 
towards a credit growth cycle. We ended at 3% plus in March ‘22, 6% in June ‘22, 
9% plus in September ‘22 and now we are at 16.54%. I think that is a good enough 
signal that we are in the market to grow but to what extent we should grow, that's a 
call that we will internally take. We have our mechanisms in place and as I said 
earlier we are not in the race of credit growth, which is happening in the market. We'll 
pace ourselves, work on an efficiency. There's a liquidity factor that is coming into 
the market which you're all aware of. So, until and unless we manage that 
simultaneously, going all out in terms of the competition into a market for the credit 
growth may not be a prudent way of doing things. So, we'll pace our things up and 
on a quarter on quarter basis, the advances have significantly grown and if you map 
this to the last 3-4 years performance of the Bank you will find some significant 
improvement. Let us be patient and we will deliver as per the risk appetite of our 
Bank.  
Ashok Ajmera: That is of course there sir. Can some idea be given, out of this Rs 
4,000 Cr in this quarter which you grew, how much percentage is consortium 
advances and single standalone percentage. So, it will give you some idea that how 
our credit department is looking or working. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: I think the credit department is working very fine. As far as 
the data point is concerned, that can be shared separately but if you see our 
incremental QoQ growth around Rs 4,000 crores have been evenly spread out 
between RAM advances and corporate credit and corporate credit will include some 

8 
of the PSUs and NBFCs and certain other corporate accounts. So, it may not be 
totally consortium, there are a significant number of standalone accounts also. 
Ashok Ajmera: Thank you, point taken sir. I will come back again. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir, our next question is from the line of Mr.Saket Kapoor. 
Sir, may I request you to please introduce yourself and ask your question. 
Saket Kapoor: Thank you for this opportunity. Firstly, what kind of investments have 
we done in improving the technological backbone of the Banking system. What has 
been the overall expenditure? What steps are we talking to improve the efficiency 
and the introduction of AI to get an early indication of where there is stress in the 
system? If you could elaborate the same and how we are matching other private 
sector and other Banks in the same coverage area where they have the same 
market share where they have dominant presence. If you could please elaborate on 
the same. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Thank you Mr. Saket for your questions. As far as the 
technology platform is concerned, we are going through a version upgradation from 
7 to 10 and that entails an investment of Rs 250 crore. We are going through the 
process and it is likely to culminate by June. We are 50% through the process 
already and the remaining 50% should be completed by June. After we migrate into 
this platform on our upgraded version, the Bank will again move forward into the 
areas where we need to focus on to be future ready and to be the best in class.. I 
agree with you Mr. Saket in your observation that we need to focus on technological 
platform upgradation which we will be doing but we have to be a bit more mindful of 
the quantum which we will be investing in the future because of the present context 
of my Bank, in which the upgradation project is just on. So, any further project we 
take will be after we complete this process. In another two quarters down the line, 
we'll be able to give you an indication as to the things we intend to do future. As far 
as your question on AI and maybe machine learning and other data analytics, these 
are all part of this process. We are focusing on that and in fact we will be recruiting 
data analytics, we'll be collaborating with fintechs and as my technology upgradation 
happens, my fintech collaborations will also increase. So, we will be taking all the 
necessary enablers that are currently required to remain relevant in this very 
competitive ecosystem. We have adopted our early warning signal mechanism also 
and we are working on how to further upgrade ourselves so that our collection 
efficiency increases. In spite of the technology that has not been updated so far, we 
are still having good traction in our improvement in collection efficiency. If you see 
my fresh slippages, quarter on quarter has come down significantly from Rs 377 
crores to around Rs 242 crores. So this is how we are improving our monitoring 
mechanisms and we are focusing on segment wise collection efficiency. Overall, my 
collection efficiency is around 92% plus and we intend to increase it further. As far as 
your last observation regarding how do I place myself with a private Bank, yes, we 

9 
are in a very competitive world, particularly in the northern belt of the country where 
we are predominantly present. There's a lot of competition from the private sector 
and we are preparing ourselves slowly and steadily based on my technological 
upgradation.  
Saket Kapoor: What amount has been spent as of now and what is the ballpark 
number which we will be spending for this technological upgradation? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: I told you, about Rs 250 crores is the cost of the project 
implementation.  
Saket Kapoor: When we look at your cost to income ratio and if we take the 
averages for other Banks it is a higher. What should be the number going ahead say 
two years down the line? What are we targeting in terms of cost to income ratio? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yeah, that is true that our average cost to income ratio is very 
high compared to the peer group. Predominantly, the reason was that due to capital 
constraints we were not able to grow and asset quality issues were quite huge. So, 
the Bank had taken a conscious decision to first consolidate ourselves. So, from that, 
the income was a bit muted for the last 2 - 3 years. Since it's a ratio between cost 
and income, once the income goes down, the cost sometimes has to be managed 
but some are steady costs, which cannot be brought down and the cost to income 
had gone up to 75% 1 year back.  So, from that perspective, we have moved on and 
we have come down to 63%+. Our target is to reach as close as 60% by end of 
March and by going forward in the next 2-3 years turnaround plan, we intend to bring 
it between 50 to 55%. 
Saket Kapoor: Lastly, Sir, I missed your commentary on this reversal of Provisions 
of around Rs 271 crores, line item number 8. So, if you could throw some more light 
on this. 
Swarup Kumar Saha: The provisions were from the write-back due to the recovery 
that has been made in certain accounts where we had additionally provided for. It 
was equally spread more or less between the big ticket ones and the smaller ones. 
Primarily, if you see, my recovery & upgradation is constantly increasing and it is 
more than my slippages and my PCR is over 89%. It still went further to 89.31% in 
the current quarter and this is enabling me to have the cushion to write-back the 
provisions on those accounts.  
Saket Kapoor: Sir, can you quantify how many accounts have seen this reversal 
and in which sector? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: It will be a number of accounts and the smaller accounts will 
be spread across.
Saket Kapoor: Out of this Rs.271 crore what is the largest proportion and which 
sector it belongs to. 

10 
Swarup Kumar Saha: One would be the infrastructure sector which gave me the 
biggest reversal and a financial company. 
Saket Kapoor: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir our next question is from the line of Mr. Marsal L. Sir may 
I please ask you to introduce your organization? 
Marsal L:  Good afternoon. I’m an individual investor. My question regarding in 
continuation of the last question by Mr. Kapoor regarding this provision reversal of 
Rs 271 crore so, is it mainly from SREI, Reliance Capital or something else? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: See I told you that we cannot really disclose it. No, SREI has 
not been resolved yet. We got this write back from an account in infrastructure sector 
and a financial company. 
Marsal L:. 2nd thing how much exposure we have to Reliance Capital? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Reliance capital we don't have any exposure. 
Marsal L: Oh, very good and to SREI is substantial right?  
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yeah, Rs.1200 crore. 
Marsal L: So it fully provided or what? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Fully provided. 
Marsal L: Okay, next thing, as I was listening was that the Bank has been in the 
conservative mode last few years. Considering that you have already taken a 
substantial amount from central government and your equity requirement is fulfilled, 
so, whether the Bank can take off in the credit growth or not? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: First of all, we are well capitalized as on December and we 
need not get any support from the government for funding our own credit growth. We 
estimate a credit growth of 15 per cent for the overall financial year and we feel that 
the overall growth will be to that extent and the capital that we hold would be 
sufficient. As a prudent measure we have already disclosed to the market that we 
have taken a board approval for raising capital of Rs 250 crore. Now we will be 
engaging with our investors community to have feedback and we will explore raising 
of more capital through this mode in sometime in the current quarter or in the next 
few quarters in various tranches. Though our capital strength is quite good in terms 
of the present state of affairs, we would like to build buffers for the future in terms of 
various geopolitical situations that are cropping up. So, that is an option that we 
have, and we are working on that. 
Marsal L:  So, for SREI this expected recovery is almost 40%? 

11 
Swarup Kumar Saha: See, it is very difficult to give you a ballpark number of how 
much would be the figure, but what I can tell you surely is that the resolution of this 
account is in the fast track. However, since the bidding process is now on so we 
cannot comment on this.  
Marsal L: Yes you are right sir, I agree. So, my last question is regarding deposit 
mobilization. We have seen in the market that many Banks have come up with some 
unique period deposits like 399 days 7.8% fixed deposit or 499 days and so on. 
Quite a number of Banks have mobilized significant amount of deposit in that 
particular bucket. So, whether your Bank has also launched such kind of deposit or 
is trying to launch to mobilize more resources so that the growth can be made more 
by the Bank? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yes absolutely. We have also done the same. We have our 
products for 400 days and 601 days. Our USP product is 601 days where the rate of 
interest is as competitive as the industry. We are mobilizing deposits in that, and we 
are getting good traction there. Apart from that, we're not only depending on the 
retail term deposits we're also focusing on garnering low cost current & savings 
account deposits and we are targeting more and more salary accounts. We have 
made good progress in 2-3 places where we have opened about 25,000 salary 
accounts of employees of government institutes and we are going to take it to a 
higher level in the current quarter and in the next quarter. So, it will be a mix of both 
on the retail term deposits and on the CASA front. We have also now brought in a lot 
of unique products for the Bank on the credit card business, on a standalone health 
business and the life insurance business on a bancassurance model. So, all this will 
now enable me to market more good quality savings and current accounts. 
Marsal L: Yeah, very good. My small suggestion to you please, I'm sure that you and 
your team is already working on the subject but if you could further segmentize it and 
set targets as whatever current account you get it is likely to go to the profit. I think 
the Bank should focus more on this part so that more and more current accounts & 
salary accounts can be opened and not only for government sector but even the 
private sector. If personalized service can be provided by your branches it will really 
put our Bank into a faster growth.  
Swarup Kumar Saha: Thank you for your feedback. We'll work on that. 
Moderator: I have 1 final question from Mr. Rohan, an independent investor. His 1st 
question is any QIP plans to dilute government stake? 2nd, all Banks are moving to 
digital 1st strategy. What is the Bank’s move towards that? 3rd, how is competitive 
intensity in credit or deposit side? All Bank’s are well capitalized and going behind 
deposit. How is Punjab & Sind Bank responding to that? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Okay, in some way or the other I have already answered the 
questions, but anyway, we can say it once more. The Bank has already taken a 

12 
board approval for raising capital of Rs 250 crores through a QIP or bond method 
over a period of 1 year and we are working on that. Regarding, the Bank becoming 
digital 1st, as I had said earlier that the Bank is undergoing technological upgradation 
which is more than 50% complete and by June it should be complete. Till then we 
are upgrading our services through our digital app and bringing in more and more 
value-added services in the app like, opening accounts online, having lead 
generation in process, having a Digi locker, preapproved personal loan. So, we are 
in the process of digital transformation. As my technological upgradation happens, 
this digital transformation will take traction. In terms of deposit mobilization, yes, as I 
said earlier, the deposit mobilization is being carried out in a very strong footing. We 
have given competitive rates for our fixed deposits and we are focusing on salary 
accounts of individuals. The current and savings account ie. CASA growth as a 
whole for the Bank is still handsome at over 11%. I think this is an area where we are 
doing better than many other Banks. We are growing significantly in terms of my 
current and savings and that gives us the encouragement that we can improve our 
low cost deposit base. Overall, the Bank has a lot of focuses lined up for the future. 
We are going to bring in the WhatsApp Banking, tab Banking, video KYC etc. We 
have now launched co-branded credit card with SBI cards. We have opened up term 
life insurance partnerering with Bajaj Allianz. We have got into a standalone health 
insurance business, bancassurance business with Aditya Birla Health Insurance. So 
these are some of various enablers that we are giving customers for our future 
growth story. 
Moderator: Thank you sir last question is from Mr. Vikas, independent analyst. Your 
main focus area has been the Northern region. How do you plan to expand to other 
regions? 
Swarup Kumar Saha: Yeah, absolutely true. Earlier it was predominantly northern 
belt network. We now have a plan for opening 50 branches by March’24 out of that 
25 we are planning till the March of this year end. So out of 25 we have already 
opened 3. We intend to open around another 20 to 22 branches by end of March and 
that will be on the other areas beyond the North i.e. Central, South and West areas. 
Similarly, for the next financial year, we have a plan for opening another 25 branches 
to give more Pan India network outreach. 
Moderator:  Thank you sir. We will wait for a minute for additional questions to come 
in. As there are no further questions from the participants, we now conclude this 
conference. On behalf of Punjab & Sind Bank, I thank each one of you for joining this 
conference call. Should you have any further queries, please reach out to us. Thank 
you. Have a good day ahead.  
Swarup Kumar Saha: Thank You. 
