 
CRISIL Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH1987PLC042363 
Registered Office: CRISIL House, Central Avenue, Hiranandani Business Park, Powai, Mumbai - 400076.  Phone: +91 22 3342 3000  |  Fax: +91 22 3342 
3001 
www.crisil.com 
 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Analyst Call Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosing herewith transcripts of the Analyst Call held on 
Wednesday, April 19, 2023. The transcripts are also available on Company's website at 
https://www.crisil.com/en/home/investors/analyst-hub.html. 
 
 
Kindly take this communication on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For CRISIL Limited 
 
 
Minal Bhosale 
Company Secretary 
ACS 12999 
MINAL 
AMIT 
BHOSALE
Digitally signed 
by MINAL AMIT 
BHOSALE 
Date: 2023.04.24 
21:50:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
“CRISIL Limited 
 
Analyst Conference Call” 
April 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Amish Mehta  
 
 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – CRISIL Limited 
Ms. Priti Arora  
Chief Strategy Officer and Business Head – CRISIL Global Analytical 
Center 
Mr. Sanjay Chakravarti  
President and Chief Financial Officer – CRISIL Limited 
Mr. Gurpreet Chhatwal  
Managing Director – CRISIL Ratings Limited 
Mr. Andre Cronje  
President and Head of International Business – CRISIL Limited 
Mr. Ashish Vora  
President and Business Head – CRISIL Market Intelligence and 
Analytics 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 30 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to CRISIL's Analyst Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we start, as a standard disclaimer from CRISIL, you would like to state that 
certain forward-looking statements during our interaction today are based on our 
current understanding of the company profile and market conditions. These are subject 
to change based on changing policies of the company and macro environment. The 
company does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements or other 
information contained in the presentation, whether as a result of new information, future 
events, or otherwise.  
As a policy, company refrains from giving specific quantitative guidance on its future 
performance, further in the interest of fair disclosures to investors, operational details 
relating to specific business segments, customer contracts will not be possible to be 
disclosed.  
Let me now hand over the call to Ms. Priti Arora, Chief Strategy Officer and Business 
Head, CRISIL Global Analytical Center to commence the proceedings.  
Priti Arora: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good afternoon, good evening and a very warm welcome to 
everyone who's joined us today virtually for the annual analyst call at CRISIL Limited. 
I'm Priti and I'm delighted to be speaking to you today and set the context and agenda 
for today's call. As you would have seen in the earnings release, CRISIL delivered 
strong growth in Q1, 2023 and 2022. The robust performance, especially during the 
prevalent uncertainties and challenges, validates our strategy, its execution and 
commitment of our leadership and team at large.  
CRISIL has progressed in creating elevated impact for all our stakeholders. We 
continue to empower our clients with actionable insights to enable effective decisions 
to our cutting-edge ratings, analytics, benchmarks, research and resolutions. We've 
made significant strides in building a future-ready organization by nurturing and 
enabling our diverse talent pool. This, coupled with our continued investments in digital 
infrastructure and emerging technologies, provides us with an ideal platform to deliver 
growth in the future as well. We are committed to building a future-ready, agile, inclusive 
and vibrant CRISIL.  
I would like to introduce to you the panellists present at the call today. Mr. Amish Mehta, 
Managing Director and CEO, CRISIL Limited. Sanjay Chakrarvarti, President and CFO, 
CRISIL Limited. Gurpreet Chhatwal, Managing Director, CRISIL Ratings Limited. Andre 
Cronje, President and Head of International Business, CRISIL Limited and Ashish Vora, 

 
Page 3 of 30 
President and Business Head, CRISIL Market Intelligence and Analytics. We're also 
joined by our management team to answer any questions that you may have towards 
the end of the call.  
Let me hand over to Amish to start the presentation. The presentation was uploaded 
on our website and the exchanges. You can refer to that as a part of the discussion 
today and we will be taking the Q&A post our presentation. Over to you, Amish.  
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you, Priti. Hi. Good evening everyone, and a very warm welcome to each one of 
you. I am pleased to share that during 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, CRISIL 
continues to demonstrate resilience and a steadfast commitment to elevating impact for 
all its stakeholders amid macro and global market uncertainties.  
I'm going to start from slide four, giving a little bit of overview on CRISIL. So CRISIL is 
a leading, agile and innovative global analytics company, driven by its mission of 
making markets function better. We provide ratings, benchmark, analytics and solutions 
to enable our clients to make decisions with conviction. Last year, we consolidated our 
offerings under the CRISIL Market Intelligence & Analytics umbrella in a bid to leverage 
our diverse capabilities and present a unified offering to our clients.  
Our reporting is now under two segments, one, rating services, which includes CRISIL 
Ratings and the GAC, which is our Global Analytical Center. And the second one is 
under research, analytics, and solutions segment, which includes our global 
businesses, global research and risk solutions and global benchmarking analytics and 
market intelligence analytics.  
If I look at slide five, the CRISIL family is now 4,700 strong in terms of employees. Our 
employees today comprise 40-plus nationalities and operate across 12 countries, 
elevating representation through diversity, equity and inclusion. And I'm pleased to 
report that women account for approximately 39% of our workforce today. We remain 
committed to building an enabling environment driven by a shared sense of purpose, 
encouraging all employees to create an impact to meaningful work and making a 
difference.  
Our focused work has led us to multiple recognitions in various forums. Some of them 
are listed on the slide, a great place to work third year in a row, recognized among 100 
best companies for women in 2022 for the seventh consecutive year, a testimony to our 
innovation in the Global Risk Tech 100 Award for Model Validation category, and our 
good work in CRISIL Foundation has won us the National CSR Award 2020 in the 
category of Corporate Awards for Excellence in CSR, which was announced in 2022. 
This is our second win at the award; the first one was in 2018 for CSR in challenging 
circumstances northeast.  
If I move on to slide seven, let me just talk about our perspective on the Indian and the 
global economy outlook. Last year, as the pandemic abated, the world witnessed 
significant geopolitical events that led to a very high inflation. What followed was 

 
Page 4 of 30 
coordinated efforts by globally important central banks to raise their policy rates at an 
unprecedented pace. 
We expect this impact of high interest rates to play out in 2023, and growth forecasts 
for major advanced economies for 2023 have been revised downwards. The IMF 
expects global GDP growth to slow to 2.7% for calendar year 2023 from 3.4% in 2022. 
CRISIL expects Indian GDP to grow at 6% in fiscal 24 with risk tilted to the downside, 
compared to 7% in fiscal 2023. The slowing global growth is leading to reduced demand 
for India's exports, while the lagged impact of RBI's interest rate hikes are expected to 
manifest to slowing demand in the coming months.  
If I move to slide eight, we believe the following will be the key trends in 2023, which 
are likely to shape the market. On the global front, the recent merger acquisition of a 
large global bank and the collapse of some regional banks in the US, will keep the 
uncertainty quotient in the global financial institutions high.  
Global banking clients continue to focus on operational efficiency and spend related to 
regulatory requirements, sustainability and business transformation. We see financial 
institutions sharpening focus on non-traditional risks, such as cyber risk, climate risk 
and operations risk emerging from business transformation.  
Further, the movement of capital to passive, alternative and private markets is opening 
up new avenues for data, analytics, and research. We continue to see significant spend 
by financial institutions in digital transformation as firms look to leverage the use of 
technological solutions towards optimizing spend and dealing with cost pressures. 
There has been an increasing focus on sustainability decision-making for corporates, 
lenders, investors, and policymakers, specifically towards energy transition, adopting to 
evolving global standards and operationalizing net zero investments.  
Coming closer home to the domestic environment, healthy corporate balance sheets, a 
robust banking system, and the trust of the government on capex will be supportive of 
the domestic activity.  
Let me move to slide 10 and cover a little bit on the performance of the organization. 
So, we saw growth across our businesses amid macro and global market uncertainties, 
thanks to our differentiated positioning, global talent pool and portfolio of affiliate 
services. We delivered double-digit revenue growth and robust margins, and you will 
hear more about this from Sanjay in the next few slides.  
Sharp movement in the dollar versus the rupee and the pound contributed to profitability 
in the year ended December 31, 2022, which also includes INR30.1 crores from 
revaluation of a subsidiary loan. The rating services segment growth was supported by 
higher corporate bond issuances and bank credit growth, while the research analytics 
and solution segments by risk solutions, benchmarking, sustainability, and 
infrastructure consulting. 

 
Page 5 of 30 
We recently completed the acquisition of 100% stake in Peter Lee Associates, an 
Australian research and consulting firm. This acquisition will accelerate our strategy in 
the Asia-Pacific region to be the foremost player in the growing market of benchmarking 
analytics across the financial services globe. We continue to make significant 
investment in our talent and technology, since they are the foundation for growth. This 
will continue to drive visibility and impact in global markets with references across 50 
plus global publications and we have been recognized as an iconic brand at the fifth 
edition of the Times Iconic Brand Conclave 2022, as one of the few that redefined the 
benchmark in their respective fields in India and the global markets.  
This year in 2023, we celebrate the 10th anniversary of our CRISIL Foundation and 
over the past decade, our foundation has contributed enormously to the cause of 
sustainability and made a visible impact to the lives of communities and the environment 
through many initiatives.  
I'm looking at slide 11. So CRISIL has continued to demonstrate steadfast commitment 
to elevating impact for all its customers. This sharp focus on customer centricity bore 
fruit with enhanced client engagement across businesses. CRISIL has maintained its 
market leading position in corporate ratings driven by investor preference for best-in-
class ratings, which generated new insights for commercial and investment banking 
clients with combined data sets from Coalition and Greenwich.  
Our wallet share has grown across key clients in global CIBs and asset managers and 
also among domestic financial institutions. We strengthened our credit monitoring 
practices for global banks by benchmarking and streamlining processes.  
Move to slide 12. Talking about technology and talent, CRISIL continues to invest in 
digital and cloud capabilities and in information security to enhance the experience of 
clients and employees. We ramped up our digital and foundational technology 
infrastructure. Our agile approach for all technology initiatives ensured many successful 
product launches such as the QSquare and Phoenix and rollout of upgrades to Fulcrum, 
Quantix and Alphatrax. Some of these are our platforms and offerings to our clients in 
different markets.  
Our global talent pool is our IP and helps us deliver stakeholder value. We continue to 
make investments in our talent pool through upskilling, developing leadership pipeline, 
keeping pace with market practices and being future ready. We continue to drive 
engagement in a shared sense of purpose.  
With this overview and looking at the opportunity, I'm going to request Sanjay to talk 
through the financial performance in detail. Over to you, Sanjay.  
Sanjay Chakrarvarti: 
Thank you, Amish. I move on to slide number 14, which gives the performance for the 
year ’22 and for the first quarter of 2023. I will start with the annual performance of 2022, 
which is the set of graphs which is in the middle of the slide. 2022, as Amish pointed 

 
Page 6 of 30 
out, was a strong and a robust year for us. We saw growth across all our businesses 
and in both the segments that we report.  
This, again, the year saw very good flow through from that growth of revenue. Hence, 
we see profits and margins have also shown healthy growth, driven by the expansion 
and the growth that we've seen in revenue across all our businesses.  
Now, the one point that we do need to keep in mind when we look at the performance 
of ’22 as compared to ’21, the US dollar sharply appreciated against the Rupee in 
almost the whole of 2022. And given that 65% of our business is export business, 
overseas business in which our billing is in dollars, this kind of depreciating rupee 
supported profitability in the year in addition to INR30 crores, which came from a 
revaluation of a dollar loan given to a subsidy.  
I will now move on to the first quarter performance of 2023. Again, exiting out of 2022, 
Q1, 23 also saw continued robust growth across all our businesses and both our 
segments in the rating segment. CRISIL ratings saw performance being strong in both 
bank loan ratings and in bond ratings.  
In our risk analytics and solution segment, our global businesses grew strongly across 
research, risk solutions and benchmarking, while the market intelligence and analytics 
business saw momentum in sustainability, research and consulting offerings. Again, 
this healthy growth in revenue allowed good growth in the profits of Q1 and 23, as you 
can see, a 14% growth in profit before tax and a 20% growth in profit after tax. 
Now, here again, I would want to point out the impact of foreign exchange. Unlike 2022, 
the rupee and the GBP actually appreciated against the dollar and had an adverse 
impact on the year's results. Hence, the movement of FX in 2022 and when I look at 
Q1, 2023 have actually been counter-directional. 
This FX impact, I would like to remind everyone who's joined, is almost entirely sitting 
in our research analytics and solutions business, which is where our global business 
sits. And when we go through the performance and the numbers of this particular 
segment, I would urge everyone to keep that perspective in mind when we look at the 
research analytics and solutions segment performance, further down in the 
presentation that we have. 
That really was a synopsis of the performance of 2022 and the performance in the first 
quarter of 2023. We will be taking questions once the Q&A session is open. I will now 
hand over the presentation to Mr. Gurpreet Chhatwal, Managing Director of CRISIL 
Ratings Limited. Gurpreet? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thank you, Sanjay. And good evening, everyone. I'll take you through the segmental 
performance of Ratings for Q1, 2023, as well as for calendar year 2022. I'm on slide 16, 
and I will speak about the two main drivers of the revenue pools for the Ratings 
businesses or Rating agencies in India, which is the corporate bond market as well as 
the bank credit growth. 

 
Page 7 of 30 
We witnessed a strong growth in the corporate bond market in Q1, 2023 of over 40%. 
Though it was on a lower base of last year, the corporate bond market displayed signs 
of recovery from Q4, 2022 onwards. After many quarters of either muted growth or 
degrowth, the interest rate environment has now become relatively stable in favor of 
the corporate bond market with interest rates on bank loans having increased now. 
In 2022, we saw an increase in the number of issuers tapping the bond market after, I 
mean, the fact that these issuers stagnated for over the last previous four years. We 
can also see that the credit growth of the banking sector inched up quite well in 2022, 
though it moderates somewhat on a higher base in Q1, 2023. The segments of bank 
credit that is of relevance to us and grew well in both these periods, are the services 
space that includes NBFCs, infrastructure and mid-corporates. Even large corporate 
borrowing has inched up during this period. CRISIL Rating estimates that the growth 
rate for bank credit and NBFC sector to be 14% to 15% and 13% to 14% respectively 
in FY 2024. 
Now, let's move to the next slide, which is slide 17, and I'll speak through CRISIL 
Ratings' superior analytical rigor. We have consistently displayed one of the best default 
rates and stability rates in the domestic credit rating agency space. This slide shows 
the one-year investment grade default rate averaged over the last 10 years for CRISIL 
Ratings, as well as some of the other credit rating agencies. This is a part of the rating 
agency's regular disclosures as mandated by SEBI. 
We believe that this is one of the very important parameters that lenders, bankers and 
investors look very closely at when they evaluate a Rating agency's performance, as 
well as determine the Rating agency of their choice. Everything else remaining the 
same, the lower and more consistent the default rates of a CRA, the better is the risk-
adjusted return for an investor. We believe that our consistent performance stands us 
in good stead with investors in the lending community. 
Now, let me move on to slide 18. You can see the segmented performance for FY ‘22, 
as well as for first quarter ‘23. The domestic rating revenues benefited from increased 
borrowing by large corporates, as well as mid-corporates in ‘22. And the mix was more 
favorable towards bank borrowings in 2022. However, in Q1 ‘23, we saw bond market 
borrowings improve as well. 
In addition, we saw a few corporates took ratings in anticipation of rate hikes. We 
continued our focus on client engagement initiatives and centered our leading position 
in share of voice in the Indian media amongst the CRAs for our thought leadership, 
publications, and webinars. Global Analytical Center saw robust surveillance work 
delegation from S&P Global Rating Services. Overall, the ratings segment grew by 
16.1%, one year in the quarter. 
I'll now pass on to my colleague, Ashish Vohra, who heads the Domestic Research 
business. 

 
Page 8 of 30 
Ashish Vora: 
Thanks, Gurpreet. I'm really going to cover the segment performance for research 
analytics and solutions as part of this module, along with Andre.  I'm on slide 20, I'll start 
off with a quick introduction of the market intelligence and analytics business and some 
of its key drivers. The market intelligence and analytics segment houses, like Gurpreet 
said, the India-focused non-ratings business of CRISIL. Under this umbrella, we offer 
financial and non-financial data, research insights, analytics, risk solutions, platforms 
and consulting solutions in areas related to planning, strategy, implementation and risk 
management. 
We create value for our clients by bringing together unique data sets and deep domain 
expertise to help them craft growth strategies and for managing risk. We work with the 
government, with regulators, multilateral institutions, lenders, asset managers, and 
corporates. Our offerings span a large swath of the Indian economy. Our 
macroeconomic research offers forecasts and insights on economic growth, interest 
rates, currency, inflation and commodity prices. 
Our fixed income research supports investors and asset managers in markets through 
unique data, valuation and asset class-based research insights. Equally, lenders get 
access to financial and non-financial data, scorecards, risk assessment models that 
enable credit origination and risk management. And the macroeconomic services to 
investors and lenders is augmented by robust sector research which spans 70 
subsectors, covering more than 95% of India's economy by trade revenues and market 
value. 
This strong data research and risk infrastructure forms the backbone of offerings for 
MI&A around platforms, analytics, and consulting services. A CRISIL-integrated credit 
platform for financial institutions, for instance, provides data, scorecards, risk models 
for enabling loan origination and risk management through early warning indicators. 
Similarly, consulting services on roads, ports, and airports rely on CRISIL's commodity, 
trade data, and district-wise economic activity to generate industry lending estimates 
on traffic that underpin commercial due diligence. 
While economic growth is the main driver, healthy loan growth, financialization on 
savings, and capital formation are more proximate growth drivers for the MI&A 
business. The past four to five years, asset quality challenges resulting in higher gross 
non-performing assets referred to from corrective action framework in a number of 
cases and limited capital buffers have constrained capital growth, particularly for public 
sector banks. Now with a significant cleanup and strengthening of balance sheets and 
low credit losses, as you can see on the charts, are now enabling banks to plan 
strategies to gain or protect market share, lend more to infrastructure, farmers, SME, 
and for household asset creation. 
Banks are looking at digitizing and automation as a way to address these issues, 
leading to demand for CRISIL's integrated credit platforms that connect data, create 
data marts and automate the entire credit lifecycle. Similarly, financialization of savings 
and steady increase in assets under management have been accompanied by an 

 
Page 9 of 30 
increased demand for innovative products by investors. This combination has led to 
demand for indexing products, need for research insights that deliver alpha for reaching 
customers  through a digital interface. This has sparked demand for our services around 
indices, valuations, benchmarking, risk management offered to be delivered via digital 
platform. 
Moving on to slide 21, capital formation is another proximate growth driver for the 
business. We anticipate both infrastructure-linked capex primarily driven by government 
and industrial capex principally driven by the private sector to increase. Substantial 
increase in budgetary outlay for capex at both the central and the state level is poised 
to take infrastructure activity to a higher level. Similarly, PLI-linked activity is poised to 
sharply increase industrial capex in the next three to four years. 
The government, multilateral institutions and the corporate sector are looking to finalize 
implementation roadmaps, perform due diligence, conclude financial closures to hasten 
creation of assets. CRISIL with its near three-decade experience in infrastructure 
consulting is one of the leading partners for stakeholders in this space. CRISIL is also 
leveraging its expertise in the rapidly evolving India infrastructure experience to other 
developed nations in Asia and Africa. 
I'm going to pass this on now to Andre to cover the global business. 
Andre Cronje: 
Thank you, Ashish. On slide 22 of this presentation, I'm going to be talking about two 
businesses that I'm responsible for, which forms collectively the international business, 
which is Global Benchmarking and Analytics and Global Research and Risk Solutions, 
GR&RS. On slide 22, we've got two graphs. The one focuses on the revenue pool for 
CIBs and the other one on the returns on equity. 
As far as the revenue pools are concerned, the revenue of the global CIEs versus CIBs 
that we cover has been slightly reduced in 2022, principally as a reduction in marketing 
activities, markets activities, and the IBD, M&A activity. However, that has been 
contradicted or supported by growth in lending revenue, which has been driven by 
increased margins and obviously the requirement for more debt capital to be made 
available. 
On the return on equity side, balance sheet optimization and the growth of the capital 
base of big banks continues to be a focus. Three things principally feed into this. This 
is, there's a drive towards simplification to drive cost out of the business, cost reduction 
programs continue and then ultimately a big focus on the optimization, RWA reduction, 
which drives an improvement in ROE. That has continued. Overall, the return on equity 
is slightly reduced. However, the balance sheets of the big banks are in good health, 
as we would have seen through the pandemic, as well as the disruption in the last, most 
recent quarter. 
If I move on to slide 23, opportunities in an evolving global market. In a way, the 
business that we are responsible for, both on the benchmarking side, as well as in risk 

 
Page 10 of 30 
solutions, thrive in an environment which is somewhat uncertain and turbulent. So in 
the current environment where there's a high focus on regulatory scrutiny, many more 
regulations coming, infrastructure spend growing, sustainability, which are a huge 
theme and obviously digitization, which as I said feeds into the efficiency of these banks. 
We are very active in all of these. So thematically, it really fits into what we do. 
The benchmarking business provides the insights. The services business that we offer 
through GR&RS provides solutions that help solve some of the problems that we 
identify through the insights that we do. Then if I move on to slide 24, just in terms of 
the financial performance of the business. For the year, as Sanjay has indicated in his 
introductory comments, we've had strong revenue growth in the international business, 
23.2% revenue growth. That has been continued in the last quarter. 
As I said, there's no drop-off in demand for the services that we offer. So we expect in 
the current environment with the uncertainty that prevails, that our services will be 
sought after and will continue throughout the year. 
I'll now hand over to Sanjay, who's going to deal with the risks for the business. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Thank you, Andre. What we've listed on slide number 30 of this presentation are really 
the overall risks that we see, which are a part of the business and the environment in 
which we conduct our businesses. Some of the key risks that I would want to point out, 
starting with currency movement. I spoke about how currency movement was counter-
directional in the two reporting periods that are in this deck. Given that 65% of our 
business is on foreign currency, this is a key risk for us. 
Second is cybersecurity risk. That is a risk that is omnipresent in today's time. And 
finally, people cost inflation. Ours is a people business. Our main IP is people. So that 
is also a key risk that I think we need to keep our minds open for. With that, that ends 
our deck that we had uploaded. We've also given you a commentary on the businesses 
and the performance. I am now requesting Neerav to open the call for questions-and-
answers. As Priti mentioned, the management team is available. So please go ahead 
and ask questions based on the performance. Neerav, you can open the lines. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So I had a few questions on the domestic rating side of 
the business. The first one was on the bond market. We've seen very strong growth in 
this quarter. Can you help us understand, what is our sense in terms of sustainability of 
the volumes going ahead in this financial year and beyond? And because the regulators 
have been talking about deepening the bond market, are we seeing any signs of 
structural improvement on the ground? 
Then the second question was on the ESG rating. Recently, SEBI Chairman had talked 
about ESG rating and that it has to be mandatorily done by the rating agencies 

 
Page 11 of 30 
registered with SEBI. So if you can throw some light on how big the opportunity can be 
there and what is our right to win in the ESG side of the business? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Okay, these are two questions, right? 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Yes. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Okay, so on the bond market, I think two or three things which I talk about. I think the 
first is it's a strong growth in Q1, but you have to also take into fact that it was a market 
which was stagnating for about 18-odd months. And so this growth is on a lower base 
of last year Q1. But having said that, I think bond markets are sensitive to interest rates 
in the sense that the alternate to borrowing through the bonds is bank loans. 
So in a rising interest rate scenario, we typically see that the market typically shifts 
towards the bank borrowings because they are relatively cheaper and the bond markets 
factor in the interest rate hikes much faster than the banks. Conversely, when the 
interest rates start going down or are stable, bond markets typically tend to offer a more 
competitive position vis-a-vis bank loans in certain rating segments, which is the high 
rating segments. 
So we are now in a situation of, I mean, the interest rates have stabilized with RBI 
deciding not to increase interest rates. So we are in that situation. So at this juncture, I 
think they're both evenly poised. So we are seeing people who want to raise money 
through bonds are now preferring bonds and not going to the alternate, which is bank 
loans. And also as we see rest of the year after, at some point in time, we'll start seeing 
the interest rates go down. I think that usually is much beneficial for the bond market. 
So I think that's where we are. 
Structurally, if you were to see the borrowing needs of the Indian corporates are going 
to be satisfied from these two segments. And we, as an economy, we put out our growth 
numbers. I think we are looking at a little bit of slowdown in FY '24, which is about 6% 
from 7% previous year. And going forward for the next three to four years, we're looking 
at about 6.8%. So our sense is that the borrowing markets are going to be strong. I 
mean, we've translated this into a bank credit estimate, which our banking sector team 
has put out about 15-odd percent and they anticipated that to continue. 
So our sense is that there will be tailwinds to the bond market. Bond markets are usually 
more accessible for higher rated corporates. The other aspect which we believe, which 
will also be favorable for the higher rated corporates are, they are delivered significantly 
over the last few years. So it's a right time for them to start investing. I mean, I'm not 
predicting the investment as such, but I think that when they start investing, they usually 
prefer the bond side and that's what really benefits that. And that we are, largely our 
research team has said that basically the second half of FY '24, we'll start seeing more 
investments. So I think that's largely where we are. So, I mean, on the ESG rating, 
Amish, if you want to take quickly on that. 

 
Page 12 of 30 
Amish Mehta: 
So maybe I can start, because I think the ESG ratings, so we are likely to see an 
opportunity clearly for our ratings business. We are waiting for finer details to come out, 
to understand how we will be able to shape the opportunity. Clearly the opportunity, and 
as you know, ESG is evolving globally and in India. As CRISIL, we have already 
launched our scores for 580-plus companies. Globally, there is demand for ESG 
evaluation, ESG ratings, third party opinions, on various aspects related to sustainability 
and ESG. And I think we would expect the market in India to evolve, to provide that 
larger opportunity for CRISIL and our ratings business. 
But we are waiting for the finer details to see how we can shape that opportunity. Clearly 
the market will evolve over the next couple of years. Also the regulatory landscape will 
evolve. I mean, as you know, ESG is something which every regulator across the world 
is looking at, with greenwashing and I think trying to understand. India has taken the 
lead from a BRSR perspective disclosures. So I think there's lots happening in this 
space. We expect disclosures to improve. We expect investors, corporate stakeholders, 
regulators, and governments to start looking at ESG in a much broader sense, and that 
should open up many opportunities for our business, including rating systems. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, and in terms of, so as you said, regulatory is yet to come out with the final details. 
So the pricing and how one can price the product, all those details are still awaited? 
Amish Mehta: 
 
That's right. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, and if you look at the bank loan side, of course we've said that there's been some 
softness there because the bonds have been doing well. But generally, how has been 
the competitive intensity? Because till last year with the market, during the COVID and 
even prior to that, with the market being so competitive, there was very high pressure 
on the pricing for the BLR segment. Any kinds of improvement there, even with one 
player about to exit the industry, if you can provide some color on that? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
So let me answer it in not exactly the form or shape you asked. We are a six or seven 
rating agency market. It is bound to be competitive. It remains competitive. So I think to 
that extent, we continue to see that pressure. The other side is that we've seen the 
banks going through a pretty tough time during 2014- 2018 with large NPAs. I think 
what we've seen with some and many of the larger banks becoming very discerning 
when they look at a rating agency or when they look at large exposures. 
So I think for rating agencies, which have good, I would say, default statistics and who 
have a consistent performance, I think there is, we've seen both private and public 
sector banks having an opinion which rating agency or which view they would like to 
look at. So I think that we've seen helping us over the last few years. But the market 
remains competitive in that sense. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, I get it. The last one, if I can squeeze in, is on the securitization. Like again, we've 
seen strong volume growth for the industry in securitization. If you can share some 
thoughts on the sustainability of those volumes. And again, this is a dual rating market. 

 
Page 13 of 30 
The pricing, do we see competitive pricing, the securitization also, or it is fairly better 
market compared to say a BLR and bond? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
So I think securitization market also has kind of evolved over the period of time. So yes, 
the volumes are FY '23. I think we did a press release a couple of days back. This is 
the second highest volumes we've seen. I mean, it was a phenomenal year. Most of 
that, a good portion of that came in the last quarter. 
But let me, on the pricing part, I think securitization is possibly one of the most 
competitive segments in the whole space. It is for two reasons. I think while the volumes 
are not large, I mean, while there is a PPC segment, which is what is the marketable 
listed, where you will put it out and will get surveyed, that's roughly about 40%. The 
60% is the direct assignment, where the banks directly take it, and that's not public. It 
is, you do rate it from loss estimates, and that's a private report. 
Because of the unique nature and the investors being just banks, and it is not a widely 
dispersed, it has over a few years become possibly one of the most competitive markets 
from competition and from a pricing perspective. So I mean, that's where it is. But to go 
forward from a growth perspective, we continue, we believe, I think NBFC are back in 
shape growing. So they need, and it's a wholesale market for them, largely, for many 
of them, from a borrowing perspective. They will continue to use diverse sources. It's 
not going to be bank loans, it's not going to be bonds. Only, it is going to be 
securitization, it is going to be co-lending. 
It is, if they get an opportunity, they'll probably borrow from the ECB market when that 
becomes lucrative. But they will practice a diversified strategy rather than just looking 
at one. So securitization will remain a key source for borrowing from, for the non-banks, 
for sure. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
 
Sure, thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue. All the very best. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities, please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes, hi, good evening all. Thank you for taking my question. So on the margins of risk, 
research analytical and solution segment. So while Sanjay sir alluded to the fact that 
you have to attribute the forex loss to this particular segment. So if I were to adjust for 
the INR6 - INR7 crores forex loss in for this segment's profits and add it back, then the 
margins are stable on non-sequential basis and even slightly stable on Y-on-Y basis. 
Would that be the right way to look at it? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
That is right, Rajiv. There is about 10 to 20 basis point expansion on a a Y-o-Y basis 
for both 2022 and Q1 2023,  

 
Page 14 of 30 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. So still the question remains is that while we have been growing at 20-odd 
percent in this segment for multiple quarters, if the Y-on-Y margins are flat, what is not 
allowing any margin expansion to come through? I mean, is there typically a scope of 
operating leverage in the business because if you are growing at 20% consistently, 
ideally there should have been some room for expanding margins on Y-on-Y basis? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
So the way we need to see this, Rajiv, is and we had mentioned this last year also. Yes, 
you're right. There's robust growth. We will not grow any business or not pursue growth 
at the cost of margins. Hence, you are seeing the margin expansion that you have even 
after adjusting for the FX. 
Now, one part is as an export business, FX will play a part. But even if you adjust for 
FX, one has to keep in mind that our investment program into two of our biggest pillars, 
whether in this business or in the other businesses , are people and technology. We did 
mention that we will be investing in people and technology across two to three years. 
This is the investment period where we are seeing the investments going into the 
business. Hence, the flow through to that extent is, I would say, limited. But even as the 
investment starts turning around and starts delivering results, we will see faster and 
enhanced expansion of margins. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. So how should we look at incremental revenue growth determining margins from 
year on? Is it a step function which will play out that we've invested in people last year? 
Because I can see there's a significant employee addition for the company last year, 
and the cost has come in. And now that incremental growth will lift margins, how should 
we see this? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
The growth will come on revenue. There are opportunities and the market is very large 
for this business. And even as flow through improves, you will see the flow through will 
improve with the investments kicking in, with the results, I think the margins would also 
expand. I will not be able to give you a mathematical number. As you know, we don't 
give future guidance, but even as the flow through keeps increasing with the 
investments delivering on the results, you will find that the flow through will keep 
increasing and the expansion in margins will be higher. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
 
Okay. So one question is, in the light of this increased fragility of global financial system, 
are we somewhat noticing any adverse change in the traction of, say, new client 
addition, new deal wins, deal renewal cycles getting slightly elongated or longer deal 
sizes getting smaller in the global businesses? Any signals on that?  
Andre Cronje: 
It's Andre Cronje speaking, not really. I think the type of services we offer, and as I 
explained when we did the presentation, are non-voluntary spend to a certain extent for 
the organizations we deal with. So, in that context, the demand is probably higher than 
what it was. I think there is certainly a harder decision cycle with regards to whether 
they can spend the money, because clearly most of the organizations we deal with are 

 
Page 15 of 30 
now very cost conscious. So that's a change we see, it's more the decision making, but 
the demand and the type of services we offer is certainly on high demand.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay, so my next question is on the rating segment profit growth or margins. So, while 
we have seen significant pickup in domestic ratings segment revenue growth, again the 
margins, when I look at the segmental level, reported margins, they've been moving in 
the same band. This, I believe, is a slightly more operating leverage business than 
global business. So, if you can provide an answer why the margins are not improving 
here despite significantly strong revenue traction, in the context of how the revenue mix 
is moving in terms of initial rating fee and surveillance fees. And how the revenue mix 
is moving in terms of the share of bond ratings and bank loan ratings. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
We don't give a breakout of that margin. Rajiv. I think the way, again, we need to look 
at it is there's significant as Gurpreet also mentioned, there's significant competition out 
there in this particular business. And we need to invest in talent and people as far as 
this business is concerned, because the IP in this business is our people. And every 
time we lose good talent, it's like losing cash from the main door. So, we've continued 
to invest in people and I think we'll have to look at it over a traction period of a full cycle, 
which is a 12-month period, to be able to see the kind of growth we are looking at. And 
if you look at the last 12-month period, which is a period in which the contraction did 
happen, but again, like I said, we have invested in our people, we have retained talent 
and very key talent in that business. And even as that investment period comes through, 
we will start seeing growth in margins. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
As far as I think the second trend, which I think we should also talk about is the fact that 
the regulations have or regulatory intensity has been or I mean, it's been quite intense, 
let me put it this way. So, what it does is that to be ahead of that, and you can see some 
of the circulars which have come over the last four years, does require a good amount 
of operational cadence to be fair to it, which essentially means you will have to invest 
both in technology and people to be able to do it. It isn't only a simple people's game. 
So, we have been investing in both of that. 
I think that's one of, it is going to be an important parameter as we go down in terms of 
competitive intensity. But please note that it's not only people, it is the investments in 
technology and regulatory compliance. I think that also is something which is keeping 
pace. And basically, we haven't seen any drop because of that. So, all of that's been 
absorbed with the same margins. And I would request you to see the margins from the 
2014 to now. I think it's a significant change. So, I am adding, I would look at it, I think 
you have to look at it in the full perspective.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sure, just last thing I wanted to check upon is whether in the domestic rating business 
would we have significantly higher delta to bond market revival versus say a bank loan 
rating activity. Because as I see that the bond market reviving in this quarter and our 
growth rates have significantly picked up in Q1 of the current calendar year. Is it a 
function of our more stronger market position in the bond market ratings? Would that 
be the right way to correlate in the future as well? 

 
Page 16 of 30 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
So just help me with the question. I'm not able to fully get the question you're asking 
which will grow faster or you are trying to… 
Rajiv Mehta: 
No, our sensitivity to what grows faster in terms of our growth. So, would the bond 
market issuances being cannibalizing bank loan market will be better for us or would it 
be the other way around?  
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
The bond market pays you better, the fees are far better than the bond market. That is 
a well-known fact. But to be fair to it, I think bond markets are smaller. So, let's also 
take that the bank loan market for large corporate is also larger. So, if the bond market 
grows and I mean like to like and assuming that's what you're asking, if INR100 comes 
from bond or INR50 comes from bond, INR50 from bank and it becomes INR60-INR40, 
yes, it is beneficial but you'll also have to see the growth on an overall basis. So, broadly 
our sense is that it's an even split I mean, it moves here and there so it's difficult to put 
that number up. But yes, bond pays you, bond is more, I would say value accretive than 
bank.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes. So, I think the precise question is whether CRISIL's market position in bond 
issuance rating is much better than bank loan ratings and your market share.  
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Okay, so let me put it differently. We have, as a ratings business I can give you at least 
eight or nine ways to calculate market share. And sometimes we also get a little bit 
confused about it. But you have to understand two things. In the bond market share, 
while our market shares are very strong, but bond market is a multiple issuer market. 
So, you could have an issue with four rating agencies and the denominator for that it 
could be as high as 180%, 190%. Bank loan market on the other side is a single issuer 
or best case in some of the largest, two issuer and that also is different. So, it isn't right 
to compare market shares and the multiplication to revenue. That's a simple point. So, 
it may not be that easy but yes, I would say that our market position, both these markets 
are strong.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay, thank you so much for answering all my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Balaji from IFL Securities. Please go ahead.  
Balaji: 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good set of numbers. So, my first 
question is on this particular line that is there on slide 24 which talks about increased 
regulatory oversight and cost pressures across financial services clients. So, how 
should one look at this? Is it positive or negative? Because one way to look at it is that 
your GR&RS business will probably benefit because of this, while on the other hand 
GBA which is more linked to discretionary spending might see some pressure. So that 
is question number one. And the second question would be more following up on the 
discussion which we had just now on bonds being more value additive. 
So, in light of the recent regulatory changes in the budget where the taxation has 
changed for debt mutual funds, would you kind of, do you think that at the industry level 
there could be some bit of credit requirements being met incrementally more through 

 
Page 17 of 30 
banks versus bonds? So, in a way do you see this as a negative development for the 
industry?  
Andre Cronje: 
I'll just deal with the first question with regards to the current environment and the impact 
it has on our benchmarking business and our services business. So, firstly, as far as 
the benchmarking is concerned, on the contrary, yes, you're right, it is probably 
discretionary spent. But the type of insights we provide and the clients we have, are so 
dependent on these insights. And I'm not just saying this because it sounds the right 
thing to say. We haven't seen a drop off at all for the type of insight that we provide. In 
fact, there's probably more requirement for what we have. So really no impact frankly. 
And then obviously for our services business, the current environment is really 
conducive to getting, doing more work and increased demand.  
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Yes. So, your question on the taxation of debt mutual fund I'll try to answer to my best 
ability. I'm sure we have listed mutual funds. They would be able to give you a much 
better flavour on how they see the moment between bank and mutual funds. But see 
mutual funds from a corporate bond market? I think possibly, and I don't have the exact 
number, but my estimate is that it's about one fifth or less than one fifth of the 
outstanding corporate debt. At least them as investors. It really depends on how the 
flows to debt mutual funds are impacted. Because of this, so when you are in a declining 
interested scenario, the mutual funds possibly will show better return. 
So, some of this may get masked in that perspective. Also see a lot of debt mutual funds 
aren't only individual investors, they're corporate investors. To a large portion of 
corporate investors, I don't have the numbers. They are not really bothered about the 
three year and usually they will look for what the returns are and do that. So how much 
are the individual investors in that proportion? I'm not 100% sure. At least our broader 
estimate is it may impact in the short run a little bit, but in the longer run it shouldn't 
have any large impact, but that's at least our internal house view.  
Balaji: 
Thank you. And I had just one quick follow-up. So, one can see that your employee 
count has almost risen by 20% in the last twelve to 15 months. And that also reflects in 
some of the increase in the employee cost that we have seen. So, in case if the overall 
demand conditions were to deteriorate a little bit, especially for the global business, as 
in what kind of leeway do we have in terms of kind of cutting the fixed costs?  
Anupam Kaura: 
I'll take that question. Thanks for that. This is Anupam Kaura. I look after the HR function 
for the company globally. The way we look at it, I think a lot of this is self-provided for 
by the kind of attrition that we've seen over the years. The normal natural attrition in 
that sense. So, this wouldn't be something that we would be unduly concerned about. I 
think it should be a reasonably manageable situation, the way we see it.  
Amish Mehta: 
I would only add to what Anupam is saying. I think the first fact is the environment. And 
as Andre and Gurpreet and Ashish spoke about the environment. And the opportunity 
for us, I think continues to be positive. And the demand for our services and I think we 
expect that to be the driver from our perspective. So, I see a scenario where our demand 

 
Page 18 of 30 
for our talent is likely to continue. And if there's any challenge, then of course attrition 
should take care of that. That is how we look at it.  
Balaji: 
Okay, thanks a lot Amish. This is quite helpful. All the best.  
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you.  
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav from Rare Enterprises. Please go ahead.  
Pranav: 
Hi, sir. Just about the employee cost, so, employee cost has a seasonality I understand 
that. So, this INR393 crores for this quarter, how should we think about this going 
forward? Like it is quite fluctuating, quarter-on-quarter so…  
Amish Mehta: 
Yes. I think the staff cost is a combination of headcount add, the incentives, the true up 
of bonuses based on the performance of the organization,. and the long-term incentive 
program. It's a combination of things that we work on. And also, it's reflective of in some 
cases the business growth that we would have in a particular quarter. So, I think each 
business has a different driver. So, let's say in the Global Research and Risk Solutions 
business, your headcount add will be dependent upon the business that you're adding, 
which might not be the case in other businesses. 
So hence it is very difficult to say that this is how the staff cost line is likely to move 
quarter-on-quarter. I think our general guidance is always to please look at those 
numbers at an annual level so that you don't see the fluctuations happening in each of 
those quarters. So, I would request you to look at the numbers at an annual level that 
will give you a much better perspective in comparison to the overall growth in the 
business and what's happening in the environment on the people cost side.  
Pranav: 
Right. Last year research and analytics had say, 24% margin in the same quarter. And 
like I'm calculating the segment is given by you. And this quarter is 21% roughly. So, 
the 300 basis points, how much of this is currency? How much of this is investment in 
future growth? And how is the future pipeline of growth looking in research and 
analytics? Can you just spend some time on that? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Pranav, the growth as far as margin expansion is concerned, if you strip out the FX, it's 
roughly around 10 to 20 basis points. Because in '22, FX was favorable, whilst in the 
first quarter, FX has been adverse for us. As far as the breakdown between the margin 
of the -- the breakdown of the investment and FX, I'm afraid we don't give that breakup. 
Going forward, I think both Andre and Amish did say that the opportunity in the business 
is very large. So we'll continue to pursue those opportunities. We believe the 
opportunities for top line growth will be quite large. We spoke about the opportunities. 
But I think we are very clear that even as we continue our investments, even as we 
continue revenue growth, we will do so along with expansion of margins. We will not 
pursue growth at the cost of margins, Pranav. 

 
Page 19 of 30 
Pranav: 
Right. In your PPT presentation that you have sent, you have mentioned that CIB 
revenues actually faced some challenge on an industry level because of capital market 
activity. So we have actually gained market share in like-to-like basis, right? Like I 
understand that there will be a seasonality, and then there will, Q4, it was INR645 
crores, and INR528 crores this quarter. So the challenge that has impacted the industry, 
how is that played in our numbers? 
Andre Cronje: 
I think we just tried to provide a broader thematic backdrop to the performance of the 
companies that we typically cover. As I said, the backdrop for banks globally, revenue 
pulls slightly down as a result of conflicting pressures on the business. Markets were 
somewhat down, lending and banking was growing. Against that backdrop, we've seen 
a slight reduction in the overall revenue growth. But as we've mentioned so many times 
now, we don't see that necessarily as an indication that our ability to grow the business, 
or for that matter, grow the revenue line is going to be diminished. 
Pranav: 
Right. So we should not draw any conclusion that there is a short-term trend of revenue 
going down, because this will again come up according to seasonality, is that right? 
Andre Cronje: 
 
No, not necessarily. 
Pranav: 
Just last question from my side. In this quarter, and on the base quarter last year, is 
there any inorganic growth that we are seeing, or everything is organic, right? Organic 
in the sense, whichever acquisitions were done before Q1 of last year? 
Andre Cronje: 
 
No, there is nothing inorganic. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Pranav, there is nothing inorganic. There is a very, very small element of the Peter Lee 
acquisition, but it is not material, because it's only been consolidated for 14 days. 
Pranav:  
 
Right. And what is the annual revenue for Peter Lee, if you have actually revealed that? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
We've put it out in the public domain, Pranav. 
Pranav:  
 
Perfect, sir. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurang Ved, from Ved Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurang Ved: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Hello, Team CRISIL. Congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. My question pertains on rating business. I understand we don't give any 
forward-looking guidance, but my question is more related to qualitative comments from 
your side. So if we look at a quantum of new bond issuance during the year, it is same 
at around 7,000 billion range from many years. And even if we see IBC resolution, 
timeline and recovery rate, there is no significant improvement even after six years of 
its implementation. So when do you see significant improvement in new bond issuance 
and bond markets? And do you see any significant change coming in IBC regulation 
going forward? Thank you. 

 
Page 20 of 30 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Okay, thanks. I'll try to answer it to the best of our ability. I think these are difficult 
questions. I think bond issuance, I think for the last, as I said, 18 months or so, has 
been hampered by the increasing interest rate. So we are now after many years getting 
into a declining interest rate scenario. So we are hoping that the bond markets will touch 
higher heights. I think the numbers for us, you're right, for a couple of years, have been 
stagnating at about 16% of GDP. So I think as we go down the road, we will see that. 
Obviously, we are also looking forward towards the corporate capex picking up. At some 
point in time, I think over the next 12 months or so, we will start seeing at least gradual 
signs and then later on, hopefully more intense activity on the corporate capex. And 
that typically supports some bond markets. 
The other change which we are hoping as we go down the road is the infra space. Infra 
space is usually, most of the time, had been a bank loan market. You would spend for 
that. And then you would have ups and downs, but largely linked to the bank loan 
market. Now with the InvITs coming in, REITs and InvITs coming in, and we are seeing 
more positivity in that. A lot of companies talking about it now and going forward in the 
future. Some of them are going to become larger. I think those will have another, what 
I say, aspect which will, and most of them will then come to the bond market. Because 
if you are an AAA rating InvIT, it does make sense for you to be in the bond market. 
We've seen some of the listed ones, the unlisted ones actually preferring the bond 
market with that. 
The third underlying is that we've also seen, I think the non-banks are one of the larger 
parts of, non-banks as well as the banks, I think also have an element which comes to 
the bond market that wasn't there in any significant force over the last three to four 
years because of the issues on both sides. I think both of them are now looking at the 
recent growth over the next three to four years. And I think we are looking forward, I 
mean, some cases projecting and some cases hoping that they will have larger portion 
in the bond market. 
So these three, four things, I think my sense is that we will go forward and whether that 
happened in six months or a year or more, but I think that positive tractions which are 
positive for the bond market in addition to what we already talked, declining interest 
rate, that's positive. So that's one aspect of it. All this 7 lakhs which we've seen over the 
last three, four years have been times when most of these trends were negative. That's 
one. 
The second is on the IBC. I think what we need to understand is the IBC resolution for 
assets and their vintage. So let me articulate it differently. IBC has been a regulation 
which has initially helped resolve some of the assets very quickly. And now what is left 
and some of those left is due is vintage assets. But what IBC or the regulation also 
doing is a lot of resolutions are happening outside the IBC, pre-IBC process, which is 
the banks are using the IBC as one of the tools to try to solve many of the things in a 
pre-IBC manner. So which means it doesn't go to the IBC, but it gets resolved. 

 
Page 21 of 30 
So our broader sense, and I don't have numbers, and I can, unfortunately I don't have 
it, but I think the resolution rates today for stress assets are far better than what they 
were in the past, but I don't have numbers on that. So that's my sense of this. Does that 
help? 
Gaurang Ved: 
 Yes, perfect. That was quite helpful. Thank you very much and wishing all the best. 
Thank you. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL, please 
go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So just one question regarding ESG rating. 
Moderator: 
 
Devansh, sorry to interrupt you, your voice is not coming clear. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Yes, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
 
Yes. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Yes, so is it, so SEBI just released a draft for ESG rating where they mentioned the 
scope. So based on that, I mean, can we have an assessment that an analyst, how 
much time does it require to do a bank rating or a bond issuance rating and how much 
time is required to do a ESG rating to understand how big is the scope of work or some 
parallels if you can, if we can draw? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
I think the draft paper, they finalized it. I think the final paper is going to come in. So 
maybe it's a good idea to look at that in terms of the overall market sense, but depending 
on what rating you do, I mean, they've also delineated whether it's an issuer paid model 
or an investor paid model. I think they are different in their approach and in the time it 
takes. So I mean, an investor model where you will actually put out 1,000 ratings without 
talking to the companies or I mean, using public disclosures and limited interactions, I 
think the time taken is far lesser. 
But it is a large database management and also a good amount of judgments you will 
have to use to populate data which you don't have based on the industry, company, 
economy and various aspects. But if you're an issuer paid model where you'll have to 
do meetings, etcetera, I think it shouldn't be very fundamentally different than what it 
takes to a rating for a new company on the bond market. Maybe, I mean, I don't wanted 
to hazard a guess, but it shouldn't be very different from that. But depends on which 
model you choose, what are you doing, how that factors in and finally, we still have to 
look at the final guidelines because if there are requirements, we will have to factor that, 
but that's where it is. 
But usually, please understand when you do rating, it is also a factor of your time you 
spent before to benchmark and put the criteria in place. I think that's a lot of work 

 
Page 22 of 30 
because it's an entirely new thing. You need to really think through it. There has to be 
a predictive element to that whole criteria. So that takes its own time. When we did bond 
rating or when we started adding new asset classes or new institutions, I think we also 
spent a lot of time, but that's a different perspective. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay. And with this change in the taxation that has happened for the debt markets, do 
we see that impacting bond issuances, any impact do we assess or any outlook if we 
have for the same? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Yes, I just answered. I'm not the expert, but I might, I mean, I keep it short. I don't see, 
so people have raised a lot of money on March 31, because of the taxation moving. So 
debt mutual funds ideally should have money for the next few months. We will have to 
see how the inflows to the debt funds happen, but just be aware of the fact debt funds 
are possibly one-fifth or less than one-fifth of the total bond market and a good and a 
decent portion. I don't have the numbers with me. Maybe mutual funds, they will tell you 
better. A good portion of that is done by corporate's investment in debt mutual funds. 
And that is not, I think that is agnostic to the taxation because they're usually short-term 
liquid assets. 
So my broader sense is that it may not have any significant long-term impact, though 
there could be short-term impact depending on how the flows happen during the second 
half of this year. But I think it's a better way to figure out from mutual funds, I mean, 
that's our assessment as of now. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Thank you, sir, for answering questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Trust Plutus Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Yes, hi, Sir. Congratulations on a wonderful set of numbers. Just looking at the margins 
and the margins we have in the rating business, it's 2x of what we have in research and 
analytics business. And the contribution from rating business is pretty less. So like, I 
mean, looking at such lucrative margins, why don't we focus on scaling up the rating 
business and also scale the research and analytics business when the margins come 
along? 
And secondly, how does cash collection cycle work in this business? And maybe, I 
guess that the information is not disclosed usually, but can you throw some sense on 
how the fee structure works over here? Thanks. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
So if you look at how the business has come about and how the initiation of the risk 
analytics and solutions business, Bhavin, see the whole idea for us was when we went 
into the research analytics and solutions business with our first acquisition, which was 
Irevna, the idea was to progressively de-risk our ratings business. Yes, the ratings 
business has higher margins,and  is smaller than the research analytics and solutions 
business. But the fact is that we are also able to create that moat around the ratings 
business and therefore de-risk the ratings business, which also allows us, remember, 

 
Page 23 of 30 
to protect the margins because of which we know that we can walk away from 
businesses that, which are either giving lower margins or where clients are not willing 
to accept the kind of ratings we give because our ratings are clearly driven by a certain 
process, by the strength of analytical rigor. That is one. 
The second part is I think it is also important to understand the size of the opportunity, 
even as bond markets will grow, which they haven't actually over the last 10 years to 
15 years, even as the bond markets in India grow, I think our ratings business will grow 
accordingly. So if you look at simply as a comparative and the environment in which the 
two segments are doing business, I think that also needs to be considered when you 
look at the growth focus in both these two segments. You had a question on cash cycle, 
right? 
Bhavin Pande:  
Yes, correct. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
So ratings is essentially a negative working capital business because we do collect 
initial rating fees upfront and then the remaining surveillance fees also comes in upfront. 
On the other hand, we do have debtor days in the research analytics and solutions 
business. But again, we are particularly focused on collections and keeping debtor days 
at the lowest level possible. So that is where you see essentially the debtor days in the 
overall consolidated business. 
Bhavin Pande: 
So, when we think of fees as a percentage of the amount that is being raised, can we 
show some light on what previous points we charge? And also do clients negotiate in 
terms of sizing? They have the opinion that X, Y, Z, providing us rating at this price. So 
can you guys negotiate your rating or something like that? 
Amish Mehta: 
So I'm not able to understand your question. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
You're not very clear, Bhavin. Your voice is quite muffled. 
Bhavin Pande:  
Sorry. Am I clear now? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Yes, I mean, as of now, you're clear. But even as you're going through the question, it 
gets muffled. So go ahead, go ahead, ask your question. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Yes, so I just wanted to understand what fees do we charge in terms of business points 
as compared to the total amount that is being raised? And secondly, is there any 
negotiation from clients and when we are going through the whole process? Yes, that's 
it. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
We will not be able to respond to your first question, Bhavin. That is not something that's 
in the public domain. On the second, please understand, and Gurpreet alluded to this, 
I think right at the top of the conversation, it's a very competitive market. Almost every 
deal gets negotiated, but we do have a premium positioning in the market.  
Bhavin Pande:  
Okay, yes, I guess that answers all my questions. Thanks. 

 
Page 24 of 30 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes, hi. Two questions from my side. Could you give some insight into the Global 
Analytical Center? And what are we doing to increase the wallet share with respect to 
S&P outsourcing? And my second question is, over the years, we have made a couple 
of acquisitions. Some of them have really done well. So, when we look at it from now 
on, what are the three acquisition criterias we look at before acquiring a company? 
Thank you. 
Priti Arora: 
Okay, so I can take the first question about the Global Analytical Center. So, we've had 
a very successful partnership with S&P Global for over two decades now. And the kind 
of work that we do for the rating services is primarily on the surveillance side, where 
we're helping the primary analysts with their desktop research work in support of their 
production of ratings. We also help them with their data and their technology 
transformation. 
So, the couple of areas that we work within the Global Analytical Center, one is on the 
surveillance piece, where we're working very closely with the analytical practices within 
the rating services, helping them with their desktop research work in order to help with 
the production of ratings. We're also helping S&P with their data technology 
transformation projects. And we have some ancillary capability and services that we 
provide to some of the other functions like risk and control and the like. 
I think in terms of the future prospects, again, we're very excited about working with our 
parent company, primarily one, because there are new areas of common growth and 
strategic areas like sustainability, as well as other emerging areas of risk. 
And secondly, I think that post the IHS merger as well, it's a much larger enterprise of 
about 12 billion with 40,000 employees. So clearly in terms of our ability to provide 
capabilities to them at a larger scale is something that we're excited about. Amish, you 
wanted to take the M&A please? 
Amish Mehta: 
Yes, so I think, CRISIL has always been going both organic and organic. I think the way 
we look about, we think about our businesses is, we want to be market leading in the 
businesses we operate, the geographies we operate. And inorganic would be, would 
complement that strategy. It should be a strategic fit. It has to be in line with the market 
opportunity. It has to help us accelerate our strategy execution. So I think we look at 
multiple parameters. Of course, one would look at the valuation and the returns that 
would get generated. But I think these are some of the key things that we would look at 
when we evaluate inorganic from time-to-time. 
Anuj Sharma: 
 
All right, that's helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aalok Shah from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 25 of 30 
Aalok Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on great job numbers, sir. Just one 
question from my side. How's been the surveillance revenue on the ratings part of our 
business? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Our surveillance has also shown robust growth, both in the first quarter, Aalok, as also 
last year. 
Aalok Shah: 
Okay, so are we saying that the trend that we saw the last year, same time, is continuing 
also in this period as well? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
As far as Q1 is concerned of this year, that is correct. 
Aalok Shah: 
 
Okay, thanks. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul from Kredent Infoedge. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul:  
 
Hello. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Yes, you're audible, go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I had a question regarding pertaining to the rating business. 
Like in the quarter 1, for the past few years, I was tracking that the rating business, the 
margins are approximately 48%. And in the remaining part of the year, it is declining to 
40%, 42%. Can you please tell me the reason for that? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
So again, I go back, I think Amish also alluded to this a little earlier to another question, 
Rahul. It will be incorrect to see any of our businesses over a single quarter. You have 
to see the business performance over the full 12 month period, because that covers all 
possible, I mean, most of the cycles that a business has to see. So it wouldn't be right 
whilst you have a Y-o-Y comparative, I think that's the one to see it rather than a 
sequential. And if you want to truly see the performance, the accurate performance of 
a business, I would urge you to see it over a 12 month period. 
Rahul:  
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Hello, good evening. Just on the global business that we have with S&P, how's the 
pricing been negotiated in these contracts? How's the benchmarking done in terms of 
pricing these contracts? And is it possible to give color on economic performance Is it 
possible to give color on economics of this business? And also just second part to this 
question, are there any constraint in terms of sourcing business from S&P? Are there 
any regulatory constraints? Or do you foresee any risks to this business? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
On the pricing, the pricing is based as per arm's length based on the Income Tax Act.. 
As far as constraint on business is concerned, it will be the regulations that S&P Ratings 

 
Page 26 of 30 
works under. And those regulations also subject to GAC and S&P being a company 
which is governed by the highest standards, obviously we go by the regulatory ring 
fencing that is required under the ratings business there. Have we been able to answer 
your question Varun? 
Varun Bang: 
Yes, I mean, I was just trying to understand how's the benchmarking done in terms of 
rising these contracts? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
When you say benchmarking, are you talking about what is the process of 
benchmarking? What do you mean by benchmarking? 
Varun Bang: 
No, not process. I mean, just is there any benchmarking method that we have in terms 
of pricing these contracts? And also if it is possible to give color on economics of this 
business? That would be helpful. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
No, we don't give a color on the economics. What we do as a benchmarking exercise 
is a comparable transaction margin globally that would be charged between companies 
of this size, similar size and companies giving similar service. That is the comparability 
that we do. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay, that's it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Drashti from Thinqwise Wealth 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
Drashti: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. Just to add on the question of what a previous 
participant asked regarding the cash cycle, when I look at your debtors, the debtor days 
is around 100 days in December 22. And even it was higher in December 21 at around 
86 days. And it's substantially increased in the last two years versus average before of 
50 days. So could you just elaborate on exactly this is? 
And you mentioned our working capital cycle is negative, but because the debtor days 
are so high, actually our working capital is higher. So if you could just explain this. Thank 
you. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Drashti, there are two parts to this. I said that our working capital is negative in one part 
of our business, which is in the ratings business. The debtor days essentially resides in 
our research analytics and solutions part, which is essentially the global businesses 
and MI&A. The reason why you see an expansion in the debtor days as far as 22 is 
concerned is because there's a bit of timing difference here. 
Some of the key clients whose payments were expected to come in by December 
actually came in in January, which kind of bumped up our outstanding as of 31st 
December, which bumped up the debtor days that you see. You will also need to look 
at the expansion and the value of debtors based on the expansion in our revenue also, 
which is reflective of the debtor days. 

 
Page 27 of 30 
But again, the bulk of the expansion in debtor days is more on account of a timing 
difference in collections that happened last year. Incidentally, those debtors which didn't 
get paid in December, actually the money did come in in the first quarter. 
Drashti: 
Okay. And what typically is our debtor days generally for a research business? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Inside our research business, as in you mean the segment? 
Drashti: 
Yes segment. Because that's where most of the -- you just mentioned, right? Like debtor 
days are mostly related to that segment. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
It is different in the different businesses in the segment, but it is more or less reflective 
of the debtor days that you see on the balance sheet. 
Drashti: 
All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anand from White Oak Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anand: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have three or four questions. So, first is from opportunity 
perspective, do you see Basel IV as a reasonable opportunity given the size of our 
existing business? 
Andre Cronje: 
Yes. Yes, we see it as a big opportunity. FRTB, capital optimization is a big theme, as 
I said, when we looked at the slides. So, we see it as a material opportunity for our 
markets business. And we are actually having live conversations with a number of the 
clients that we service specifically on this topic. 
Anand: 
Noted. And given the implementation is 25 in some countries or FY’26 and calendar 
year 26 and other, when does our work begin? Is it five quarters in advance? Is there 
some time limit that you can give a sense of? 
Andre Cronje: 
I mean, many of our conversations have actually started a while ago, to be honest. And 
many of the preparatory things that organizations need to do to prepare for the 
regulations have been known for a long time. So, we've actually been active on these 
topics for many months, actually probably predating this by sort of arrival. So, it isn't 
really just a case of it will step up when the regulation becomes live. It's the preparatory 
work that needs to happen for these regulations, typically two to three years in advance. 
So, we're very active at the moment. 
Anand: 
Noted. When it comes to Greenwich and Coalition, we see some contrasting trends. 
So, Greenwich has, Coalition has done well whereas Greenwich hasn't. So, can you 
give us a sense of what's driving these contrasting trends? And is there any, underlying 
factor? And this is one of our, broadly would you expect these trends to be continuing, 
like they're moving in different directions as per the dynamics of their business? 
Amish Mehta: 
I would say you should look at the global benchmark in business and not look at 
individual company perspective because the billing, the structuring of the billing is, it 

 
Page 28 of 30 
could be very different. So, I think what is important to see at the segment level, the 
entire combined entity or the combined business performance of global benchmarking 
analytics, which is across the CIB and the non-CIB space. And I think that is what we 
would typically look at as we run the business. And I think the numbers which might 
have been sitting in the subsidiary performances, I think they are not reflective of the 
business because the contracts could be structured depending on which country and 
what businesses are actually servicing those businesses. 
Anand: 
Noted. So, if I understand correctly, there's some noise in here. And hence the margins 
and revenue growth and so on might throw off track. So, we should look at, as you said 
at the segment as a whole, am I understanding, correct?  
Amish Mehta: 
That's right.  
Andre Cronje: 
Yes.  
Anand: 
Now, when it comes to our engagement in GR&RS, I presume this is also ongoing 
engagement. The various ratings, like you have initial rating and then surveillance. So, 
is GR&RS having similar revenue profile as an initial fee and then continual 
engagement. Or is it more driven by one off projects? Or it's a mix? If it's a mix, then 
can you give us some sense of what kind of mix is it?  
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
About 30% to 35% of our revenue in that business is annuity revenue.  
Anand: 
Noted. And for the remaining business, which is project driven, so are these projects 
like one off or they recur every three, five years? How should we think of it?  
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Combination of both. Anand, there would be renewable projects and there would be 
projects which come in for a short period .  
Anand: 
Got it. I have a couple of more questions. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes, hi, I had a question. We have written in our annual report for the last few years 
that we want to diversify beyond financial risk also and compliance and all those 
services. How large is that business opportunity and what are our strengths in that 
business and how do we think where are we in that journey of diversifying further into 
those types of services? 
Andre Cronje: 
Non-financial risk is possibly the biggest risk that our clients currently deal with. So, it 
is a very substantial opportunity for us. We are in the process of building out our 
business because we see it as a very material opportunity and that's where we are.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And will these cover beyond financial companies also? Primarily. Currently we are 
focusing on only mostly financial institutions, but non-financial risk. Are we going to 
focus on industries beyond financial. Should we understand that?  

 
Page 29 of 30 
Andre Cronje: 
No, at the moment we are principally focused on financial institutions. We're obviously 
dealing with banks as we said so. We expand that more probably into the asset 
servicing side, asset management side, but nothing beyond financial services.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay and one more thing, you stated about recurring revenue 35% but if I understand, 
we have also written about products and platforms development something like ICON  
Fulkrum, IT driven businesses. How is that segment overall moving? And what is the 
level of maturity of our products, and have they reached a substantial scale where we 
can roll out across the world and across and there can be a substantial margin 
improvement in that whole business of research and rating analytics if these products 
are mature?  
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Yes, absolutely. So, if you look at the ICON product, it is a product that helps digitize 
the entire credit underwriting process. That is a product that is pretty much used by all 
the large banks in India both across the public as well as the private sector. The idea 
really is to now take It international which is largely in the geographies around the 
Middle East as well as to North America.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And the IP remains with CRISIL for these products?  
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Yes, absolutely.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And besides these two products, are there anything more we are working on or? These 
are the two products which are at a maturity stage right now.  
Ashish Vora: 
So, we do have a suite of products, some of them are platforms like ICON which help 
digitize credit processes. We do have products or platforms which where we actually 
have the ability to be able to take data to our clients. And that is where we mentioned 
during the initial conversation that we leverage a lot of the data that we generate out of 
our research, both the macro as well as industry business which we offer clients to get 
access to.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
One last thing, if you look at CY21 and revenue mix, the geographical revenue mix, 
during CY21 the revenue grew by 20% in domestic market and ‘22, it grew by 9% only 
okay? And then we have stated that domestic rating business grew by 13%. So, what 
are the business which are dragging and it was expected that CY22 should be better 
than ‘21 because the economy has done better. Why is, it had been slow, lower growth 
than CY21?  
Amish Mehta: 
I think the mix of the businesses is what is important to look at. Right? I mean we could 
have, let's say in our advisory segment which we used to have earlier. That there is a 
lot of, or just clients? And let's say some significant contracts could have got over which 
might not be there in the next year. So, I think what I would request is to see it more 
holistically. Our businesses are different as we scale up different businesses, growth 
will be, percentages could be different. And I think that is where you need to keep that 
perspective.  

 
Page 30 of 30 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen. In the interest of time. That will be the last 
question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amish Mehta to conclude the 
session.  
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. From our perspective, I think we continue to 
look at the opportunity. There is uncertain environment globally. I think India, the 
economy, remains robust and resilient. We expect growth in the economy to continue. 
And I think, as we discussed over the call most of our offerings are in the 
nondiscretionary space for our clients which continue to drive buoyancy in terms of 
demand and growth. And we continue to be optimistic from a business perspective. 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. That concludes the call for today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. 
And you may now disconnect lines. Thank you. 
