 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd. Office: Godrej One 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar,  
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai – 400 079. India 
Tel.: +91-22-6169-8500 
Fax: +91-22-6169-8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
             CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: - Godrej Properties Limited  
           BSE - Scrip Code: 533150, Scrip ID - GODREJPROP  
           BSE- Security Code - 959822 – Debt Segment 
 
 
 
 
 
NSE - GODREJPROP 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call with the Investors/ Analysts 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A, Para A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find attached transcript of the conference call organized with the Investors/ Analysts on 
Thursday, February 02, 2023, post declaration of financial results for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2022.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosed as above 
Ashish Sudhakar 
Karyekar
Digitally signed by Ashish 
Sudhakar Karyekar 
Date: 2023.02.08 16:51:29 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Godrej Properties Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIROJSHA GODREJ – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON – 
GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED  
 
MR. GAURAV PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJENDRA KHETAWAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MIT SHAH – CDR INDIA 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference call of Godrej 
Properties Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah of CDR India. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Shah. 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej Properties Q3 FY 
'23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Chairman; Mr. 
Gaurav Pandey, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO of the 
company. Before we begin this call, I'd like to point out that certain statements made in this call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results 
presentation e-mailed to you earlier. 
I'd like to invite Mr. Godrej to make his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties Third Quarter 
Financial Year 2023 Conference Call. I'll begin by discussing the highlights of the quarter, and 
we then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions. While the global macroeconomic 
situation remained uncertain, the Indian economy performed well in the past quarter. Despite 
the recent increases in interest rates and housing prices, affordability of residential real estate in 
India remains attractive by historical standards and residential real estate demand in India 
remains strong. 
We believe the Union Budget presented yesterday was supportive of the long-term growth of 
the real estate sector in India through its focus on infrastructure, affordable housing and 
digitization. The Finance Minister has forecasted economic growth at 7% for the next financial 
year and with a planned capital expenditure of INR 10 lakh crores, a year-on-year increase of 
33%, we expect robust economic growth, which will be very supportive of development of the 
real estate sector. I'm happy to report that Godrej Properties reported its highest ever quarterly 
sales of INR 3,252 crores, with the sale of 4,077 homes comprising an area of 4.42 million square 
feet. This represents a year-on-year value growth of 111% and a year-on-year volume growth of 
99%. 
We have also reported our highest ever 9-month period sales of INR 8,181 crores through the 
sale of 8,784 homes with an area of 9.96 million square feet, surpassing our full year FY '22 
sales. For the 9 months, our booking value grew by 77% year-on-year by value and 51% year-
on-year by volume. We look forward to building on this momentum in the current quarter and 
hope to significantly exceed our annual guidance of INR 10,000 crores booking value for the 
year. On the operations front, we delivered 1.71 million square feet of area in Bangalore and 
NCR during the third quarter. We remain on track to deliver a large number of projects in the 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
fourth quarter of the financial year and expect to end the year with deliveries in excess of 10 
million square feet. 
Due to Project Completion Accounting Standard we follow and limited project completions in 
Q3, our revenue will moderate at INR 366 crores, representing a year-on-year decline of 8%. 
Our EBITDA grew by 33% to INR 153 crores, while net profit grew by 51% to INR 59 crores. 
Net operating cash flows for the quarter were robust at INR 549 crores. One exciting outcome 
during the third quarter was the pace and quality of business development. 
We added 9 new projects during the quarter with an estimated future booking value of INR 
23,050 crores. For the financial year-to-date, we have added 15 new projects with an estimated 
sales potential in excess of INR 27,500 crores, thereby significantly exceeding our full year 
annual guidance of INR 15,000 crores of future booking value. We believe these projects are 
strategically located and will support our efforts to maintain rapid growth rates while 
substantially improving the margin profile of our company. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. Thank you all for joining us on the call. We'd now be 
happy to discuss any questions, comments or suggestions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Congratulations on a great quarter, Pirojsha, both on GDV addition as well as on presales. So 
my first question is on the total GDV added this quarter. So I just wanted to know how much is 
the total -- these are largely 100% owned projects. So how much would be the total capex on 
these projects and how much we have incurred in this year? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah. So we have incurred bulk of the capex on this around INR 1,000 crores is what we need 
to incur more. That with milestone link we will be incurring it as and when those CP’s of those 
transactions get completed. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
For this year-to-date, INR 27,500 crores what will be the total value of the total capex on this 
GDV addition? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
INR 3,500 crores. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
You're saying balance INR 1,000 crores, is yet to be incurred out of the INR 3,500 crores? 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Yes, that's correct. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And the second question is on -- so these new GDV addition largely owned by us is coming at 
significantly higher realization. So just wanted to understand from the embedded EBITDA 
margin perspective, so what would be the carrying value of the EBITDA margins, embedded 
EBITDA margins in this GDV addition versus our historical GDV additions? 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I don't think we want to get into embedded EBITDA margins. I think that will develop over the 
course of a project. I think we've not -- that's not a number we've historically tried to disclose. 
But of course, I think if you look at the kind of locations of projects we've added, the average 
price point we're estimating and the fact that these are structures where we own the projects 
outright in many cases, I think it would imply a very meaningful increase in EBITDA margin 
over some of our older projects. But I don't think we would like to disclose a specific EBITDA 
margin. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And just one more thing on these three launches. So Ashok Vihar, we were planning to launch 
during Q3 FY '23 and Worli in FY '24 and Bandra was a little bit more longer, so any update on 
the timelines on these three projects? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah. I think Ashok Vihar unfortunately, now looks like it won't happen this financial year. 
We're still hopeful of early next financial year launch. So I think the team is still working towards 
a Q1 launch there. Worli also we'd hope to get done next financial year. I think Bandra, there's 
somewhat less visibility. There are -- there is some discussions ongoing there. And hopefully, 
we can bring that back on track, but we're not certain whether that can happen next financial 
year. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I just wanted to congratulate Gaurav for taking up the role of the CEO now, and all the best to 
you Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. 
Puneet: 
Congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is with respect to the humungous project 
addition that you've done in this quarter alone. How soon should one expect for these projects 
to be launched? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
So thanks for the question. Our endeavor is that some of these projects can be launched as soon 
as 6 months from now on. And you should see much of the launch calendar of H2 of next year 
with some of these launches coming in. That's the target that we set for ourselves. 
Puneet: 
And it's quite evident that most of these projects are in the nature of plots. What has really 
changed? I mean is Godrej more gearing towards plots or is opportunity better in the plots? Is 
demand better? Can you give more color on what's happening on this side? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah. I don't think, first of all, that's correct that majority of the projects are plots. If you look at 
it, I think of the 9 projects we announced for the past quarter, two were in plotted development. 
I think what -- we do think that the plotted development story is an interesting one, something 
that we'd like to pursue for a couple of reasons. One, the turnaround time for these projects can 
be quite quick. The returns, therefore, can be quite high.  
Also, we think this is a great way to expand our presence into new markets in a way that's less 
intensive from a management bandwidth perspective than group housing is. Also gives us the 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
opportunity to better understand some of these newer markets. And over time, perhaps use some 
of them and entry points for the group housing business. But certainly, if you're looking at, I 
think, whether from a number of deals and certainly from a future expected booking value, the 
plotting business is still a relatively modest part of our overall business. 
Puneet: 
Understood. That's very helpful. And any plans of going beyond your traditional four cities over 
next one year? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think one is, of course, through the plotting development route, we have already opened up a 
larger number of cities and could continue to do that in the year ahead. I think from a group 
housing perspective, we still feel that the vast majority of the opportunity between us -- before 
us is in these four cities. So we have also seen good traction recently in Ahmedabad. We are 
actively looking for business development in Kolkata, which are cities we've been present in, 
but haven't put as much emphasis on that we have in the top four. And probably the only entirely 
new market that we are open to from a group housing perspective would be Hyderabad. 
Puneet: 
Okay. So that's the new potential for you? And while the environment looks quite encouraging, 
the momentum is quite nice, the mortgage rates have indeed gone up. Are you seeing any sort 
of reluctance on the part of buyers to make these purchase decisions or is the momentum still 
quite strong? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thanks. Good question. The operating environment that we are seeing right now is very 
conducive for us. If you see that our sales have been historically at an all-time high in quarter 
three. So we don't see any bottleneck from any macro indicators. In fact, what we are continuing 
to see is that consolidation story and the value for good products and good locations with good 
design thesis is kind of getting a lot of traction. And we see that continuing for at least next one 
to two years in the near term, yeah. 
Puneet: 
Next question, if I may. What would be your single biggest worry for? 
Gaurav Pandey:  
Sorry, come again. 
Puneet: 
What would be your single biggest risk that you would foresee for the year or something that 
worries you for? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think, largely speaking the operating environment seems to be conducive, the only event could 
be a crazy global COVID wave, which is quite unlikely for us to speak right now. And to be 
honest if you could see from the past two years, we've all learned to live with it. So I don't really 
see anything practically speaking any real worry. Just it's all about executing the plans that we 
set for ourselves and be very precise about timing the launches and getting into collection. So 
not really a real risk authentic risk so as to speak. 
Puneet: 
Got it. Thank you so much and all best. I'll come back with some few more questions later on. 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yeah. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on strong sales performance as well as the 
business development. First question, again, on margins for the new business development that 
we have been doing, while you won't specify on particular margins, but just a ballpark 
calculation, if I do, 13% -- 12% to 13% is your average land cost if I calculate INR 3,000 cores, 
INR 3,500 crores investment, and another 30% in general for construction cost plus overheads 
in the approvals, another 15%, 20%. Can we -- that will assume like 30% should be the ballpark 
margins that we can expect, at least from the base calculation that we look at? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think it's an interesting way of asking the same question. But yeah, I think, look, on land 
purchase, I think 30% is not an unreasonable assumption. Obviously, it will vary project-by-
project, depending on price point. But more importantly, depending on ultimate execution, I 
think there's a lot that can happen between project addition and project delivery. And I think the 
real focus of the company and the real determinant of how the crystal we will be over the next 
few years; we will be delivering these plans. But I think the number you've assumed is not too 
far off from what we'd expect on our price purchases. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, sure. That's helpful. And in terms of launches, probably this year, we’ll end at around 12-
13 million square feet with the pipeline that we already have. What should be the launches that 
we should consider for FY '24? Obviously, that number would be higher and you will give us a 
pipeline in Q4. But roughly, what's the certain pipeline that you see for next year? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah. I think, we usually tend to be more happy giving this outlook at the end of the financial 
year, because it's a little unclear still how many of these launches all happen in the next two 
months to some spillover and all of that can have an impact. 
I think broadly, the way we were thinking about the business is that we wanted to get to this INR 
10,000 crores number this year and then we wanted to compound at, at least 20% per year for 
the next few years on that base. Fortunately, I think we'll -- and ahead of that INR 10,000 crores 
starting point. And given the kind of business development we've done, hopefully, that's the 
20%-plus compounding can also be exceeded. So that's the way we're thinking about it. But 
please give us until the next call to come back with more clarity on the number of launches and 
exact plans. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, sure. And just lastly on pricing, while interest rates have been increasing, we might see 
that topping out. How do you see the prices escalating going forward? Will you still continue to 
take price hikes or probably you'll -- in near-term, you'll see the affordability and then decide on 
the pricing? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think, we've been very focused on consistent price increase quarter-on-quarter. And quite 
happy to share that in quarter three across markets, we've increased prices. In MMR, our average 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
price increase has been between 1% to 2%. And in markets like South, we've increased by 4%. 
In North and East and West, largely have been around 5%, so quite strong price uptake and also 
translating into booking value. So we see that, of course, one has to be watchful about newer 
environments. But this all can now have been going at a good steady pace for us for the last three 
quarters, yeah. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Just to add to that. I honestly think that to a certain extent, I think, obviously, you can improve 
pricing at the project level through better design, better quality, having the right brand. But 
ultimately, pricing in the real estate sector is not decided by individual developers. It is much 
more of a macro story. I think any individual developer in India today would have a low single-
digit market share. So in markets like NCR prices have gone up, maybe 25%, 30% over the last 
12, 18 months.  
I think more developers would have seen those kind of price increases in markets where prices 
haven’t gone up to that extent, the increases have been somewhat more moderate. Certainly, our 
goal is to price our products at the price that we think will clear the market. And we do think 
that actually, as has happened in NCR, there is likely to be pricing momentum in other markets 
too over these next couple of years. That is usually the case at this stage of the cycle once the 
volume recovery has proved itself. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Just wanted to understand, like, you have acquired these 15 projects totaling about 23-odd-
million square feet plus in the nine months. And when I look at our launches done in this year, 
right, of the seven million square feet odd, 3.6 million square feet of actual like greenfield new 
launches, excluding the new phases. So how should I look at this 23 million square feet that 
you've acquired in terms of getting into the market? Like what kind of timeline you have in mind 
to bring them to the market? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Kunal, I think Gaurav mentioned that the goal is to 6 months kind of timeline from project 
acquisition to project launch and some projects we've been able to do that. My own experience 
is that on some of the larger projects, whether it'd be Ashok Vihar or Worli so on, it does tend 
to for one reason or another take a little bit longer than initial expectations. 
But I think the teams are very, very focused, of course, on bringing these projects to market as 
soon as possible. We attempt and one of the key lenses through, which we evaluate business 
development is pace at, which these projects can be brought to market. So we're trying to avoid 
projects that we think have too many regulatory hurdles and require a longer timeframe. 
So I think, hopefully, you'll see the vast majority of these come to market within six to 12 months 
of being added, though I think it's probably reasonable to expect some percentage, as is usually 
the case for one reason or another will slip out of those timelines. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Sure, that's helpful. Secondly was on the completion side, we had set out a target of about 
10 million square feet plus of completion. But just going by what we are seeing, there's a bit of 
a lag over there. And then that also reflects in our cash flows, right? Because certain like you 
mentioned, certain milestone-based payments were lagging sort of. So how should we look at 
completion? And how should that reflect in our cash flows and also in our P&L in the quarters 
to come? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah. So Kunal, you're absolutely right. I think year-to-date number of deliveries is, of course, 
very underwhelming, but we are on track for that 10 million square feet of guidance. So we have 
a busy OC calendar as expected over these next couple of months and do continue to expect to 
hit that 10 million milestone. 
I think some of these benchmarks, unfortunately, do tend to be a little bit lumpy. I remember 
prior to this quarter, we were a little bit defensive on the business development deployment 
because while we saw a lot of momentum internally and knew we have the right set of portfolio 
discussions underway, what we have been able to get to the stage of announcement was not in 
line with that. 
And I think, for example, we've seen in a quarter like last quarter, that in a lumpy way, these 
targets can suddenly look very different from an achievement perspective. I think operationally, 
it's similar this year and there's no reason it should be this lumpy, but we do expect a big Q4 
from deliveries and therefore, to get to that 10 million square feet number as we earlier indicated. 
I think while, of course, there's no perfect way to look at it, Kunal, I think very broadly, if I was 
to indicate how we think the numbers for the company should pan out, is that clearly bookings 
come first because a large percentage of our bookings happen at the time of project launch. If 
you look at our unsold to launch inventory, it's the lowest it's ever been. 
So bookings is always going to be at the time that the company is in now where it's growing 
very rapidly, it's always going to be the lead indicator. But roughly, collection should 
approximately equal the average of the previous two years bookings. So I think it represent the 
average delivery timeline will be roughly three years. So I think the average of the previous two 
years booking would be a good approximate indicator of where collection should be. Now, of 
course, it's not going to be an exact number. But I think from a directional perspective that should 
be the case. 
And we've indicated that we are hoping to get 10% to 15% net profit margin on bookings from 
the business we're doing. And I think the average timeline for earnings delivery will be roughly 
three years, as I said, as it's linked to actual project completion. So very broadly, I think that's 
what we're trying to focus on. Will it grow bookings very quickly at least 20% a year on an 
ongoing basis? Of course, the year like this year will be much higher than 20%. Ensure that 
collection in a given year are roughly equal to the previous two years' average and try to ensure 
that earnings are 10% to 15% of three-year prior bookings. So that's broadly how we're thinking 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
of it. Again, this is very directional and there could be things like creating inflation that we saw 
at some stages last year that impacts some of these numbers. But I think broadly, this is what 
we're hoping to achieve. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure, sure. Thanks. That's very helpful. My last question actually going back to the business 
development. Like we -- last year was pretty subdued FY '22. And this year, we have kind of 
like done really, really well by spending about INR3,000 - 3,500 crores worth of land. How 
should we look at this going ahead? I mean, would you see the same level of spend continuing 
going into next year or would you slow down? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
So, I think we want to be intentionally quite dynamic with our business development strategy. I 
think the answer to your question depends very much on what we are seeing both in the overall 
market, as well as through our own internal performance. So if we're seeing continued stress 
amongst smaller developers and therefore, what we think are attractive opportunities for 
business development. I think that will indicate we intend to continue to see very high levels of 
action. 
It also depends, obviously, on our internal performance and are we able to launch the projects in 
the timeline, so we're hoping to are we able to continue to sell a large percentage of the projects 
we're launching and therefore, not creating a large portfolio of unsold inventory, which can 
create its own problems over time. So I think we will be quite responsive to that. But broadly 
speaking, I think our expectation, as we sit today, is that 2023 should continue to be a good 
period for business development.  
Moderator: 
Just one moment, please, sorry. That was from one of the participants lines. We'll move on to 
the next question, which is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
A few questions. I think one, I will just follow-up on what Kunal was asking and we got 
interrupted. So with the BD development that we have seen this quarter, can you update us a bit 
on what should be the guidance on overall debt and gearing are you seeing? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think we've consistently since the IPO 12 years ago, said that our comfort from a gearing 
perspective is around 1:1, I think of net gearing. I think given the increase in the size of the 
balance sheet, now we probably say we more like to operate anywhere from 0.5:1 to 1:1. We 
ended last quarter at 0.3:1. So clearly, I think we feel the balance sheet still has significant 
capacity for additional investments. And as I was saying, I think the current visibility basis 
number of discussions underway at the moment continues to be very strong. So despite a very 
strong Q3, I think Q4 and Q1 of next year should be a very healthy level of business development 
to continue. 
And then I think beyond the 12-month timeframe is something that we'll have to evaluate both 
basis what we're seeing in the market and how our own performance has been and calibrates the 
strategy accordingly. But certainly, for the rest of this calendar year, I think the business 
development opportunity remains quite exciting. And I do think that this will quite quickly 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
translate to meaningful top-line growth for the company. And over -- as these projects start 
reaching the revenue recognition stage, we are quite optimistic that the margin profile of the 
company will also look very different, both because the structure of the project is either profit 
shares where we have a high share of economic interest all outright. But equally, because the 
location of the projects and price points of the project are we think structurally much better than 
some of the older project locations. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Secondly, on the residential side, the overall cash flow. So I was just looking at slide 33 of the 
presentation, where you have given good details on project-wise progress. So there's about 
INR160 billion of excess cash flow yet to be received on the currently sold projects. And there 
should be some unsold inventory as well. So can you guide us on what is the net surplus we can 
expect from the ongoing pipeline, and -- or maybe a broad idea of where we would be on average 
on construction progress and what is to be spent? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So Abhinav, it's very difficult to predict that. Like maybe Pirojsha gave some numbers, maybe 
you can do a back calculation on the sales price, if we are looking at some kind of a 15% of net 
profit margin, that would be my residual surplus, which will get generated over a period of time. 
But now we have to go line-by-line, project-by-project to determine what would be my 
construction outflow and what would be my realizable surplus -- cash surplus out of that. So 
maybe we can connect offline and take you through that. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
So -- but fair to assume, I mean, the substantial surplus here yet to come or you are waiting for 
the New Year launches for that year? 
Gaurav Pandey:  
Sorry, Abhinav, I couldn't catch up clearly on the phone. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Maybe I will connect on that separately. One last question on the NCR side where we have now 
seen pricing also move up materially. So has it started impacting the quality of demand? One of 
the issues used to see that cash flows will start lagging in NCR versus sales effect. Any such 
thing you have seen so far? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Abhinav, I'm sorry, I don't know if it's the issue with us. We are not able to hear you very clearly. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhimanyu Kasliwal from Choice India Limited. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal 
So firstly, congratulations over a good quarter, even though we did not see very good recognition 
the NPV of assets -- projects seems to have increased dramatically, like INR 2,300 crores this 
quarter. Now, I'm talking about what about the future outlook? Are we looking at more cities 
beside the existing ones Tier 2 -- for example, as I'm from Indore, so I'm aware that in Indore 
we're looking at some land parcels and in general, as we look at other Tier 2 cities as such. Am 
I correct in understanding that, that could lead to the next level of growth for our company? And 
what other Tier 2 cities -- are we open to Tier 2 cities, what would be -- what would you like to 
tell us about that? 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Gaurav Pandey: 
If I understood it correctly, you want to understand the future growth strategy and Tier 2 
specifically. I think that our focus will continue to remain in these cities where we operate from 
a group housing perspective. And we believe that the fact that most of us as large developers 
operate at single-digit market share. There is massive headroom to focus over there in growth. 
As far as the opportunity in Tier 2 cities is we are exploring opportunities in entry selectively 
through the plotted development platform, and that is going to be our current focus. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
One last question, sir, the inventory things have increased this quarter. Is that -- are you trying 
to ensure that our margins are maintained or is it just some short-term occurrence? Are we like 
-- inventory is increasing because we are hoping to get higher margins, we are now planning to 
sell at a lower margin, something like that. Could you please guide? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think our focus is to ensure the margins in every project and kind of consistent sales across the 
geographies that we operate. And I think we've been seeing a set of secular trend largely speaking 
to most of our portfolio with any sort of -- anything other than the core strategy to maintain a 
healthy robust sales pipeline wherever possible increase prices consistently -- that's the way 
we're maintaining our margin still now. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Last question, last question. Are you seeing anything in terms of the velocity being maintained, 
or is it slowing down a bit or you're expecting it to pick up? What is your call on that? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think we've dealing velocity and as you would have noticed that this has to be one of the most 
exciting quarters for us from a sales velocity point of view. So yes, we've been able to maintain 
a velocity across all markets that we operate and also we've been able to kind of make a record 
for Q3 sales. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Himanshu Zaveri from Dhruv Gems. 
Himanshu Zaveri: 
Yeah, I just wanted to ask you, the amount of projects we launched -- sorry, launch -- we have 
signed. I want to know about the land prices update because supposedly we bought the Ashok 
Vihar land before two years for INR1,300 crores. Now the same, what kind of land prices 
appreciation have we seen in the last quarter, the deals which we have signed, throw some light 
on that? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
It's very specific to micro markets where we operate. So as you would have noticed that on the 
demand side and residential pricing side across markets, generally, there has been an uptake. 
And accordingly, land being a raw material has also correspondingly increased in certain 
geographies. And yes, where there is more confidence in terms of customer attraction to buy a 
product, those markets would have relatively seen slightly higher price. So it's very difficult to 
really say there is an X percentage price increase across India. It's very specific to the micro 
market where we operate. And yes, it's driven largely by what consumers are willing to pay and 
buy products over there. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Himanshu Zaveri: 
Okay. And this quarter, you updated around 9 to 10 projects, which are on the launch. So are we 
on track for that? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think obviously, the Investor Presentation where we put estimated launches is our most updated 
view on what will get launched. So we do hope to, of course, launch all of those. But as they are 
some of them linked to regulatory approvals, there's also, of course, some possibility of them 
slipping into the new financial year. But overall, I think Q4 is looking good from a new launch 
as well as overall bookings perspective. 
Himanshu Zaveri: 
Any particular -- that you've generally shifted from the JV to outright purchase almost 
completely because we've signed like 8 out of 9, which are owned projects, right? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah. I understand that optically, it looks like we've switched completely basis last quarter's 
numbers. But as we were saying, BD can be a bit lumpy. We actually have a large number of 
joint venture projects also under discussion. So Q4 may not be as skewed towards outright 
purchases, but we are very much open to both outright purchases as well as any sort of joint 
venture structures where we have a reasonably high economic interest in the project. We have 
deemphasized projects where our economic interest is relatively low, like development 
management fee structure. So only in exceptional cases would we add such projects. 
Himanshu Zaveri: 
And we are not worried about Ashok Vihar, right, because the delay and all the sales perspective, 
we are comfortable, right? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I'm extremely excited about Ashok Vihar. Little frustrated that we haven't been able to bring it 
to market yet. But I think -- it's going to be an outstanding project from us -- for us, both, I think, 
from a project quality perspective as well as a financial return perspective. So we're very excited 
to hopefully kick that project off over the next few months. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Pirojsha, can you talk about the supply situation in the micro markets that you are present? Are 
you seeing any stress building up or do you think it's okay for now? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think the supply-demand situation seems quite favorable at the moment, if anything. I think 
some of the metrics we track quite closely and now are also sort of available through our 
presentation is the percentage of launched inventory that we have that is unsold. And that 
continues to be at all-time lows for sort of any time in the history of the company. So I think it's 
a good indicator that whatever we've been able to bring to market is seeing good uptake. 
I think also very encouraged to see some of the big launch numbers we've posted in recent 
months like our Ahmedabad launch and Bangalore launch last quarter so overall, not seeing 
anything on the supply side that is worrying me. And again, I think while some of the bigger 
developers in each market are scaling up, I think that is also happening through market share 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
gains, where a lot of the smaller players are focusing more on bringing land to the market rather 
than bringing too many new projects. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
And any thoughts on Vikhroli land, which is owned by the parent company. So we have not seen 
any major project launch out of that portfolio. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
That's right, Sameer. I think in the upcoming financial year, we do expect a large new launch in 
Vikhroli. So hopefully, we'll get that part of the engine humming again as well. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
That would be great. And when you look at your BD plan, I mean, are there any white spaces 
that kind of stands out you want to go and make sure that you get a presence there, a deal there 
that you want to highlight? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think, honestly, there's so much opportunity, Sameer -- have to nail down on any one thing. 
While we are looking at from a new market perspective, I mentioned Hyderabad one opportunity 
and plotted development we're looking in several markets. I think the real big opportunity is 
continuing to deepen our presence in these top four markets. These are the real areas where our 
current scale, even if you look at what some of the leading players in each of these markets is 
today delivering. Clearly, there is a significant room for scale up by entering new micro markets.  
I think as we took stock of how we performed over the last few years, last year, we felt that 
Mumbai and Bangalore were two markets where we certainly hadn't scaled to our potential. I 
think we've made the kind of changes to the team, the kind of intent we're driving in those 
markets. We're already seeing some early results from that. I think both Mumbai and Bangalore 
showing sharp growth this year over previous year. But I think, certainly, the opportunity 
remains. And I think with Gaurav taking over now, we've got the exact right person to do this. 
He has obviously delivered a similar thing in NCR. 
And I think -- very happy to see him running in his first quarter managing the operations of the 
company in Q3. So certainly, I think the primary aspiration is to really significantly increase our 
market share in these top four markets. In each of these, we think we have a very strong base 
now and are already amongst the leading players, but we think we have the balance sheet, the 
brand and the intent to significantly further scale. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Congratulations on the excellent set of performances. Just my first question is on the earlier 
project in Byculla. Sir, could you throw some light on the details like so what kind of total area 
and what kind of legal and financial liability is there in that project? Because my understanding 
is that it's a struck project, and there was a JDA, which has failed previously. So just trying to 
understand some insight on what kind of projects is that in Byculla? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes.. This is actually a redevelopment project where we partnered with the existing developer 
to take over the development of the project. So it's a brownfield project in that sense. So we hope 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
to launch the project in the first half of the next financial year. And I think the expected booking 
value, etcetera, is mentioned in the presentation about INR 3,500 crores. It's in Mahalaxmi, not 
Byculla and yes, looking forward to getting this going. And it could be relatively fast to kick off 
because it was an existing project. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Great, sir. And just your current mix of JV and outright for the ongoing, what could be the 
current mix? And in the medium- to long-term, what -- would we see some kind of shift in this 
mix or this mix would be going in future this mix of JV, what’s the outright would be the same? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Our current mix of outright would be around 25% to 30%, balances is still into JD, DM and 
other models. Going forward, obviously. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think going forward, again, as we've said a few times, we don't think having some sort of 
blanket either 50-50 or anything like that necessarily makes sense. We will evaluate what we're 
seeing in the market and try to respond to that in the way that we think maximizes the value for 
the company. Because I think if we're seeing market conditions where there is a lot of distress 
where we are well capitalized and we can get land at what we think will be attractive valuations 
and develop that land through what is likely to be a strong leg of the cycle, we will, I think, 
probably lean more towards outright purchases.  
If on the other hand, over the next five, six years, the market gets more frothy we feel the cycle 
is topping out we may not be as keen for outright purchases and might then look for more joint 
venture kind of structure. So I think it will be a continual evaluation of what we think the market 
is offering as well as where we think our own execution priorities lie. And I think we will respond 
in that way. But certainly, I think going forward, you can expect to see a fair mix of both outright 
and joint ventures and very limited development management agreement in that structure. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
One final question is what kind of net operating cash flow should we expect in FY '24? The 
reason I'm asking is there will be significant jump, would there be a significant jump, in the net 
operating cash flow because of the strong traction in sales bookings for the past -- I mean last 
year, this year to -- so should we see what kind of operating cash flow should we see in the next 
financial year? Some ballpark, I'm not… 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
This is not the number again that we are offering guidance on. But certainly, it's a number that, 
obviously, we have tracked very closely internally and is one we expect to see very meaningful 
growth on both next year and in the years ahead. Again, we mentioned that where -- our attempt 
is to ensure what we deliver in bookings in one year or the average of the previous two years is 
what we are able to show as collection. And obviously, the linkage between collections and 
operating cash flows is quite tight and depends on the margins of the projects and stage of 
completion. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Manish Gandhi from KPMK Investments. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Manish Gandhi: 
Pirojsha to you and the whole team leading by Mr. Dedhia, heartily congratulations on all front 
on BD, especially locations across the cities is excellent, and it has exceeded any expectations? 
I'm sure, as you're guiding, you are discussing many more. So first of that. So -- and my question 
is, first, to RK. Rajendra, which are the projects which has contributed to this INR 4,200 crores 
inventory rise. Can you just give? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So Manish, this inventory accumulation is on account of various projects, which we have 
accumulated. Now, what happened in the accounting is you have do in the redevelopment, you 
have to do a gross-up of liability and inventories. So basically, it's all on account of new project 
additions, what we have done. So that is how the inventory movement you are seeing from the 
last quarter. 
Manish Gandhi: 
My next question is on Bangalore. So how you see the demand affecting because of this 
technology-led layoffs? Can you give some color, Gaurav or Pirojsha? And two, is it the reason 
we have a little bit less BDs in Bangalore compared to the other cities? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think Bangalore we are seeing a very strong growth momentum. In fact, we sold close to INR 
749 crores, in the previous quarter, which is equivalent to almost the entire phase of the previous 
financial year. So we see robust demand out there. And as Pirojsha was mentioned sometime 
back that business development tends to be lumpy, and we are extremely focused on Bangalore 
business development. And hopefully, in a couple of months, we should be hearing some very 
exciting stories on business development side for south zone particularly, yes. 
Manish Gandhi: 
And lastly, just not a question, but just would love to have your thoughts. Next year in Mumbai 
and MMR, we are launching multiple large projects. So it must be exciting for the team, but this 
is the first time we are launching so many large projects in a particular city. So can you just give 
some color? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Largely, the teams in Mumbai have really kind of started outperforming in the previous year. In 
fact, if you see the nine months sales of this financial year, is that already INR 2,000-plus-crores, 
which is something which they did not achieve even earlier and every launch that they kind of 
planning up, they've been able to show consistent delivery. So I don't really see that as a 
challenge for Mumbai for largely a business development issue historically in Mumbai zone. 
And with that kind of crack, I think the team is extremely hungry to deliver on the business. So 
you should -- exciting quarter of this and also the next financial year for Mumbai side. 
Manish Gandhi: 
Can I squeeze in one more last? Yes. So how do you think about the opportunities in extended 
Mumbai, like New Mumbai in the coming area because of new International -- new airport and 
of course sorry, the 22-kilometer trans-harbor line. So do you see -- or do you are looking 
aggressively to enter that market? Of course, we have one big project Taloja, but anything else 
you see? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Sure. I think generally, we've been seeing infra story directly positively giving us similar to any 
demand on the residential side. And we instantly also added some plot redevelopments in that 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
specific corridor with the very specific premise that we were seeing demand, especially in this 
segment which we don't have in the portfolio MMR on that segment corridor. And we continue 
maintain the focus on opportunity, but very frank from a portfolio point of view, our strategy is 
to maintain healthy growth across micro market and not really get specific only in one specific 
micro market of MMR. So definitely it's a focus area and you will see, it will continued launches 
on there, but not necessarily only in that specific micro market. 
Manish Gandhi: 
And really exciting next one year for everything so all the best to the team. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I hope we've been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further questions or like 
any additional information, we'd be happy to be of assistance. On behalf of the management, 
thank you again for taking the time to join us today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Godrej Properties Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
