 
 
                                                         
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, Registered Office: E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India 
Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146  Fax:+91 11 26383963 
                                                             
Date: 08th May 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
 
   Sub.: Outcome Transcript – Conference Call – Q4 FY’23 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma'am, 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated 28th April 2023 regarding the Conference Call 
of the Company, which was held on Tuesday, 02nd May 2023 at 04:00 P.M. (IST), please 
find enclosed herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts. 
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available at the website of the Company under 
the URL https://newgensoft.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
   Thanking you. 
 
   For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
  Aman Mourya 
  Company Secretary 
 
  Encl.:a/a 
AMAN 
MOURYA
Digitally signed by 
AMAN MOURYA 
Date: 2023.05.08 
18:19:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DIWAKAR NIGAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. T.S.VARADARAJAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIRENDER JEET – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN KUMAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Please note that the transcript has been edited for accuracy purposes 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Newgen Software Technologies Limited Q4 
FY '23 Financial Results Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh, Head Investor Relations. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Deepti Chugh: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I am Deepti Mehra, Investor Relations, Newgen Software 
Technologies Limited, and I welcome you all to the Q4 FY '23 results of the company. Joining 
with me today on our call is the management, Mr. Diwakar Nigam, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Varadarajan, Whole Time Director, Mr. Virender Jeet, CEO, Mr. Arun Kumar 
Gupta, CFO. 
Before we move on to the discussion, let me highlight that this call may contain certain forward-
looking statements concerning Newgen's future business prospects and profitability, which are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the actual results could materially vary from 
the forward-looking statements. 
Past performance may not be indicative of the future performance. The company does not 
undertake to make any announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements become 
materially incorrect, or update any forward-looking statements made from time-to-time by or on 
behalf of the company. For further details, you may please refer to the Investor Relations section 
of our website. 
I will now hand over to Mr. Nigam for presentation of the results, which will be followed by 
Q&A by Mr. Jeet. 
Diwakar Nigam: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q4 results call. It is a happy 
moment for us at Newgen as we crossed the INR1,000 crores milestone to total income in this 
financial year. We witnessed a growth of 25% in revenue over last year. The growth was 
primarily driven by our traditional markets with India growing at 41%, followed by EMEA at 
28%, APAC at 17%, and US at 10%. We have made significant progress as an organization and 
delivered strong performance across all key business metrics during the financial year. 
Expansion of subscription revenue. While accomplishing the growth in the revenue, we 
continued with our smooth transition from license to subscription revenues. Our subscription 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
revenues have now reached INR323 crores. This revenue stream is predictable and recurring in 
nature and grew faster than the overall revenue growth rate of the organization at 31% Y-o-Y. 
This comprised 33% of share of our total revenue. 
Growing large customer base, our solutions today are driving deeper penetration into our 
customer base. We have been seeing an increasing trend of average ticket size per customer. Of 
the 520-odd active customers today, 51 customers had a billing in excess of INR5 crores for the 
year compared to 38 last year. At the same time, we continue to maintain low level of client 
complaints. 
Moving to updates on our offerings and opportunities. Innovation is at the core of Newgen, and 
we continue to invest 10% of our revenues on various R&D initiatives. We are excited to see 
that our innovative offerings are well positioned to tap the large market opportunity for 
automation at scale by enterprise. 
With the new version of NewgenONE, we are enabling our customers to achieve their digital 
goals and automate their operation at scale. Our platform is ideally suited to achieve enterprise 
goal of revenue enhancement, increased productivity and optimization of costs and business 
operation and team collaboration. It helps businesses deliver exceptional customer experience, 
achieve operational excellence and drive continued innovation. 
The solutions are so quick to implement and very cost effective. NewgenONE is backed by 
cloud-native, multipersona AI/ML data sciences platform for enhancement of document 
classification and extraction capabilities, integrated process and robotic process automation 
capabilities. And it strengthens DevOps for easy application deployment and update. Newgen's 
RPA compliments the low-code application development capabilities and is expected to further 
empower our customers to achieve end-to-end process automation. 
Our trade finance solution is taking us deeper into the banking and financial services vertical, 
opening up opportunities for larger deal sizes. We are now targeting larger size banks and 
financial institutions across the globe. We are thrilled to be recognized as a leader by various 
reputed industry analysts across segments. During the quarter, we have been recognized as a 
leader in the Forrester Wave content platform report. We believe this recognition validates our 
dedication to empowering business with cutting-edge solutions as we remain at the forefront of 
content management innovation. NewgenONE has been also acknowledged as a strong 
performer in the Forrester Wave RPA report. 
On the operational front, the year marked prioritization of initiatives aimed at enhancing 
employee engagement, talent management, and capability building. Our focus has been on 
fostering culture of inclusion, promoting diversity, investing in learning and development and 
empowering our employees. We believe that by investing in the growth and development of our 
employees, we can enhance their skills, knowledge and capabilities, while also driving the 
retention of top talent. This is a feature for driving our long-term growth. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
On the sales and marketing front, we are continuously working on building our direct sales 
channel, along with the focused alliances with our partners, especially the system integrators. 
To expand our market, we have been participating in and hosting multiple face-to-face events 
across the globe. We also hosted customer meets across Delhi, Mumbai and Dubai for our 
customers during the year. 
We continue to work towards strengthening our relationship with the GSI. We are driving joint 
sales and marketing activities and campaigns as well as joint solution development with our 
partner. We have recently entered into a strategic partnership with Mambu, a leading cloud 
banking platform based in Amsterdam, and Sopra Banking Software of Europe to expand our 
geographic business. 
On profits and margins, we delivered healthy margins during the year. Our EBITDA was stable 
at INR212 crores, resulting in a margin of 22%. And profit after tax was INR176 crores, leading 
to net margin of 18%. During the year, apart from investing 10% of our revenues and R&D 
initiatives, the company invested 22% of revenues on various sales and marketing initiatives. 
Our balance sheet is strengthening with every quarter. We have a strong network, no debt on our 
book, and a healthy cash and bank balance, enhancing our financial stability. 
Our net cash generated from operating activities during the year was at INR136 crores. Our net 
trade receivables were INR388 crores at the end of March, which resulted in net DSO of 145 
days.  
In Q4, our revenues were at INR305 crores with a growth of 32% Y-o-Y. This is the first quarter 
for us where we crossed the revenue milestone of INR300 crores. We witnessed acceleration in 
business from customers, especially in US and India region during the quarter. 
As we close this financial year, we are excited for the year ahead as we believe there are huge 
opportunities for automation at scale in enterprises, especially in banking and financial services 
domain. Newgen continues to empower enterprises towards a more holistic or enterprise-wide 
automation, which is built for change. This is essential towards building a sustainable 
organization for the future. This would, in turn, ensure faster time to market, minimization of 
cost, and superior customer experience, all building blocks of the organization of the market. 
We are very fit to take this journey with our cutting-edge products, focused on innovation, skilled 
team and deeper customer relationships across the globe. We are now open to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Hi Mr. Nigam, Virender and the rest of the team. Congrats on a very strong trend. A couple of 
questions. You have shown good traction this quarter. But in light of the systemic banking crisis 
that the US is subject to today, is there a risk to our pipeline per se? What's the sense from your 
current conversations? 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
And secondly, our go-to-market success in the US this quarter, was that courtesy our system 
integration partners, or was it courtesy our organic initiatives? What's your sense of traction in 
the geography per se except banking? 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you, Sarkar. And I think for the US, as you currently understand, our business is pretty 
diversified in geos. And the presence for us, in US, is in accounts which are typically in financial 
services and some large enterprise coming from GSIs. 
Today, we don't see any risk in terms of our pipeline on that. Probably, we don't have the same 
concerns as the larger GSIs, because I believe that most of our business is still growing from 
licenses, and which are -- opportunities have generated on both sides in terms of when people 
are looking at efficiency and reduction of costs, our platform plays a very important play, as well 
as when we are looking at growth and scaling up. 
So in that case, I don't see a substantial risk right now. And I think it's not visible for us from the 
accounts we are dealing with. What has happened in last quarter, I think we have closed some 
deals organically from our banking side. But also, we got some support from the GSI deals, 
especially from the existing accounts, which we have already acquired over previous quarters. 
For the year, since we are resetting the US strategy in terms of some amount of shifts from our 
traditional banking accounts to slightly larger accounts, I think some amount of early wins have 
started coming in, but it's still a long way to go before we are completely out of the woods out 
there. But if US has started contributing towards growth, that's what we are happy. At the year-
end, it was still a significant two-digit growth. However, first two quarters was not really good 
in the US. So going further for the next year, as of now, we don't see any systematic risk or any 
risk in terms of recession or any other thing from account [inaudible 0:14:21]. Did I answer your 
question? 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Yes, it does, Virender. On the same line, the Middle East, one really understands the correlation 
between energy prices and growth investments. Do you reckon we can continue with this 
momentum, or would you caution saying that this is a cyclical high just given the commodity 
prices have been and it will be difficult for us to kind of repeat this kind of performance. Your 
sense of the Middle East business? 
Virender Jeet: 
So it's not cyclic in a way. But what we have always cautioned about Middle East that the 
market's behaviour changes when oil hits very extreme low levels. More in a moderate climate, 
even oil going up to $50, $60 or so, I don't think there's any impact on our business. And so I 
think there's two parts of this Middle East business. 
I think though it is an oil-based economy, but now as many countries are trying to release their 
economies from oil, there's a lot of economic activity happening in territories like Oman, Saudi 
has been a great territory, even UAE. So I don't see anything which would bring substantial 
change in the whole scenario in the market. So what we have delivered over the last two years, 
three years in Middle East, I don't see any reason why we should not continue the growth 
momentum this year out. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Right. That's helpful, Virender. So given where your pipeline and conversation is, you reckon 
you're on course for a 20%, 25% kind of growth this year as well for your overall business? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, we don't give guidance, and I think that's a standard answer you guys are used to. But what 
I'm saying is, I think we have a historical kind of going about 20%. And what we have aimed 
for the last two years, three years is to accelerate that growth rate. Somewhat of that acceleration 
has come in last year. And as of now, if all things remain the same, we think that we can continue 
the growth momentum going next year. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. The last question before I get in, gentlemen. Your payout this year relative to your cash 
flows has been rather muted. So what are the broad thoughts on that? There's a cash pile that's 
increasing. I don't think we are of the DNA that will make aggressive M&A. So what's the long-
term plan on your cash build-up and your distribution to stakeholders? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think we are following the policy of a dividend payout we have maintained over last year, 
which is a kind of a percentage of what we make as PAT. And of course, you are right, we are 
generating a bit of cash. And so far, we have not deployed it for any other purpose. But the 
organization's whole purpose is to invest for growth. 
And we are aggressively looking at opportunities, both on organic side and inorganic side, for 
that growth. I think it will take us at least a few more quarters to come up with a reset policy, 
either on dividend or looking at how do we deploy that cash. So till that time, we'll have to be a 
little bit patient on that. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
So look forward, gentlemen. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mihir from Carnelian Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mihir: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for giving the opportunity. And congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
Largely, I wanted to understand the traction on the trade finance side of the piece. I mean, how 
are you seeing the traction on the trade finance platform given the deal sizes are slightly larger 
here? And also wanted to understand in this context, I mean, you mentioned that you are moving 
from traditional banking to larger accounts in the US. So I mean, given the fact that -- how are 
we looking at trade finance platform plus this comment that you made upon? And how is the 
organic sales channel specifically panning out in the US? So that was my first question. 
And second question was on the GSI. I mean, how is the traction now in GSI? If you can quantify 
the number of deals won this particular quarter and for full year? And how is that compared to 
last year? And how do you see traction here building up? So those are the questions. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks, Mihir. And let me try to answer, and number one -- remind me if I miss something. So 
I think you're right absolutely on the trade finance. We did this -- it has been almost like 1.5 
years since we hit the market with this, and we are finding substantial traction in the market. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
And the traction so far what we are converting is predominantly in Middle East and India. That's 
the market we are really going to focus on. Having said that, we do sense an amount of interest 
coming from US and other markets as well. But right now, I think if you ask from a business 
planning perspective, we have closed some significant deals in these markets, some marquee 
accounts, I think, which we'll be very proud of once we announce, once we have the permissions 
to announce. 
And going this year, we have actually seven more deals across these geos for trade finance, 
which should help our software in growth as the deals are substantial in size. But as you know, 
these are projections and I think we'll have to wait for actual results to come in. 
For the US, we have seen interest on trade finance, but I would be slightly cautious in terms of 
we don't have a real go-to-market strategy built around trade finance right now. We are still 
focusing on moving up the value chain on accounts which are slightly bigger than $20 billion 
on banking side and try to sell our traditional products, which has been typically in the lending 
side, both on commercial as well as retail, as well as there's an opportunity of looking at our 
platform sales with ECM and BPM and low-code platform what we are trying to sell. That's the 
market we are focusing on. 
Out there, we have started seeing early signs. Last quarter also, we closed a few deals on that 
front. So we are saying that strategy probably is going to show some kind of returns in coming 
months and coming quarters. On the GSI traction side, as we have shared, the GSI momentum 
in the business, it has added-value, but has not added-value at the speed we've expected. Having 
said that, as Mr. Nigam said, we have formed new relationships and new alliances with a lot of 
other companies and other product-based companies which are adding to the funnel side. 
We did close around three deals, if I'm right. I mean, I'll be sure about the number in this quarter, 
which are our new deals. But also, we are able to get substantial deals from the existing accounts 
which were closed previously. Compared to last year, the number of new logos acquired from 
GSI, the number is not significantly very high, but on the revenue realization from those 
accounts, we are at a much better position. So Mihir, I will stop here. Does that answer your 
question? 
Mihir: 
Yes, sure. That's really helpful. And lastly, on the margin side, I mean, given the fact that we 
saw a margin recovery happening in 4Q. Yes, 4Q is a seasonal quarter. But how should we see 
FY '24, FY '25 going ahead, given the fact that there is like a 300 basis points kind of a decline 
at least on a Y-o-Y basis for FY '23? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So Mihir, I think, as you see that, in the last year, the margins have not been what it has 
been in the previous year because the previous year cost base was not realistic. And last year, 
for the whole of industry, the manpower costs have been revised substantially, and that has been 
the predominant cost base growth. 
Also, what has happened is our travel restoration as well as the operating expenses of -- I mean, 
almost 99% of our workforce has in some way started coming back to office, whether on part-

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
time or on full-time basis. So on operational, this is a new cost base. And we had set up a target 
of being around 18% of net margin and around 21% to 20% of EBITDA. I think we are very 
close to that. 
Going this year, we are still looking at this year as our growth here. So we'll continue to invest 
aggressively in both sales and marketing side and our building capacity for that growth. A lot of 
manpower costs which have been incurred last year will also have an impact this year. So I think 
we should be able to maintain these margin levels for this year and then really have a bit more 
base for growth. 
Mihir: 
Sure, yes. That’s it from my side. Thank you very much. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. Just wanted to understand how the competitive landscape is emerging, 
especially in your traditional markets? And also in the US, given that the larger companies are 
seeing some sort of pressure or some sort of slowdown in their revenue growth. So is there any 
sort of pricing pressure that you are facing? So how is the competitor scenario emerging now? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. Thanks, Harsh. Regarding competition, I think for our core product categories, I think the 
competition is pretty standard. And those are -- typically, if you look at the Gartners and 
Forrester quadrants, you will see all the needs out there. Predominantly, they play in all the 
markets. Beyond that, for our vertical products, what we do in lending, what we do in origination, 
or what we do in trade, there are different set of each activity, what we call vertical banking 
products. Those are the competition. 
One of the important developments which has happened is on the core product category, which 
is ECM, where we have also been rated as the leader by Forrester and S&P. There has been lot 
of consolidation. And in fact, now we do only see two or three key players emerging in the 
market. And we think that should help us in terms of if there's a modernization of content 
management, we should be able to make more inroads. 
On the larger what's happening in US and companies, since our revenues are diversified across 
these territories, we are not seeing the same impact or we don't have the same insight into what's 
happening with larger companies in the US. And we are growing fast, but on the revenue side, 
some of the problems of larger companies are from the base accounts, which we are sitting in, 
probably typically in Tier 1 in US and Europe, and that's where we are seeing the pains. 
For us so far, we are not seeing that coming into our -- but I think as the next few quarters show, 
I think more clarity will come in. We have a very extremely healthy funnel for the next year. 
Our order books have improved beyond the revenue numbers we have done. So we are quite 
confident we should be able to have a good year. But environmental conditions can be very acute 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
these days, and we saw that a couple of years back. So we have to keep our fingers crossed until 
actual things happen. 
Harsh Shah: 
Thank you. And if I have to talk about our growth potential for next three years to five years, 
how do you expect the growth to come? Will it be largely from more client addition, or will it 
be more from increasing the revenue per client? How will that pan out? 
Virender Jeet: 
So as a software product company, our aspiration is to be a $500 million and a $1 billion 
company. And that aspiration is based on that there's an unlimited market potential for the 
product categories we play in. And what we are thinking that our penetration in mature markets 
is going to give that potential raise in size. Having said that, we have seen enough growth coming 
in emerging markets over the last three years, four years. We have been growing, and there have 
been multiple drivers for that growth as they are adopting technology. So I'm very excited that 
next four years, five years, we are designed to grow at a much higher speed than our traditional 
growth rates. 
The growth is coming predominantly from two factors, you've said right. One is, I think as a 
product company, net client addition is important. We are pivoting towards slightly larger deals. 
So our ability to add roughly around 15 new logos in terms of which are the new names is the 
run rate we're working on. We do expect to improve that in the next two years, three years. But 
on average deal sizes, as we are shifting to larger accounts, that is improving, as well as ability 
to mine from existing customers as our solution stack becomes broad, we are able to do. So per 
account realization is improving, average deal sizes are improving, but acquiring new logos is 
very essential to building long term the tail for the business. Does that answer your question, 
Harsh? 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes, certainly. Thank you, sir. I’m wishing you all the best. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag from Ashika. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Yes. Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. In your opening 
remarks, you mentioned that we are targeting large banking and financial groups. So I would 
like to understand what strategy we are following to tap such large corporates? 
And second, on logo addition front, the net logo count compared to previous years is relatively 
on lower side. So what strategies are there to increase the momentum in terms of logo addition? 
Yes, I would like to know these two questions. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks, Chirag. So Chirag, when I said, our ability to -- we are trying to shift. So initially, our 
banking in US was focused on typically banks which were somewhere in say sizes of $1 billion 
to all the way up to $20 billion. We have slightly pivoted and started focusing typically on banks 
which are at least $10 billion or more, upwards all the way up to $50 billion to $100 billion. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
And what we have seen is as we have been able to garner some more support in terms of 
reference ability in US and our solutions have become more mature, we have seen we are able 
to enter those accounts. We are still not talking to Tier 1 banks. We are still talking about mid-
level Tier 2 banks rather than Tier 3 banks and that. That's what I meant in that US banking. And 
we already have responsibility in that market. We have got early wins. Even this quarter, we 
closed some deals out there. So we think that's going on as per plan. 
On the logo side, you're absolutely right. I think at one time, we have moved over the last four 
years, five years from around 60 logos, 70 logos to around 50 logos. That's also to do with a lot 
of smaller account deals, which we were initially pursuing as through channel partners or 
through in terms of direct sales. We have slightly moved away from that market and looking at 
lifetime value of those customers have not been in our favour. So we have slightly pivoted. And 
the acceleration over the next two years, three years will come from more markets where entered. 
Our Australia has started showing results. Our UK subsidiary has started winning logos. And 
US, as soon as we stabilize our strategy in banking, we should see the acceleration in logos. 
Having said that, our traditional markets are driving the growth right now. India, Middle East 
and APAC also have huge potential. We are actively looking at how do we diversify to more 
adjacent verticals, which can grow for us. And I think over the time, we'll see that there is going 
to be an acceleration in number of logo acquisitions. Does that answer your question, Chirag? 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Yes, sir. Sir, one follow-up question. You mentioned that we are targeting new geographies for 
logo addition. So the new geographies have similar size of deals which we're targeting to the 
existing geography? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, Chirag. I think the new geographies are typically the mature markets. So we expect the deal 
sizes to be same or better. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay. All the very best, sir. Thank you. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you, Chirag. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurabh Sadhwani from Sahasrar Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Hello everyone. So I have two questions. First one, given the macroeconomic situation, that the 
free money has stopped and the EBITDA negative nature of the business of our peers, are we 
seeing any passiveness in bidding by them and have we been able to take advantage of that? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. Saurabh, thanks for the question. Saurabh, I think the business, most of the conversation 
what we hear about Indian IT and the economics is typically from service companies angle and 
I think predominantly driven by the Tier 1, Tier 2 companies, which operate at a very different 
size and ratios. So we are not very sure about how to answer that question because we are slightly 
not in that business. We are still in the business of acquiring accounts and being in terms of what 
we call a hi-tech sale or what we call serious enterprise sale. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
In terms of right now, what we have seen traditionally before the COVID, before the demand 
cycle really went down the route, we really felt that the GSI ecosystem was more hungry for 
these, and they were fighting for these more aggressively in the market. So what I sense is if 
there's going to be a tightening of probably the economic situation, we will see more-and-more 
hunger coming in GSIs to go and approach customers and these. 
And that happens in some -- and in that case, we are looking at that, that should help our costs, 
what we have built in terms of investments along with that [inaudible 0:32:03]. Other company 
is in a downturn, I think every company is more hungry for business. I don't think there is any 
lack of competition. So I think there's going to be a more heightened competition in terms of -- 
if there's a slightly downward economic side. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Okay. And the second question was related to a simple business clarity that I wanted to 
understand. Our Product Division's products are built in India. And given the labour arbitrage 
that we have, do we make our products at a lower cost compared to given? So all else equal, we 
should be always winning on pricing, right? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. Saurabh, you are absolutely right. I think there is a 6%, 7% advantage on R&D costs. The 
same R&D, if it was supposed to be done in the US, the cost would have been roughly maybe 
20% of the revenue or 22% of the revenue. So there is a cost advantage, you're able to do. With 
lesser costs, you're able to do and more. So you have an inherent advantage of doing things. But 
then I think that advantage that gets balanced by the size of some of our peers. 
Generally, we are fighting much larger companies. So they have much larger budgets at the size 
they are in terms of R&D. So I think the whole cost side of arbitrage is that the advantage to at 
least compete out there. And the cost of developing R&D does not translate into cost of the 
product. Cost of the product is the market reality, the benefit we've transferred to the customer. 
So pricing the products are benchmarked towards how the market determines. So there's no 
direct correlation. What you're saying is true more directly related to services. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Okay. Thank you. That’s all. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Bahety from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. And congratulations for good set of numbers 
and superb execution. I have a couple of questions. First one is, just wanted to check that our 
GSI strategy particularly, the way the things are shaping up, like last two years, three years, we 
are trying to get inroads with our GSI partners. So just wanted to understand, is there something 
not clicking or something which is leading to a delay in terms of getting the traction on GSI 
strategy? So if you can give some more colour on that, that will be helpful? 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Manoj, thanks. And you're absolutely right, last two years, three years we've been building on 
this GSI strategy. And I think we're very lucky to get some extremely good early wins, which 
really established both recall of Newgen within the GSI mind share, and also have relation to 
other GSIs. See, in terms of success or failure of GSI is determined by the ambition we have 
around that. We do get a lot of business with GSIs. I think in fact, 20% of the revenues today 
are driven by partners. And we have some amount of marquee wins every year with GSIs. 
What we expect this to drive the next phase of big growth in mature markets for us. Out there 
we haven't really reached a number where we could say that, hey, it is a little delta of 5% or 10% 
lower revenue. So it is all adding up, but not at the speed we desire. Having said that, I think we 
have looked at that strategy. While we continue what we are doing out there, we have expanded 
the ecosystem. We have looked at pairing partners out there. We also look at ecosystems beyond 
GSI, which is the product Mr. Nigam talked about some of the relationships what we are trying 
to build with Sopra or Mambu or any other company. 
So we're expanding. The reality for a product company is that their next stage of growth does 
come from the partner ecosystem, what we call a GSI other thing. I'm very sure our company 
will continue to perform great and grow as the markets which we are operating in right now have 
huge potential and upside for our kind of products. But I'm very sure that for our $500 million 
and $1 billion achievement target, the GSI and the partner ecosystem strategy has to fire. And it 
may take one year, two years, three years, five years, but we'll be on it till it fires. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Just further on this, like when you enter into a partnership with a GSI, I'm sure that GSI must be 
dealing with your competitor's product or they may have other competitive products. So just 
wanted to understand that vis-a-vis their existing products, what kind of -- or in terms of our 
offering vis-a-vis their existing product, generally is it a cost factor which plays big 
consideration, or is it something else? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So Manoj, I think that this is typically a very, very large question and a very large answer. 
But I'll try to summarize. So what is happening in any product company? I think we've become 
very good in certain areas of our operation. Today, Newgen, for any content-based process 
automation or any automation which needs scale in terms of when you're doing hundreds of 
processes, we are probably the best product in the market. Now the whole world may not know 
it. But some of these GSIs do know it because they have done this work with us for multiple 
customers in different geos. So they understand our positioning. 
Having said that, they also have in their portfolio other products. So one is that GSIs do 
understand the value we bring in, and that value is in terms of the coverage of our product, the 
value is in terms of flexibility which we exhibit as we have a closer relationship with them. But 
also as a company, it is finally our goal to sell to the end customers. So we have to influence the 
end customers. That's about our brand, that's about our presence in Gartner and Forrester. That's 
about our size of business. 
So it has to work on both sides. While we work with GSIs, show the unique value prop we 
provide them, show them the advantage of cost and flexibility, but also, we have to work with 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
the end customers in terms of that there is a customer willing to buy my product. So most of the 
products are not sold by the GSIs. It's also the customer has a big play in 70% of the cases what 
product they choose. The issue is, if they choose me, then do they think that there is a trained 
GSI ecosystem which has an implementation capability to implement that. So that's what we 
cover with GSIs. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Right. That's helpful. And I have one last question. If you can touch briefly on operating margin, 
because what I understand, our kind of business has a scope of big operating leverage. And as 
you mentioned in one of the questions earlier that right now your emphasis will be growth rather 
than expanding margins, but in terms of operating leverage, how do you think that after what 
level, what scale, operating leverage will start kicking in and we will start seeing good expansion 
in margins along with top line growth? 
Virender Jeet: 
So the question is, we are already sitting at decent margins. And I think, yes, product companies 
generally can generate much higher margins as our gross margin position is much better. I think 
we do generate around more than 64% of gross margin, and roughly around 50% of our revenue 
has no direct cost associated with that, which is our license, subscription, ATS. But also you 
have to understand, for product companies to exist and survive, we have to continuously invest 
in R&D and sales and marketing. 
Now the global benchmarks for the product companies are much higher than what we invest in 
today, because we got some amount of operating leverage because the cost base is in India. So 
as I said, our bias is for growth and to maintain healthy margin. But naturally, once you become 
a very sizable company, and sizable companies, we have seen roughly around $400 million and 
above companies. And if they become on slower growth trajectories, they have to keep on 
expanding margins for many, many years. So I think our ability to generate net margin of 
somewhere between 18% to 20% is what we think right now is feasible for the next two years, 
three years and then investing everything else on growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Manoj, sorry to interrupt you. I request you to join the queue again for a follow-up 
question. The next question is from the line of Devang Bhatt from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a good set of numbers. So one of your GSIs 
highlighted that low-code and no-code is gaining traction. So are you seeing such increased 
traction in major markets in the current scenario? 
Virender Jeet; 
So I think we are very -- see, I think we have a methodology over the last 20 years of pushing 
low-code, no-code. And I think we have come through different names, which is BPM, iBPS, 
low-code, no-code, hyper automation. These are all categories of the same name. There's a huge 
interest in enterprises across the world that they don't want to take the traditional engineering 
methods for building their apps. They want the low-code method. So that way there's an interest. 
Having said that, in terms that interest is also very horizontal. 
So every customer, every application has to be low code. So that's a huge market opportunity 
across the globe. And we are very, very excited about helping customers in that automation side. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So we are seeing interest in a lot of RFPs coming on low code across market. It's not only US 
market, but also other markets. And we are really strongly pushing our strategy on low-code and 
hyper automation to be one of the core product players in that space. 
Devang Bhatt: 
So a follow-up is that, will you be able to see a higher US growth in this year because of this? 
And will you be able to sustain the Q4 kind of margins that you have seen this quarter? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think that as part of what we sell, all things we sell are based on low-code strategy. So 
I don't think there is any different thing out there. We do expect that as soon as in the downturn 
and the cost optimization projects come, there's renewed interest in automation. And automation 
is low code based automation because we don't want to have very, very long projects. So there 
is an interest. Now I think we'll have to wait for how the market unfolds in those opportunities 
and how many opportunities a GSI can take us out there and how many can we generate on our 
own. So that's about low code. Sorry, what was your second question? 
Devang Bhatt: 
Just a bookkeeping, like in your tax rate, it has been lower around 19%. So will you be able to 
sustain this kind of tax rate in FY '24? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think on the tax rate, we are fine for next one year, two years or so because we are still 
under the SEC rules for many of our revenue. On the Q4 margin, I think you should also 
understand that we are still -- since there's a large percentage of our revenue which is license 
based, there's a sequential revenue growth from Q1 to Q4. Q4 and Q3 being the largest quarter 
for us. So the margin positions in the cost are very flat. Generally, you have very substantially 
large margins in Q4. But on Q1, Q2, you will have little margins, and then Q3, Q4 margins will 
be like that. So having said that, we should be able to sustain the overall margins for that, yes. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Sir, my question was more related to the US Q4 margin, because we have seen some dip and 
then improvement in US. So that margin... 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, I would say, we have still smaller revenue size to look at segment margins. I would still 
focus as a company on the overall margin, because in segment margins, a lot of our cost is 
attributed cost because we operate out of India. Predominantly, all the services are provided to 
that. So if the top line growth is high in US, the margins will be high. But I would still 
recommend that we look at the margin positions at the company level and at the annual level. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, hi. I just have one question that you talked about the partnership with Mambu and Sopra. 
Can you just explain how these are beneficial? And what are the intersection of the offering? 
And what are the complementary elements involved here? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So thanks, Rahul. So Rahul, I think what we have done is we are looking at the whole 
partner ecosystem more broadly in terms of finding what are the complementing products and 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
go-to-market strategies. So these are typically, these are both to do with banking. So while in 
Sopra we are working on the digital lending side, how we can sell our digital lending product in 
Europe and adjacent areas, because Sopra is very strong in those markets and that's our alliance. 
And Mambu, I think this is a core banking product, basically more for digital banks. Again, we 
are looking at how to extend beyond core banking, more structured loan products, enterprise 
content management, customer communication management products with them. So both these 
things, we are in the early stages. And I think with Mambu, we have some successes in the 
market. We're also working quickly to have some more success on the Sopra side. 
Rahul Jain: 
So specifically, let's say, for example, for Sopra, don't they have their lending solution as of 
now? 
Virender Jeet: 
So what we have as a product in lending, which is a low code based lending platform 
configurable, I think we have found that to be more attractive, what they can carry to their larger 
customer base. They have other product categories, and it complements their offering. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. And in this kind of a go-to-market arrangement, where they are also primarily a software 
business. So are they going to sell on their own, or this is also through their partnership 
eventually being sold by SI and how the revenue share would come in case they generate these 
leads for us? 
Virender Jeet: 
So see, they have got a huge customer base across those places. They are looking at their 
customer base and their prospect base. So that's a direct sales for them and we are selling jointly 
along with them. Wherever we are selling, we are looking at net to Newgen revenues. And 
finally, the net to Newgen revenues is what predominantly is either list price or somewhere 
around 35%-minus list price. So in our books, it's always net to Newgen. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. And how do we define the market in terms of what is targeted through this channel versus 
what is targeted directly and what is targeted through SI in these markets? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think it's a much more detailed discussion.. Basically, we follow named  account strategy. 
In all our markets, we have set up target accounts and some target verticals where we have six, 
seven offerings, which we want to take through as enterprise sales. 
With the GSI, we focus on more horizontal products, enterprise content management, 
replacement, modernization, low code offering, where they can go to any vertical, because they 
have the knowledge of other verticals. With alliances like Sopra, Mambu, it's around adding 
capabilities to their overall go-to-market strategy they're offering. So we are predominantly 
adding our content management and lending capabilities to their product offering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and sorry to interrupt you, sir. I'll request you to join the queue again for a follow-up 
question. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Bhatia from AUM Fund Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Hello. Can you just throw light on the increase in DSO days to 145 days in the current quarter? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So yes, it has increased over the last year. So generally, what happens, our year-end DSOs 
are very high. As I said, a lot of billing happens towards the later part of the year. And that's the 
lopsided nature of our business where we do license sales. We have done roughly around more 
than INR350 crores of billing. And predominantly, the last month would be a significant part of 
that billing. That does affect the DSO. So our billing has grown at much higher speed than our 
revenues. So there is much higher DSO. 
Having said that, we have optimized it from a very large number, and we are targeting that to be 
around 120 is the right number and safe number to be around like and then look at optimization 
beyond that. I think in some markets like EMEA and India, we are slightly higher that number, 
that's pushing it up. But in APAC and US, we are at much lower number. So I think, again, our 
endeavor is going to keep on bringing it down to a number of 120 and then. So it's going to be 
generally for the next three quarters, it's going to be a much smaller number. But as an annual 
number, we are targeting that at the year-end it should be less than 100. 
Dhruv Bhatia: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jiten Parmar from Aurum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Yes. Most of my questions are answered. I have only one question, more of, what do you think 
is the threat of AI and basically the way things are moving in that particular domain? So if you 
can throw some colour on that, will it be beneficial for us or it could be some threat? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, Jiten, it's a million dollar question. And I think everybody is -- I have a personal opinion 
on it. I don't know the official -- but I think when you look at any disruption in technology, 
significant technology disruptions like cloud, mobility,, we have always seen that it helps for the 
companies because they end up leveraging that technology faster than the market and then 
creating more products and services around using that technology. 
So the recent -- what has happened over the last four months in the generative AI, we think that 
shows up a lot of opportunities for us in content services, in search optimization, in content 
generation, so there are a lot of areas for us on the table as an opportunity next three years, four 
years. So I believe that the speed by which we can innovate over the next three quarters, four 
quarters is going to determine whether we lag or whether we can ride this. 
But there are other wide implications of generative AI which will happen over the next three 
years, four years in the markets around augmenting capability for engineers, being able to do 
much more faster work. I think those should be much more operational benefits which we can 
get. I think some amount of challenges which the IT industry is looking at generative AI is more 
from the services nature in terms of when you are deploying hundreds and thousands of people 
to do some routine jobs. Fortunately, we are not in that business. We're still in the business of 
innovation. And if generative AI can help our innovation cycle, I think we should be very happy 
with that. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Jiten Parmar: 
Great. Thank you. That’s the only question I had. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as our last question. I will now hand 
the conference over to Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh for closing comments. 
Deepti Chugh: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining us on the call. For any further questions, you can 
connect with me or you can go to our website. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Newgen Software Technologies Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
