No. RITES/SECY/NSE 
Date: February 17, 2023 
To: 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G, Bandra - 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
To: 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, Rotunda Building,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code- RITES 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Conference Call held to 
discuss Financial Results for quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2022 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
 
Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Conference call with analysts and investors 
held on Friday, February 10, 2023 to discuss the Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2022. 
 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RITES Limited 
 
 
 
 
Joshit Ranjan Sikidar  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A32442 
 
JOSHIT 
RANJAN 
SIKIDAR
Digitally signed by JOSHIT RANJAN 
SIKIDAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=82de975feed69cf146afd19
8f1e78f448f53e082b3a8f87756159446c8
b4a6d2, postalCode=122018, 
st=HARYANA, 
serialNumber=a7341c8b3a94730d7515b
a384a665f07065667e10e81397c7fa15b9
5b3985d59, cn=JOSHIT RANJAN SIKIDAR 
Date: 2023.02.17 21:32:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
  
“RITES Limited 
. Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2023 
 
       
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL MITHAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – RITES LIMITED 
MR. B.P NAYAK – DIRECTOR FINANCE – RITES 
LIMITED 
MR. A.K SINGH – DIRECTOR PROJECTS – RITES 
LIMITED 
MR. JOSHIT SIKIDAR – COMPANY SECRETARY – RITES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the RITES Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participle lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities Private Limited. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you Seema. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you all 
for the Q3 FY '23 and 9-month FY '23 conference call of RITES Limited. I take this opportunity 
to the management of RITES Limited represented; Shri Rahul Mithal, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Shri BP Nayak, Director Finance; Shri AK Singh, Director Projects; and Shri Joshit 
Sikidar, Company Secretary. We will begin the call with a brief overview by the management 
followed by a Q&A session.  
Now I’ll handover the call to Mr. Rahul for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Good morning, everybody. Before I start, let me start with the safe harbor statement. The 
presentation, which we uploaded on our website yesterday and discussions during the call today 
may have some forward-looking statements. These statements are considering the environment 
we see as of today and obviously, carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual 
results could be different, and we do not undertake to update those statements periodically. 
Let me give you a brief overview as my opening remarks on the performance of Q3. We must 
say that we at RITES have delivered what we promised in spite of the challenges of order book 
and a contribution by the export segment, which as I have been mentioning in my past 
interactions, that all our efforts are on to get fresh orders, but in spite of that, the USP of the 
company came forth again that all the other 3 streams of revenue, the consultancy segment year-
on-year, there was a growth of 16%. Turnkey segment of revenue more than doubled i.e. 115%, 
.the leasing increased by 10%. And because of selectively targeting the key orders and key 
projects, you could see a core EBITDA margin increase from 23% to 26% and a PAT margin 
increased from 18% to 20%.  
So the core strength of consultancy as well as the USP of being able to balance on quarter-to-
quarter between my various streams of revenue to give my shareholders and my stakeholders 
the best, we continued on that trend. But with those opening remarks, I leave the floor open. 
Moderator: 
We take our first question from the line of Yash Gupta from Kingsight Advisors. 
Yash Gupta: 
First question is on the order book. How the order book is looking currently. In this quarter, we 
have increased our order book by almost INR 500 crores, but that comes from the Turnkey 
project. So Turnkey as a percentage of the order book keeps on increasing. I think in the last 2 
years, we have increased from 37% to 47%. So how the future of like next one year looks like? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
And would you like to comment any development on the export order size that we were talking 
about since last two quarters that there is some export order that we will able to achieve? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So the key point is that, yes, the order book has grown substantially, a good healthy 10% growth 
from 30th September to 31st December. As it stands now, it's INR 5,500 crores, INR 2,600 
crores in Turnkey and INR 2,500 crores in consultancy. We are very clear that we are primarily 
a consultancy company. While of consultancy, each order maybe of a smaller value as compared 
to a Turnkey order, but in terms of numbers and total cumulative value this quarter itself, we got 
a total of 65 orders, out of which about 60-plus orders are consultancy orders. And all those 65 
have added up to INR 1,200 crores.  
So going forward also, the breakup of the order book, yes, a larger percentage would be in 
Turnkey because Turnkey projects take about 3 to 4 years to get executed. So they have to have 
a larger percentage of the order book. But in terms of revenue mix, what we have been saying 
that consultancy would always be aimed to be 50% plus, that would continue and that we are 
close to that trend.  
As of now, we are at about 46%-47%. The skew is only because the export contribution has been 
down in this quarter in the revenue segment -- revenue contribution. That is why you see a larger 
contribution by the Turnkey segment. But moving forward, as it even out, the consultancy would 
remain at 50% plus. 
Specifically about export orders, yes, we have now across prospective clients, whether on a 
bidding stage or in terms of negotiation stage and finalizing the orders? Yes, we have been trying 
for last 2, 3 quarters, and we are now at quite advanced stages across a number of prospective 
clients and we are pushing very hard to be able to convert it into a finite order.  
The trend has started. We have already opened our score, which maybe a small order of only 2 
locomotives of about INR 10 crores, for Bangladesh export. But yes, it encourages us that after 
a high test of about 2.5, 3 years, the trend has started. And I'm sure in the coming months, you 
should be able to see finite orders also. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Vishal Periwal, IDBI Capital. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sir, one question was on like there was media report some time back, which highlighted railway 
has received multiple bids for quality assurance work and the bids were at a little lower rate than 
what RITES was charging. So any qualitative aspect or qualitative comments that you can 
provide? And because despite that, the bids are coming at a lower, we could see margins have 
improved for us in this quarter. So we're just trying to correlate this to come to some sort of 
conclusion? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, you're right that a few months back, 1 or 2 months back, an order of empanelment has been 
placed for 4 agencies, the RITES is one of them for doing the QA work. And as this kicks in the 
coming months, yes, it is going to be -- you see an impact in the margins on the Q&A segment 
of revenue.  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
However, having said that; RITES, because it's been in the QA business for more than 40-plus 
years, it has got a lot of non-Indian railway clients also as part of their QA client. So our effort 
is that the coming months to minimize the impact of the IR business on QA by making goods 
from other non-IR clients. So while there -- yes, you're correct, in the coming months, you will 
temporarily see an impact on the margins in the QA stream of revenue. But I'm sure in the 
coming quarters, we are -- I thought it'll bring it back to the original levels. 
Vishal Periwal: 
So just continuing on this front. So as of now, can you say that whatever income that we have 
got, there is no impact of this particular regime change? 
Rahul Mithal: 
See, this is a transition phase. The order has just been placed and as these fresh inspection calls 
come against the new order, that you see, inspection calls are done when the product gets ready. 
So even though the inspection agencies has been fixed by the time the execution starts and the 
revenue starts coming in, it would see a gap of maybe 2, 3 months. So this is the revenue which 
you see now in Q3 and maybe part of Q4.  
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Ankur Chanwal, an Individual Investor. 
Ankur Chanwal: 
I would like to know more about REMCL and future potential of REMC. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. REMCL has been doing a good uptick in its performance. And this has primarily been 
because of the increased electrification in Indian Railways and the substantial growth in traffic. 
As you know, REMCL is a nodal agency for procurement of traction power for Indian Railways.  
So in fact, if you see, year-on-year basis, the revenue has grown up by 27%. The PAT has grown 
up by 37%, and it's a high-margin subsidiary, which gives a margin of 50% plus. So the trend of 
9 months also, if you see vis-a-vis the 9 months of last year, we are well on a growth path, it's 
about 20% growth.  
Moving forward, I see this trend to continue, as I said, because of the increased electrification 
as well as the increased traffic. Further REMCL has also been mandated as the nodal entity for 
the net zero mission of Indian Railways, a lot of initiatives are being taken under that. And I'm 
sure in the coming quarters, that will also further contribute to the growth in the revenue of 
REMCL. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
My question is this budget has increased allocation by almost INR 100 crores. So how would be 
the RITES benefited, in what areas it would be, if you can just shed some light on that? 
Rahul Mithal: 
We are very excited by this high capex budget, an all-time high of INR 10 lakh crores. And why 
we say that is because RITES is a consultancy company across all segments of Infra. So I have 
9 different verticals, doing consultancy across all possible sectors. So, you see there as a roadway 
highway allocation of INR 2.7 lakh crores, railways INR 2.4 lakh crore, which itself total 
combined to 5 lakh plus.  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Urban Infra, which is whether it is smart cities, urban development, metros, they are INR 1.1 
lakh crores, which again is a major area where we do a lot of work in city planning, in city 
mobility plans, metros, then Swachh Bharat, there's INR 12,000 crores, Jal Shakti 20,000 crores. 
All these areas, we are pitching. In fact, RITES sustainability, the vertical we started a few 
quarters back, that is targeting a lot of work in the sustainability area, whether it is solid waste 
management or clean air program.  
So not only the old conventional infrastructure sector, but even the new age areas, we are very 
well equipped and we're going to leverage this high budget grant to our advantage in a big way. 
Viraj: 
So continuing on that, I mean, can we have a 20%, 25% topline growth going forward? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I would not like to speculate. But what I have been specifying and that's our company vision and 
strategy is to target a healthy growth in the profits and the core EBITDA, maintaining a healthy 
margin. So everything else stems from that. So if you should see our trend, whether it is 9 months 
to 9 months or sequentially, we are trying to have a healthy growth in our core EBITDA, as well 
as maintaining the margin and giving a substantial dividend and benefit to our shareholders, that 
is the strategy going forward and that will continue. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Yash Gupta from Kingsight Advisors. 
Yash Gupta: 
Yes. So on Slide number 19, total number of employees and the regular employee count has 
come down in last 1 year by almost 10% as well as in the last quarter also, it has come down. So 
is the visibility of the execution is a little bit less? Or we expect like single-digit maybe growth 
in next like 1 or 2 quarters downgrading? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see our employees, we have 3 broad categories of employees. One is our regular employees, 
which is about 1,800 out of -- about 2,600. And balance about 800, 900 are people based on 
contracts for specific projects besides a few numbers and experts and advisers. So these contracts 
and project-based employees, these we tweak for better effectiveness based on the profitability 
of a particular order. So normally, we have in every project, a mix of the regular employees and 
the contractual employees. And the aim was to effectively utilize our mix. And you see that is 
why there's a year-on-year 6% employee cost reduction in the employee cost, which has helped 
me maintain my margin. So it's not about numbers per se of the employees. It's about effectively 
utilizing them to service all my orders. And that would be a continuous exercise. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Ankur Chanwal an Individual Investor. 
Ankur Chanwal:  
Sir, can you please elaborate about Israel rail joint venture? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So Ankur, we have been shortlisted as a consortium, and we will be submitting a bid. In this 
case, that's the only actual information. And if anything mature over that, we'll inform the 
exchanges. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Viraj: 
Sir, my question is on your listing your consultancy business. When I look at your presentation 
that has been performing the best. So if we set the portion of the consultancy would go up or we 
might have an increase in the volume of the continent business going forward? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So as I -- we are very clear as a company as our vision and our strategy that consultancy would 
always contribute of 50% plus in the total pie. And yes, growth would be always there, but the 
pie would grow and the share of each revenue stream would grow. But as a broad breakup, 
consultancy would always -- we are and will remain primarily a consultancy company. We are 
not primarily a construction company. And the aim would be to keep on leveraging our strength 
and consultancy across infrastructure sectors and grow on at least a minimum of 50% 
contribution from the consultancy stream of revenue. 
Viraj: 
Continuing on that any color on green consultancy business, which you mentioned in the last 
call? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, as I mentioned, our RITES sustainability has bid for a number of opportunities across states, 
including the ministry. And we have bid for them. We have recently, about 1.5 months back, we 
had an MOU with IIT Kanpur, (their sustainability department) where IIT Kanpur is now a 
technology partner for all our sustainability initiatives, whether it is clean air program, solid 
waste management, net Zero. They are our technology partners for initiative across the country. 
And I foresee this maturing into orders and revenue in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just wanted to check on this quarter. QA part, sir, what portion of your current revenue is from 
non-rail railways? And could you also give us a number for of QA in this quarter, that would be 
helpful. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. So QA, traditionally, we have about 2/3 railways broadly and the non-railway is about 1/3 
of the total contribution. This quarter, the QA revenue was INR 72 crore, which has been a good 
contribution. This includes both IR and non-IR, and I'm sure that this trend, while as I mentioned 
sometime back, that there will be a setback for a few quarters as we try and come back to honor 
more non-IR clients as we come back and take more non-railways clients. I'm sorry, the figure 
for QA revenue this quarter is INR 99 crore not Rs. 70 crore. 
Harshit Kapadia; 
Okay, sir. And just continuing with that part, how do you plan to add the non-railway portion, 
which are the sectors that you are in further can share some insight that would be helpful? 
Rahul Mithal: 
In fact, what is the interesting and the good achievement of ours is that we recently got certified 
as ISA. We are not only the only PSU, but the only second company in the country to get ISA 
certification. Now the minute we get this ISA certification, we immediately opens up a lot of 
avenues, whether it is inspection in the metro sector, it opens up areas in a number of other 
prospective clients. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
We recently have had an MoU with the Ministry of Defense for certain sectors of their’s where 
we can do the inspections. We are pushing very hard for prospective clients in the non-IR sector, 
to negate in the shortest possible time in few quarters, the impact due of IR portion of business 
opening up to 4 players.  
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from the line of Yash Gupta from Kingsight Advisors. 
Yash Gupta: 
On the quality assurance on the defense sector, the MoU, can you elaborate more on that, the 
quantum of it? And in what part of it we are working? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So you see, it is MoU, as I said, which we will have one by one. I would not like to go into 
details of the products or the areas. The broad point which I was trying to make was that we are 
tapping a number of prospective clients to increase our non-railway contribution of QA business. 
And you would see the figures coming out. As I said, right now, it's roughly about 2/3 IR and 
1/3 on a year. And the effort would be in every quarter to increase the ratio of the non-IR 
contribution, whether it is all prospective as I mentioned 1 or 2 of them. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Mudit Kabra from Elara Securities. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Recently, we had the news for the station development program of 12 stations station has an 
outlay of INR 45,000 crores. Should we know the percent scope of work rights could have or 
could achieve in this program? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. In fact, you see that is the advantage of our various teams of business Mr. Mudit. And since 
we do both portion of our revenue as Turnkey EPC and portion as consultancy, we can tap this 
opportunity in a big way. So in terms of the Turnkey contribution, we are already doing 3 major 
stations. We are doing Varanasi, we are doing Ayodhya, recently, we got the Kollam station 
order. And parallelly, we have now started targeting the PMC i.e. project management 
consultancy for the station development work. So recently, we got an order for Somnath station. 
It was on competitive bidding mode, which was a PMC for the Somanath station development. 
Again, the strength of ours that based on one particular sector itself, and as you correctly said, it 
is a very high priority sector with a lot of high budget grant allocation in that. We are targeting 
both EPC mode also in certain stations and PMC also in certain station. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis Securities. 
Uttam Kumar Srimal: 
Sir, how about capex as you have incurred in the first 9 months and in the third quarter? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see capex, the total 9 months, we have reached a figure of INR 106 crores, which is in line 
with our broad projections of about INR 125-odd crores. We are primarily a low capex company. 
A trend of capex has always been in the range of INR 100-125 crore max about INR 140-odd 
crore. And I think this trend would continue in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
On to the next question from the line of Parimal Mithani an Individual Investor. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Parimal Mithani: 
So I just wanted to know, can you elevate on the non-IR part of the business because in the last 
few calls, you've been particularly focusing on the non-IR side of the business? And how do you 
see it going forward for exactly better than you are in your core? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. In fact, as I mentioned, we have 9 different verticals. And for example, these are highway, 
buildings, metros, city planning, airports, ports and rail Infra is one of them and ports waterways, 
et cetera. You see, we are touching nearly every sector of infra. So even as you see the trend of 
recent orders which we have got in Q3 itself, that will give you a flavor of why I say that we 
have a varied presence. 
We got 65 orders totaling to about INR 1,200 crores. Now just to give you a few examples of 
orders, which will show you the wide spread. We got a building order from IT Delhi. We got a 
metro depot from in Bangalore. We got a tunnel order in Abu Road - Tarana Hill. We got leasing 
order from NTPC. We got the PMC for railway sidings across 3, 4 major players. We've got an 
order for bridges on the Farkka bridge. We got an order from Paradip port. And we've got 
recently about 10 orders in the last 1 month in highways across Northeast. So you see as I just 
mentioned a few orders across sectors. So that's what gives us the strength and that's the core 
strength of our company that we can tap all possible sectors. And we can -- as I said, we started 
with sustainability a few quarters back. So moving forward, I'm sure we're going to get orders 
in the sustainability sector also. 
Parimal Mithani:  
And sir, the revenue from this and margins to us, sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
The revenue spread across all these sectors. These are all consultancy, primarily consultancy 
order and are good margin orders. 
Moderator: 
Before we move on to the next question, a reminder to all the participants. We take the next 
question from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
I just wanted to check, sir, there has been a change in the bidding procedures for the turnkey 
construction. But the first half, we have seen a very lower amount of influence coming in. So 
how has been the competitive intensity in this turnkey construction project has been. 
Rahul Mithal: 
So you see one major change that happened in the Turnkey segment a few months back, early 
part of last year was that I went in from the cost-plus model to EPC models. And the subsequent 
tenders, which have come out in the last 8, 9, 10 months are all in the EPC mode. So we have 
been now bidding in them in the EPC mode and we're getting orders in the EPC mode. So that -
- which was there in the non-IR sector is now in IR sector also where the tenders are in EPC 
mode. 
What we have also done is that we have done very intensive monitoring of our Turnkey projects 
where always these are lower margin segment of revenue. Normally, it used to be in the range 
of about maximum 2% to 3%, if you see the margins have been -- we've been able to touch about 
4.5% margins in the Turnkey segment. So that's a constant effort by effective monitoring faster 
execution and as I mentioned some time back, effective utilization of the resources deployed 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
there, whether it is the man or material we want to pull as much possible to bring up the Turnkey 
segment margins also to an appreciable level. So Q3 margins in turnkey segment of revenue are 
as good as about 5%. If you compare year-on-year, Q3 last year was literally about 0%. If you 
compare 9 months to 9 months, the last year, it was 1.3%, and we are 4.2% now in the Turnkey 
segment. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
How is the competitive intensity now with private players also bidding at the same forum as you 
are? And secondly, is this 5% now more sustainable number or it can again revert back to 3? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So competition is tough. Yes, now it's an open field in all our segments of revenue. And that is 
a challenge and that is what we have taken it head on. But all my 4 streams of revenue in the last 
quarters have been opened up to all competitive bidding. And we are very, very well equipped 
compared to a number of sister competitors and sister companies where we have been bidding 
competitively getting orders, as you see the trend of orders. And in terms of maintaining these 
Turnkey margins in the range of 4%, 5%, it's a tough exercise, as you would appreciate, 
normally, it's very difficult to bring up turnkey margins above 2%, 3%. But our efforts would be 
on to keep it as high as possible. 
Rahul Mithal: 
We'll take the next follow-up question from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis Securities 
Uttam Kumar Srimal: 
Sir, can you give me a figure for cash and cash equivalent at the 9 months? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. Our cash as of now, I have my Director of Finance, Mr. Nayak, we have about INR 800 
crores. He'll give you more details. 
Bibhu Prasad Nayak: 
See... We have around INR 742 crores, which is the RITES fund. Besides on behalf of the clients, 
we are holding around INR 2,500 crores, which actually belongs to the client, which are the 
advances received for the project education. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sir, on our revenue guidance, I think last 2 quarters in terms of revenue, we are seeing probably 
muted numbers. So what the full year basis earlier we were targeting a double-digit kind of 
revenue growth. So how exactly are we seeing things now? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Mr. Vishal, let me again reiterate. We have been targeting a healthy growth in the PAT and the 
core EBITDA. We have never said that we are targeting a double-digit growth in the revenue. 
We are very, very clear that our taking of orders and our revenue will all stem from our core 
strategy and vision of having a healthy growth in the profits, the healthy growth in the EBITDA 
and maintaining a margin -- a steady core EBITDA margin in spite of the changed ecosystem of 
competition in all our 4 segments of revenue. 
And if you see why I'm saying this, that we are on the right track, we deliver what we promise. 
It is that in 9-month figures, if you see, we have seen a 9% growth in the PAT. We have seen a 
7% growth in the core EBITDA. Our core EBITDA margins are at about 28%. Our PAT margins 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
at 21% -- so we are on track. Our total PAT is about INR 432 crores in 9 months as against INR 
539 crores in last FY complete. 
So we are definitely on track as per our promises that we will continue to give a steady growth 
in the profit and the core EBITDA while maintaining our margins. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sure, sir. And just to continue with this. Maybe for EBITDA impact, can you seem like maybe 
like single-digit maybe high double digit? Or maybe like what project you will guide for yourself 
or maybe for the market to look at? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see, as I said, to speculate a number will not be fair. But continuously, whether you see 
sequentially, whether you see 9 months to 9 months, there has been a growth in the EBITDA 
and the profit, and we will continue to do that. Even if you see sequentially, the core EBITDA 
grew by 8%. The -- so that's what I say, a minimum. We are aiming for that kind of range. Yes, 
obviously, the aim would be to maximize it as much to reach double digit, cross double digit. 
But the aim and the continuous effort is to try and see a healthy growth in the core EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Mudit from Elara Securities. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Sir, would you throw some light on prospects from REMCL and the nodal agency for IR 
emission policy? Like apart from electrification, what other kind of projects can we get into. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. REMCL has now been mandated for last about a year, 1.5 years for the net 0 emission and 
a lot of various initiatives, various tenders and RFPs, RFQs have been floated for development 
in this area, in the RTC mode in the developer mode. And then moving forward, whether it is 
solar energy, wind energy and a combination of these, these will fructify, I'm sure, in the coming 
months. And REMCL has the nodal agency as the consultant for that initiative will definitely 
gain. 
Mudit Kabra: 
 
Sir, can I have one more question? 
Rahul Mithal: 
 
Yes, go ahead. 
Mudit Kabra: 
So like now the exports are soften, but could we have some inquiry pipeline like across 
geographies? Like are we having any inquiries? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. As I mentioned, we have bid also, we are bidding also and we are tapping the non-bidding 
LOC kind of opportunities also across countries in Southeast Asia and Africa, and the start has 
been made. We got an order, as I said, a small order for 2 locomotives, but we are tying up with 
a number of prospective clients. 
And I'm sure, yes, if you see export order by nature, take some time -- because all these countries 
have to arrange funding, whether under the line of credit mode or by the internal resources, 
whether they are Southeast Asian countries, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka or African countries, the 
Cape gauge countries. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
So they are also recovering from the economic setback of COVID, and in most of the cases, the 
negotiations are at the final stages of trying to get funding or bidding and things like that are. So 
I'm sure in the coming months, we should be able to definitely convert it into a finite order. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Prasanth Gopal from Spark Asia Impact Managers. 
Prasanth Gopal: 
Can you give some color on execution time lines or margins under Turnkey segment for IR and 
non-IR projects? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, you see Turnkey projects per se, our experience shows that it takes anything from about 3 
to 4 years. And that's the reason why even if we limit or we have been aiming and that will be a 
constant endeavor to continue to have about roughly in the range of about not more than on a 
steady basis, 25% contribution of revenue from the turnkey segment, it may vary from quarter-
to-quarter, some ups and down, on a steady basis on an average basis. 
But because these take about 3 to 4 years, they require a larger order book. And that's why if 
you see the order of the portion of the content of the order book on turnkey will always be more 
vis-a-vis consultancy. As far as margins are concerned, turnkey contracts by nature has low 
margin I mentioned sometime a little -- a few months back, that they are normally in the range 
of 2% to 3%. We have with a lot of effort of effective execution, timely execution. We have 
pulled up the margin in 9 months to 9 months. 
We have gone up from about 1.3% in last 9 months to about 4.2%. And that be our endeavor to 
pull up these margins as much as possible so that our overall margins, which are our company 
vision is to have safe, good margins, the impact of the Turnkey segment is also satisfactory. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next mention from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just wanted to check you on the consultancy side, if you can share any large projects which we 
are eyeing or we have bidded because Indian Railway is coming out with a very large size of 
project which hasn't announced in last multiple years. So any pipeline or any color on any project 
where we are there would be really helpful. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. So you see in terms of the thrust from our company seeing the allocations in this budget 
also. You see Rail Infra is an important -- it's one of the highest allocations, INR 2.4 lakh crores. 
And we thrust on rail connectivity, whether it is coal fields or ports or power plants, we have got 
a good number of orders in Q3 itself. And we are pitching both in the competitive as well as the 
nomination basis in IR rail connectivity, both at IR and non-IR times. 
Many of these clients are non-IR client. They could be coal India in the subsidiaries, it could be 
NTPC, it could be ports. So we are -- and there are some private clients also. So we are pitching 
cement plants, etcetera. So rail connectivity is an area where we are going to pitch very 
aggressively. A Highway, you see, again, a very high allocation of INR 2.7 lakh crores. Again, 
recently, as I mentioned, we got about 10 orders itself in a span of few days in the Northeast 
totalling to about INR 23 crores. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
So highway is again an area where we are going to pitch very aggressively, again, both on 
bidding mode as well as independent engineers for various. We are doing a lot of work in -- 
across highways across states, whether it is UP, we are doing a lot of work in Kerala, and as I 
said, Northeast, across states, we have got a number of highway orders. Similarly, in the metro 
sector. 
You see the metro sector is growing so rapidly across cities, whether it is Tier 2, Tier 1, Tier 3 
cities, we have been pitching for a number of bids in metros. And I'm sure metro is another area. 
City planning; we have recently got the logistic plan, we've got the pilgrim management plan 
order from Ayodhya. We've got a number of city plans. Most recently, we got the mobility plan 
for Kolkata. 
And then moving forward, again, airport, the aviation growth, such a large allocation in airports, 
we are doing a lot of work in airports also. So across sectors, we are bidding for these areas as 
well as pitching to get them on a nomination basis also. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Anything on DFC or any high-speed train project where things are moving and we are getting 
some works there? 
Rahul Mithal: 
DFC, we are already a partner. We are a consultant partner for DFC. And for high-speed rail, 
we keep doing a lot of surveys and consultancy work. We have been doing it. We keep doing it 
as the requirement comes up, whether it is for FLS, DPR, any particular bridge or any particular 
tunnel, any particular design. Whether it is from communication work, some signalling work for 
high speed. So you see we have got strength in each of these areas, whether it is the existing, or 
future DFCs, whether it is the high-speed railways or even now many semi high speed corridors 
are being identified. We have already been associated for making some FLS and PFR and DPRs 
for that. 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities 
Private Limited for closing comments. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Seema. We would like to thank Shri. Rahul Mithal, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Bibhu Nayak, Director, Finance; Mr. A.K. Singh; and Joshit Sikidar, Company 
Secretary, for giving us an opportunity to host this call. We would like to all thank investors and 
analysts for joining for this call. Any closing remarks Rahul, sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I just want to reiterate that our company is, as I said, we deliver what we promise, and we at 
RITES, each of our employees, 2,600-plus employees are very excited by this amazing push in 
capex for Infra. And moving forward, this is our core strength. We are a consultancy company. 
This is our core strength, and we will leverage this to our advantage, to tap all possible structure 
sectors of Infra. Our commitment to our shareholders with this third interim dividend of INR 6 
a share, taking it to a total of already Rs. 14.5 for the cumulative of 3 interim dividends for this 
FY vis-a-vis a total of INR 17 a share for the last FY, we are on track to do our best for our 
shareholders also. Thank you. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that 
concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
-End- 
Audio file of the conference call is available at: 
https://rites.com/Upload/MediaGallery/Audio/3/ELA0520230210145658_mp3-2023-Feb-10-17-15-14.mp3 
For any clarifications you can write to investors@rites.com 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Statements 
in this transcript describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward looking 
statements" within the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially 
from those expressed or implied. Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations include, 
among others, economic conditions affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas 
markets in which the Company operates, changes in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and 
incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
