 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 03, 2023 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, good day! and welcome to Sona 
Comstar Q4 FY23 earnings group conference call. Please note all participant 
lines are in the listen-only mode for now. There will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  
 
Please note this call is being recorded. We request you to place your line on 
mute except when asking the question. 
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details.  
 
The management will also not be taking any specific customer-related 
questions or confirm or deny any customer names or relationships due to 
confidentiality reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your 
question. 
 
I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and 
Digital Commerce Research, India, and Lead Auto Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
Thank you, Deanna. Good day to everyone. To take us through Q4FY23 
results and to answer your questions we have with us, Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, 
MD and Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, 
CEO of the Motor Business; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of Driveline Business; Mr. 
Rohit Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit Mishra, Head Investor Relations and Mr. 
Pratik Sachan, DGM Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations.  
 
I will now hand over the call to Vivek for his opening remarks and the 
presentation. Over to you Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil and Deanna, and welcome everyone to the earnings call 
of what has once again been our best quarter ever. I think I've said it a few 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
times, but I hope I never get tired of saying this, so the best quarter ever and 
the best financial year ever in several aspects of our business.  
 
But first, as is our policy when talking to the company's owners, our 
shareholders, we will begin with the challenges. So, although inflation seems 
to be cooling in general, there hasn't been much change on the cost side 
on our largest purchase commodity which is alloy steel. It remains at 
elevated prices, so hopefully that too shall correct soon. Apart from that as 
highlighted in the previous call, in the EV two-wheeler industry, there was a 
requirement to get the vehicles homologated again due to the new battery 
standards. Also, there is a challenge around lack of clarity and uncertainty 
on FAME-2 subsidies, and that too is a constraint to growth. 
 
On the positive side, I guess there is a lot more of that this time. In financial 
terms, we achieved the highest revenue, EBITDA, and net profit in Q4FY23. 
We close the financial year with a stronger order book, with the addition of 
several new programs, new customers, and new products. This gives us the 
confidence to sustain growth momentum in FY24 and beyond over the 
medium term. We've also made substantial progress on our technology 
roadmap by developing four new products in FY23 alone. We're also working 
on several exciting and innovative products for our customers across both 
motor and driveline businesses. We are obviously excited to add sensors and 
software as the third pillar of growth and hope to close the NOVELIC 
transaction before the end of this quarter. On the ESG front, we made some 
credible progress by developing and implementing an innovative solution in 
our forging plant at Gurgaon, that helps us recycle and save around 12,000 
liters of water per day. This of course is a great achievement, and we'll talk 
about it at the end of our presentation.  
 
Before proceeding, I would like to add that we don't consider ourselves 
macro experts at all, but to pre-empt your questions about the markets we 
serve here are a few observations. The US market was positive on a year-on-
year basis in Q4 and continues to look good. The Indian market did well 
across all three categories of PV, CV, and off-highway and continues to be 
fairly strong. Europe also had a positive quarter on a year-on-year basis, 
which is very gladdening to see that it is continuing to improve over the 
recent quarters. Asia, which is our smallest market remains volatile because 
of the uncertainties of the post-COVID reopening in China. Let's see when 
that recovers. 
 
Slide 4:  
 
So, coming to the numbers, we again had good sequential growth but more 
importantly, and perhaps the only important metric for us on the year-on-
year basis, our revenue grew by 35% while EBITDA and net profit increased 
by 49% and 54% respectively, as we continue to improve on our margins. 
Battery electric vehicle segment revenue grew by 37% and for the first time, 
we've crossed the 200-crore mark from that segment. BEV revenue share also 
increased to 28%. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
 
Slide 5: 
 
For the full year, like every year, we would like to report our performance 
scorecard as managers to you on our five KRAs that we've, consistently since 
our listing, been talking about our financials, our progress on electrification, 
our progress on business development, diversification, and new product 
development.  
 
Beginning with financials, we continue to do well on all three indicators - 
growth, margins, and returns. Our revenue, EBITDA and PAT are up by 26%, 
25%, and 28% respectively. Another quarter of strong operating performance 
has increased our EBITDA and PAT margins to the middle of our usual range. 
I think we've always communicated a range of 25% to 27% for EBITDA and 
14% to 16% for PAT. And I think now we've come bang in the middle of that. 
Returns too, have been and continue to be strong.  
 
Slide 6: 
 
As I think I said last year too while showing a similar slide, any company's 
performance is meaningful only when seen in the context of the industry it 
operates in. The best benchmark for us is global light vehicle sales and 
relative to that, we continue to rise against the tide, we more than doubled 
our revenue in a market that has declined by 7% during these three tough 
years, and having done this organically, is a remarkable, remarkable feat for 
our entire team. Another aspect I want to mention, but actually repeat, is 
that while this chart shows a linear growth of over 25% each year, it doesn't 
mean that each quarter had 25% growth. The real world is seldom linear and 
ours is a company, which grows mostly through new programs, growth 
comes in steps. As you may have noticed in the eight quarters since our IPO, 
our growth has been between 0% to 10% twice, between 10% and 20% twice. 
between 20% and 50% twice, and over 50% twice as well. So, if you look at 
the data scatter, there is not much of a meaningful pattern on quarters. 
However, when you look at years, a meaningful pattern does emerge.  
 
And also, please forgive me for perhaps reminding everyone of the obvious 
but if you look at the last two years that we've been publicly listed, we've 
grown by an incredible 70% while maintaining our margins. And this is 
despite, I would say, unprecedented headwinds like COVID, semiconductor 
chip shortages, extreme inflation, and even a war in Europe. So, apart from 
the tremendous team that I mentioned, our unrelenting focus on 
technology, innovation, and the lens by which we see how much value can 
we increase rather than just looking at pure volume. I think these are the 
reasons for our resilient performance.  
 
Slide 9: 
 
Coming to our second KRA which is on Electrification. So, our battery electric 
vehicle revenue has grown by 33% over last year in absolute terms and 
stands at 670 crore which incidentally is close to our total revenue just four 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
years back. We added 12 new EV programs during the year and 
strengthened the EV orderbook further.  
 
In Q4 specifically, we added one new EV program from a new EV customer 
which we'll talk about in the next slide. And here I wanted to mention that 
we often ask all of you for specific and actionable feedback and this is in 
actually response to one of those that we received from Gunjan and Anuja 
of BofA. We updated our EV program split because they kept saying that 
everything seems to be in the orderbook. So, earlier we used to only show 
two categories fully ramped up production and in orderbook. What we've 
done this time, and for the sake of more transparency is, we made it in three 
categories. So, one is fully ramped-up mature programs. Second, started 
production but in ramp-up phase, and last, not yet in production. So, if I were 
to do that for this, at the end of FY23 we have a total of 20 programs in 
production, out of which 10 are mature and completely ramped up. Other 
10 are in ramp-up phase. The remaining 22 are not yet in production and will 
start either during this year or the following years. I hope this brings more 
clarity and transparency and we hope to also continue to improve with more 
feedback from you.  
 
Slide 10:  
 
Yes, to now talk about the new order win that we just had. This was from a 
North American New Age OEM of commercial vehicles, and we are proud 
of it and are highlighting it for three reasons. 
First, this order is for a bundled product offering, which includes obviously our 
highest-selling EV product, which is the final drive differential assembly, and 
two completely new products – intermediate gears, and input shafts. All 
these combined complete all the major moving parts in an EV gearbox. 
Now, this obviously has been a stated ambition of ours, but I'm glad that 
we've got that fairly early. 
 
Second, this would be our first commercial vehicle differential assembly ever 
and this marks our entry into the EV gearbox parts for a new market segment, 
which is electric commercial vehicles and this program specifically for class 
four and class five trucks. 
 
Third reason: the increase in revenue potential in a vehicle and again, I 
wanted to mention that point that all research we kind of read about the 
automotive industry, every market segment and the focus seems to be on 
volumes of vehicles sold. We prefer as a company to look at market 
segments from a value perspective. And I think it is due to the strategic lens 
that we've been able to move step by step in the last 6-7 years from a $15 
to $20 differential gear set for an electric car to a driveline system with $600 
to $900 revenue realization per vehicle in terms of an electric class four truck.  
 
Slide 11: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
 
There's not much to talk about in this slide. We keep it for the sake of 
continuity and because it's a good visual representation of the geographic 
diversity of our electrification mission. The only change is the addition of a 
new program as well as a new customer in North America. 
 
Slide 13: 
 
On to our third KRA which is Business Development. This year was our best 
year of business development. We've added 80 billion rupees worth of orders 
during the year. This came from 35 new programs and 7 new customers. 
Primarily our revenue growth this year came via the consumption of 51 billion 
rupees from this order book. As I explained earlier, in an industry that is not 
actually growing, the only source of your growth would be your ability to get 
orders and then consume them fast enough in order to maintain your 
growth, and that's what happened. Taking that out the net addition to the 
net order book was 29 billion rupees.  
 
Slide 14: 
 
Which brings us neatly to our net orderbook which at the end of FY23 stands 
at 21.5 thousand crores or around $2.4 billion. As visible here, almost all our 
sequential growth in this quarter came from the consumption of the new 
orders while the EV contribution, and that's the second takeaway from this 
slide, has increased to 77% which is quite a big number now.   
 
Slide 16: 
 
Fourth KRA is around Diversification. Now again, as every time, the trend of 
increasing electrification and decreasing ICE dependence continues 
unabated as we keep developing new EV products and benefit from this EV 
megatrend.  
 
Slide 17: 
 
Geographically, we've seen a shift in our revenue mix this year, North 
America has contributed 43% of our revenue in FY23. This shows an 
exceptionally strong growth backed by new programs mostly. Very 
heartening to see that after dropping to merely 11% revenue share in Q1, 
Europe market has also recovered, and because of that, we have almost 
got back to the same percentage we used to be last year from Europe. And 
if you look at absolute revenue because this is against a fairly high growth of 
26%. We have seen a YOY growth in absolute revenue from Europe.  
 
Not much change in product mix or vehicle segment mix, to be honest, from 
the last quarter. Except that on an annual basis, the revenue share from 
traction motors for electric two- and three-wheelers has grown significantly. 
This revenue share that stands at 4% today used to be almost 0% two years 
ago and 1.5% just last year.  
So, with that, I come to the end of my update. I turned to our Group CTO, 
Mr. Deshmukh to update us on our technology. Over to you, Sir. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Slide 18: 
 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.   
 
Slide 19: 
 
I'm pleased to present our technology roadmap as we continue to break 
new ground in innovation. The development journey from ideation to 
commercialization is exciting and we visually represent every time by 
transitioning a product from white area to blue on our technology roadmap. 
I'm delighted to report that we have successfully transitioned four 
groundbreaking products into the blue zone over the past year alone.  
 
In recent quarters, we have proudly commercialized the net shifts spiral 
bevel gears and the electronically controlled locking differential or the EDL. 
Our spiral bevel gears testify to our pioneering efforts in precision forming in 
this product category. Meanwhile, our EDL represents the first-ever complex 
differential specifically designed for electric vehicles. Both these are further 
solidifying our commitment to sustainable innovation.  
 
Building on this impressive momentum, we have added two more products, 
the input shaft, and intermediate gears to the blue zone this quarter. These 
advanced products enhance our capabilities in precision forming and 
machining and bring us one step closer to developing a comprehensive EV 
gearbox. Consequently, we have reinforced our position as leaders in 
providing higher value addition for electric vehicles.  
 
With that, I invite Rohit to provide you with an update on our financial 
performance.   
Rohit Nanda:  
Slide 20: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh. A very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to 
share our fourth-quarter and full-year results for FY23 with you.   
 
Slide 21: 
 
Like Vivek already mentioned, Q4 was our best quarter on all three 
parameters of revenue, EBITDA, and PAT, being 744 crores, 201 crores, and 
120 crores respectively. Our BEV revenues grew by 37% this quarter whereas 
our non-BEV revenue also grew by a robust 35%, which is more than three 
times the underlying growth in our key markets of North America, India, and 
Europe.  
 
Our EBITDA grew by 49% as year-on-year margin improved by 2.5% to 27.1%. 
EBITDA margin improvement was primarily due to operating leverage and a 
better product mix.  
 
Our adjusted PAT for the quarter was 122 crores which is higher by 57% 
compared to the adjusted PAT of 78 crores in the comparable quarter last 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
year. There was a better margin transmission from EBITDA to PAT due to lower 
net interest cost and depreciation combined as a percentage of revenue. 
This quarter, our PAT has been adjusted for exceptional expenses pertaining 
to acquisition-related diligence work whereas PAT for the comparable 
quarter, last year was adjusted for one-time tax-related impact. 
 
Slide 22: 
 
For the full financial year, our revenue grew by 26% to 2,676 crores. Our BEV 
revenue grew by 33% to 671 crores, and it was 26% of our total sales. Our 
non-BEV revenue grew by 23% while the underlying light vehicle market grew 
by only 2% in our three largest markets of North America, India, and Europe 
combined. 
 
For the full year, our EBITDA grew by 25% to 696 crores. We had a positive 
impact on our EBITDA margin from operating leverage and product mix. On 
the whole, however, our margin percentage was lowered by about 20 basis 
points because of increased RM prices, despite cost pass-through, due to 
arithmetic effects.  
 
Our adjusted PAT for the full year grew by 29% to 398 crores. Compared to 
the adjusted PAT of 309 crores last year. Lower net finance cost led to 
improved margin transmission bettering EBITDA and PAT impact for the full 
year as well. As I've already explained, the PAT adjustment for FY23 pertains 
to diligence expenses related to acquisition while PAT adjustment for the last 
year for the full year pertains to one-time tax-related impact and reversal of 
IPO expenses.  
 
Slide 23: 
 
We now move to the cash flows. During the full year, the company 
generated 535 crores as cash from operations and 200 crores as free cash 
flows. We thus managed to fund our entire Capex spending of 335 crores 
from cash generated from operations. Besides this, we also distributed a 
dividend of 120 crores during the last financial year. 
 
Slide 23: 
 
With this, we come to the slide on our key ratios. 
 
The first one there is value addition to employee cost (VA/Employee Cost) 
which has further improved from 5.7 times last year to 6.4 times this year, 
which reflects continued improvement in our marginal value addition 
relative to change in the total employee cost, our return ratios of RoCE and 
RoE continue to be strong with RoCE about 30% and RoE about 26%. These 
are somewhat lower from the last two-year levels primarily due to ongoing 
Capex expenditure. Besides, in case of return on equity, there is also an 
adverse base effect due to primary equity raised during the IPO. 
 
Our net debt to EBITDA continues to be below zero as net debt number is 
continuing to be negative. Working capital turnover ratio has improved to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
4.2 times. Our fixed asset turnover ratio has declined a bit to 3.9 times which 
is mainly on account of the new capitalization that we did during the year. 
 
With this. I'll now hand it over to Vikram who’ll be sharing an interesting ESG 
case study, which showcases our efforts towards a better environment. Over 
to you, Vikram.  
 
Slide 24: 
 
Thank you, Rohit. Good evening, everyone.  
 
Slide 25: 
 
As you know that the driveline business is more concentrated with the forging 
as a process and the forging requires a lot of power and water. So, in a 
forging process, a die lubricant is used for both lubricating the die and 
cooling of the die. So, in the process, the water evaporates and then 
condenses, and extra water goes through into the pit that is normally 
disposed of through a proper channel, an authorized channel.  
 
This used to be the process earlier. Now, the team at the forging plant has 
done an exceptional job of putting a system through which we can recover 
water, which is around 75% of the water is now recovered and put back into 
the system. So, this is a cycle, which has been used and this process is 
probably done for the first time. And hence, it should help many of the 
forging industries in the country.  
 
The whole idea of showing this and we will share this to the community that 
how each one can use this process for improving action in the uses of water. 
So, that's something, which we are very proud to share with the whole 
community, the forging industry.  
 
I think that brings my end of this presentation and I will now ask the Nomura 
team to go ahead with the next session. 
Moderator:  
Thank You! very much now we are at the Q and A session of the presentation. 
We will now open the floor for Q and A. If you wish to raise a question, please 
use the raise hand function located in the bottom right of your Webex page. 
I will unmute your line and prompt you to speak or you can submit the 
question via Q and A chat box addressing to all presenters. Please be 
reminded to keep your question to a maximum of two questions. If you have 
more questions, please return to the queue. Thank you very much! 
 
Now, I’ll go to the first caller Ms. Gunjan. Your line is unmute, please go ahead 
with your question. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Hi, thanks team for taking my questions, and thanks Vivek for incorporating 
the feedback it's pretty useful. I had two questions, firstly, a little bit generic 
one on the industry. Now, clearly, the most topical thing has been the, you 
know, the price aggression or the price cuts that we're seeing in the industry. 
And in general, there is a fear that this eventually percolates down to the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
suppliers as well in terms of, you know, looking at the cost structures or 
renegotiations. Has there been any renegotiations at your end or re-look at 
the contract values or maybe, if you can share some colors around on how 
we should be thinking about this change in competitive landscape that 
we've seen on the EV? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you! Gunjan. I think we've answered this question in different ways over 
the last three quarters. But again, I'll answer it with a Hindi phrase that I've 
used often, “Pratyaksh ko praman ki avashyakta nahi hoti hai”. The numbers 
will tell you the story, if there is a significant discount, it will reflect in lower 
margins. If it is not, then it is not. Of course, there is pressure, when is not 
pressure there. I mean if you're running a real business, there is always 
pressure. How we deal with the pressure is our job as a management team 
and there is almost always a renegotiation of contracts. But yeah, the net 
result is visible. And I don't think there is much to be said about that. There is 
almost always something of the other going on with one customer or the 
other. But if you look at the net result, I don't think there is anything of concern 
there. And like I said, I think three times in the last three quarters, we've 
answered this question. I'm very amused to see that whenever prices go up, 
nobody asks us this question that will you get extra money from your 
customer?  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
OK. Got it. Maybe just let me ask another question that I have is on your slide 
10. So, you know, where you talk about the new customer, you put out an 
interesting, you know how the rise, the content value has been rising with the 
addition of these new products with every passing quarter. I just wanted to 
understand the original differential assembly that we, you know, we were 
giving to the, you know, to the customers was essentially just the differential 
assembly, there was no intermediate gear, there was no final reduction gear, 
right? If you can just give some colors on how does the value enhance by 
going from, you know, from the basic what you were supplying earlier to now 
adding this intermediate gear and what is it that is pending for us to supply 
the, you know, like it? So, you’ve mentioned that, we are one step closer to 
supplying the final product. So, what is it that is still missing in this portfolio for 
us to do that? You know, $600-$700 differential assembly. Or the integrated 
unit, maybe I'm just a little confused. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, no, no issues Gunjan. I mean for a non-technical person, it's a good 
enough question. If you look at the parts, the bundle value, like I said, is 
already between $600-$900 right? However, the thing is, it's not just the value 
of the product, it is also for what vehicle. So, differential assembly is also just 
the differential assembly, the second item from the bottom. Yeah, that can 
range from $30 to $600, just that, without the final gear, also, if you go from 
a small hatchback car to a large class seven class eight truck. 
 
So the range is quite, it's not just the product, it is the product in what vehicle, 
which is what we've been trying to I think say even by the way in the gears. 
The cheapest gear we've sold as a unit is 45 rupees and the most expensive 
is 4,500 rupees. The range is very, very wide. So, it isn't just what is the cost of 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
this product or the price of this product? It is the price for that application for 
what kind of vehicle? What kind of load? What kind of torque? So that's the 
thing. So, it is two factors at play. Are you going, which is why we made that 
slide and it will be in the appendix. What segment of the market are you 
addressing? And in that, how much? 
 
Second part of your question, which is far more interesting, is what is 
remaining? So, if you look at the whole EV drive unit, what is remaining? And 
I’ll let Vikram also add, that of course, we are not putting it together, right? 
Even now we are doing all the different parts of it and letting the OEM 
assemble it. I think the bearings we are not doing in this, and we are not 
doing the thermal management. So, the cooling, whether it be liquid, 
whether it be oil based, we are not doing that. So, we have still not gone to 
that level of system integration of the whole gearbox. Vikram, you want to 
add to this? 
Vikram Verma: 
No, I think you’ve answered. I mean if the question is, what next is the 
gearbox, in which all these parts are to go will require bearings, require seals, 
the thermal management. There is a big housing and a lot of sensors going 
into it. Beyond that is also, the product has to have motor also and inverter 
also, I mean, I think in the roadmap, Mr. Deshmukh had shown that was our 
final goal. So, this is still an intermediate before we reach there. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Correct. So Gunjan, in short, we just keep moving forward. And every time 
we move forward, we transparently share it with all our shareholders that 
we’ve moved one more step. The goal is still, there is still a lot more to do. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
So, the final reduction we are doing right? now that's not the gap in the 
portfolio anymore. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, that we've been doing. That's actually at the third stage, final reduction 
gear on the differential assembly. I think that we've been supplying since 
2018-19. So that's been a while. The fourth one which you see is for the tri-
motor architecture. That's the single reduction at the wheels, the spool gears. 
EDL was what we showcased, I think last quarter. And this is the first time we're 
doing intermediate gears in shafts. We've never done these products before 
and this also requires actually for us to do a little bit of cold forging, 
knowledge, and capability, which is what we are building. I think we've been 
often asked that, what else are we adding. Well, this was always on the map. 
I don't think people asked us about it, but yeah, this was always an obvious 
adjacency within the gearbox. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Ok. Got it. I'll just ask last question and I'll join back the queue – if you can just 
update us on where we are on the PLI if anything accrued in this year end. 
You know, just what is it, you know, that needs to be given to the government 
to get the incentive. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, I'll let Rohit answer that. just philosophically. I think we, for the last two 
years, maintained that we will do our business without planning for any 
government intervention or subsidies. Because that is, I think the right way to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
do it. If they come, they come, if they don't, they don't, we have never 
accounted for it. We've never given much thought about it but Rohit can 
answer that. He's far more on top of these things. 
Rohit Nanda: 
So, Hi Gunjan, PLI, I mean, like all the other players, we've also moved our 
application and all for the product approval based on the current status, 
and all our understanding is that for FY23 actually, there may be no PLI, OK. 
The year gone by, I'm talking about. FY24 onwards. It should be there. But I 
mean, there are many things, which are yet to become clear. In fact, the 
government has come out with the SOP towards the end of April only. So, 
we are still studying it, trying to sort of understand the process and all. But 
currently, I think for everybody, it is that everyone has applied for the product 
approval and that is still everybody is in the queue in terms of approvals. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Ok. Got it. Thank you so much! 
Moderator: 
We now go to the next caller. Vimal Gohil your line is unmute, please go 
ahead with your two questions. 
Vimal Gohil:  
So, my question is to Rohit. Rohit we've seen our gross margins actually have 
touched 60% at one point of time. Obviously, we've averaged around 57-58. 
We're currently at 54. There is some softening of raw material costs that we 
see at this point in time. So, what's the outlook over there and question to 
Vikram, Sir, your outlook on the starter motor business? Let’s see, it's been 
passed off. So, what would be our outlook next? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I think you meant me. Vikram handles driveline business. I will let Sat answer 
the starter motor question since he is in charge of the motor business, but first 
Rohit the question is to you. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Yeah, so, the material cost, I think apart from the alloy steel, I think we've 
seen softening of material prices over the last one year, I would say. But if I 
were to look at the alloy steel prices, I think they are still higher than where 
we ended the last financial year. I mean, it's hard to predict. Generally, steel 
prices have come off but not the alloy steel prices. I mean, alloy steel that 
we consume. In fact, in April, we saw price increase. After that, there have 
been two decreases in July and then October, but they have been 
insufficient to even set off the increase that we gave in April. So, in a way, 
we are actually, for the full year, like I mentioned in my part of the 
commentary also, I think the alloy steel price that we paid this year was still 
higher than the last year. And that's the largest commodity that we 
consume. 
 
In terms of outlook. It's hard for us to really say anything because logically 
speaking, even alloy steel prices should have come off. Given that general 
steel prices have come off significantly from their highest, so, no predictions 
as such I would say. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sat, on starter motors. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Yeah, I mean the starter motors, we did a good job in the FY23. And our 
volumes were quite stable. Though, I mean, a little bit lower than what we 
projected earlier due to the US and the European market. Overall, it's looking 
still good in the FY24, and we will continue to do that. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, and I think beyond that, Vimal, I don't think any of us know, and like I 
also mentioned, we humbly state that we are not experts in macros, we are 
not experts in predicting the future. And, if anything we have learned in the 
last four years is that we all need to be perhaps more humble. The world is 
far more dynamic and uncertain than we think it is. I think what we can do is 
focus on our business and be always ready and agile and move fast. But 
predicting the future doesn't seem to be something we are very good at, 
and we’ll continue to not do that. We can see the bigger trends. We see 
how things move in, I'd say, 10 to 15 years. But you know, one or two years is 
just harder to get certainty. 
Moderator:  
OK, we’ll go next to Kapil Singh. Kapil, please go ahead with your question 
Kapil Singh:  
Yeah, few questions. firstly, on orderbook, we have seen the 28 billion of 
orderbook consumed this quarter. So, any major product you can highlight 
which has gone into production. I'm sure it would not be fully ramped up in 
the first quarter itself. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, but I that will be too specific because see it is only one or two programs 
that do that, but if I answer that, that's almost answering on the behalf of 
another customer, so, no point. But yeah, you know how a business is and I 
think it's a very good sign if you see this periodic up and down because that 
means that the order book is not just something which we were asked, I think 
earlier that it's something that is far in the future. These are things that this is 
how growth comes. Specific, I mean, there is no new product in this. It's all 
new customers only. That's why I'm not answering. 
Kapil Singh: 
Ok. No, what I was trying to understand is whether this would not be fully 
ramped up right now. Right? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, Shouldn’t. 
Kapil Singh: 
So, I mean, the impact on orderbook is larger than the impact on revenue. 
That's what I was trying to understand. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It always is that way because what you're trying to do is take out something 
and when one of the programs has hit maturity or full peak, so now any 
additional is zero, so you take out from…so how it works is let's say you were 
10% off peak, but now this 10% goes out from the next 40 quarters, so there is 
a large value. So, you take 28 billion, you divide that by the number of 
quarters remaining and you'll get it. Actually, the math is fairly simple, and 
you realize that almost all our growth is because of that. There's nothing else 
happening.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Kapil Singh: 
Yeah, yeah, and when you say something, some orders are fully ramped up, 
what does this mean? If you could give or take an example of, I'm saying 
any general product in the market so that we can understand? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Let's take any standard biggest product, a differential assembly, and the 
vehicle maker has projected and has planned to build 100,000 vehicles a 
year from that program. So, how it starts is initially in the initial phases will be 
10,000, let's say for the first year, which could not be a full year. Next year, it 
goes up to 60-70 thousand. By the third year usually it gets to 100 thousand 
which is the peak. After that, it'll stay at 100 thousand then it'll start declining, 
that's usually the curve any product cycle follows. So, when we say fully 
ramped up, it means it has reached the peak volume said by the customer. 
Of course, they can be plus or minus 10% in this every year if suddenly a lot 
of demand comes. But if the peak stated at beginning assumption is 
reached, we take that out of orderbook. 
Kapil Singh: 
Ok. Also, on the orderbook, do you assume any market growth, or this is just 
the growth of the new products basically, which is what is reflecting here?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
We never assume market growth for anything we do. Our budgets are based 
on zero basis because again, and you know this Kapil, I was made CEO four 
years ago, and I've never seen market growth. 
Kapil Singh: 
You’ve seen a market decline actually. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, so, we don't assume all that. We assume zero because again like I said, 
we're not macro experts, so we don't know any better. So, we just say, let's 
assume everything will remain the same as it is today and then plan around 
that. Orderbook has nothing to do with the market and growth. It is customer 
projection and program ramp-up projection. 
Kapil Singh: 
OK. So, if, if you know, let's take a longer lead product like a tractor, for 
example. So, you, or a truck, you know, in those basically you're not going to 
assume any growth in those when you build your order book, basically. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Correct. So, when growth does come, you will see growth. Actually, 
orderbook will still not grow because you can't solve for 10 years for that 
thing. Your base will suddenly go up though. So, even without consuming 
from the order book, your revenue can grow sequentially quite a lot and we 
are fervently hoping for that day to come. It hasn't yet. 
Kapil Singh: 
And, and just one last question on slide 10, the new product that we have 
you know, the lead time for this is quite small, you know, Q4 start of 
production. So, can you throw some color because generally, we have 
longer lead times, our award cycles are longer? Is this a new customer? And 
why the lead time is smaller than usual? And also, what does this mean for 
future other segments, for example, cars, you know, gearbox or other 
segment trucks, just, some color on that as well? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, development cycles are shortening. That's a fact. What does it mean 
is a lot more pressure on our engineering teams and this is something we 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
really are concerned about that every customer seems to be in a far more 
hurried thing which obviously is good from a shareholder's perspective, that 
profits and revenues come faster than they used to. But there is a lot of 
pressure and a lot of time pressure, I guess it will continue till this EV trend and 
the EV transformation stabilizes. I think we are in the midst of a large disruption 
in the industry. We are obviously beneficiaries of it. But yeah, there is a lot of 
hard work. 
 
What does it mean for other segments and other gearboxes? Kapil, we 
always say only what we mean, whatever we have said is all there is to it. 
There is not much more to read. We have made these new products and we 
have been able to secure a customer. We will always keep trying, keep 
striving to grow that business, keep trying to sell to more customers. And it will 
take a while. The capability curves are long. Often we've been asked about 
others, and we have always commented that we don't talk about others 
because our race is our race. Our product roadmap is transparently shared 
with all of you, including with all our competitors and customers and 
everyone. This is what we intend to do. We are not hiding what we intend to 
do, our race, our milestones are there. If it is on our road map, we will do it. 
There is no question about that. I think in the last two years, we demonstrated 
that many times. If it requires that we will be taking some things that other 
people have been doing other people, other companies, well so be it. We 
don't define ourselves by competition. We do not define ourselves by finite-
mindedness. It is completely transparent whenever there is something more, 
let's say we sell it to another commercial vehicle guy, we'll share it. If we take 
those parts and do it for a passenger vehicle, we'll also share it. 
Kapil Singh: 
Ok. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Kapil for your questions and we are now going to Nitij Mangal. 
Nitij, your line is unmute. Please go ahead with your two questions.  
Nitij Mangal: 
The question is on the Traction motors and the context of the uncertainties in 
electric two-wheelers and also anything you can share incrementally on the 
development of the magnetless motors.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Nitij, I couldn't quite hear you clearly. I think what I got was something around 
magnetless motors, but I didn't get much more. 
Nitij Mangal: 
Yes. Yes, of course. So, how are you thinking of the ramp-up of the traction 
motor business in India? Given there is some uncertainty around the FAME, 
regulations, etc., and then also, anything incremental on the development 
of magnetless motors? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So, we are obviously like everybody else subject to the markets we 
operate. If the overall demand of our customer or the production plan of our 
customer is lowered. So, do we get it lowered? So, we are not thinking too 
much about it. We are ready with the products. We should still see growth. 
But what would happen is then that growth will come from incremental 
market share addition rather than growth in the industry. I am too, I would 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
say, unaware to comment on what will happen of FAME 2 or what will not. 
So, I will leave that. I believe that this, I think we've had this conversation that 
any industry or any business model that is dependent on government 
subsidies like PLI like FAME, that will always be prone to far more risk than a 
business that exists without it. We have always kept away from that. We did 
not plan our business around those subsidies even while quoting to our 
customers. And that's how we will continue if the market comes great. If it 
doesn't, it doesn't, we can't control that. So, it's uncontrollable. And also, we 
again, very humbly say we don't really know what is going to happen on 
FAME 2. So, we can't answer much. 
 
Second, on magnetless motors, Sat you or Mr. Deshmukh can give an 
update. Although if any of you attended Auto Expo, you would have been 
able to see one of those in action. Sat, do you want to share an update on 
the magnetless motors? 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
I don't know, sure. On the magnetless motor, I mean, we are working with, 
and we have also shown one of the motors with our partner in Auto Expo. 
Right now, it's in development and a validation phase and we will come 
back on the status. And yeah, maybe in the next investor call with you guys 
with more firmed information and the data. But right now, it's in the validation 
phase and we are working on some of the options.  
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Just to add to what Sat just now said, we are working on several technologies 
for magnetless. And currently, in our technology road map, those products 
are in the white zone. The moment they are ready to be commercialized, 
they will move to the blue zone. We will share that in this forum. As any other 
R&D project, these are all in the development stage, and depending upon 
the results and the validation, outcome of the validation tests, we will be in 
a position to say which technology we will go for, etc.  
Nitij Mangal: 
OK, Thank you. I have one more question. Vivek when you see your order 
book flowing into revenues, let's over the next two or three years. I believe 
the share of EVs can probably get to like 45-50% or so. How do you see your 
customer concentration within EVs, let's say three years, five years down the 
line? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
See, even today, if you look at our overall customer concentration, there is 
no customer who is over 20% right? Even now, even at this time of IPO, that 
was the same thing. 3 to 5 years later, also a similar type of thing should exist. 
In fact, it is one of our priorities that you know, top two customers, how do 
we bring it to a manageable level? Of course, our goal is that no customer 
should be higher than 15%. We're already at 20. I think we will maintain this 
good practice and in 3 to 5 years, you'll be happy to see there'll be a lot 
more. However, dependence on which customer is not really the thing, it is 
which customer of ours does well in the market, which is the harder part to 
predict, because who sells how many cars is not something we can control, 
we will do our best for every single customer, right? Then how they perform 
in the market is not something which is a controllable factor that we have. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
 
Our job is to get as many customers and as many programs, we are already 
with 26 customers. We will keep adding to this list. How they perform, you 
know, that's up to them and to the end customer, who's the king after all, 
who decides which vehicle to buy, that person he or she decides the fate of 
all of us.  
Nitij Mangal: 
Got it. Thank you, and all the best.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thanks, Nitij 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We’ll go to the next caller Sonal Gupta, Sonal your line 
is unmute, please go ahead. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Hi. Can you hear me? Congrats on a great quarter and I think what's more 
heartening to see is that every quarter you innovate and come up with new 
products for which you are winning orders, so I think kudos to the team on 
that. It's very impressive.  
 
Just a couple of questions from my side. One, I would just want to understand 
like, what is the capex target that you're looking at over the next couple of 
years? And also, I mean, we have the Inflation Reduction Act in the US. So 
will that sort of imply that you also look at some sort of a US facility given that 
is your largest market?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thanks, Sonal. So the second part, I will answer that we are always actively 
considering new facilities anywhere. But the Inflation Reduction Act is not, it's 
actually more of an opportunity for us than otherwise. That's not that much 
of a thing. But the first one on capex I think I’ll let Rohit answer that question. 
Rohit Nanda: 
For capex plan, generally we see three-year time horizon. I think for the next 
three years, the number would be around 1,000 to 1,100 crores, some of the 
new orders and all, that's a three-year number in terms of capex.  
Sonal Gupta: 
1,000 to 1,100 crores, got it and just like I mean, any thoughts around like I 
think, Nitij asked that question, like on the India traction motors side? Because 
there's been a change in regulation and some customers have been 
impacted as well. So, how do you see that part of the business sort of moving 
ahead?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It is 4% of our revenue right now. I hope it grows, but like I said, what will 
happen with FAME 2 and what will happen post-FAME, we don’t actually 
know. That’s why we are begging forgiveness that it's our ignorance that we 
don't know which way the government or the regulator will turn, we can't 
take that call. However, just rest assured, I mean, it is the smallest market 
segment that we have. Hopefully, it grows, we will keep trying with other 
directions in traction motors also. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it, and just last question, I mean, just to follow up with Rohit like on the 
commodity cost side, have we seen all the benefits other than the alloy steel, 
which where we have not seen any benefit but for others like copper, etc. I 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
mean, like I mean, would we broadly say that all what needed to be passed 
on to us has been done? 
Rohit Nanda: 
So, on the commodity prices, whether it is with the vendors or with the 
customers, there are periodic cycles, you know, it could be a three-month, 
six-month settlement cycle. So, for example, copper would be LME linked, so 
the price will automatically adjust.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I don't know if Rohit’s voice was clear, it wasn’t very clear to me. But basically, 
all of these price-passthrough mechanisms are pretty well in nature. They are 
usually linked to one or the other index, one of the other global indexes like 
LME or the Gerdau index. So, it's fairly transparent. So, if it happens, it comes 
through, there isn't much, I would say, things to worry about there. Copper 
as an element has softened a little bit so that benefit must have already 
come in but not that much, by the way.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it, great. Thanks a lot for taking the question.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Actually alloy steel, Sonal, why is different is because we buy all our alloy 
steel in India. Now, there are geographical disparities between. So, steel may 
cost you different things in different geographies. It's not very usual. Usually, 
it's lockstep and all commodities move in tandem, but this is a slight 
difference, right  
Sonal Gupta: 
Ok, great, thanks. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ok, we’ll go to the next caller. Caller is Jyoti, I think she has 
dropped off the line. We’ll take Hitesh. Hitesh your line is unmute please go 
ahead.  
Hitesh Goel: 
Congratulations on a very good set of results. Actually, my questions are 
basically first is on this PLI incentive, you know, which our firm is one of the 
biggest beneficiaries. So, can you give us some sense? Have we started 
getting in those incentives as yet or what is, where is the, you know, where 
are we on that, right now?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, I don't think that anybody has got it, so neither have we, but Rohit can 
answer that better. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Yeah, so Hitesh our understanding is that nobody is going to be getting, I'm, 
I'm talking of only auto PLI right now for FY23 because I believe it's now been 
linked with the product approval and product approvals are all in the 
pipeline. So, you know, now it should kick in only after the products are 
approved. The government has recently come out with the SOP which they 
had been drafting. We are also going through it. But like I said, our 
understanding is for FY23 probably nobody is getting it. Going forward once 
the products are approved for each of the participants, that's when you start 
to get it. 
Hitesh Goel: 
So we'll get it for the retrospective basis or only for say FY24.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
Rohit Nanda: 
My understanding is FY24 onwards. But these things are still, I mean, I would 
say early days, but my broadly, my understanding is that it will be with a 
prospective effect, not with retrospective effect. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I think Hitesh, just as we do in our company, from the analyst perspective 
also, take the most conservative view because I don't think it's an area we 
want to be optimistic on because these things seldom pan out in the most 
optimistic fashion. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Yeah, great. And my second question is, just a housekeeping one also on 
this, you know, there’s this other income which comes in the fourth quarter, 
right, in standalone, which is, you know, that's why standalone PAT is higher 
than consol PAT. Could you tell me what it is Rohit?  
Rohit Nanda: 
It would be intra-group dividend, which Sona would have received from 
subsidiaries. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Ok. Ok. So, that comes in the fourth quarter. So, that's why there's a skew  
Rohit Nanda: 
It's not necessary, but normally it comes in the fourth quarter. Your 
observation is right. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Ok. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We are now at the end of this 
session, and we would like to invite Vivek to do a quick closing remark.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure, I hope there is nobody whose hand is raised and we have not 
answered. I would love to take all questions, but if there isn't, well, thank you. 
Thank you again for giving us your valuable time and attention. If you do 
have anything which is specific and actionable and can improve our 
performance or our communication, please do send it to us, and yeah, see 
you all in the next quarter. Thank you.  
Kapil Singh: 
Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Nomura I thank you for joining this call 
and I thank the management of Sona Comstar for taking out time. Deanna, 
we can close the call now. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Certainly. Thank you, everyone for participating. Have a good evening.  
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
