 
 
 
AX1/ISD/STEX/2022-23 
 
 
                                                Date: 20.01.2023 
 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Ltd., 
P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
The Vice President, 
 Listing Department,  
 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
 Exchange Plaza,  
 Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532525                                    NSE Symbol: MAHABANK-EQ 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Analysts/ Institutional Investors held 
on 16th January, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the enclosed transcript of Earnings conference call with 
Analysts/ Institutional Investors regarding Financial Results of Bank for Q3 FY2022-23 held 
on Monday, 16th January, 2023 at 04.00 p.m. 
 
The transcript of conference call for Q3 FY2022-23 is uploaded on Bank’s website and same 
can be accessed through below link:  
https://www.bankofmaharashtra.in/financial_results  
  
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
(Chandrakant Bhagwat) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
प्रधान कार्ाालर् / Head Office: “Lokmangal”, 1501, Shivajinagar, Pune - 411005 
टेली /Tel.: 020 25511360 ईमेल / Email: investor_services@mahabank.co.in वेबसाइट/ Website: www.bankofmaharashtra.in 
CHANDRAKANT 
CHHOTULAL 
BHAGWAT
Digitally signed by 
CHANDRAKANT 
CHHOTULAL BHAGWAT 
Date: 2023.01.20 17:44:01 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Bank of Maharashtra” 
Q3 and 9M FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. A. S. RAJEEV – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BANK OF MAHARASHTRA 
 
MR. A. B. VIJAYAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
 
BANK OF MAHARASHTRA 
 
MR. ASHEESH PANDEY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
 
BANK OF MAHARASHTRA 
 
GENERAL MANAGERS OF BANK 
 
 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bank of Maharashtra Q3 and 9M FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
We have with us from the management, Shri. A. S. Rajeev, Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Shri. A.B. Vijayakumar, Executive Director, Shri Asheesh Pandey, Executive 
Director and all General Managers of the Bank. 
I now hand the conference over to Sri. A. S. Rajeev. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Thank you, ma'am, and good afternoon to all. Today, we have reviewed results, and we would 
like to share results of the Q3 as well as the nine months ended on - 31st December, 2022 to all 
of you as you are one of the main stakeholders of the bank and we would like to have your 
suggestions, if any, in future also. Whatever the corrections have to be made, that also we are 
ready to do that. 
Just I'll briefly explain the results of the bank at a glance. As you've seen that interest rates in 
the system has increased by around 200 to 210 basis points during the nine months period, and 
more particularly, 50 to 60 basis points in case of deposits for the current quarter. Same way the 
advances, lending rates, also, most of the banks are increased. We have also increased the 
lending rate. At present, our MCLR rate is around 8.20% level which is the median of the 
banking system–As per the indication given by the RBI Governor two, three days back, there 
may be chances of that interest rates may be either in the same level or slightly it will increase 
by another 25 basis points and thereafter, there may be chances of reducing the interest rates. 
That is the indication is given. 
Being that interest rates and economy in mind and our results, the total business for the last 
quarter has increased by around 16% to INR 3,65,000 crore and total deposits increased by 12% 
to INR 2,08,000 crore. Gross advances increased by 22% to INR 1,57,000 crore. CD ratio, at 
present is 75%, with an indication that by March we will be able to increase CD ratio by another 
200 basis points, that is the 77% to 78% level. 
Gross NPA declined to 2.94% and net NPA reduced to 0.47%. Provision coverage ratio 
improved to 97%. And as we are in profitability, the net profit has increased by 139% to INR 
775 crore as against INR 325 crore corresponding last quarter of previous year. Operating profit 
has increased by 36% to INR 1,580 crore as against INR 1,162 crore last corresponding period. 
Net interest income has increased by 30% and net interest margin improved 3.6%. Cost-to-
income ratio has improved to 39.69%, which is below 40% for the past two, three quarters, and 
we will able to continue the same level. ROA improved to 1.30% as against 0.60%. Return of 
equity has improved to 25% and CRAR improved to 17.53%, which is Tier 1 is 13.47%. 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
As you're aware that the current CRAR, this current year's profit is not yet added. If we add the 
current year's profit, the CRAR may be around 19.21%. So earlier, COVID provisions, whatever, 
we have provided INR 1,200 crore, as it is we have kept it and it is not considered for either 
capital adequacy purpose or for provisioning purpose. 
So for profitability for the nine months, net profit is INR 1,762 crore as against INR 796 crore 
corresponding nine months last year. Operating profit also shown a growth of 16% to reach to 
INR 4,244 crore. Net interest income grown by 25% year-on-year. Fee-based income increased 
by 8% to INR 927 crore. Cost-to-income ratio is 39.48% for nine months. Return on assets for 
full year is 1.02% for nine months as against 0.52% for nine months ended 31/12/'21. Return of 
equity has also improved to 18.50% as against 11% for the last year.  
So during the last quarter, we have added 1.2 million customers and 62 branches are opened to 
reach to 540 districts as of now. We have recruited around 1,200 employees in the process. In 
the process because just other things are over -- this is basically for, the new branches opening 
and retirement and other wastages. As far as SMA is concerned, SMA is well under control, 
below 2.5% of the total assets, including SMA one and two. 
So these are the main highlights what we wanted to share with you. And regarding the digital 
area, I will request our ED what are the initiatives we have taken for past one quarter. Earlier, 
we have already shared with you.  
In our digital area, there is good improvement during the last quarter. That will be shared by our 
Mr. Pandey. He is looking after the digital area and Shri. Vijayakumar is looking after the entire 
internal control system of the bank and other areas, so he will share the major points with you. 
Afterwards, we'll have the question-answer-session.  
Moderator: 
 
Yes, sir, this is fine. Thank you. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
 
Over to Mr. Pandey. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes. Thank you, sir, you all have got on the bank's performance in the business which indicates 
that we are inching towards the bettering ourselves quarter-to-quarter. We are just making all 
our efforts and endeavors in that line. 
Certainly, the technological intervention and the digital is going to play two key role, as we said 
earlier and we emphasize always. The first is sustainability of the business growth that is quality, 
as well as the percentage or maybe the amount wise. The second one important thing is the 
embedded compliance. So you keep on having a well complied culture and other things using 
the technology. 
So as you see that the last quarter, we gave and then this quarter also there is a slide on it, two 
slides are there, which shows the digital footprints. So key growth, if I say, UPI/BHIM users 
from 2.49 million to 2.53 million which is consistent. Transaction wise also grown from 326 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
million to 352 million. Digital transactions, which were 96.34% moved to 96.66%. So similarly, 
Internet banking users moved from 21.73 lakhs to 23 lakhs; mobile banking, 21.31 lakhs to 22.76 
lakhs. WhatsApp is 2.35 lakhs to 3.15 lakhs. QR merchant also we take, 22.30 lakhs to 28.49 
lakhs transactions are happening. 
So what we indicated last time also, and we are very much cautious and also very much 
progressive on the IT and digital interventions. So UPI on some of the identified things where 
we wanted to be more hold and also, we analyze the cost is better when we move from opex to 
capex. So similarly, you would have seen the various RFPs which are floated for last three to 
four months' time. So for UPI already one of the best player in the market has come in, and we 
have started and we are trying to close this project by March. 
The robotic process automation, again, one of the bank, public sector, 62 processes in which 48 
are high complexities. So already, it is awarded and one of the best player, which is -- now we 
can very well clear, UiPath has been empaneled. So we are planning five to six or seven 
processes delivery per month which is going to help on three things, the first is the business, 
which is the customer expectations and convenience, the more business, second is the 
compliance and third is ease to my staff on ease of banking. 
So the third is data we have announced we have already completed, and the bank is well 
complied and we are already, actually, it is working for last 1 - 1.5 months we are using it for 
various our returns and other things. The bank is on the private cloud, which is Nakshatra. And 
three to four cyber security solutions are implemented and three to four are in process even now. 
So already bank is on the asset, liability and the services side, has planned around three to five 
STP journeys going forward. And similarly, the fintech onboarding is also poised for. 
So when I say the upgradations, so the bank has also having the advisers from IIT Mumbai and 
the others. So we are having the upgradations of software, hardware, UPI switch and NEFT 
already we have done it, FI Gateway. So in totality, we have started with the 4 COEs as of now, 
one center of excellence in database, another on CBS with TCS, another cyber security with 
Inspira Analytics. And now we are thinking of on the recon side because it is very important to 
have some well-defined frequencies within the day under reconciliation and the other things. 
So with this, I would only like to say that on the business side, how to start with, say, 3% to 5% 
of the business occurring from the digital side, moving to around 15% to 20% for next two to 
three years' time. That is one. Secondly, the cost-to-income, certainly, that how the expenses 
with the change to digital systems, change to IT interventions or robotic process, automation, so 
all those things, how it can be further made cost conscious.  
And third is the customer expectation how to be met with the technology. So these three, four 
key areas which are going to support the bank and all the stakeholders, because customer is the 
important stakeholder. So on a customer service and better journeys. The staff certainly, because 
it is the most important, ease of doing business is there and they are deployed for the better, 
prudent and productive branches rather than the repetitive complexities.  

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
And the third is the regulator. So more-and-more digital intervention which you make in the 
compliance will enhance the bank to achieve as we progress with the business. So with this, I 
leave it to Shri A.B. Vijayakumar, ED. 
A. B. Vijayakumar: 
Yes. Good evening to all of you. Welcome to this analyst meet. I am Vijayakumar, Executive 
Director. As you all know, Bank of Maharashtra being the premier public sector bank, we have 
been doing extremely well in the last several quarters. At the same time, we are constantly 
working in line with the national priority, upkeeping our technology and with a focus of 
customer-centric activities.  
While doing so, we are focusing on improving and controlling internal control measures, 
compliances and risk management. In a nutshell, I would like to say from HR side, we are 
transforming ourselves from Government Karmachari to Karmayogi. Is what I would like to say 
at the initial. We'll take up questions as and when it comes, not only the business, any other area 
improvements, because quite often the question comes the sustainability, and that's why I made 
announce remarks on that point. Thank you very much. Now, we are ready to take on the 
questions. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global Services Limited. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I have a few questions and observations, and I request the moderator to please do not cut me 
unless I complete at least those two, three questions and some observations. Sir, my compliments 
to you, sir, the MD and CEO and both the EDs and the entire team of the top management of the 
bank for the fantastic performance quarter-after-quarter. And this quarter, your profit before tax 
is touching to almost INR 1,000 crore for a quarter. 
On other parameters also if you see the -- I think one of the best net NPA figure in, I think, the 
entire public sector bank of 0.47%. Even the gross NPAs are under very much control. Slippages 
are under control. Your NIM is growing quarter-after-quarter. I think 3.6% or something even 
in this quarter. And the asset quality has been improved to that extent of, I think, one of the 
highest provision again of almost about 97%. 
So my compliments to you, sir. On all these parameters, I think, your bank, if one do not consider 
the size among the public sector bank, which also is now almost INR 3,65,000 crore can be said 
as one of the best performing bank, especially among the public sector bank. And it can match 
with any other private sector bank also. 
Sir, I have just a few observations and some questions. I would have liked to have some clarity 
on the calculation of the net worth at various places, in the results also, in the balance sheet. So 
like the net worth of INR 12,699 crore is said there in the results, point number 7, 11, where if 
you add up the profit and everything, it doesn't come to that level. It is rather higher. So if you 
take the net worth of -- the equity of INR 6,730 crore and the reserves without the profits of this 
year of INR 5,577 crore, it becomes INR 12,307 crore. And if you take the profit of three quarters 
of INR 1,762 crore, it comes to INR 14,069 crore. 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
But if you look at the balance sheet, again, there the reserves and surplus and capital if you add 
up, it is INR 15,644 crore, even, again, in your own note. So what I would like if somebody who 
has done the calculation of this net worth of the bank at various places, can explain me or can 
send me the details a little later, also I don't mind about that. 
Sir, my second one is that there is a SR. And I am asking a bit that I hope it is 100% provided 
for, INR 197 crore of this pending SR, note number 12, 4. And I would also like to know on the 
accounts acquired, INR 1,916 crore in this quarter with a tangible security of only 24.91%. So 
what kind of account these are, because the accountability of the person from whom you bought 
this account is, I think, about 10% or 11%, which he is holding. So I would like to have some 
clarity on this. 
And sir, if I look at the segment-wise results, then our treasury income has come down to INR 
34 crore -- rather profit has come down to INR 34 crore as against INR 105 crore in the last 
quarter. And the wholesale book profit has gone to INR 676 crore against INR 487 crore, while 
the retail banking, it has again gone down to INR 280 crore against INR 326 crore. So if someone 
can give explanation because of the provisioning or because of what -- because corporate book 
has just increased now in this quarter by 7%. But how much -- why this anomaly in this segment-
wise profitability I would like to know? 
I would like to complement on CASA, which is, of course, going 52.5%, which is not less as 
compared to the other banks. But it has come down from 56.27% in the last quarter. So any 
specific reason for that if it can be explained? And going forward, where do we see the CASA 
to be, because it is the one which is giving you the maximum yield and maximum profit? 
I would also like to appreciate here that while the yield on advances has gone up to 8.28% from 
7.81%, which is almost 19 plus 28, it's almost about 50 basis points, whereas the cost of funds 
have gone up only, to 3.61% from 3.31%, that is only 30 basis points, which is another good 
point for the bank. So sir, some of these issues. 
And one on the provision for taxation, in spite of the profit going up, the taxes provision has 
come down to INR 223 crore from INR 348 crore in the last quarter. If time permits later, I 
would like to discuss something about the advances and the credit growth going forward. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Regarding this networth, we will give you the details.. Mainly because of revaluation reserves 
and the other things it may be because in some of the areas -- for example book value of the 
share, in some of the areas, revaluation reserves has to be reduced and in case of capital adequacy 
also, we have to change that revaluation reserves, Rs.55,000 only. So that maybe the reason. But 
our CFO will be in touch with you and give you the details. Regarding SR and other thing, as 
per the valuation, 100% provision we have made and there is no issue. 
Treasury yield has come down mainly because of the profit on sale of securities because of the 
increase in interest rates. Last quarter, only a small amount, INR 20 crore to INR 30 crore was 
the treasury profit and in case of other income, we have changed the accounting methodology.. 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Earlier, commission on guarantees earlier it was on cash basis, this year onwards, we have 
converted to accrual basis. So the other income has come down by around INR 30 crore during 
the current year. And that is only accounting aspects. 
Regarding CASA, which is around 52.5%. Of course, you are well aware that in the highly 
increasing investment scenario, there is a shift from deposits, term deposit shifting is there. But 
here, CASA we may be able to contain it at the rate of 52.5%. So generally, 3% to 4% 
government deposits and the corporate deposits are there generally because of the higher interest 
rates. Government deposits and corporate deposits we have shifted to term deposit. But 
otherwise, CASA rate in the range of 52% to 53% we will be able to continue in the going 
forward also. 
Regarding taxation for the next two to three years, the bank may not provide any tax. But 
however as a precaution, we have kept some DTA we have reversed and we have kept for some 
INR 200 crore-INR 300 crore because we have more than INR 15,000 crore to INR 20,000 crore 
loss created for the past two years, it is continuing in the books. So two to three years, taxation 
will not come. But we have kept some amount for taxation purpose for futuristic purpose. So 
otherwise, this can be considered as a profit also. 
So we will be in touch with you. And our CFO, Mr. Srivastava, will give you the detailed 
working on your net worth as well as other areas wherever -- regarding treasury also, we will be 
giving to you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sunny Agarwal from SBICAP Securities Limited. 
Sunny Agrawal: 
Sir, my first question pertains to the sector or corporates. From which sectors we are seeing a 
healthy credit demand for us? And in the current, I mean rising interest rate scenario, where do 
we see NIM panning out, especially for the corporate on our corporate book? So that is the first 
question.  
And my second question pertains to the customer base. So I believe we are adding a few 
customers on current account and saving account side. So if you can throw some light on what 
kind of customer or salary account we are adding, especially in a hypercompetitive environment 
where everyone is chasing those CASA in the rising cost of deposit scenario? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
So first question is regarding NIM on corporate book, and corporate book NIM is around 2.75% 
to 3% NIM and so that yield is comparatively good and we have not gone for any lower interest 
rate scenario, any of the accounts, we have not got for cases. So the average yield is good. And 
so that in current account and SB account, mainly the salary accounts and other things, we are 
getting state-wide, for example, I can tell you that we are having a tie-up with some of the state 
governments and other things, and their salary accounts as well as their loan accounts like your 
housing loan accounts we are getting. 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Plus, we have SME accounts which is the major area of our source. That is, we are having so 
many state governments.  Our team is very strong government department team in Delhi as well 
as in Mumbai and different states, head of the states, our team is very strong. It is a strong force 
of around 250 to 300 people. That is a major area of benefit is coming from current account and 
SB account. So these are mainly SME accounts and corporate accounts as well as the salary 
accounts. 
Sunny Agrawal: 
Sir, so which are the sectors from where we are seeing a healthy rate demand, or loan demand? 
Which are the industries which we are planning to land over the next 12 to 18 months? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
I think our GM will give you data.  
Management: 
We are seeing good demand from all the sectors, be it infra, manufacturing. So there is no dearth 
of good proposals. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Sir, could you give us an update on the NARCL and also if there's been any further traction on 
recoveries and upgrades on the corporate side, sir? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Yes. Our GM Recovery will give you that.  
P.R. Khatavkar: 
Yes. This NARCL, as you know, that shortlisting has been done. From our bank, 13 accounts 
are already shortlisted, around INR 2,700 crore. Now that guarantee issue is also resolved 
because the government has given the approval about these guarantees of SR. And now that 
work of actual transferring the account to NARCL has been started. So we expect that within 
this week the first account will be transferred to NARCL. And then the things will move. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
 
And visibility of recovery, sir? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
Recovery, sir, as you already noticed that we are at the lowest GNPA and NNPA. Now it's a 
challenge to maintain that level, below 3% and below 0.5%. So recoveries in this quarter, we 
expect at least INR 500 crore recovery in write-off account and almost equivalent reduction in 
the NPAs. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sridhar Sivaram from Enam Asset Management 
Company. 
Sridhar Sivaram: 
Yes. Sir, my question is on the credit cost and the provisioning. For a bank which has 97% 
coverage and more than INR 1,000 crore of provisioning, the first nine months credit cost is 
1.6%. And even for the third quarter, it is 1.4 almost. So some guidance on provisioning going 
forward? We've seen credit costs coming off for many of the other PSU banks. You've may be 
prudently continued to provide very high. But if you could help us with some guidance on how 
to look at it for the next year? 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
A. S. Rajeev: 
So credit cost, we expect, sir, it come down to 1% by next year. So this is 1.4%, this come 
basically because for -- a small amount is utilized for reducing the net NPA ratio because earlier 
-- last quarter, it was -- 0.68% was there. Now it has come to 0.47%. So now for going forward, 
we have reached our target below 0.5%. Now in and around, this NPA will continue in the same 
level, 0.4% to 0.5% level. So there will not be any requirement for credit provisioning for 
reducing the net NPA. 
Otherwise, our addition is coming only INR 572 crore is the last quarter added, and the recovery 
is almost in the same level. So there will not be any additional credit provisioning requirement 
is not there. Actually, it is all maximum INR 100 crore or INR 120 crore something, a small 
amount only will come. So that will continue next year also. But we expect that up to 1% credit 
cost is always -- is better to keep it in mind. 
Sridhar Sivaram: 
Sir, INR 100 crore -INR 200 crore and 1%, there's almost INR 1,500 crore difference. So you're 
throwing numbers like 1% we want to keep. So the range you are talking is so wide. So it will 
help us if you can give some reasonable number. Because you'll do almost INR 2 lakh crore of, 
say, loan book next year. 1% would almost mean almost INR 2,000 crore. So should we expect 
around INR 1,000 crore of credit cost next year? Is that a reasonable number? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
So that -- as a conservative way only I'm telling that 1% maximum. 
Sridhar Sivaram:  
That seems like a very conservative number, sir. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
You can reduce the number. There is no problem. I am telling the outer limit. 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
You have to see that we are keeping that NPA ratio 0.47% and to bring down that ratio, you are 
required to weigh projects more than IRAC Norms. So that's why sir has taken that into 
consideration. 
Sridhar Sivaram: 
My other question is you mentioned about tax also, that you have substantial losses which are 
carry forward and you don't need to provide tax. So what number should we model for next 
year? If you could help with some number that will help, because both the provisioning and the 
tax numbers are -- they are varying so much that it is very difficult to make any forward 
estimates. So if you could help us with some tax number. What should we -- what percentage or 
what absolute number should we keep for tax? Is INR 500 crore or INR 1,000 crore a reasonable 
number for the full year next year, or some sort of guidance will help? 
V. P. Srivastava: 
Yes. I'm CFO here. You see that whatever tax budget we have made, it is not the actual tax level. 
It is DTA reversal. So we have created DTA, this allowed provision when we have written off 
from that. We have reversed that DTA, and this DTA reversal will help us in improving CRAR 
during third quarter. And the profit cannot be added during the quarter. So one thing is that DTA 
reversal we are using for improving the CRAR during the quarter. 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Secondly is that we are holding INR 10,000 crore losses. And whatever our profit projection for 
two years, we don't expect that there will be any actual tax liabilities. Having said that, there 
may be some DTA reversal to improve the CRAR. That's all. 
Sridhar Sivaram: 
But should we expect about INR 500 crore of DTA reversal coming in next year? 
V. P. Srivastava:  
It would be on lower side. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Jai Mundhra from B&K Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, on wage revision hike, have you started providing on the bipartite? and what is the salary 
growth that you are estimating? 
V. P. Srivastava: 
CFO here. That we are expecting 15% wage revision and accordingly, INR 32 crore we have 
provided during this quarter. 
Jai Mundhra: 
 
So this INR 32 crore is for two months, right? 
V. P. Srivastava:  
Right. Yes. 
Jai Mundhra: 
 
At INR 16 crore per month, right? That is the math. 
V. P. Srivastava:  
Right. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And secondly, you said at 15% you have provided, right? 
V. P. Srivastava:  
Yes. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And secondly, sir, it looks like that the standard assets provisioning has been negative in third 
quarter. Is it because restructuring loans are slipping? Or otherwise, what would cause the 
standard assets negative provisioning because you are growing your assets reasonably well? 
V. P. Srivastava: 
Some of the restructure, it has become the standard also for which we need not to make the 
provision. And what in terms of restructure has slipped, in that case the restructuring will be 
written back. That is the case. Which have become standard now, it is no longer to provide 
restructuring provision. So accordingly, we have written back the restructuring provision. 
Jai Mundhra: 
So may be the first restructuring, these people -- the two years term has got over, right? And that 
is how they are turning back into standard? 
V. P. Srivastava:  
Yes. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And secondly, sir, on your loan mix by benchmark, sir, how much is repo-linked, how much is 
T-Bill and how much is MCLR? If you have that number for your loan book? 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Sanjay Rudra: 
Our out of the total loan book, 43% is repo-linked rate and remaining 57% is the MCLR-linked 
rate. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And sir, you would have something on gold, etcetera, also, right, which is fixed rate? Or that is 
like negligible? 
Sanjay Rudra: 
 
See, that is linked to repo. 
Jai Mundhra: 
 
Gold loan also? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes, actually, fixed we do not have as such in the portfolio. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, last question. Sir, on your EBLR, right, so when you had started this EBLR, what was your 
reset time line? And can you change the reset time line for a customer who is on repo rate? So 
if someone who has taken a home loan at, repo plus spread and his reset was initially, what was 
the reset period was every month, every quarter. And has that been changed also? 
Sanjay Rudra: 
Repo-linked rates are linked to the repo only. So whenever there is a change in the repo, the rate 
of interest undergoes a change. 
Jai Mundhra: 
 
But when would it be effective? So let's say, RBI 7 December... 
Sanjay Rudra: 
 
As we said before, the same day it will be affected. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Even from the beginning of this regime, right, you would have almost immediate basis? 
Sanjay Rudra: 
That is the basic concept of the repo-linked rate, sir. As the repo changes, we have to pass on 
the benefit to the customer. 
Jai Mundhra: 
No. I understand that, sir. What I was asking is, does this changes overnight to every customer. 
Sanjay Rudra: 
It is applicable to all customers who are linked to repo-based lending. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
A wonderful set of numbers, so many congratulations for that. Sir, I just wanted to know, now 
you one point you mentioned was about INR 500 crore of recovery you are expecting from a 
written-off account, right, in this quarter itself. So ideally, that effectively means that you will 
have that -- I mean, the neutral provisioning, right? I mean we are currently doing INR 500 crore 
per quarter, and if we can kind of recover that amount or you're planning to reduce the net NPA 
from that amount? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
Yes, that recovery is -- in write-off account INR 500 crore is definite there. We expect in this 
Q4. With this, of course, it will be useful for both ways, because that is direct profit, as you 
know. So how we use it for -- because the net NPA as we have reached to 0.47% level, so now 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
it is I think the idealist level which we have to maintain over a period. So a lot depends upon 
how the slippages work. Accordingly, we'll plan. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So that effectively means our credit cost can be much below 1%, right, as we go into fourth 
quarter? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
Yes, a lot depends, sir. What you said, we also expect. But we always are conservative. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes, of course, we should be conservative. Sure, I understood that point. And what sort of 
recovery we are expecting next year, FY '24? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
FY '24, sir, again the 13 accounts are lined up with NARCL. So that will keep happening now 
in next year. And the big accounts also that is in NCLT, which is already NARCL-only bidding. 
So likewise some big accounts will come. So in the same line, we'll keep our GNPA and NNPA. 
And accordingly, we'll if you see that, my recovery and upgradation is our aim to be at least not 
more than, but least equal to the slippages. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And my second question is around your growth. I mean, we were expecting around 24%, 25% 
growth this year. And we are, I mean, currently at 22%. So largely in line what we have been 
guiding? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Yes. Our target is 20% to 22% growth under advances and 12% to 13% under deposits. 
Deepak Poddar:  
And what sort of growth we're looking next year? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Next year also around the 18% to 20% we are expecting. Because when the balance sheet size 
is increasing, definitely 1% to 2% growth rate may come down. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mangesh Kulkarni from Almondz Global Securities. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Sir, I just wanted to know, today's media, paper suggests that we are looking for fund raising 
and appointing the merchant banking. So what kind of time line we are looking? Will it be in 
the first quarter or second quarter of FY '24 or later on? 
V.P. Srivastava: 
You have rightly heard about the capital raising plan of the Bank of Maharashtra. Recently, we 
have come with the RFP for selection of BRLM. And what we are planning that in first or second 
week of February, we will hit the market. We intend to raise INR 1,000 crore capital. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
And in terms of our prudentially written-off accounts, what will be the quantum on which we 
will be sitting? And what kind of recovery targets we are looking from that? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
Yes. Prudential write-off, we have already told that INR 500 crore we are expecting recovery in 
this quarter, Q4. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
So what is your total outstanding quantum which is there? 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
P.R. Khatavkar:  
Around INR 18,000 crore that quantum is. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
So going forward also we will be looking similar kind of run rate in every quarter, around INR 
500 crore? 
P.R. Khatavkar:  
So we keep our aim like that only. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
And slippages also you are guiding similar what -- equal to or like upgrade and recovery will be 
equal to the slippages, right? 
P.R. Khatavkar:  
That is again our aim. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ashfaque Ahmed from A Squared Financial Services. 
Ashfaque Ahmed: 
Many congratulations, MD sir, ED sirs and the vertical Heads for an amazingly and a consistent 
result. So I have -- two small questions. One is that, especially, with regard to your MSME and 
retail portfolio, because in the last -- around more than a year, we have increased our footprint 
across India in a very calibrated way. So what boost in the MSME and retail credit we are 
expecting because of the increase in our footprint across India, - in the interlines also? 
And the second is that since we have increased our footprint with additional zonal offices, 
additional branches, obviously, to boost the business, so, and how do we see because of this the 
impact on the cost-to-income ratio? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
MSME and retail as of now for the past two years we are growing at the level of 24% to 25%. 
And MSME, we are expecting around 20% to 22% growth rate in coming quarter also. And 
retail, around 23% to 24% is the growth rate we're expecting. And second point is regarding... 
Ashfaque Ahmed:  
Cost-to-income ratios? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Current year, we have opened 106 branches, and another 150 branches permissions is already 
given and in the process. So before March, another -- this quarter, another 50 to 60 branches 
we'll open to end with 2,200 branches by March. And the remaining branches, we'll be opening 
next year. 
Ashfaque Ahmed: 
And on the cost-to-income ratio, sir, how do we see that guiding. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Cost-to-income ratio now, I think, 39%, 40%, our aim is to keep around the 40% cost-to-income 
ratio. We will be able to do that. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
 
Yes. 
Ashfaque Ahmed: 
And sir, one small question, a very strategic question. Like if you see in the MSME and retail, 
the majority of the transactions that are happening on the ground is not because of the credit 
formation right now. It is because of the balance transfer that is happening, that is the customers 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
are moving from one bank to another every six months. So how do we put ourselves -- means 
on -- what is our strategy so that we can grab the majority of the pie that is shifting from one 
bank to the another? Especially, in the MSME, it has been the trend off lately for the last around 
1.5 years that even for 50, 25 bps the customers are moving from one bank to another. So what 
is our strategy to maintain the MSME book, consistent MSME book? This is just strategic 
questions I have? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes, Ashfaque, as you have asked, I am Asheesh Pandey here. So as you have asked about the 
MSME growth in retail. So you had one more thing in mind, like when we are increasing the 
branches, so how the growth. So MSME, it is already explained. And very clearly told you that 
how we are going to do the growth from the MSME, retail. And even you agreed like outside 
Maharashtra with this new footprints. 
Now you wanted the cost-to-income ratio. Certainly, you feel probably that with the increase in 
branches, there will be more than the expenses.  
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes. So I think having a spoke model. So where we have only one branch mainly, and then we 
are having either BC and the CSP model to service customer which is very cost effective one. 
Secondly, the bank has also looked the entire processes and is reviewing it. So wherever with 
technology we can reduce the cost that is also taking place across various functions in the bank 
that is why cost-to-income 40% plus/minus 1%. 
Now your third question was the MSME and retail. So what you are like probably perceiving is 
that there is a huge balance transfer. Am I audible? 
Ashfaque Ahmed:  
Yes, sir. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Okay. Like balance transfer is going on. But actually we are perceiving differently, if you see 
even the various credit rating agencies and various research reports. See, the demand is very 
welcome. If you take the housing itself and both vehicle loan, particularly the EV segment, the 
demand which is coming in is very huge. So what we are doing is that the Bank of Maharashtra 
has also fine-tuned its various policies, where the DSA appointment in the specific areas, specific 
locations. 
And also, bank has identified along 15 clusters. So I would not say the cluster scheme basically 
which is also in place. But then specifically focus with mid corporate branches and the corporate 
finance branches where we are targeting location-wise and we are trying with each location like 
the tiles maybe a cluster, maybe a textile can be clustered. There are three to four clusters if you 
take textiles, which Bhilwara, Tirupur, then engineering, Coimbatore is there. Ichalkaranji again 
in the textile. 
So if you take -- the bank is very clearly like INR 300 crore to INR 400 crore eyeing for this 
cluster specifically at each location. So not only the balance transfer. The bank is having very 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
much competitive edge because of the interest rate. So if you see, the home loan is also one of 
the lowest. 
So two, three products are very competitive. So we do have a competitive advantage and the 
balance transfer, but then demand is also very much picking up, which bank is catering with 
specific tie-ups, with specific approach, focused approach and the locational approach. 
A. B. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I would like to add -- Vijayakumar here - regarding MSME. You asked a specific question 
that only the files are shifting. Yes, I do agree. But we are also in the market and we also have a 
scheme called Gharwapsi. So we continue to focus on the customers who left a few years before 
-- I mean four, five years before. We are bringing them by giving them a very market rated 
demand, attractive rate of interest in the terms. Our sense is now improvement in TAT, which 
we're are focusing. And focused approach we have identified now major centers that we are 
giving a trust for improving in this particular cluster. Through that also we are improving 
MSME. 
If you look at the MSME, there are three MSMEs only micro, small and medium. We have got 
a very, huge increase in the portfolio of micro. All our banks all our branches, the brick-and-
mortars, are doing by growth on aligning with the national priorities, be it be a Mudra or PM 
Stand Up India or even PM Svanidhi we have been focusing. So we are aligning with the national 
priorities' objective. And that is the reason why the MSMEs growth is now robust. And we 
continue to focus on this. 
Ashfaque Ahmed: 
Perhaps my complement: your TAT is perhaps the best in the industry, I would say, right now. 
And many congratulations, sir, for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Akash Jain from Ajcon Global Services Limited. 
Akash Jain: 
Congratulations, sir, on a very good set of numbers. My question sir, regarding the co-lending 
book. What is the size of the current co-lending book? And what is the target to increase it? 
Amit Sharma: 
Sir, at present, total loan book size in co-lending is around INR 500 crore. We have developed 
our software. So once that is stabilized, we'll take it forward, sir, on a much larger scale. 
Akash Jain: 
Okay. And have we are in talks with NBFCs to increase this book? 
Amit Sharma: 
Yes, sir, we regularly have discussion with all the stakeholders in this regard, sir. 
Akash Jain: 
Okay. And also on the gold loan book, what is the size of the gold loan book? And what is the 
bank's strategy to increase it? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Now the gold loan balance outstanding is around INR 6,000 crore. And gold loan is growing at 
the level of around 30% to 40%. 
Akash Jain: 
 
Okay. And what is the target for this book? 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
A. S. Rajeev: 
So target is given to the branches to reach INR 7,500 crore in March. I think we may be able to 
reach INR 7,000 crore to INR 7,500 crore by March. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Sir, we missed on the number. Can you please repeat it? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Yes. Target to the branches is given around INR 7,500 crore by the March end. So we may be 
able to do that for gold loan book. 
Akash Jain: 
 
And what is the yield that we are getting on this book? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
 
Yield is around the 7.90% to 8%. 
Akash Jain: 
Okay. And also in last quarter, we had talked about using the excess SLR. So I think it was 
around INR 18,000 crore as on last quarter. So what is the excess SLR as of now? And what has 
been utilized so far? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
As of now, only 3% to 4% excess SLR is there. Balance we have already utilized. That is why 
we have not raised much funds through deposits. So another INR 5,000 crore to INR 6,000 crore 
excess SLR we may be able to utilize through increasing the CD ratio. 
Akash Jain: 
Okay. And CD ratio we have talked about, I think, increasing to 80%. So that number we are 
sticking to. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Now it is 75%. Another 3% to 4%, we will be able to increase that. 
Moderator: 
We have the next follow-up question from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global Services 
Limited. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thank you for giving this opportunity again. Of course, a lot of clarity has come after the 
deliberations with my other colleagues, analysts. But sir, I would touch again this raising the 
capital of INR 1,000 crore through equity. Sir, now of course, our share prices are firming up 
and it has come to a very good level, almost about, I think, 1.75 to book, or maybe it may reach 
to maybe two times of the book. 
But whenever capital adequacy is already 17.5% and we are having a very good profitability. 
And in any case, it doesn't help as far as your CD ratio is concerned. What is the basic purpose 
of raising this INR 1,000 crore as a equity now, just to take advantage of the rising, share prices 
or anything else is there? 
V.P. Srivastava: 
That as per the SEBI guidelines, we have to reduce the government value to 75%. So partly for 
this purpose, we are coming with the issue of equity share capital. And you know that we are 
having the growth of advances to 25% we are planning. For that here we require the capital. So 
for that, we are going to raise the equity share capital. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
So from 90.97%, it might just come to... 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
V.P. Srivastava: 
Sir, it will not remain 90.7% once you increase advances by 20% to 21%. So at the time, you 
require the capital. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Okay. The government holding will come down to... 
V.P. Srivastava: 
 
Yes, government will come down by... 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Only by 3% or 4%, I think. 
V.P. Srivastava: 
 
Yes, yes. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
It will come down with this. Okay, sir. Sir, my one question which was there last time also, 
which was remained unanswered, was that note number 12, the accounts acquired, INR 1,916 
crore at 24.91 tangible security. I just wanted to know the quality of these accounts which are 
required with such a low percentage of the tangible security. What are these accounts? And after 
having acquired, is there any stress or anything that has been seen in the last couple of months 
on these accounts? 
Sanjay Rudra: 
I will tell you. These accounts are basically related to the securitized asset which we have 
purchased from other NBFCs. These are basically pertaining to MFI. MFI loans are not 
considered as a secured asset in our book. So we have classified these assets under the unsecured 
category. Mostly, these are pertaining to that only. And here, when we are going for the full 
buyout, we go for the loss estimation also. And as for our book, it is loss estimation given where 
most of the MFI is below 3%, but it is basically in the range of 1% to 1.5%, which we are 
observing as on date for the last so many quarters. So the NPA percentage in this book is very 
low and the returns are very good. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So going forward, are we continuing the same trend? Like it becomes to almost about - I think 
this is INR 1,916 crore is a good amount during the quarter. So are we going to keep the same 
trend? Or we have reached to a certain level now and we don't want to increase much? 
Sanjay Rudra: 
Yes. I will explain here that, see, these are the MFI loans, which is the maximum duration of the 
loan is between 1 year to 15 months only, because they are giving for 24 months. Then there is  
a holding period is there. So effectively, it is coming in our book for a period of 12 months to 
15 months. 
So, we are acquiring this too, but the repayments are equally fast. Most of the loans are repaid 
within a period of 18 months. So, these are the acquisitions. But outstanding’s are always much 
lower than what is acquired during the quarter. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thank you sir. Now, as the discussion was going on that we are already on the net NPA of 0.47% 
and whether net-to-net the recovery from the accounts which are totally written off will come 
either as a reversal of provision or as a profit to the book. So naturally, do we need to have any 
further provision? So, what do we have in mind about that ad-hoc provision of INR 1,200 crore 
which we have on the COVID account developing the COVID situations in future? 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
So, do we have any plan to even make use some part of that even in March for the whole year 
ending, so that no further provisioning as such net-net is required in the March and we can have 
a bumper profit in the books? Any idea on that?  
A. S. Rajeev: 
As of now, nothing is given by the Board. For this last quarter also at the Board level they have 
discussed, under Reserve Bank of India level also. Then only this third wave started somewhere 
here and there. Then they told that we will wait and see. And of course, finally, it has to come 
to the books as a profit and it will come to capital or profitability.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, on credit side, what is our position on direct lending for onward lending to the priority sector 
to NBFCs? Have we reached to that particular level? Are we considering them still? Second is 
our corporate book has again started growing well.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Some color was given that -- I think the GM Credit observed, infrastructure and something. Can 
we be a little more specific on that... 
A. S. Rajeev: 
No, NBFC, we have a Board approved level is given up to -- 8% to 9% of the total advances we 
can go NBFCs. But we have gone only 5% to 6%. There is  a gap of 3% to 4% of the total 
advances. But very cautiously we have gone for that. And now presently, we have gone for some 
of the accounts, basically corporate is one, some of the pharma sector or some petroleum sector 
and some aviation.  
Aviation means not this type of aviation sector per se. It is for development of airports. As well 
as highly rated AA and above accounts we have gone for that. And some accounts - some amount 
has gone to NBFC also, INR 2,000 crore to INR 3,000 crore. But keeping - 5% to 6% of the total 
advances, we have kept it for NBFCs. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes. Ashok, particularly manufacturing we are looking more as a banking focus where exports 
are more. 
Management: 
Yes. Actually, we are looking more in pharma or maybe a textile or maybe even the engineering 
goods. And what we are looking is that it should be an export more. So, the bank is focusing to 
augment its even fee-based income. So that's the reason that we're focusing more on the ventures, 
particularly like the pharma, textile, maybe in some of the things which we have seen. The glass 
is doing very well, industry and some of the places. And particularly, in some of the locations, 
we have seen even the EPC is also doing somewhere better, slightly. 
So, these are some of the sectors which we are looking apart from the infra. And as such the 
forex part, where import, export are more and where the good working capital and the 
manufacturing sector is the focus. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
What are your views on auto ancillary? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes, auto ancillary too, particularly EV side. 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
We are open for that... 
A. S. Rajeev: 
And I think that our export growth rate was quarter-to-quarter, it is around 40% to 45% for the 
current year. Export is doing well and earlier, bank was not having that much export area. And 
medical devices, medical equipment’s, that types of areas. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Even hospital sector, we are... 
A. S. Rajeev: 
It is a wide range of areas, not a specific area. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes. A very wide range. My last question, sir, is on treasury again, where do we stand? So, you 
have already given the idea that as per the RBI -- I mean, what we can infer is there can be 
another 25 to maximum -- I think 25. Because 35 basis already came, 60 was expected total. 
So, if that is -- if it comes, say, another 25 basis point, does it make any change in our dynamics, 
in our way of working or everything is fine, we are capable of taking care of that? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
Yes, everything -- that is what -- first itself, I told that 210 basis point change has come. It will 
not change any dynamics. So, another 25 or 50 basis points comes also, it is not going to much 
impact. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Franklin Moraes from Equentis Wealth Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Yes. So, I joined a bit later in the queue. So sorry if this question has already been answered. I 
wanted to know what is your total write-off book? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
The total write-off book is around INR 18,000 crore. 
Franklin Moraes: 
So this is which is already part of your book, but it has not yet gone out of the books, right? 
A. S. Rajeev: 
No, it is already written off in the books. And it is not in the books actually. But recoverability 
is concerned, legally it is recoverable and we are recovering also. So, this quarter, we have 
recovered around INR 200 crore. And next quarter, as our GM Recovery has already told, that 
the expectation is around INR 500 crore recovery for next quarter. 
A.B. Vijayakuamr: 
Sir, I'll make it more clear. See, INR 18,000 crore it is written off from the financial results we 
have published today. But this INR 18,000 crore is very much in the branches of our bank. And 
our branch at the field level, they are -- day in and day out, they are focusing on recovery. The 
target for recovery is also on the basis of the outstanding line in the branch book. But publication 
of results, it is not there. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Also, what part of this book would probably go under NARCL maybe in the next one year or 
two years? 

   
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
January 16, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
It is around INR 3,000 crore, INR 2,700 crore to be precise. 
Franklin Moraes: 
This is already transferred? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
No. The process will start now. First will be transferred in this month. It is expected to be now. 
The process has started. 
Franklin Moraes: 
And what could be the maybe time line for transferring of this INR 3,000 crore? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
See, it is shortlisted accounts. Now certain accounts will get finalized in a process. So, it keeps 
-- a dynamic list always. It keeps changing also with the circumstances. So, at present, at least 
we expect one account in the first quarter, definitely will get transferred.  
Franklin Moraes: 
And could you also share some insights in terms of what is happening at the NARCL level? 
Because last year is when they started, but so far we have not seen any accounts getting resolved? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
Yes. See, in NARCL, actually, there was a delay because of that approval of bank guarantee, 
which are SRs are given which is backed by the government guarantee. That approval in NARCL 
was to be received. Now very recently in the last week only, the government has given the 
approval. So that process has now started. Now everything will happen fast. The account transfer 
will start happening now. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Any quantum that is being targeted maybe in the next six to nine months? 
P.R. Khatavkar: 
See, for our bank concern, we expect at least in the first quarter one account is definitely -- this 
Q4 one account is definitely going to be transferred. Remaining accounts will follow in the next 
year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Shri A. S. Rajeev, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, for 
closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
A. S. Rajeev: 
So, thank you so much for having one hour discussion of -- and afterwards, also any update -- 
anybody having any kind of queries or anything, we will be in touch with you and our CFO will 
be open to give any clarification or any figures, whatever required. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bank of Maharashtra, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day. 
                                                                               This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The company or the sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
