t!)sAGAR CEMENTS l MITED
Ref:SCL:SEC:2023-24 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor 
Sandra - Kurla Complex 
Sandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SAGCEM 
Series: EQ. 
Symbol 
Series 
ISIN 
Dear Sirs, 
SAGCEM 
DEBT 
IN E433R07016 
The Secretary 
SSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 502090 
15th May 2023 
Sub: Submission of transcription of Conference Call under Regulation 30 read with 
Part A of Schedule Ill of SESI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 on Q4 FY 23 financial results 
Pursuant to the above said Regulation, we are forwarding herewith the transcription 
of the Conference Call held by us on 11th May 2023 in connection with the recently 
announced audited stand-alone and consolidated financial results for the fourth 
quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Sagar Cements Limited 
R.Soundararajan
Company Secretary
Encl. 
Registered Office : Plot No. 111, Road No. I O,Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad - 500033,Telangana State, India. 
Phone : +91-40-23351571, 23356572 Fax: +91-40-23356573 E-mail : info@sagarcements.in Website: www.sagarcements.in 
CIN : L26942T G 1981 PLC002887 GSTIN : 36AACCS8680H2ZY 
Factories: MattampallyVillage & Manda!, Suryapet District,Telangana State - 508204. Phone : 08683 -_247039 GSTIN : 36AACCS8680H I ZZ 
Bayyavaram Village, Kasimkota Manda!, Anakapally District, Andhra Pradesh State - 531031. Phone : 08924-244550 Fax: 08924-244570 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I ZX 
Gudipadu Village, Yadiki Manda!, Ananthapur District, Andhra Pradesh State - 5 I 5408. Phone: 08558-200272 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I ZX 
RANGASWAMY 
SOUNDARARAJAN
Digitally signed by RANGASWAMY 
SOUNDARARAJAN 
Date: 2023.05.15 15:50:52 +05'30'

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 1 of 26 
MANAGEMENT: 
Gavin Desa - CDR India 
Sreekanth Reddy - Joint Managing Director 
K. Prasad - Chief Financial Officer
Rajesh Singh - Chief Marketing Officer
ANALYSTS: 
Keshav Lahoti 
Pritesh Chheda 
Shravan Shah 
Parth Bhavsar 
Darshit Vora 
Sanjay Nandi 
Badri Vishal Bajaj 
Ritesh Shah 
Rajesh Ravi 
Abhisar Jain 
Navin Sahadeo 
Vincent Andrews 
Presentation 
Manish Valecha: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the 4Q & FY '23 
Results Conference Call of Sagar Cements Limited. We have with us 
from the management, Mr. Sreekanth Reddy, Joint Managing 
Director; Mr. K. Prasad, CFO; and Mr. Rajesh Singh, the Chief 
Marketing Officer. We will start today's session by opening remarks 
from the management, and this will be followed by a Q&A session. I 
request all the participants to be on a mute-only mode during the 
course of the call. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Gavin 
Desa of CDR for his opening remarks. And over to you, Gavin. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Manish, and thank you for the introduction. I would just 
like to point out that some statements made in today's discussions may 
be forward-looking in nature, and a note to this effect was stated in the 
conference call invite sent to you earlier. As always, we will start with 
Mr. Reddy's opening remarks, following which we will have an 
interactive Q&A session. 
I would now like to hand over to Mr. Reddy for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, Sreekanth. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you, Gavin. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Sagar 
Cements' earnings call to the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023. 
Let me begin the discussions with a brief overview of the market in 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 2 of 26 
terms of demand and pricing, post which I will move on to Sagar-
specific developments. 
Overall, we have seen a good pick up in the volumes for the sector in 
general, aided in part by steady demand from infrastructure projects 
and IHB segment. The volumes would have been even better, but for 
the unseasonal rain and the labour shortage on account of the festivals 
during the end of the quarter. Strong volumes have resulted in higher 
operating leverage, which coupled with softening raw material prices, 
led to some improvement in operating profitability. 
Prices, though, have remained steady, and we are hopeful that the 
same would improve with time. On the whole, we remain optimistic 
about the sector's prospects as we believe demand and pricing should 
improve on the back of government's infrastructure push coupled with 
the demand from urban housing. 
Moving on to Sagar-specific development. FY '23 has been an 
eventful year for the company, a year wherein we achieved our stated 
objective of attaining 10 million capacity well before 2025, following 
the acquisition of Andhra Cements. We believe that this is a good 
addition to our portfolio as it not only helps solidify our presence in 
our core markets, but also helps in better serve our customers in a 
timely and cost-effective manner. 
Contrast that is to our two assets, which we acquired earlier, that is 
Satguru and Jajpur, which helped us in not only diversifying our 
geographic and product mix but also facilitated entry into the faster-
growing regions. Our efforts over the next few years will be directed 
towards improving the operational efficiencies and setting these 
assets. 
Let me now move on to our quarterly performance. Our revenue for 
the quarter stood at ₹622 crores as against ₹502 crores during the 
fourth quarter in the previous year, higher by 24% on a Y-o-Y basis, 
largely driven by volume following commission of new capacities, 
infrastructure activities, along with the IHB segment I mentioned 
earlier, drove the demand resulting in higher offtake, realizations 
though remained more or less steady. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹39 crores as against ₹61 crores 
generated during Q4 FY '22. Margin for the current period stood at 6% 
as against 12% reported during the corresponding period last year. 
While the margins have compressed on a year-on-year basis, the 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 3 of 26 
cooling off in raw material prices over the last few quarters bodes well 
for the business. Furthermore, we are hopeful that our investments 
towards strengthening our operational infrastructure in recent times by 
setting up WHRS, railway siding, etc., should also help us improve the 
margin profile and trajectory over the coming years. 
Average power and fuel cost stood at ₹1,796 per ton as against ₹1,596 
per ton reported during Q4 FY '22. Freight cost for the quarter stood at 
₹834 per ton as against ₹776 per ton during Q4 FY '22. On a 
sequential basis, as mentioned earlier, we have seen moderation in fuel 
and freight costs. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at ₹98 crores as 
against loss of ₹19 crores reported during Q4 FY '22. 
From an operational point of view, Mattampally plant operated at 73% 
utilization while Gudipadu, Bayyavaram, Jeerabad and Jajpur plants 
operated at 93%, 66%, 81% and 14%, respectively, during the quarter. 
Overall capacity utilization at the group level stood at 65%. As far as 
the key balance sheet items are concerned, the gross debt as on March 
31, 2023 stood at ₹1,472 crores, out of which ₹1,277 crores is long-
term debt and the remaining constitutes the working capital. The net 
worth of the company on a consolidated basis as on March 31, 2023 
stood at ₹1,689 crores. Debt equity ratio stands at 0.76:1. Cash and 
bank balances were over ₹210 crores as on March 31, 2023. 
In summary, we believe that our efforts towards cost rationalization, 
better product mix and presence across established and fast-growing 
regions position us well to create value for our stakeholders. This 
concludes my opening remarks. We will now be glad to take any 
questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
A reminder to all participants, you can ask your question by raise of 
hand in the participant tab of the Zoom platform. We will wait for a 
moment for the question queue. Mr. Keshav, you can go ahead, 
please, with your question. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Hello, hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to know 
about Andhra update, how is it going? Is it as per the plan, what you 
have said last time? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, good morning, Mr. Keshav. Yes, Andhra, as mentioned in the 
previous call, yes, we did operationalize the grinding side of Andhra 
Cements in the month of April itself. We could commission the mills 
and also start dispatches on 12th of April. The clinker line is due for 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 4 of 26 
commissioning in the middle of June in the current quarter itself. And 
we are more than hopeful that we should be a week before the stated 
time itself, Mr. Keshav. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
How has been your trade share in this quarter? And how has been your 
regional mix for FY '23? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, this quarter, I think we more or less remained very similar to 
how it was in the previous quarter, though we pushed ourselves 
slightly away from some of the markets during the fag end of last 
quarter. Because for the first time, we have seen deep south prices 
much, much lower than the north of south prices. 
But having said that, still we had a robust growth during the full-year. 
We could have done something more even during the end of Q4. But 
for the unseasonal rain and as well as the kind of pricing regime that 
was existing in the deep south, pushed us to limit our volumes. But 
having said that, we more or less are at 60-40 kind of a trade, non-
trade kind of a mix for the full quarter. I'm assuming that you have 
asked for the Q4, Mr. Keshav. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Yeah, okay. That is fine. One last question from my side. As we have 
seen your OpEx have increased quarter-on-quarter by 1% while others 
have reported 8% to 5% decline. The reason was that we have seen 
your freight costs have increased and also other expense. Can you 
please highlight on this effect? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mr. Keshav, I'm sure you will appreciate. We are trying to ramp 
up the volumes into the markets. So we definitely had one-offs kind of 
sales expenditure, especially to do with the sales promotion, because 
we have a huge volume that is about to come up or has already started 
into the market. 
And at the same time, some of the markets, the ramp-up was not as 
expected, especially the Jajpur. So the spends, I would say these are 
one-offs that actually went up in the current quarter itself. Freight, 
obviously, was higher because we had to recalibrate the product 
presence because as you would have seen, the realization for us, there 
was no drop in spite of a sharp reduction in the prices in the markets 
that we service, Mr. Keshav. 
And at the same time, in part of some of the other expenditure, the 
acquisition and the legal-related expenses, which are again one-off 
also were reflecting in the current quarter, Mr. Keshav. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 5 of 26 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Just a follow-up on freight. As we are seeing your lead distance have 
also decreased quarter-on-quarter. So what exactly happened and 
whether rail and road mix have changed, or what exactly have 
changed for you? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, no, we more or less remain the same, sir. There are certain 
markets where we had to go through the go-down. So incrementally, 
there was an additional handling cost that we had to incur it, which is 
part of the freight, Mr. Keshav. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay, thank you. That's it from my side. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Pritesh Chheda. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I have three questions, one on the pricing scenario. And usually, 
every four years, we have seen price increases coming in southern 
market, which is FY '13, '16 and FY '20. And some of it have 
coincided a year before the -- some election year, either it is a state 
election or the national election. Do you see some of it happening 
possibly this year? That's the first question. 
My second question is with the Andhra Cement acquisition. What is 
the peak debt that we might see for you, resurfacing or coming in FY 
'24 or FY '25? That's my second question. 
And my last question is on the power and fuel cost, versus the exit of 
quarter four, what kind of reduction do we see happening? And for 
that reduction, what is the improvement in EBITDA per ton that we 
see versus the FY '23 number if the realizations are stagnant? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, thank you, Mr. Pritesh. Let me address the same sequence as 
you have asked the question. This is regarding the pricing. Yeah, in 
fact, the years that you mentioned are the years when we actually 
suffered the most because the margin compression typically has 
happened during those years, sir. 
So I cannot say that it is -- the trend lines in cement sector has always 
been very, very similar. But this time around, we were very surprised 
that the prices did not ramp up in line with the input prices that -- the 
price inflation that we have seen. We don't know what to blame, but 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 6 of 26 
one of the facts remain that there has been a huge ramp-up on some of 
the supplies that did come in the regions that we operate. 
Or rather across India, we have seen most of the supplies picking up 
during this time. The demand, though has been extremely strong. Of 
course, the demand ramp-up typically coincides with the one to two 
years pre-election kind of years. So that we have seen. Yes, if you 
have seen South, we have seen almost close to 20-plus kind of 
percentage growth year-on-year number. And we are more than 
hopeful that the momentum to continue in the coming year. 
Though probably the -- it may not be as strong as it has been in the 
current year from a number perspective, because all the elections are 
not bunched up. They are actually sequenced six months -- with a six 
months gap. Karnataka just went for an election. Then Telangana is 
due by December and then Andhra and some of the states that we 
service are due for election somewhere around June, July of next year. 
So with this spacing, we believe it may not be as sharp as it has been 
in the current year at 20%, but we do believe it should be anywhere 
between 8% to 10% growth for the markets that we service for the 
current year. Coming back to the pricing, we are happy on one tone 
that in a normal case, the price would have deteriorated much more 
than what it has. 
Realization was very flat in the markets that we service for most part 
of the year. But for the second half of last quarter, the deep south 
prices, which usually are strong, tanked quite a bit. 
Bangalore and Hyderabad markets remain reasonably steady to -- with 
a positive bias. Though a lot of effort was put in between for price 
increases, they were very, very short-lived. Right now, from the exit 
of April, South Tamil Nadu prices still are under pressure. Bangalore 
remains steady. In Hyderabad, we have seen ₹10 to ₹15 per bag kind 
of an increase in the current months that went by post-exit of April, a 
few days that we have seen. Or middle of April to now, we have seen 
a ₹10 to ₹15 kind of an increase in Hyderabad in the surrounding 
markets, especially the Andhra markets, Mr. Pritesh. 
Yeah, going back to the next question on the debt. Yes, what we are 
currently is at peak of the debt because we completed the transaction. 
So we should be somewhere around ₹1,200 crores to ₹1,250 crores of 
net debt at its peak, which we are in the current year. From here on, 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 7 of 26 
we should see the reduction happening quite sharply into the next few 
years. 
The third is regarding the power and fuel cost. In our case, our 
inventory position is fairly strong. But of course, we moved on from 
the earlier six months kind of an inventory to a quarter of inventory. 
So for us, the transition to the low-cost pricing should start. The 
impact of it is going to be marginal for the current quarter, that is the 
Q1, but we would see a significant kind of saving getting into the Q2. 
If I have to quantify, we expect a ₹50 kind of a drop on a power and 
fuel for the current quarter, and close to ₹100 kind of a drop for the 
Q2 onwards, Mr. Pritesh. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you very much sir. All the best. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shravan. Please go ahead, 
Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
Hi sir, first just coming on the volume front. So -- now if you can just 
help us in terms of the volume that we are looking at 6.5 million tons, 
how much are we expecting from the Andhra, from the Jajpur and the 
original plants? So that is the first question. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Mr. Shravan, we are expecting an incremental 1 million from 
Andhra Cement for the current year. The rest of everything would 
come from the assets that we have. Yeah, we are not expecting a huge 
jump in Jajpur for the current year because we have been extremely 
cautious about the volumes to be done from there, obviously because 
of the pricing ratios. 
We are not facing a challenge of sale, but we have been extremely 
cautious at what margin that we should do. So we try to limit our 
volumes in Jajpur. We expect a slight ramp up there. But we are 
expecting a good ramp-up at Satguru. Yes, there we have seen almost 
close to 70-odd percent capacity utilization to ramp-up to 80% to 85% 
for the full-year for the current year. And rest of the other assets, we 
expect more or less very, very similar performance like how it has 
been last year, Mr. Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
So broadly around -- for the full-year, we can do 6.5 million tons plus 
kind of a volume. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 8 of 26 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir. That is the target that we have done for the -- or put for the 
current year, which is at 6.5 million, Mr. Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Secondly, in terms of -- we have mentioned in terms of the 
power and fuel cost decline. And also, you mentioned there were some 
extra one-off expenses in other. So if you can help us, so just trying to 
understand because relatively, if you look at our EBITDA per ton is 
much, much lower, so Q-on-Q decline. So just trying to understand on 
a full-year basis, how one can look at in terms of overall profitability, 
the way we are looking at ₹50, ₹100 power and fuel cost decline. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, our budgeted number is ₹625 per ton. That includes the ramp-
up costs and everything inclusive. On a conservative estimate, we are 
expecting around ₹625 per ton. Mr. Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
And now in terms of the expansion also to increase the capacity for 
the Andhra from 2 million to 3 million tons of -- and the CapEx. So 
how it will be, so CapEx for this year, next year? And any change in 
timeline in terms of the start of the expansion at the Andhra? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, we -- as indicated, it's a 15 to 18 month process. We would like to 
start the CapEx pertaining to this only during the second half of the 
current year. And from then on, it should take 18 months, sir. That 
should help us save on the fuel. 
Of course, there is a marginal upgrade. But given the market, we don't 
expect all the upgraded supply to come into the market in a short 
period of time. The very idea of going for that, I would not say is just 
increasing the volumes, but also updating on the cost-related issues 
that we should initiate during the second half of the current year, 
because we are due for commissioning in the middle of June. 
So we would like to spend a quarter before we would initiate on the 
further investments into Andhra. On a timeline front, yeah, it should 
take 15 to 18 months from the second half of the current year, sir. 
Shravan Shah: 
So by end of FY '25, Q4 FY '25, we should... 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir, you are absolutely correct. By end of FY '25, we should be 
ready with the 3 million ton -- with a much more efficient preheater 
system at Andhra Cement, Dachepalli unit. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 9 of 26 
Shravan Shah: 
So in terms of the -- for this year and next year, broadly, the combined 
consolidated CapEx would be how much? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, it is ₹30 crores for the maintenance CapEx for all the other assets 
as indicated earlier. So the only CapEx that we intend to do is at 
Andhra, which is spread over 15 to 18 months would be somewhere 
around ₹275 crores to ₹350-odd crores sir. 
But we would like to fine-tune by end of Q2, we would be happy to 
come back, because it again depends on how the ramp-up has been 
from a technical side. So we have earlier indicated close to ₹400 
crores, but we feel that around ₹275 crores to ₹325 crores should be 
good enough for us to do the expansion CapEx, which should be 
spread over 15 to 18 months at Andhra level, sir. 
Shravan Shah: 
Thank you sir and all the best. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you.  
Parth Bhavsar: 
Sir, in your presentation, there is this slide on power and fuel cost 
where we gave the spot price is also the cost for the current quarter. So 
the thermal prices, if you see the first chart, it has declined quarter-on-
quarter. But our cost, it has gone up. So what is -- which is the right 
chart that we should see? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
One is the general market, sir, and the other is specifically for us. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Rupees per Kcal would be the right thing to look out for? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, again, this cannot be generalized. I can only write rupees per 
Kcal on a landed basis for ourselves, sir. I cannot write for the 
company itself. But in our case, there is a slight increase because it's 
averaged out kind of a number for us, coming from a few quarters 
back, and we do have an inventory. 
So we have a reasonably good inventory position even now as we 
speak to the -- going into the next quarter. We have always strongly 
used the domestic pet coke as well as the domestic coal. But there has 
been a significant drop on the spot value over the last 15 days to 20 
days, especially on the imported pet coke. 
The last shipment that we got was at $160, which is due for the 
receiving end of this month. But I think going forward into Q2, we 
should have a significant saving as the current spot prices are at $130. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 10 of 26 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay and sir, one thing that since Jajpur starts ramping up, now we 
are supplying clinker from Mattampally, which also increases our lead 
distance. So is there any plans to set up a clinker unit around Jajpur... 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I wish we had that flexibility. The limestone availability in Orissa 
state is very, very limited. The advantage that we have is Mattampally 
still happens to be one of the lowest cost producer of clinker. Though 
it is 150 to 200 kilometers longer than Chhattisgarh market, but on a 
landed basis, still -- Mattampally still offers that much more cost 
advantage. 
I'm sure with the -- in the current year, you would see a significant 
kind of changes in the cost structure. At this point of time, Jajpur 
remains as a wholly owned subsidiary, so there is an arm's length 
pricing issues. Jajpur is due for merger into Sagar, sir. So that should 
also put some cost on a landed basis much lower compared to what it 
is right now. So that should give us flexibility at Jajpur going forward. 
So we are just awaiting for the court order for the merger process to 
get done fully. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. And sir, was there any shutdown taken at the Mattampally unit 
during the quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
For the current quarter, yes sir. As indicated, yes, we took in -- as we 
have indicated for 18 days, but finally, we have taken 21 -- 22 days 
precisely. So Mattampally plant is back to normal. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Why was it taken? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, it is long overdue. It's -- if you look at last year, the plant ran for 
almost close to nine months without any stoppage. So it was due, so it 
was taken in the Q1 itself. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
So wouldn't -- it would have been nice to take it in the monsoon since 
the demand would be low. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, it's always nice. See the typical spread for a cement kiln is 330 
days, sir. That is 35 days of break. So it gets split between two parts. 
One, it has to stop for 15 to 18 days during the season, and the balance 
in the off season. But in our case, yes, we -- the kiln ran very well. So 
we wanted to optimize on the restart expenditures, so we could stretch 
ourselves. But that did not impact much in terms of the volume during 
that time, sir. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 11 of 26 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Sir the shutdown was taken after how long? I missed that part. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Nine months, sir. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Nine months. Okay sir, done. Thank you so much sir. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Darshit. Please go ahead. 
Darshit Vora: 
Yeah hi, thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to -- like how 
would your view of revenue and margins would be going forward in 
the next two, three years? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I wish I could address that long. For the coming year, we are 
hoping to do 6.5 million tons with an EBITDA margin of 
conservatively at ₹625 EBITDA per ton. That should give us close to 
₹400 crores plus kind of EBITDA, sir. 
Darshit Vora: 
Okay. And any -- okay, so volume will -- what would be the 
translation of volume to revenue? Any basic, any ballpark view? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, typically, we don't look at top line in our sector, because it's a 
function of how far and which all markets you service. This should 
roughly be close to around ₹3,500 cores to ₹4,000 crores for this 
similar kind of a volume. 
We are expecting ₹400 crores kind of an EBITDA for the coming 
year, sir. Two to three years is a very long-term view, we would be 
getting into elections and all. But yes, we think that this is something 
which is doable in our case. 
Darshit Vora: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Hello. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, please go ahead. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Sir, you just mentioned like we incurred some additional 
advertisement cost in Andhra Cement. So will that be going for next 
quarter as well for the sales motion expenses. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 12 of 26 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mr. Nandi, as I mentioned, yes, this was kind of one-off where it was 
more like, I would not say just advertisement, but it's a promotion 
expenditure, because we are consolidating the markets that we are 
operating. So that's what -- it's a one-off kind of a number, Mr. Nandi. 
Rest everything would be as spread as in the past, but we had close to 
around ₹10 crores to ₹11 crores kind of odd one-off expenditure in the 
current quarter, Mr. Nandi. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Sir, the next question is like what kind of 
volume growth you are like seeing in this current quarter, like already 
two months have gone from the exit of March quarter. So is it in the 
same trend that will happen in the March quarter? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, typically, Q1 and Q4 are the strong quarters, sir. So it is very, 
very similar to how it has been in Q4. But for unseasonal rain, we 
should have actually peaked out. But I expect a similar kind of 
volumes as Q4 and Q1. 
Again, you have to please make the adjustments for some parts, there 
is election. So typically, what we have seen is two months before and 
two months later, the elections. After the elections, especially in 
Karnataka, things tends to be slightly slowed down. But in Karnataka, 
it's majorly Bangalore, sir. So that to a certain extent should negate. 
But we expect very similar kind of volume growth as Q4 of last year 
into the Q1. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my last question is like in the power and fuel cost front, 
we have seen like no significant drop on a Q-o-Q basis. And you 
commented like we're having an inventory of three months going 
forward and with the prices dropping from to 160 as of now and right 
now it's 130. So what kind of cost pattern benefit we'll be having in 
the coming quarters? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, let me repeat, Mr. Nandi. We are expecting ₹50 per ton kind of 
a drop on the account of power and fuel for the current quarter. And 
going into the Q2, we expect it to swell to ₹100 per ton into Q2. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
₹100 per ton. Thank you so much sir. Wish you all the very best. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Badri Vishal Bajaj: 
Good afternoon, Sreekanth sir. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 13 of 26 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, good afternoon Badri ji. 
Badri Vishal Bajaj: 
Sir, congrats for targeting 10 million tons of cement production and 
revenue generation. And also private investment from friendly 
investment. It is good for our progressing and big CapEx, which you 
have undertaken, and we reached average shareholder value over a 
period of time it may grow. 
Now I have two typical questions, sir. If I go by past three years 
performance on profit before tax or profit after tax. In 2021, we have 
made ₹186 crores PAT. In '22-'23, we have made -- I am sorry, '21-
'22, we have made ₹59 crores, and this year ₹8.5 crores. So it is falling 
from ₹186 crores to ₹8.5 crores as a fact. 
So this is the concern, but the margins have gone up, your sales turns 
have gone up. The revenue generation is 24% up, still margins are 
there. As you said in your earlier statement that there was some 
problem of labor or rain or uptake. So going forward, how you raise 
your margins, one thing sir. 
Second is, the financing cost, which is increasing because of large 
CapEx, say in '21 it was ₹46 crores. '22 it has gone double to ₹92 
crores, in '23 it is more than ₹200 crores. So when financing is needed, 
Premji investments, investments have come. And if I look at your 
equity, almost 85% is there. 
So is it worth growing faster or growing slower so that you can help 
margins also as well as your target achieve? That is what the concern 
as a shareholder. And second question is the timeline for clinker 
commissioning at Jajpur, which we are taking from AP -- Telangana. 
These two questions, sir, please. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, thank you, Badri Ji. Now let me again update you, sir. In FY 
'21, yes, we had started the ramping up and commissioning starting 
from Satguru to Jajpur to now Andhra Cement. So we have been in a 
growth phase for the last three years. Unfortunately, during the current 
-- the last three years, the input price regime has significantly gone up, 
but not the pricing. So that actually impacted us quite a bit on the 
margin front. 
Coming back to the financing as the company was growing, See, I'm 
sure you will appreciate from FY '21 with a ₹5.75 million, we have 
reached close to near doubling to ₹10.85 million. So obviously, this 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 14 of 26 
has to come at a steep CapEx. So whatever was in our means, we tried 
to optimize. 
But in spite of having such a large capacity, we strongly believe that 
the net debt at ₹1,250 crores is still manageable, even in a worst-case 
scenario like last year, yes, where the EBITDA generation 
significantly fell, we are in a situation to comfortably service that. So 
we are doing it with a mix of debt and equity. And we never cross 
more than 1:1 on a debt equity ratio. 
I'm sure you are aware, let me again repeat it's at 0.76:1. In spite of 
such a huge doubling of capacity, we did not significantly over-
leverage ourselves and which we don't intend to. Now the question is 
when margin is falling, should we grow. See, I think growth is a 
function of various parameters, sir. You cannot wait for margins to 
come for your growth. 
Sometimes the increased capacity could wipe your debt in one to two 
years' time. So -- but what we have been extremely prudent is that we 
are not over-leveraging ourselves for any of the growth plans that we 
have. And we did not deviate from the earlier stated objective of 
doubling every 10 years. 
Yeah, we did indicate that we want to reach to 10 million by 2025. I 
wish if we were to do it in '25 and we had a similar kind of an 
opportunity waiting for us, we would have definitely waited. But 
opportunities don't wait for us, so we have to grab it. So since Andhra 
was available in the horizon, so we ended up executing in current year. 
That definitely took a toll on the overall kind of debt, but we are 
reasonably confident about the leverage position that we are in. And 
I'm sure the prospects for the cement sector has always been volatile. 
But one thing for sure is on the long-term trend, it has always 
performed extremely well, especially the balance sheet performance of 
Sagar has been extremely strong. and we intend to keep the same 
momentum going forward, Mr. Badri Ji. 
Badri Vishal Bajaj: 
About Jajpur clinker. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Jajpur clinker has to be transferred for Mattampally. I think 
that's the best location at this point of time. It has to go from 
Mattampally itself, Badri ji. It's a simple grinding station in Kalinga 
Nagar, very close to Jajpur in Orissa. So the clinker has to move from 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 15 of 26 
Mattampally. And I think Mattampally is in a very good situation to 
service that market. It's only a question of time. 
Yeah, when the merger happens, we intend to save some amount from 
an arm's length pricing issue, so that should help us. And a small 
increase in realizations also would help ramp-up that capacity fairly 
quickly, Badri ji. 
Badri Vishal Bajaj: 
Going forward, again simple query -- going forward, when the 
capacity is expanding and all margins are falling down, so do you 
support this type of philosophy by opportunity? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Badri Ji, I think we are looking at what has happened in three years. 
Three years is a very, very short-term in sector. But if you have to 
look at a 10-year horizon on a CAGR, company's performance has 
been always extremely strong, and we believe that we will be back on 
track. 
Just because of three years, we cannot take a back seat when it comes 
to -- we have to stay relevant to the market also, Badri Ji. We always 
want it to be at least 1x to 1.5x to that of demand. So it would compel 
demand doubled every 10 years historically. 
So unless you double your supply during the same time, your 
relevance to the sector itself would be diminishing, sir. So you have to 
be conscious of that fact. At this point of time, since we are just 
coming through the growth, so balance sheet looks to be slightly on a 
leverage position. But it's only a matter of time when things should get 
normalized, Badri Ji. 
And we are coming off one of the best years that the industry has seen 
in FY '21, which was extremely difficult for life, but it was one of the 
best years for this sector, especially FY '21. So we have seen almost 
35% margins, which we have seen after close to around two to two 
and half decades of our existence. So comparing with that would 
always be a challenge. We wish every year is like that. Then I'm sure 
you will complain that we are going slow. But we cannot do -- stick to 
those kind of profitability for the growth metrics, sir. 
What I can assure you is that the quality of the balance sheet has 
always been strong, and it will continue to remain strong. Okay. P&L 
is not a function with one company alone. It's also a function of 
market. So we have to be aware of it. And we are just coming through 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 16 of 26 
an expansion. And I'm sure it would take some more time before we 
look at further growth going into the next few years, Badri Ji. 
And we have to double only 10 years from now. So we have some 
breathing space, and we could achieve two years of savings from what 
we have intended. So that also gives some breathing space for us to 
consolidate the current position that we are in. 
Badri Vishal Bajaj: 
Sir, we have full confidence that you being the technocrat in cement 
industry. And the confidence we have seen for the past five years. 
What I suggest is as an investor, is it the time to invest more, like  one 
has put -- for a normal investor to see the 10-year guideline as you are 
supporting. That is my suggestion only. That's all. Thanks sir. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Ritesh Shah. Ritesh, 
you may go ahead with your question. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yeah, hi sir. Sir, a couple of questions. First, sir, can you detail on the 
pricing differences in the southern states in Q4? And how are we 
seeing the trends, say, April, May and going forward? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, detailing, I would share offline, Mr. Ritesh. But the fact was 
that for the first time historically, we have seen north of south has 
been extremely strong compared to south of south, which is very 
unusual. It is the first time that we are facing this situation. Chennai 
and south of Chennai is very similar to Hyderabad markets, which is 
very, very rare. 
From April exit to middle of -- from middle of April, all the way up to 
now, what we have seen is Hyderabad prices to be around ₹10 to ₹15 
higher. Chennai prices are slightly negative as we speak. But I would 
say they tanked quite a bit and it remains more or less in that situation. 
Bangalore has been steady, Mr. Ritesh. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Right. And sir, if I have to just take this question for, say, next six 
months or next three quarters, assuming where the thermal coal and 
pet coke prices are, the industry cost curve is going down. Would you 
assign a probability assumption that cement prices can remain at the 
levels where it is, or... 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, Mr. Ritesh, what we have to look at is the price reduction in 
power and fuel may not directly translate to saving, because the 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 17 of 26 
clinker conversion factor has been going up steadily. So, given that 
scenario, there will not be a significant saving on this. What we have 
seen is a significant drop in pet coke, but not in the imported coal, as 
we speak. We feel that, that also should come up along with the pet 
coke price reduction. Only then we would see a significant changes to 
happen to the power and fuel. 
What we have addressed is only specific to Sagar because we are not 
using any imported coal. We are dependent on pet coke and the 
domestic coal. Domestic coal, there is not a significant change or 
rather it is flat. The only difference is the pet coke saving. We are 
close to around 60-40 kind of a mix with 60% Indian coal and a 40% 
pet coke. 
We exactly have touched the equilibrium point with the imported coal 
at 130 spot value right now. Another $5 drop should make it at par 
with the domestic coal price, in our case, on a landed basis, Ritesh. So 
I cannot comment much about the industry because how many of the 
cement plants are dependent on imported pet coke? Not many. So 
imported coal price drop should significantly add to the bottom line. 
That's our view. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Perfect. And sir, just last question. Sir, when we say pet coke, what is 
the grade of pet coke that we are looking at, like is it 4.5%, 6.5%, 9%? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
In our case, again, I'm speaking for ourselves. Our kilns comfortably 
were absorbing high-sulphur coal all the way up to 6% to 8%, 
typically Saudi coal and some of the domestic pet coke, especially the 
CPCL and all, they are relatively higher compared to the U.S. pet coke 
and some of the Reliance and these guys. 
We are used to 6% to 8% kind of sulphur content in pet coke. Our 
limestone was able to absorb that kind of sulphur, and we could lock 
in SO2 into the clinker itself. Not all the plants can handle up of 4% 
kind of sulphur, but some of the modern plants definitely have ability 
because they have those duct sizes, which should comfortably absorb 
sulphur cycle from clogging. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure sir, this is very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you, sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
Rajesh Ravi, please go ahead. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 18 of 26 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Yeah, hi sir. Good afternoon. My question pertains to, first, this 
expansion plan, which you mentioned. The press release, which you 
mentioned, ₹468 crore proposed investments in ACL. And in the call, 
you mentioned around ₹270 crores, ₹280 crores. Where am I missing 
that? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, Mr. Rajesh, you heard it right. The earlier presentation was for 
₹465-odd crores for the growth upgradation at Andhra. Yes, we are 
trying to take a fine-tuning some of the investments onto the cement 
grinding side, probably we might optimize. 
So we would like to limit the overall kind of growth plan somewhere 
around ₹275 crores to ₹325 crores. But this, we would come back to 
you by middle to end of Q2 to exactly tell you the schedule, as well as 
the overall CapEx for the expansion plans at Andhra, Mr. Rajesh. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. And sir, this quarter, you mentioned there was ₹10 crores, ₹11 
crores of exceptional costs, operating cost number got inflated. If we 
adjust that EBITDA margin would come around ₹60, ₹70. And now 
for full-year, we have done close to ₹400 -- ₹300. So where do we see 
₹300 margin jump? How do you construct, which segment you're 
looking at, which will drive this ₹300 margin expansion? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
In our case, we are seeing 1% to 2% kind of realization increase 
purely on account of optimization of freights with Andhra ramping up, 
Mr. Rajesh. But the cost -- the start-up costs, if you remember, and the 
kind of coal pricing that we have seen at the start of the year to now, 
that itself is the delta that we are seeing to add up to our ₹625 
EBITDA per ton kind of a narration, Mr. Rajesh. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sir, the quarterly per Kcal number, which you share, if I look at for the 
full year, broadly, correct me if I'm wrong, it seems that 60% would 
be your pet coke for the -- on an average for the full-year basis, 60% 
to 65% would be the pet coke consumption and 30 odd... 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No sir, it is actually domestic and 40% would be the pet coke, Mr. 
Rajesh. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. No, group level sourcing of coal based on per Kcal. If I look at 
Q1, was around... 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I'm sure, Mr. Prasad should be happy to give you the breakup, Mr. 
Rajesh. But the mix has been 60% domestic coal and 40% pet coke. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 19 of 26 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, so on a full-year basis, on FY '24 versus '23, you're looking at 
significant reduction in your per Kcal cost, and that would be a major 
driver for this expansion? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir. The expansion in terms of the margin is primarily on account 
of a 1% to 2% increase in the realisation and rest everything has to 
come from the cost itself, where the fuel cost itself also -- see for us, a 
couple of things would add up. 
There were some one-off raw material purchases, which is one-off, 
which was very specific. And secondly, the major chunk would come 
from optimization of the fuel mix itself or the fuel consumption itself 
at Mattampally. During the last shutdown that we have taken, we have 
done some modifications and alternate fuel also should start kicking 
in, Mr. Rajesh. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, sir, one last question. Could you -- what would be the quarterly 
run rate for your depreciation and interest in subsequent quarters, sir? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Good question, Mr. Rajesh. I'm sure I will address this offline. 
Kolluru Prasad: 
Rajesh, similar trend will continue. There may not be a big change in 
it. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sure sir. Thank you, I will come back in queue. Thank you. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you, Prasad. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhisar. Please go ahead. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Yeah, hi sir. Sir, can you just confirm the peak net debt that you are 
now looking at for our company? And at which quarter you will hit 
that? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, ₹1,250 crores. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Yeah, okay. So sir, I think after the Andhra acquisition got completed 
in Feb, you had indicated a peak net debt of ₹1,430 crores and now 
this is ₹1,250 crores. So the difference is because of that CapEx 
difference which you are yet to finalize or something else? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir, it is the CapEx difference that we are yet to finalize, Mr. 
Abhisar. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 20 of 26 
Abhisar Jain: 
Okay, understood. Okay. And sir, on Andhra Cement, since the 
company has now got listed again on the exchange and congrats for 
that to both you as well as the minority shareholders who have been 
given that 5% there. 
So now we have a target to reduce our stake going ahead, right, from 
95% to maybe 90% and then to 75%. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
For the first 12 months, we have to reduce it from 95% to 90% and 
further to reduce to 75% before the end of 36th month, that is the third 
year. That is the statute. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Also I wanted to ask what are the plans to execute that? And are you 
also looking to find strategic buyers for that? Or is there any plans that 
you can indicate? And also a ballpark that you would like to give? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
We're just into the transaction. We would be very happy to revert to 
you. The current focus is more to do the ramp-up. We are yet to 
strategize on the ways and means to get the things done. Of course, 
there are a couple of options, but we are yet to firm up. We would be 
extremely happy to revert to you as soon as some plans get 
concretized, Mr. Abhisar. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sure, sir. And sir, on the VCW plant of Andhra Cement, I understand 
that you have decided to shut down the operations there. So just 
wanted to check on the progress and then how far would we from -- 
we would be from an eventual land sale there which you had 
committed for. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Mr. Abhisar, as indicated, which was part of the resolution plan 
was to shut the operations there, which we have done. What we have 
done is for the staff we have given settlement and relocated some of 
the people who intend to work in the Dachepalli unit. So with that, we 
could completely settle the full manpower that is available there. 
We have disconnected from the power supply. In fact, it was earlier 
disconnected. So we are formally disconnected from the grid. 
Currently, the only expenditure that we are incurring there is 
pertaining to the security. We started applying for some of the 
clearances from the government that are required, right from 
monetization, which we believe should take 15 to 18 months timeline, 
sir. So we intend to get all the clearances before we would start sitting 
on the table for monetization pertaining to that, Mr. Abhisar. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 21 of 26 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sir, and any indication you can give for the amount that can be 
monetized from here. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mr. Abhisar, as indicated earlier, it's 107 acres. The current 
government rate is at ₹4 crores an acre. We are yet to look at what are 
all the options that we have. It needs some more paperwork before we 
would start getting to know the exact counters. But at this point of 
time, the government rate is ₹4 crores per acre. As per the records, Mr. 
Abhisar. 
Abhisar Jain: 
And sir, I'm just reconfirming you will not look at doing any JDA with 
any real estate where you would look for an outright sale here, right? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, that's our first preference, sir, but we have to see how best we 
can maximize. But at this point of time, we are yet to sit. So I would 
not like to confirm or do any of that. At this point of time, we are only 
doing the paperwork that is required for us to start looking at all the 
options that would be available. So I'm not ruling out any of the 
options, not that we have something in our mind, but we are not into 
real estate development, which I can assure you. So we would like to 
take the first call whatever would be the best in interest of the 
stakeholders, Mr. Abhisar. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Yes. Sir, last question on Andhra Cement startup, you have indicated a 
startup CapEx of some ₹70-odd crores. But just want to check, will 
there be any start-up costs which will be routed through P&L also for 
Q1. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, Mr. Abhisar, it should be very, very marginal. I would put it, 
maybe ₹1 crores to ₹2 crores. That is primarily to deal with what we 
cannot capitalize, but rest everything is part of the scheme itself, 
where the start-up ramp-up and everything is part of that ₹71 crores 
that we have indicated, Mr. Abhisar. But there could be the salary 
expenditure and associated ones, which would probably flow through 
P&L, but that should be limited to around ₹2 crores to ₹3 crores at 
max, Mr. Abhisar. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understood sir. Thank you so much sir and best of luck. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, just to clarify, when we mentioned in the previous participant 
answering that the EBITDA per ton of ₹625, what we are looking for 
FY '24, that we are looking at 1% to 2% increase in realization. So do 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 22 of 26 
you think that is also a possibility that we can see even minus 1%. So 
this number has... 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mr. Shravan, whenever we do an outlook, we are going with an 
assumption that there will not be -- we have been conservative in our 
outlook for the realization jump. For us, the realization jump is only 
happening because of our internal optimization, sir, not that we are 
expecting it to happen from the market. So we are going with an 
assumption that there may not be a significant increase in the 
realization going forward. That is what we have kept in our mind. 
So when I talk of 1% to 2% increase in realization, it's purely because 
of the optimization that we aim to achieve with some reorientation of 
material from one unit to the other. But for that, we have not assumed 
any market-related issues pertaining to the expansion of the margin 
itself, Mr. Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yeah and secondly, just to understand, so now from 10.85 million tons 
to double by FY '33 in next 10 years? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, we would still keep that as FY '35. So let me stick to that as FY 
'35. Because '25 was our number. Just because we have achieved 
savings here. It doesn't mean that we'll end up saving at the back end. 
We are just done with this, so we would rather come back to you with 
specifics as we would progress, Mr. Shravan, on that. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yeah. But broadly structurally just trying to understand. So even if, 
let's say, if you want to expand -- so definitely, the immediate is the 
Andhra, 1.2 million tons will be additional that will come by FY '25. 
So just trying to understand the further expansion. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mr. Shravan, see, we have grown 70% of our volume over the last 1 to 
1.5 decade with acquisitions. So I would rather wait and digest Andhra 
before coming back to you. We would be more than happy to come 
back to you if there are any options that we have. We have always 
been very, very open, sir. 
The Mattampally unit, Andhra Cements as well as Gudipadu offer a 
huge scope for us to more than double, if you are looking at a 
brownfield kind of an addition. But we have always been very open 
for any of the options for our expansion plans. So these three assets do 
offer quite significant opportunities for us to grow, but we have 
always been market-wise. So we would continue to be market-wise 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 23 of 26 
where we don't intend to put pressure onto ourselves as well as the 
market with any of our growth plans, Mr. Shravan. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, thank you sir. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Navin Sahadeo. Please go 
ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yeah, good afternoon sir. Two quick questions. Sir, one is, I think at 
the time of the deal with Andhra, there was this news about Vizag 
unit, the land there, like we'll not be able to use that unit, and there is a 
possibility of a monetization there. So what is the update on that front? 
Second quick question then is post the CapEx that we are doing at 
Andhra, what is the savings that you would like to guide in the overall 
cost of production? And just one last question, if I may, current prices. 
You said, of course, you gave a flavour that Andhra is a little higher 
and Tamil Nadu continues to be pressured. But directionally, south 
would be at par or slightly lower as compared to March. Those are my 
three questions. Thank you. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mr. Navin, let me repeat. Yeah, from Vizag works of Andhra 
Cement, we have taken a call to shut down the operations there in that 
unit because of the antiquity of the assets. Though it's very, very well 
maintained, but the location itself also is very complex because it is 
part of the city. 
So the heavy truck movement, either inward or outward is restrictive 
because it's well within the city. So that actually has forced us to look 
at an option to close that asset, which we have done. The intent was to 
monetize, obviously, once you have closed the asset off, the other 
option is to monetize which we are closely looking at it. 
But it definitely demands some amount of approval process from the 
government, which we have initiated. So that should take anywhere 
between 15 to 18 months is what our team has indicated. So we would 
want to see the progress on that front before sitting on the table of how 
do we monetize. So that's the current status of the Vizag related -- land 
related. 
Now going to the CapEx at Andhra. As told earlier, yes, the earlier 
plan was to infuse around ₹450-odd crores to modernize the plant. I 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 24 of 26 
would say, modernize, upgrade and also increase the capacity because 
all of them are in tandem. We would want to take that call probably 
once we have commissioned, which is not very far from now, which 
would be a month from now, we should be in a situation to get into the 
commissioning mode. 
So we would want to further fine-tune and study before taking an 
investment call. But as we speak, some amount of back-of-envelope 
calculations is telling us that around ₹275 crores to ₹325 crores of 
investment should do for what we intend to do. The potential savings -
- the bigger CapEx in that portion is to upgrade the preheater itself. 
Currently, it is with the separate line 4-stage preheater with 5-stage 
calciner line. From there to move into a 6-stage itself should save 
anywhere between ₹200 to ₹250 per ton on the power and fuel, 
especially on the thermal fuel side, Mr. Navin. 
But we would be happy to come back to you somewhere around 
middle to end of Q2, coming Q2, to further give clarity on the 
timelines and the CapEx plan and the potential savings that we aim to 
achieve from Andhra. But as we speak, it looks like just the preheater 
modernization should help us save anywhere between ₹200 to ₹250 
per ton, primarily being a 6-stage -- new generation 6-stage preheater 
offers anywhere between 50 to 60 minimum Kcal saving per ton of 
clinker from the current position. 
So even if you add ₹2, that should be anywhere between 120 to 130, 
but we would be very happy to fine tune as we progress. This also 
helps us increase the output. So combination of these two should give 
₹200 to ₹250 kind of a per ton saving even with the electrical saving 
that is likely to come up with that. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Great, thank you. Thank you very much. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. 
Vincent Andrews: 
Yeah, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Only one question I 
have, rest of the questions have already been answered. See, for -- in 
the other income, can you please give the split up of redemption 
proceeds out of ₹181 crores? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Mr. Prasad would be the right person to address that. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 25 of 26 
Kolluru Prasad: 
It's ₹168 crores out of the NCD redemptions. 
Vincent Andrews: 
So going forward, other income will be how much in this quarter? 
Kolluru Prasad: 
Yeah, it will go back to normalcy. Once you exclude that ₹168 crores, 
whatever is left that rate will continue. 
Vincent Andrews: 
Okay, okay. Thank you. 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. Sir, a couple of questions on the chat box. The first 
question is being election year, both at the state and the centre. What 
are the management views on CapEx spending? And how will it 
impact the cement sector? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Like in the past, sir, which I did narrate for one of the questions, yes, 
we don't take a one-off year to postpone or prepone. But some of the 
small investment might get deferred because there is always the 
ambiguity about the demand. But at Sagar, we generally don't take that 
short-term view, sir. We have always taken a medium- to long-term 
view. 
And I believe that's what most of the industry would do. And if you 
have seen industry has taken a significant supply calls during last one 
and half to two years, which also is one year before the election, sir. 
So nobody actually takes a view for the election. 
People generally take a medium- to long-term view because it's a large 
capital-intensive kind of a sector. Sector has always been kind to all its 
stakeholders. So given that scenario, a small deferral for a quarter, 
purely because of availability of people might influence the decision, 
but not the return ratios or the expectations in terms of the demand. 
That has never influenced the decision at Sagar level. And I'm 
assuming that, that would be the case for most of the large sectorial 
players, too. 
Manish Valecha: 
What’s the revenue and EBITDA range one can expect for FY24? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Which I did but let me repeat, the target is to do 6.5 million tons for 
the FY '24, with an EBITDA expectation of ₹625 per ton, which 
should translate to ₹400-plus crores of EBITDA for the current year, 
Mr. Manish. 

Sagar Cements Ltd. (SAGCEM) 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2023 12:00 PM IST 
Page 26 of 26 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. Sir, the third question is, are we on track to hit the 
EBITDA breakeven in Q1 FY '24 for the Jajpur plant and the green 
power share in FY '23? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. I think the breakeven call for Q1 should be too soon, sir. I think 
in the current year, we definitely are positive about the potential 
breakeven for EBITDA at Jajpur because we were operating at sub 
14%, 15% for the last year. So from that scenario, I think moving 
close to 30% should be far more realistic in the current year. That 
should help us reach the breakeven point in the current year rather 
than taking a Q1 call. 
Because by the time we complete Q1, Q2 will be hitting us with the 
unseasonal kind of a scenario. So I would rather take a conservative 
view that the current year, we should be more than breakevening at 
Jajpur. The Green Power share is at 32% across the Group, sir. The 
waste heat recovery system at Satguru also is I would not say full 
optimization, but very close to the optimization, we are getting four 
megawatts. The intent is to get 4.5. So with that, we should be 
touching on an average at 30% to 32% green share in -- you're looking 
at FY '23, we are at 30%. 
Manish Valecha: 
We are now like to complete the call. Any closing comments from 
your side sir? 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
So thank you all for joining on this call. I sincerely appreciate your 
time for reaching out to us. If you feel any questions are unanswered, 
or if you have any further questions, please feel free to connect us at 
Sagar or CDR. We would be more than happy to revert at the earliest. 
Thank you again. Have a good day. Thank you, Manish. 
