 
Registered Office: 23rd Floor, Vios Tower, New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai – 400037 
Tel: +91 22 6232 7400 Website: www.rallis.com 
Corporate Identity No. L36992MH1948PLC014083 
 
 
 
January 26, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022 
 
Further to our letter dated January 11, 2023, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the third quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2022 held on Thursday, January 19, 2023.  
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
 
 
Srikant Nair 
Company Secretary 
SRIKANT 
NAIR
Digitally signed by 
SRIKANT NAIR 
Date: 2023.01.26 
22:07:29 +05'30'

 
 
 
Rallis India Limited  
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call 
January 19, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Rallis India Limited. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Rallis India 
Limited's Q3 FY '23 Earnings Call. We have with us today, Mr. Sanjiv Lal, the 
Managing Director and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the results 
presentation. I now invite Mr. Lal to begin proceedings of the call. Over to you sir. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thanks, Gavin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on 
our Q3 earnings call. As mentioned, Subhra, our CFO is joining me for this 
session. I'll begin the discussion by providing a brief overview of the industry 
before delving into Rallis' specific performance. 
At the industry level, overall demand, especially in the domestic market, was 
somewhat sluggish during the quarter, largely owing to delay in sowing on 
account of the extended monsoons, and higher channel inventory due to slower 
off take during the kharif season. Having said that, rabi acreage for all major 
crops has been satisfactory across states and water reservoir levels continue to 

 
remain healthy. Demand in the international market, on the other hand, is 
witnessing headwinds due to stocking levels in specific actives and countries, 
despite remunerative commodity prices. 
Moving on to Rallis' specific developments, starting with our headline numbers; 
we have had a flat revenue compared to last year's third quarter. Domestic crop 
care business, however, grew by 6.7%, largely price driven. Crop nutrition 
business grew by 22%. Exports revenue declined by 6.5%, chiefly due to 
inventory buildup at our customer end. As mentioned earlier, a challenging 
external environment, particularly erratic rainfall in the domestic market and 
headwinds in international business, restricted volume growth during the quarter. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 53 crore. EBITDA margins came in at 8.5%, 
lower by 2.3%, owing to lower gross margin and increase in other expenses. 
Profit for the quarter stood at INR 23 crore against INR 40 crore reported during 
corresponding period last year. 
Moving on to individual businesses, starting with our domestic business as 
mentioned, the external conditions were not favorable for growth. Overall 
revenues were impacted by higher kharif returns due to erratic rainfall in states 
like West Bengal and Chhattisgarh. Our inventory levels, that was somewhat 
elevated at the end of Q2, has moderated in Q3 and rabi outlook looks favorable. 
In terms of new product launches, we introduced one new 9 (3) pre-emergent 
wheat herbicide, Daksh Plus during the quarter. Our efforts in recent years have 
been directed towards plugging the gaps in our portfolio, especially for certain 
crops and certain pests. We have also been working towards expanding our 
distribution network and working on alternate channels as well. At the end of Q3, 
our retail footprint reached 60,000 for our crop care business.  
As far as international business is concerned, we have seen a decline in 
revenues during the quarter. The decline was primarily volume-led, higher 
inventory in some of the markets for our a.is has been the chief cause. 
Utilization rates for Pendimethalin, Kresoxim-Methyl, Acephate plants continues 
to remain satisfactory, underscoring the key demand for these products. On a 
nine month basis, Metribuzin has seen gradual pickup in sales, following 

 
normalization of inventory in the global market. As far as pricing is concerned, we 
had indicated pricing pressures for Acephate in Brazil, as well as Hexaconazole 
in Southeast Asia. 
Regarding our seeds business, Q3 being a small quarter for seeds, our revenue 
was INR 24 crore. Focus is now on field level demonstrations, marketing 
activities and preparation for the kharif season. Our BRL trials on Maize in 
Karnataka have commenced and we will be taking up cotton BRL trials in the 
coming kharif season. In preparation for the upcoming kharif processing and 
packing operations, quality inspection of our inventory is underway. 
Overall margins for crop care as a whole was impacted due to headwinds in the 
margins from international business. We are hopeful of sustaining the margin 
expansion by increasing our focus on margin accretive formulation business and 
judicious customer mix. In terms of the contract manufacturing segment, we 
expect PEKK shipments to commence in a small way from Q4 after a gap of two 
years. The two recently won contracts, which in a way reflects our commitment 
towards reviving and growing the contract manufacturing business, are awaiting 
regulatory approval in their respective markets, prior to commercialization. We 
have had a number of good visits from some prospective customers to our plants 
and we are hopeful that some of these will translate into future opportunities. 
Last, as mentioned in our previous calls, we are making steady progress towards 
reducing our dependence on China for raw materials, by sourcing some of our 
key starting materials from domestic suppliers.  
To conclude, we expect the business to exhibit steady improvement going 
forward. For the ongoing rabi, we remain positive due to increased crop 
acreages, robust commodity prices and healthy water reservoir levels. While the 
overall growth rate may be dependent on external factors, our efforts towards 
improving our product mix, widening our distribution reach, scaling up our 
capacities and efficiently sourcing raw materials positions us well to limit the 
overall impact and deliver consistent results going forward. On a positive note, 
some of our new hybrids for the seeds business have had a good start, with a 
record collection under the Advanced Booking scheme. 

 
With that, now I'll request Subhra to give us insights on the financial 
performance. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you, Sanjiv. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today 
for our Q3 earnings call. I'll quickly walk you through our financial performance 
for the quarter, post which we shall commence the Q&A session. 
Starting with the top line, our revenues for the quarter stood at INR 630 crore as 
against INR 628 crore generated during Q3 FY '22, a growth of 0.3%. The growth 
has largely been driven by the growth in domestic market and crop nutrition 
business while International business saw degrowth during the quarter. Domestic 
business registered revenue of INR 368 crore, higher by 6.7%, largely due to 
price hikes undertaken earlier during the year. 
Volumes during the quarter were largely benign, as far as domestic business is 
concerned. International business reported de-growth of 6.5%. Seeds business 
generated revenue of INR 24 crore during the quarter. Our placement for 
vegetable seeds has been moderated due to sales reorganization, which we 
spoke about earlier. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 53 crore, as against INR 67 crore generated 
during the same period last year. EBITDA margin stood at 8.5% as against 
10.7% last year. Gross margins are largely protected. Our actions in H1 to 
liquidate the high-price inventory and also shorter procurement cycles going 
forward have helped us to largely mitigate the impact at gross margin level. 
However, EBITDA margin got impacted due to higher marketing and demand 
generation spend. As you would appreciate last year, our activities were 
somewhat suppressed due to COVID. There was also a one-off cost of INR 4.5 
crore, recognized for a demand notice served on us with a retrospective basis for 
a few godowns by Bombay Port Trust. We are contesting this demand. PBT has 
got impacted by the increased depreciation charge for the newly capitalized 
assets, especially of our formulation plant earlier this year. Further, higher 
interest expenses and lower other income has reduced the profit. Profit after tax 
for the quarter stood at INR 23 crore as against INR 40 crore during Q3 FY '22, 
lower by 43%. 

 
Moving on to business-wise performance; domestic business operated under a 
challenging environment. Delayed sowing season owing to extended monsoon, 
coupled with high channel inventory impacted volume growth for the quarter. 
Despite external challenges, we continue to make steady progress in our 
attempts towards introducing new products, both 9(3) and 9(4) and expect the 
momentum to continue during the year. Furthermore, these products are targeted 
towards plugging the crop and regional gaps in our portfolio. The international 
business witnessed de-growth of 6.5%, albeit on a good base, due to lower 
volumes amid inventory buildup at customers' end. The company is focusing on 
improving its product mix by increasing the share of high-margin products and 
formulation products. 
As we had mentioned earlier, one of the strategic priorities for us is to address 
the profitability of seeds business. We have already merged the vegetables and 
field crop sales organization. We've also had challenges in some of our earlier 
promising hybrids, especially in cotton, did not perform as per our expectations. 
As a result of which we are holding slow-moving inventory, for which we have 
recognized provision in H1 of the year. We're further reviewing the overall sales 
plan, in light of the inventory level and also our future development plan and will 
conclude this exercise by Q4. 
A quick word on capex before I hand it back to the operator. As indicated in the 
previous call, our overall capex for the year would be INR 200 crore. Our effort 
on working capital optimization is progressing well. Inventory levels have 
moderated and focus on Q4 will be to ensure good collection. 
To conclude, I would like to iterate that the company is taking necessary steps to 
enhance growth in both domestic and international markets. The focus remains 
on introducing new products, expanding distribution and establishing alternate 
source for raw materials to decrease our dependency on China. The company is 
optimistic that these efforts will lead to steady growth in the future. 
That concludes the opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our first question from the line of Varshit Shah from Veto Capital. 

 
Varshit Shah: 
My first question is that on the raw materials side, are you seeing a moderation in 
a.is prices, as China is ramping up production due to unlocking of the economy? 
And what would that have an impact on our procurement and margin going 
ahead, directionally? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
That is indeed correct. We are seeing a decline in prices of a.is as well as 
intermediates. Of course, as these prices are coming down, we will see some 
amount of margin pressures while, of course, we'll try and get the best price 
based on the competitive situation in the market. But yes, to answer your 
question, the prices of key materials are coming down, including some of the 
intermediates. 
Varshit Shah: 
And sir, because of this destocking happening on account of lower prices, the 
whole channel is destocking in anticipation for the next batch of products. So are 
you seeing, that as the industry is going more credit, both in the B2B and the 
B2C segment to maintain sales, is that something which you are observing at the 
industry level? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, I will desist from talking about what others are doing, but our own 
understanding is that the inventory levels are tracking much higher in the market, 
and there will be pressure on collections. That is why Subhra has called out, 
there is a specific focus that we'll be doing on collections, because there is high 
inventory. Liquidation has been on the lower side. There will be pressure on both 
pricing as well as collections, as various companies will be looking at liquidating 
their market inventory. 
What we had also mentioned is that, at the end of Q2, we had indicated that our 
own inventory was on the higher side, because of the way the monsoon was 
playing out at that point in time. But we have specifically worked towards 
ensuring that our market inventory is moderated at the end of Q3. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities 
Investment Management Pvt Ltd. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just have three broader questions, first is on the domestic business. If you can 
just dwell a little bit in terms of the inventory, both for us and the industry. So 
which segments or molecules, you've seen this inventory being high relatively. 

 
And in relation, when we say 6% to 7% growth in domestic for us in Q3, in 
relation to the market, how would have that grown? So any perspective on the 
overall market performance and our margin in domestic, because I think in 
international business, we took some hit in terms of provisioning and price 
corrections being more severe there. So just kind of have a few questions on the 
domestic side to start with. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
See, on the domestic side, we will be seeing some amount of price correction, 
which will be there. The inventory levels are high, because the pest infestation 
has also been on the lower side. So there is high inventory level on that account. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Margin for domestic business are largely in line with the previous year. So we're 
not seeing a compression in margins, and here our efforts in terms of pushing 
high-mix products have helped specifically in terms of Gross Margins. On IBD we 
have not taken any provisions. The impact is because of the overall market being 
competitive in terms of pricing pressure. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
And sir, the question on domestic -- how has the overall market grown? And 
when you say inventory is higher, which molecules or segments these are high? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
The domestic market, our own assessment, as the growth has been fairly 
sluggish, of course, since Rallis is the earlier companies to be reporting results, 
we really don't know what has happened, what others will be reporting. But our 
assessment on the ground is that, the growth has been fairly sluggish, largely 
driven by lower consumption, lower application of agrochemicals. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
And just one more question was on the international side. If you look at the 
commentary of all the major agro-chemical companies globally, they point to a 
very robust volume and traction, overall business traction for them in major 
markets. So when we say that we've seen overstocking and inventory correction 
happening, are these specific to certain molecules say, for example, like 
Metribuzin or Acephate, or any of those specifically? And is it just in certain 
regions or pockets where this is a pain point, how do you see that? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So I think the pain point will be for specific molecules. For example, I'll just give 
you the example of our own, Hexaconazole, which is largely a molecule that we 
sell in China and Southeast Asia. There we have seen very little demand coming 

 
from that particular a.i. So we've had a lot of challenges in placing our 
Hexaconzole in the Southeast Asia and China markets as well. So we are seeing 
some correction which is happening, as the consumption is happening and the 
inventory levels are coming down. So that's why we are expecting maybe from 
Q1, we will get back on to a good track, as far as molecules like Hexaconzole is 
concerned. 
As far as Acephate is concerned, there is a good demand. Of course, there is a 
lot of pricing pressure, which is coming from the customer end. But otherwise, 
the demand has been good, our plant has been running practically at its full 
capacity. And even Pendimethalin has been tracking okay in terms of overall 
demand, but there is some slowdown, which we are seeing. And Metri, on a nine-
month basis also, we have seen the demand coming back. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
For nine months period, we will still clock 31% growth in international business 
Viraj Kacharia: 
In the Metribuzin, how has the price trend been like? Has it settled down now, or 
if you can share any perspective on demand- supply economics in Metribuzin? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes. The Metri prices are certainly coming down and the key starting material 
prices have also come down. So, both of the prices of the finished a.i and the key 
starting materials are tracking in the declining trend. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Spreads will remain more or less in a similar range 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Just a couple from my end. One is with regard to the inventory position. So 
compared to normal levels, would you say the inventories are still high in the 
domestic as well as export markets? And also, while in India, we understand that 
the high channel inventories are attributable to the erratic rainfall and low pest 
infestation, what exactly is the reason for the inventory buildup overseas? What 
has led to the slowdown in demand over there, if you could please characterize 
that? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So the inventory level for our molecules in the international market, Abhijit, there 
has been some pushback that we've been getting, as I mentioned, on 
Hexaconazole from the Southeast Asia market. And as far as the domestic 

 
situation is concerned, I think I've already answered that, where we believe that 
the inventory level is on the higher side, largely driven off lower consumption of 
these agrochemical formulations in the domestic market, because of lower pest 
infestation. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Do you see this inventory, a rather weak demand in the international market, as 
more of a temporary phenomenon because of falling prices of agro-chemicals, or 
is it something else related to do with, say, the weather conditions? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, Abhijit, I think overall, there is no slowdown in agriculture. Perhaps what has 
happened is, some of the customers have built up inventory, and also because 
they also had their financial year closing, there could be some destocking that 
they have also been wanting to do, before they again start the procurement 
cycle. This could be one of the reasons. There were, of course, some drought 
conditions in certain markets, but that is not impacting to that extent, on the 
overall demand. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just one last quick thing for Subhra, if I may. The gross margins have improved 
significantly on a quarter-on-quarter basis sequentially, almost 500 basis points, 
it seems. So what could have driven that? And do we see this as the new normal 
going forward for succeeding quarters? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Abhijit, there are two factors. See, one, gross margin, as I said, because we were 
liquidating some of the high-priced inventory in Q2 impacted the Q2 margins, 
when you see in comparison to Q3. Also, we had recognized provisions for slow 
moving stocks and inventory. Q3, we have been able to largely protect our gross 
margins through pricing actions. Now it's difficult to say whether the margin levels 
will sustain, because we will also need to be watchful of how the market 
dynamics work out, both in terms of input raw material and future pricing by 
competitors. 
Moderator: 
 We have our next question from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital 
Markets. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sir my first question is, are we seeing any increased business environment in 
Northern Europe, basically the Benelux region? And if you can share some color 
around that, in terms of volumes and pricing in that region? 

 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Actually what is working well for us is that, two of our products have got, what is 
called technical equivalence, Metribuzin and Pendimethalin have got technical 
equivalence in EU and on that basis we are going to be adding more customers. 
We have already secured some small shipments from customers, both in the UK 
as well as in the EU region. So for us, there is a good development as two of our 
products have got technical equivalence. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And we expect this to continue in Q4 and coming quarters as well for Northern 
Europe? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes. For us, it's going to be a positive development because we have been 
waiting for some time for this technical equivalence. So this opens us, gives us 
the opportunity for new customers for these two important products in our 
portfolio. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And sir, anything related to the current gas environment because of the conflict, 
the prices have increased and therefore, the local players are importing more 
from India and other countries. So is there anything connected to this as well? 
Any demand you are seeing from this driver in Northern Europe? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes we had seen some demand. Basically, demand for certain of our chemicals, 
which was coming because supplies from Europe into other markets had 
reduced because of the gas related issue. So we have seen some demand for 
some of our chemicals happening on account of that. But that was more for 
supply to the domestic market, not for the international market. And there is a 
registration process that is required before we can supply into new markets. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Alok Ranjan from IIFL AMC. 
Alok Ranjan: 
Sir, just wanted to get clarity on the impact of the lower a.i prices in exports 
market. You mentioned that the demand for the product was lower. So, was it low 
due to the volume that the international business has not done well? So my 
question is, do you see the realization impact to come in coming quarters? And 
also, for a company like Rallis and other companies, which might be having 
distribution in the international market, how the impact is different in case of 
prices going down if you can elaborate on both the two? 

 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Certainly, there is some pressure coming because of the declining prices of 
starting materials and a.is. There is going to be pressure on the selling price. But 
one of the things that we had done in the last couple of months, is to be more 
moderate in our planning and sourcing of the starting materials. So that, to some 
extent, is going to help us in terms of our margins. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So we still have some carry forward pricing, which is there in Q3. But what we 
wanted to highlight was, the prices have started to taper in terms of key starting 
raw materials, which will soon start reflecting in terms of NRVs. What we'll try to 
sustain is the spread because the input raw material is also going down, but it will 
take some time, depending on the inventory levels. 
Alok Ranjan: 
And second clarification was that, I assume that we are selling to dealers and 
distributors there, and we do not have the distribution presence of our own. So 
for companies like Rallis and other companies, which might be having 
distributional structure, is there a difference only in the visibility that you can get 
in terms of the product availability, someone who might be having their captive 
distribution structure, will they be having better understanding of the demand or 
are there more differences that happen? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Our customers are largely not distributors directly, but they are basically 
companies who do the formulation and they will then distribute the formulation in 
their respective market. Apart from Africa, where we go through distributors, for 
Brazil, North America and the business that we do in Europe, it is largely to the 
main customers. Southeast Asia is also through distributors. So we do get a fairly 
good insight as to what are the inventory levels and all. And if you had joined us 
in the Q2 call, we had indicated that there is going to be some pressure on off-
take during H2 for our exports business. We had, in fact, talked about this. 
Alok Ranjan: 
Just one last question on the new product launches in the YTD FY '23. So there 
are three products that you have highlighted, the 9(3) products, especially the 
Pendimethalin, and the Metribuzin, which individually, are bigger products. So 
apart from the combination products that we are coming up with, there are two 
more. So could you highlight on what is the expectation we are having from this 
product going ahead? 

 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So the three products that we have launched, one, of course, as you pointed out, 
is Pendi plus Metri, this is Daksh Plus. This is a wheat pre-emergent herbicide. 
So we had introduced this product for the current season. This is expected to be 
an important product in our portfolio going forward. The other two products, the 
technicals are from our partner company, Japanese companies, so these are 
very-very innovative products. One is the product for White fly, the other is a 
fungicide, which we have also launched. So these volumes will build up. There's 
a lot of ground level activity that we will be doing in the kharif season, especially 
for the other two products, not the wheat herbicide, because that season is over 
for us for the year. We expect a good traction. We are working on securing the 
a.is from our Japanese partner for that. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital.  
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the volumetric growth, both in the domestic and export market, 
given your commentary suggested that there's still elevated inventory in both the 
markets. What could be your thoughts from a, let's say, when should we see a 
positive growth there, more directionally? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
As far as the domestic market is concerned, rabi is going to be a great season 
because, for all the right reasons, the acreages are up by almost 4.5% for 
multiple crops. There is no issue in terms of water availability. But then of course, 
we've got a kharif season, which is coming up. So we remain extremely positive 
on the overall demand for agrochemicals. Of course, it is subject to the weather 
conditions and pest infestations, which will impact the consumption. But that, of 
course, we will see how that plays out. 
As far as exports business is concerned, while we did see some slowdown in 
terms of off-take during Q3, we expect the off-take to be back to the normal level, 
towards Q1 of next financial year. Although the prices may be on the lower side, 
we do expect the volume growth to be at a level of about 3%. I'm talking about 
overall agrochemicals volume growth in the global market is around 3%. The 
prices, of course, would have settled at a lower level compared to the pricing that 
was there during the calendar year FY '22, because the prices were highly 
elevated. 

 
Ankur Periwal: 
And during this transition, wherein higher prices get normalized to a lower one, 
will there be a hit or impact on our earnings, or will we be able to manage our 
supply chain efficiently and even on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the margin hit 
should not be there? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes. So that's what I have mentioned. So we've also been a little more judicious 
in our sourcing of raw materials, because it's a declining market. We would not 
like to be seen holding high-priced inventory. So we've also been taking slightly 
more judicious calls on our procurement. That being said, in the month of 
December, you would be aware that, the way China had announced locking of 
the economy, there was a certain anticipation that it could lead to significant 
issues in terms of logistics and supply chain. So in the month of December, we 
have indeed taken a slightly more aggressive position on the key starting 
materials that we need. 
So to that extent, the prices have been more or less stable. So it's not that we've 
been buying very expensive inventory. Prices have remained more or less at the 
same level during December, and even what we are seeing now. So it's not that 
we have ended up buying very expensive inventory. So we don't expect that to 
have a negative impact on our margins. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Akul Broachwala from IIFL Securities.  
Akul Broachwala: 
Two questions from my side. Basically, this capex guidance that you've given of 
INR 200 crore. So earlier, you had mentioned that capex would be somewhere 
around INR 250 crore. So are we kind of witnessing some slippages in terms of 
capex? And where are we in terms of commissioning of MPP plant? And 
secondly, you mentioned that there are two new products, for which you are 
awaiting regulatory approvals. So how sizable are these products, and whether 
these products are going to get manufactured from our existing lines, or are we 
anticipating any further capex for these specific molecules? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So the overall capex, yes, that is right, we had indicated that we will have a 
capex between INR 200 crore and INR 250 crore. We are currently outlooking 
that we will be able to get to about INR 200 crore. This is largely towards the 
multipurpose plant that we are building out. The project is running a little behind 
schedule, because of certain materials that we have been struggling to get on 

 
time. But currently, we are out looking the commissioning of the plant within this 
financial year itself. 
As far as the products that I alluded to, which are awaiting regulatory approval, 
both of them are small opportunities initially. So we will see only small revenue 
coming from there. One of these products is to be produced in our multipurpose 
plant, perhaps towards the end of FY '24. That depends on by when the 
regulatory approval will come. And one is a product that we will be formulating for 
one of our customers. All going well, regulatory approval being available, we 
should do that in the next financial year. So these are things that are small 
building blocks for our contract manufacturing business, which will grow over a 
period of time in terms of the size. 
Akul Broachwala: 
And specifically for MPP, are we targeting any specific customers, wherein we tie 
up a few supply contracts with them? Or here also, we are expecting some bit of 
regulatory cycle/approval cycle to play in, and because of that, probably the 
revenue contribution might delay even further. So are we looking at those kind of 
delays as well? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Certainly, we are going to have to go through a regulatory process. And while we 
are also looking at doing some intermediates, largely, we've been working on a.is 
only for some of these customers, which will require regulatory approval. So it will 
be maybe two years to three years before we will be able to have any significant 
revenues coming from the contract manufacturing opportunities that we are 
building out. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang         
Equities.  
S. Ramesh: 
Can you give us the value of exports you've done year-to-date this year 
compared to the year-to-date last year, and for the third quarter in terms of 
rupees crore? 
 

 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
International business, as I said, has done 31% growth. So the base sale was 
INR 574 crore. And this year, we have clocked INR 751 crore till now. We have 
called this out in our investor deck as well. 
S. Ramesh: 
And in terms of your MPP business, can you indicate, at full potential, what's the 
kind of revenue you can generate or an asset turn, if you're investing INR 250 
crore, would it be fair to assume about say, INR 400 crore to INR 500 crore 
revenue over the next three years? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Ramesh, perhaps we'll keep this answer for another meeting. Currently, we are 
out looking one of our own a.is to go into the MPP to start with. And we're also 
looking at another two contract manufacturing opportunities to be in this plant. So 
maybe six months from now, we will get a better fix on answering your question. 
S. Ramesh: 
And just one last thought, you're looking at the next two-three quarters being a 
little bit of a downturn in terms of pricing. If you look at FY 2021, prices have 
stabilized, assuming that you took 5% volume growth. Would it be fair to assume 
another 5% of price growth and say 10%-12% overall revenue growth, once 
markets are stabilized for Rallis, on a full year basis? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, the question is you're asking is that, what is the kind of volume growth and 
the price growth that we can expect. We are really looking at driving our overall 
growth. So whether it is from our domestic market, international market, or from 
our portfolio of crop nutrition. So all these levers we will be using for driving 
growth. So we would not like to specifically call out what is that percentage 
growth that we are driving for. 
Moderator: 
 We have our next question from the line of Darshita Shah from Antique 
Stockbroking. 
Darshita Shah: 
My question is regarding the seed provisioning. I think Subhra mentioned in her 
opening remarks, that we will be doing an exercise to identify the provisioning for 
the seed. So was that to do with identifying how much more provisioning do we 
require? Or was that to do with providing the actual provisioning number for the 
seed business? 

 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So typically, in Q4, we start planning for the processing and packing for our 
seeds business. And of course, it goes through a lot of quality checks. And as 
you are aware, we are sitting on considerable market returns coming out of FY 
'21, especially on the cotton side. So there will be a complete analysis done on if 
any further provisioning that may need to be done. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Darshita, typically as an annual exercise, we look at the entire impairment 
process in Q4. This is where in this year, we will see what the future saleable 
plan is. We will conduct this exercise and finish by Q4. 
Darshita Shah:  
So I think maybe in the second quarter, in the conference-call you had mentioned 
that, there might be some more provisioning happening for the cotton seed 
specifically, in the second half of the year. So do we expect something coming in 
for Q4? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes. I think there will be certain additional provisioning that may be called for. But 
we will get a fix, once we've done the entire process. 
Darshita Shah:  
Yes. So I wanted to get an understanding on the rent provisioning bit. I think we 
have made a provision of about INR40 million, during the current quarter. What 
will that be like for Q4? Will we be providing for the entire INR 44 crores -- on the 
provision for the entire INR 44 crore in the rest of FY '23? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
We have got a demand notice, as we have mentioned in the notes, of INR 43 
crore. This is for the period 2012 to 2022, which we have got it on a retrospective 
basis. So what we have provided is the management's estimate of the realistic 
amount that would be required to settle the obligation  till December '22. So in 
future periods on similar run-rate we'll be providing. We do not expect to provide 
the full amount at this juncture. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Somaiah V from Spark Capital. 
Somaiah V: 
First question, you did mention that on a Y-o-Y basis, the domestic revenue 
growth benefited from price hikes. On a Q-o-Q basis, was there any price hike? 
And second, given the RM price trajectory, the cooling off in RM, so the price 
hike part, is it largely done? Have we come to a point where the RM softening 

 
has happened and then any further price hikes are not required? That's my first 
question. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So on the domestic business side, we did mention that it's been largely price 
growth. So these are the price corrections that we have taken during the quarter. 
And of course, the pricing has to be in consonance, with what is the competitive 
situation at that point in time.  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It will be largely residual carry-forward pricing. The in-quarter pricing will be very 
low. When it starts anniversarizing is that price growth will come under pressure,  
Somaiah V: 
So my other question was, because the RM prices have already started to cool 
off maybe last couple of quarters. So are we at a point where further price hikes 
are not required? So the full impact of higher RM is something that is now gone 
by. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
We'll go by replacement pricing. We don't go by purchase price, and we'll have to 
keep the pricing relative to the market. And it's not that, across the portfolio, we'll 
have price drop or price increase. So depending on which pockets of the product, 
where is our pricing strength, what is the competitive scenario, that's how we 
take the pricing. But largely, the price hikes have now come down, and in very 
few pockets, we will see price hikes now coming through. 
Somaiah V: 
The other question is, the sales return, you said the domestic front that had an 
impact. Any color on what is the extent, and if not for this or on a normalized 
sales return basis, what would have been the volume impact in the current 
quarter on the domestic front? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It would be difficult to call out this number very specifically because we have 
made provisions for sales return, considering the historical run rate and 
management judgment. So I would say that, yes, the sales returns are higher, 
and this is especially as we called out, is in the Eastern market, where you know 
that there were a lot of vagaries of monsoon. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is during the first 9 months, can you split up what was the 
volume growth in domestic and international market? 

 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
International market, our growth was 31%. I would say it's fairly balanced 
between volume and price. So we can say that it's a good growth. In domestic 
market, our growth was 14.6%. Here price growth constitutes a major part of it 
but we have got volume growth as well in low single digits. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And second question is, we mentioned about the seeds business re-organization, 
on the vegetable seeds front, cotton-seeds front. So when do you expect that this 
exercise will get over and we'll see the normalized performance from the seeds 
business? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So Rohit, I'll just go back to what we had said at the Q2 call, what we had 
mentioned is, that we are going to be subsuming our vegetable seeds business 
into the field crop business. So there is no separate line of business for vegetable 
seeds. It is now all part of the seeds sales organization. So that exercise has 
been completed.  
And what we had also done is, just to avoid any serious issue on market returns 
on the vegetable seeds side, we had also moderated the placement of vegetable 
seeds. So therefore, when you see our revenue on the seed side, it is reflective 
of the lower placement of vegetable seeds. That being said, the work is 
complete. The sales team harmonization has been completed.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
And just small clarification, on these slow-moving inventories, Subhra explained 
that the decision will be taken in Q4. Once these slow-moving inventories 
decision in terms of provisioning is taken, from Q1 FY '24, we'll have a 
normalized seed business, where-in based on the demand-supply situation, the 
returns will come, and we will not have to take extra provisioning for any excess 
inventories? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
That is our intention, Rohit. We want to just make sure that the business is back 
to its normal flow. And we had also mentioned in our earlier call that, we are 
going to be looking at our seeds business very closely. So some of the 
aggressive growth plans that we had set out in the previous year, we had 
moderated it. And you are aware, that the seeds cycle tends to be almost two to 
three years, starting with parent seed production, hybrid seed production. So we 
had reduced the acreage that we had taken up for the potential growth in our 
seeds business. So we had moderated all of that. So with whatever corrections 

 
that we need to do during Q4, we would be on a normal sales cycle business 
from the upcoming kharif, that is Q1 of next year. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
We will do a complete exhaustive exercise. So looking at complete inventory 
levels and even doing a proper impairment testing. So that from Q1, as you 
rightly said, we are going by the flow of market demand and supply. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Firstly, I would like to have some clarity on earlier participant’s question about the 
two contract manufacturing products. So approvals are pending on our side or 
from the customer end, and have we worked on the pilot project as of yet? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes, The pilot was -- all approvals are in place. As far as we are concerned, the 
process is now at the customer end for the regulatory approval. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. Thank you for the clarification. So one question from my side is on the 
biologicals side. So on the biologicals space, how we are placed and how has 
the market outlook been as of now, especially when government is pushing for 
more towards this bio-fertilizers side? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, this is actually an important part of our own growth strategy, growth plans for 
our overall domestic business. And as has been called out, we have seen a good 
growth even in Q3, while the crop protection may have been a bit subdued, the 
crop nutrition category, which includes things like biologicals, micronutrients and 
the soil conditioners. We are collectively calling it as a crop nutrition category. So 
we are seeing good traction for this category. We've also been adding newer 
products, which have been well received, including some of the bio-pesticides. 
So we are continuing to add more products into this category as well. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Any contribution percentage we are targeting in the next two, three years at 10%-
15% kind of number? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So one of the things, that we have articulated and that is also for our domestic 
crop protection business, we believe that our network and our sales organization, 
will help us deliver better than the average for the industry, whether it is crop 
protection or crop nutrition. So if the crop nutrition category is growing at an 
average of 15%, our objective is to grow at a rate which is higher than the 

 
average of the industry. So in a way, you can take that as a guidance for our own 
growth plans, for both domestic crop protection as well as domestic crop 
nutrition. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Secondly, we have been anticipating to expand our export business from 35% 
currently to maybe 40% in the next few years. So given the current situation in 
the Europe side, any revision there would be possible or are we still looking at 
the same number? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So I think it may be too early for us to be revising our stance on this because this 
is all linked with what we are referring to internally as our long-term strategic 
plan, which includes the capital investment program for building capacities. So 
largely for our existing product category, we have done the de-bottlenecking to 
increase capacities, and we will invest further for the products that we believe we 
still have some headroom for growth. 
And as far as the expansion of our exports portfolio is concerned, there, we've 
got what we call the catalogue products, which is the Pendi, Metri, Hexa and that 
category, for which we are adding new patent molecules into our portfolio. We 
had called out that Difenoconazole is the next product that we will be adding to 
our catalogue of export products. Likewise, on the contract manufacturing, while 
we have signed up, three contracts for the contract manufacturing business. We 
have a number of projects which are currently at various stages of lab, as well as 
kilo and the pilot stage as well. So these will also in due course of time, convert 
into firm contracts, price contracts. So this is playing out, I would say, reasonably 
well, and we will build additional capacities in due course of time. Our first 
milestone is to get the multi-purpose plant commissioned and its capacity 
utilization fully in place. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. 
Rohan Gupta: 
First question is on our domestic business growth, which is roughly 7% for the 
quarter. Would it be possible for you to give some breakup on the volume and 
price led growth? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Rohan, volume was flat, and large part of the growth is price driven. 

 
Rohan Gupta: 
And similarly, in the international business, this is 7% downfall. Is it also led by 
the price drop? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
No, de-growth is more volume driven. There's still some pricing, but it's largely 
volume driven de-growth. 
Rohan Gupta: 
And any particular reason for the international market being weak in the current 
quarter, while on YTD level, we have still done pretty decent, so is there any one-
off which has impacted the international event volume? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Rohan, perhaps you joined the call a little late, but I think we had answered this 
question. Even in Q2 when we had our quarterly results call, we had mentioned 
that we are seeing some pressure on off-take of our category of products, 
especially the Hexaconzole and Pendimethalin. So we had actually expected a 
slightly slower growth in the H2. I would say that this is in a way, playing out. We 
expect our volume growth to be back on track. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, pardon me, because I joined the call late, so I would have missed out on 
those numbers. Just a last thing from my side, is on our long-term strategy, which 
you were just talking about. So there you see that the capex led growth and the 
company will continue to focus on capex and basically building the capacities in 
intermediates.  
Sir there, I think we are still lacking in terms of the growth visibility, on the 
products and the product pipeline, and also in the CRAMS business any new 
customer additions or new product development. So sir, though we are talking 
about in a long-term strategy, we will invest in that business, is there any product 
development in the customer confidence, you are gaining, and how much 
investment do you see that, over next 2 to 3 years, we can invest, we can make 
in CRAMS or building up the intermediate business for exports? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So I did mention that, one is that we've already got 3 small contracts signed-up. 
The other is, a number of our opportunities are at various stages of development, 
either the lab or the kilo scale or the pilot scale. That is the next level of 
opportunities which will get converted into agreements and contracts. And the 
next level is number of visits by both Japanese as well as Europe-based 

 
companies, to our facilities have taken place, where we are positioning ourselves 
as a partner of choice for both intermediates, as well as the actives. 
So we do expect this contracts list to start growing, as we move forward. As of 
now, we've got three contracts that have been signed up. We expect to progress 
along that over the next couple of months. As far as the new product introduction, 
what we are calling our catalogue products, is concerned, Difenoconazole, we 
will be commercializing as the first product from the multi-purpose plant. We've 
also called out that every year, we expect to add at least one new active 
ingredient into our catalogue product.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jasmin Kaur from Fortuna Investment 
Advisors. 
Jasmin Kaur: 
So my question is on the receivables, which had increased substantially. So is 
there any relief on that front? And what is the situation now? And also I wanted to 
know that, why exactly the receivable position had increased so much? Is it more 
on the domestic side or also on the international side that we are seeing this 
increase? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
There were two parts to it, I'll dissect domestic-international first. Since our 
international business was growing, and typically credit period there is longer. 
That has caused one impact. Secondly, we also mentioned about the fact that we 
have stopped discounting for one of our key customers, which is where the 
international receivables have gone up. Nevertheless, there is no overdue in any 
of our international customers. 
Moving to domestic parties. Yes, there was collection which had got stuck up 
because of kharif rainfall. But we are now working towards how do we drive this 
collection, and we've seen good progress last month. We hope to get more 
normalcy around it in Q4. This is a focus area for us. 
Jasmin Kaur:  
So Q3 would have been lower than compared to Q2? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Not in receivables perspective, because our international customers, there were 
some payments which had not come in by December. But yes, Q4, January 
onwards, we have started seeing the trend reversing. 

 
Jasmin Kaur: 
A small question on the contract manufacturing, I understand the other two 
contracts that you have, and they will achieve a meaningful scale in 2 to 3 years, 
because registrations are pending. But on the PEKK revival, is there any 
meaningful impact we will see on the numbers on account of PEKKs in the 
coming quarters? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I mentioned that some business we are expecting to do during Q4 itself. This is 
extremely encouraging, because you'll be aware that for the last 2 years, the 
plant has remained idle. So the plant has been restarted, and we are going to be 
exporting some of the PEKK that is, the order that we have received. So this is a 
positive sign. In fact, since it goes largely into the airline industry, we are seeing 
a revival of the airline industry itself. So I believe that maybe in the next six to 
nine months, the plant should also be back to a good capacity utilization. But we 
are still awaiting the next year's plan from our customer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to management team 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thank you, and thanks everyone for the questions. And I hope that we've been 
able to provide necessary clarity on the results. Q4 is a smaller quarter, and our 
larger focus will be on planning for the next upcoming kharif season. We expect 
international business to start picking momentum from Q1, as I had mentioned. 
We will continue to pursue all efforts to drive maximum utilization of our plants 
and get volume-led growth, with price growth coming under pressure. 
And as far as the seeds business is concerned, we are focused on developing a 
clear roadmap for the seeds business, and will also conclude the review of 
inventory and any impairment that may need to be taken. So the business is 
back to usual from the upcoming kharif. Our long-term strategy for driving 
competitive growth remains on track, and we will keep reviewing all opportunities 
as relevant. With that, I'll hand it back to the moderator, till we meet three months 
from now. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Rallis India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
