 
 
KPL/SEs/EP 
25.01.2023 
 
                                                             
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code: 532937     
Scrip ID: KUANTUM 
                                              
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex       
Bandra (East)   
Mumbai 400 051 
Trading Symbol: KUANTUM 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3-FY23 Earnings Conference Call of Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 & 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call conducted on 20th January, 2023 to discuss Q3-FY23 earnings. It is hereby 
confirmed that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the call. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: 
www.kuantumpapers.com  
 
This for your information and record. 
 
For Kuantum Papers Ltd 
 
 
 
 
(Vivek Trehan) 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
Vivek 
Trehan
Digitally signed 
by Vivek Trehan 
Date: 2023.01.25 
19:36:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Kuantum Papers Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PAVAN KHAITAN – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KUANTUM PAPERS LIMITED 
 
MR. ROSHAN GARG –CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KUANTUM PAPERS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH MAJUMDAR – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Kuantum Papers Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Majumdar from Batlivala & Karani Securities 
India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yes. Thanks, Tanvi, and good day to all of you. We have with us today the management team 
of Kuantum Papers represented by Mr. Pavan Khaitan, Vice Chairman and Managing Director 
and Mr. Roshan Garg, the Chief Financial Officer. Congratulations, sir, on a great set of 
numbers. 
I think the company has been doing well consistently for the last few quarters. And we have seen 
that the paper prices have been strong for most of the last six months or eight months. So I would 
-- without saying anything more, I would like to hand over the floor to you for your opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Thank you, Rajesh, for this introduction and also to B&K Securities for hosting this earning call 
today. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome for this quarterly earnings 
conference call to discuss the results and business update for the third quarter and nine months 
ended financial year 2023. 
It's a pleasure to connect with all of you again. Let me briefly take you through the quarterly 
business highlights and industry developments, following which Mr. Roshan Garg, our CFO, 
will take you through the financials. I'm happy to announce that we closed the third quarter of 
FY '23 on a very strong note, with the company reaching its highest ever revenue and EBITDA 
mark on the back of healthy pricing scenario and cost optimizations. 
The Indian paper industry is on a relatively strong footing on the back of the implementation of 
the NEP, the National Education Policy, and the ban on single-use plastic imposed by the 
government of India. This has opened a huge opportunity for the industry as paper is the rightful 
replacement to plastic products used for packaging, including food wrapping. 
Overall, Indian paper industry is expected to continue its growth trajectory in the coming years, 
driven by an increasing trend in demand and supportive government policies. During the quarter, 
our company has seen strong demand for our products, which has resulted in a robust increase 
in our revenues and profitability.  
This quarter, we reported our highest ever revenue and EBITDA with significant growth on a 
year-on-year basis. There is a healthy growth in order books and on the back of strong demand 
pull for our products and higher NSRs. -- focus on improving our operational efficiencies and 
cost optimizations have helped us achieve an EBITDA level of 30% this quarter. 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
The company has now finalized plans to spend INR 285 crores towards capacity expansion and 
cost optimizations, particularly on the energy front. We will increase the production capacity on 
all our four existing paper machines by up to 25% in the next financial year. Towards this, the 
modification work on our PM1 and PM2 has already started in December of 2022.  
From a sustainability perspective, we continue to educate local farmers on the benefits of social 
forestry and have also increased the production of in-house clonal varieties of wood species. 
Innovative technologies are being adapted to save water consumption by up to 20%- 25% in our 
plant operations, which will have a salutary effect on our environment.  
Now I will request Mr. Roshan Garg, our CFO, to give you a brief about the quarterly financials.  
Roshan Garg: 
Thank you, Pavanji, and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to brief you on the financial 
performance of the third quarter and nine months period ended financial year 2023. We reported 
our highest-ever quarterly revenue of INR 351 crores, which increased by 53% on a year-on-
year basis. The EBITDA for quarter three FY 23 stood at INR 105 crores, which grew by 244% 
on a year-on-year basis, with EBITDA margin reported at 30%.  
Net profit stood at INR 57 crores and PAT margins reported at 16.3%. For nine months in FY 
23 income from operations stood at INR 966 crores, representing a growth of 67% year-on-year. 
EBITDA stood at INR 265 crores, growing by over 200%. Net profit stood at INR 71 crores. 
This is after an adjustment of exceptional item being noncash of INR 63.42 crores, which has 
been mentioned earlier in June ’22 quarterly results. 
Robust cash flows have allowed the company to further prepay loans of INR 105 crores of the 
restructured term debt loans in December 2022. This is in addition to the quarterly installments 
being paid from September ’22 onwards. During the year, the external credit rating has been 
further revised upward to A- for long-term loans and A2+ for short-term loans from BBB+ and 
A2, respectively, by CARE Rating Limited. We would now be happy to discuss any questions, 
comments or suggestions you may have.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sandesh Barmecha from Haitong Securities. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Sir, can you give me sales volume for this quarter, last quarter and Q3 FY ‘22, if possible? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
We are operating at 100% capacity. We are doing 38,000 tons in this quarter as well as the 
previous quarter. And that is why we felt the need to increase our capacities and that by the 
investment in our machines to increase capacity by about 25%. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
What was the volume last year, sir, same quarter? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Last year, the same quarter was similar, about 39,000 tons. Actually, it varies according to GSM. 
We are now being able to attract orders of lower GSM, but with a higher realization. So, a little 
bit of difference in volumes, you will notice there, but not much on an overall term. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Sir, what would be our outlook for paper prices for next quarter – this quarter? 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So fortunately, we are serving the market needs where the prices, I believe, are quite stable now. 
Though we have seen a slight dip of about INR 1,000 per ton currently. But as a result of our 
stronghold in the market, we – our realizations were at INR 90,000 per metric ton plus, which 
has gone up from 86,000 in the previous quarter. So, we are yet at a very high pricing level. So 
even if there is a reduction of INR 1 or INR 2, not more than that, we will still have a very, very 
good top line and bottom line. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
So we expect to see it continuing for next 2 quarters as well, right, sir? Basically? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
That is true. We will see a continued trend in the pricing at a similar level. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
So Chinese pulp prices have corrected from peak of around $865 per ton. So, they’re currently 
trading around $800. So, what would be your outlook for global pulp prices for the next 2 
quarters? Would we witness a sharp slowdown in the paper and packaging demand along with 
the supply side pressure also since large new supplies are there to commence in Q4 as well. So 
do we see any correction happening on that and pulp price? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
It’s a good question, Sandesh. Earlier, we would witness a corresponding change in paper prices 
according to the ruling pulp prices inevitably between about a one, two-month lag. But we have 
not witnessed such price reduction despite pricing coming down earlier. Wood pulp pricing had 
reached a high level of $1,200 per ton. 
And even despite coming down by about $400 a ton, the pricing of paper has actually gone up 
in the interim from a level of about INR 65,000 per ton at the start of the year, we are now ruling 
at INR 90,000 per ton. So that correlation, a direct correlation between wood pulp pricing and 
paper pricing within India is not there anymore, prevalent there anymore. 
However, we do not rule out the correlation completely, and I think that is why we are seeing a 
slight reduction in pricing because – largely because demand is now stabilizing at these levels. 
And I think with the implementation, rightful implementation of NEP, the demands would pick 
up and help stabilize the pricing further.  
Sandesh Barmecha: 
So, if I may, sir, what would be our mix between low GSM and high GSM production of paper? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
We are doing about 50%-50%. 50% is in the GSM ranges up to 56, 58 GSM and balances 60 
GSM and above. So that’s the 60 GSM is the cutoff mark between what we call as a high GSM 
paper and below that is the low GSM paper. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Sir, if I may, last question, sir. Sir, what will the price difference between domestic and imported 
paper prices near the port area at the moment? And how different is it from the pre-COVID 
levels? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So today, the export realization for us is about INR 8,000 lower than the domestic market. And 
yes, in the COVID times, the export market was actually helping us fetch a better price. That 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
was largely because the Indian market was almost not there, schools, colleges, high consumption 
areas being totally lock down and completely closed. 
So that’s the scenario. And I think this is what we’ve witnessed the export market because of a 
larger competition base normally gets a ruling of price ruling of about INR 8,000 to INR 10,000 
lower than the domestic market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ganpat Mehta from Suncity Advisors. 
Ganpat Mehta: 
We can see the growth is muted for the quarter two and quarter three in value terms as well as 
right now in the volume terms also. Can you give some guidance for the Q4? Will the same trend 
continue? Or there may be some change. Second question of mine is in regards to your expansion 
plan for INR 285 crores, wherein you have mentioned that it’s only modernization of paper mill 
and pulp mill. Will there be any capacity expansion? Or is there no capacity expand sir? 
And my third question is regarding this part of other expenses. This consists of power and fuel 
cost of chemicals and above, which constitute around 43% of the total expenses. So there, what 
type of saving reduction we are – we have achieved or we are planning in the future to reduce 
this cost part. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Ganpatji, the trending for volumes is going to be very similar. As I mentioned, we are currently 
operating at 100% capacity. That trend is going to continue. And with a similar pricing level that 
I'm budgeting for in the next quarter, we are targeting a revenue of close to INR 350 crores in 
the Q4 as well. With regards to capacity expansion, it's a combination of investment in our paper 
machines, pulp mill and the energy side. 
So yes, the investment in the paper mill will release about 25% additional capacity from the 
current 1,50,000 tons, we are going to -- we are planning to go up to 2,00,000 tons per annum 
capacity. And investments in pulp mill will reduce our cost of operations as well as on the energy 
side, it is going to help reduce our energy cost by about close to 20%. So that will cover your 
question on your expenses of power and fuel. 
The power and fuel expenses actually went up phenomenally because cost of coal rose up 
dramatically in the past year from a level of about INR 5,500 per ton, coal was being sold in the 
market for close to INR 14,000 to INR 15,000 per ton. So that was the reason why high fuel cost 
was observed for us as well as most other industries. And what there is where the need has been 
felt to reduce this dependence on energy costs and reduce it by optimizing our operations 
accordingly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I had one question on this syllabus change. If I remember correctly that the syllabus change for 
ICSE and CBSE was supposed to be a big driver for the paper industry in the near term. Has that 
taken place? Or will it take place? Can you give us some color on that? 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So Rajesh, it has yet not been implemented. This part of the syllabus change is yet in the offing. 
It is expected in the one is expecting that for the next education year, which starts in August of 
'23 for the colleges, at least it should start. For the schools, it may come in, in the month of 
March and April of '24. But even if the syllables for colleges changes, that could show a dramatic 
shift in demand and a pool of demand for paper for the industry. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
That's roughly about 40% of our market, right? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Adil Garg, Individual Investor. 
Adil Garg: 
I have a few questions that I would like to understand from the management. I have been tracking 
the company's performance from last two years and witnessed a sharp increase in the margins 
from Q1 of this financial year. The last quarter of the previous financial year, margins were in 
the range of 13% to 15%. And then in this year, the margins are almost doubled. So, what are 
the major reasons for that? Is it all due to the better NSR or have the company undertaken any 
cost reduction measures? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Thank you for that question. We actually set out a large backward integration project of 
consisting of our own wood pulp mill, a chemical recovery and our captive power in the year 
2018, which got commissioned in March of '21. So now the fruits of that entire capex plan is 
coming to bear, and we have seen a huge reduction in cost of our operations as well, which has 
lent very, very healthily and dramatically to this EBITDA margin increase. 
So, if you see the price increase has helped us grow by about 30-odd percent, but the cost 
reduction also been dramatic. So, both have helped in tandem to increase our EBITDA levels 
from the as rightfully said, from about 15% to the current 30% mark. 
Adil Garg: 
So is this margin sustainable? Or is there any further scope of increase in the margins from here? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, we are targeting a slight bit increase with this further investment that we are planning, 
which is growing our volumes by 25% and reducing our energy costs and chemical costs 
somewhat. energy cost is surely going to reduce by 20-odd percent and chemical cost by way of 
better efficiencies, we are targeting an EBITDA level of 33% now going forward, which we 
should be able to achieve in financial year 24-25. The whole of next year will take to implement 
this entire capex plan of INR 285 crores. And the results of that will be very, very visible in 
financial year 24-25. 
Adil Garg: 
And what is the present raw material mix? And if you could highlight about the current prices 
of agri and wood? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So we are doing a 50%, 50% of agro pulp and wood pulp and which we are sort of manufacturing 
all internally. we are buying wheat straw to make our agro pulp and certain species of wood 
chips and veneer chips is a variety of wood species that we buy. And even we include bamboo 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
in that. And all that is pulped and sort of blended to make the wood pulp of the desirable quality 
that we require -- if you see today, wheat straw pricing is at about INR 10,000 per ton and wood 
pricing is at about INR 7,000 to INR 7,500 per ton average.  
Adil Garg: 
 
And one last question. Any update on capex on tissue paper plant?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, that is part of this INR 285 crores spend. So yes, we will be investing in the tissue line as 
well and upgrading that and commissioning that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir you did mention that because of the efficiencies that will be put into place, we will be 
reducing our requirement for chemicals also. So could you please elaborate more on the same 
whether what were you trying to explain, sir?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So in the pulp mill, we are going to put up a twin roll press where the efficiencies of pulping 
increased dramatically and the requirement of chemicals reduces for the pulp making process, 
and we are going to put this twin roll press in both our agro pulping Street as well as our wood 
pulping Street. So that will help in reducing the cost of operations and cost of chemicals in our 
pulp making process.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And by what percentage, sir? And is it this technology only we are newly introducing or other 
mills have already done the same? Is the new norm there?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
It's already an established technology. All the big mills have already implemented this. And we 
will be also taking off this technology and helping upgrade our pulping facility.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And what kind of reduction are? So mainly the chemical includes the caustic part or others also, 
if you could give elaborate slightly more on the same?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Even the caustic, yes, the caustic addition in our pulping process will decrease as well as the 
bleaching chemicals. So because of the establishment of this twin roll press, the losses that we 
incur on our pulping will reduce. And that is why the subsequent processes will require lesser 
chemicals to bleach and prepare the pulp.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Last small point, sir, what has been our utilizing levels you mentioned it for this quarter and for 
the nine-months?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
Utilization of what?  
Saket Kapoor: 
 
Plant utilization?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
100%. Our machines are working to 100% capacity. And for the last two quarters, even the first 
quarter as well. And that is why the need has been felt to upgrade our plant operational capacities, 
and that is why this plan of capex plan has been made to increase our operational capacity by 
about 25%.  

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, there were some news also for the import -- some amount of import going ahead. I think 
the BIS standards, there were some manufacturers who were looking for the certification from 
government. And now with that into the way, there will be some quantity or there will be a 
quantity of papers are now being imported in the country. So any update you would like to give 
and what has been the imported quantity for the nine-months and the comparative number?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So the question with respect to imports of paper, I think that was the BIS standards are likely to 
change for the copier grade of paper, and that is going to clearly affect the imports as well. And 
currently, in the last -- in the current financial year, there have hardly been any volume of imports 
of copier grades. And largely, this is also because the PIMS was implemented by government of 
India. That's the Price Import Monitoring System, whereby every quantity and volume of paper 
has to be declared by the trader and government is regulating the imports of paper in a big way. 
So good control on imports is there, and I don't see a huge effect of imports in the long run, 
affecting our paper industry in the future. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, the volume number, can you give any share on a comparative basis with these steps taken 
by the government. And it is only to provide the level playing field to the Indian producers 
because I think so Indonesia and all have been there for selling or dumping if I may use in the 
country. It is to avoid that issue? Or what could be the reason for these monitoring that have 
taken place? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So pre-COVID, we were importing about 4 million tons of paper on an overall aspect and the 
industry size within India was about 15 million to 16 million tons. So almost 25% capacity was 
coming in by way of imports that has drastically come down. And this year, we are seeing levels 
of -- at the year-end, we should see no more than 1.75 million tons overall coming into India. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And can you give some more understanding what should be the likelihood going ahead? These 
norms already had the impact or going ahead, this 1.75 will can further go down? Or is it the 
incremental demand, inherent demand in the country that will continue with some imports. There 
has to be some import in that case. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So India is witnessing quite a strong demand. And I think it is quite an attractive situation for 
any trader or exporter from abroad to deal in. And I think India is an attractive destination for 
trading and business opportunity. So I think with growing demand, there is likely to be a certain 
effect on increasing imports, but I'm sure it will stay at a similar level, maybe it can go up to 2 
million, 2.5 million, but then the market will also grow from the current 18 million to 20 million 
tons, it is likely to grow up to 25 million to 30 million tons in the next four-five years. So it's 
going to have a corresponding effect on market growth versus increase in imports, if any. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And on the chemical part, sir, you were explaining that I missed the point. The requirement will 
go down. How have the pricing being sir, for the chemical requirements, especially for the 
caustic and bleaching agent?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Fortunately for us, with us having a complete chemical recovery plant, our requirement for 
caustic is very-very minimal. We hardly, our demand is only for makeup chemical, which is 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
about 3% of our entire demand. And that's about no more than 250 tons a month. So even though, 
yes, caustic prices are currently ruling at about INR 62,000 per ton level, but the impact for us 
is very-very minimal because of our own chemical recovery system that we have in place.  
Saket Kapoor: 
 
And what is our market share, sir, currently in the copier segment? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Copier segment, so our -- we deal very-very differently. We are serving the entire marketing 
needs of the publishing sector, the printing sector, the notebook manufacturing and all sorts. So 
our -- so total copier production for us is about 20% of our entire production, and we are able to 
market that quite efficiently and economically. So as such, if you see the percentage in the copier 
market will be low, but our realizations for our copier brand is higher than the others. So it's a 
good mix for us, and we are quite happy dealing with these volumes because we are also getting 
a good NSR on our writing and printing paper segments to match. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vardhaman Sancheti from AVS Equiserve. 
Vardhaman Sancheti: 
Congratulations sir, on good set of number. My question is that what is the current tissue plant 
expansion in INR 285 crores around? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
That's the spend envisaged there is about INR 35 crores to INR 40 crores and will help us 
establish a capacity of about 35 ton a day. 
Vardhaman Sancheti: 
Are we making any tissue paper as of now. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
No. As of now, there is no tissue paper. No, sorry. 
Vardhaman Sancheti: 
And what are the other grades of paper are we looking in, for new development? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So we are looking at this food grade wrapping paper, which is an opportunity which has come 
about by virtue of this single-use plastic ban and paper will be a rightful replacement for all 
kinds of food wrapping requirements. So we are doing extensive research and R&D into creating 
a food wrapping paper, and we should be entering that market in the next three to four months. 
Even items like straws and cup stock and things like that, sort of food-related paper items is what 
we are looking at and getting a good opportunity and growth prospects from. 
Vardhaman Sancheti: 
Sir, after reaching like INR 285 crores on capex plan, so we will be reaching around 2 lakhs 
capacity. So what after that?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Well, I think with healthy cash flows and being able to create quite a big war chest of funds for 
ourselves. We could look at another, either a speciality paper machine of one lakh tons or even 
look at a 300 ton to 400 ton board machine, but that only time will tell. But yes, suffice to say 
that we will have enough funds available at hand to look at that kind of project in about 2 to 2.5 
years time. 
Vardhaman Sancheti: 
So like this would come around '26, '27? 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Sreemant Dudhoria from Sree Capital. 
Sreemant Dudhoria: 
Just one question. For your agro-waste pulping capacity, could you please comment on the 
pricing trends for the agro-waste? What has been the rate in the past quarter? And the previous 
quarter? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
In the past quarter, our average pricing was about INR 11,000 per ton as such for wheat straw. 
In the previous quarter, it was about INR 8,000 per ton, so quite a dramatic increase in pricing 
of this agro residue. But in the current quarter, Q4 of the year, we are seeing a decreasing trend 
because the new wheat straw crop which is going to arrive in April and the farmers necessarily 
have to sell their entire available stock of wheat straw that they have and they only have these 
three months to do that. So we are witnessing quite a reduction in these pricing and which is 
quite a healthy trend of reduced pricing for us. 
Sreemant Dudhoria: 
So what was this number, same quarter last year Q3 of '22? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
Q3 of '22 was at about INR 6,000 per ton. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ganpat Mehta from Suncity Advisors.  
Ganpat Mehta: 
Sir, as regards the paper business of the company is concerned, you are doing good utilizing 
100% of the capacity improving the EBIDTA and year-on-year working is also good. That is all 
good and fine. But I am more interested to hear from your side on the cellulose ethanol pilot 
project for the rice straw management for which you successfully established the technology and 
a pre-commercial plant. So what is the next step? Is there any commercial plant coming up in 
near future or is there any tie-up going on with some PSU or some franchisee you can give or 
how the commercial part of that pilot plant can be of beneficial to the company in coming future? 
So would like to hear more from you on this subject. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Well, Ganpati ji, I'll keep the answer very short. We are wanting to be a strictly paper focused 
company. It was a foray into wanting to create an innovative technology and it ends there. As a 
company, we don't intend monetizing that technology at all. We will be sequestering that 
technology into a separate company and that separate company will see the light of day on its 
own accord. But no expansion or operation of ethanol of any sort will come into Kuantum. 
Kuantum will continue to remain a paper-specific company. 
Ganpat Mehta: 
Will there be any relationship of current shareholders with that company or it will be totally 
detached?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Totally different. That company will on its own come to the market as and when required and I 
think as shareholders of this company you will get an opportunity to invest there as and how the 
time allows in future. 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Ganpat Mehta: 
There is no issue whether it's a new company or it's the same company. But as this company 
Kuantum has invested and successfully implemented this pre-commercial pilot plant. So just I 
was interested to hear more on that line. And what is the potential of that technology or the plant 
or the project, which either with this company or in a separate company, what can be the revenue 
guidance estimated on down the line? If you can give some details. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
I'm sorry, I will not be able to comment because I'm clearly focusing on the paper side of it and 
restricting myself from the ethanol. As and how that ethanol story comes into public domain, 
you will surely hear about it. And at that point in time, we will make an effort to reach out to 
you. But I certainly, on my part, will not be playing any role in the ethanol, operation at all.  
Ganpat Mehta: 
 
Sir, is it not profitable or something else?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
No, it's certainly profitable. Ethanol is a very-very profitable and Greenfield project 
opportunities are huge. But I personally want to focus only on paper and growing this aspect. So 
that's why I'm precluding myself from the ethanol, because I don't want to divert my attention 
into it. That also requires a huge amount of attention and time, and I will not be able to devote 
it successfully to both paper and ethanol. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Govindlal Gilada, Individual Investor. 
Govindlal Gilada: 
I've got a few questions. First thing there, it is a request or advice. This time you are given in 
presentation sales volume. Last two quarters I am observing where we are giving production 
sales volume. This time it is sales and last time it is production. So it is better sir if you do both 
or comparing it will be better. Last time it is a production-based revenue sales. So either you do 
sales volume every quarter or production value every quarter or both it will be most welcome if 
you do both. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
We are actually producing everything to order and our production and sales volume are normally 
very-very similar. You will hardly see any difference in these figures because whatever we 
produce, we sell in the same quarter. And if you see our year-end stock position or quarter-end 
stock position, you will find it within a manageable two days production level. Any which way 
you take it, whether it's the production volume or the sales volume, we'll find them very-very 
similar. But point taken, we'll keep to a similar pattern of presenting the data. 
Govindlal Gilada: 
Then next question is, in earlier participant or you are commenting that your EBITDA margin 
30% will be for 24-25. So I want to just categorically make clear it is 23-24 or 24-25? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
No, we are already currently achieving 30% and we will continue to achieve 30% in the ensuing 
financial year 23-24 as well. The 33% target is post when we established this capex plan of paper 
capacity enhancement and energy cost reduction initiatives. That is when we will target 
achieving 33% EBITDA in 24-25. 
Govindlal Gilada: 
So it is clear sir, for next year you are targeting 30% then year after that 24-25, 33%? 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
Correct.  
Govindlal Gilada: 
In second quarter last previous call, somebody when asked, you mentioned that paper prices 
trend for next one or two years will be of similar what current prices are willing. So I am asking, 
is still you hold same view, sir? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Yes, they will be very similar because they are at a – reigning at a higher level. So in the last 
year the average paper pricing was about INR 60,000 per ton and now they are ruling at INR 
80,000-plus. We are commanding a price of INR 89,000 per ton currently. So it will be in the 
similar strain of about between INR 80,000- 85,000 ton levels for the next one, two years, at 
least. 
Govindlal Gilada: 
That is great. So then what is your outlook for pulp prices for next one or two years any your 
view on that? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So pulp pricing is a little difficult to detect and difficult to monitor because internationally, one 
has to take into account what are the new capacities coming in, what are the capacities closing 
down. It is very difficult to project what the pulp pricing is, but they should also remain within 
similar ranges of between $700 to $800 per ton or there arounds. 
Govindlal Gilada: 
So on the paper prices and pulp prices now already, they are in new range earlier prices were $ 
400 to $ 600, $ 700 range now it is -- so we can conclude that this all will be for the next one or 
two years, we will not be seeing earlier two year, three years back paper prices, INR 60,000 per 
pulp. So you need to tell that, sir, there will be no new rates in next one or two years?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
Correct, correct. I think with the role of sort of pricing going up with the cost push coming in 
and the sort of all kinds of prices going up and the inflation factors also coming in, we should 
be seeing these kind of price levels getting maintained. And you're rightly commenting that pulp 
pricing should be about $700 to $800 and the pricing of paper between INR 80,000 and INR 
85,000 -- that's correct. 
Govindlal Gilada:  
What is current pulp prices? Current pulp prices, for this current pulp prices? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
So pricing is about $780 for hardwood pulp and $840 for softwood pulp. 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from Batlivala & Karani Securities.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yes, sir. So I had a couple of macro questions. I mean other than you and TNPL, no one else is 
expanding capacity in writing and printing paper. And as we all know, as the economy matures, 
post this onetime demand from syllabus related, etc, we will see the kind of demand growth rates 
in W&P slowing down. So why are we expanding capacity at all in W&P. That was the first 
question. 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So even though the investment in paper machine capacity is coming in Rajesh, but not 
necessarily that we will stick to writing and printing paper. As I said, we are doing extensive 
research in making food grade paper. So the base paper remains the same. We can put in 
additional laminates of OGR and all and convert our same paper for food-grade wrapping 
purposes.  
So we are not going to restrict ourselves to in the Writing & Printing segment. In fact, we've got 
a large portfolio of specialty papers as well and a good bit of 15-odd percent of our capacity 
goes into manufacturer of specialty papers. There could be an advancement in capacities there 
as well. So we are quite flexible in our and nimble in our operations, and we have the option to 
convert sort of going forward. And as on how the opportunity will come in, we will sort of be 
sure to attract that kind of market with our diverse product portfolio. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So these are fungible production lines, which can be modified to make packaging paper is it? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Maybe somewhat a bit of components will may need to be added to sort of strictly make good 
quality food grade paper that can be easily looked at, at the appropriate time once the R&D 
activity gets concluded. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. And sir, secondly, why are you getting into tissue paper because you've seen two, three 
companies in this business struggling in the sense that export realizations are low and the 
domestic market hasn't grown as expected. So the realizations and the margins are -- will be 
dilutive for you? That was the other question.  
Pavan Khaitan: 
This is the plan right now, Rajesh, because as per our information, there are only largely two 
companies in India manufacturing tissue paper, which is Century and Orient. There is no other 
player to talk home about. And I think tissue paper requirements are growing in India post the 
pandemic situation and the awareness of hygiene growing up. And I see a huge potential in fact, 
tissue paper is growing at the healthiest rate of 20% CAGR going forward. So I think it will be 
worthwhile investing and it's not too bigger investment. It's about 35 tons per day and which will 
sort of make our entire portfolio also more flexible. As you rightly suggested, why stick into one 
category, we are looking at this differential category to bring flexibility in our volumes.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Sir, when we earlier look just before the pandemic got just two, three years again, China 
used to be a dominant player for the pulp and paper industry. How have things now currently 
changed? And has the new regime said that China would be now only for the domestic market? 
And what kind of role will China play? And then how then the price trends would likely be, as 
you have guided for this INR 88,000- INR 90,000 bands. So what have you factored in from 
China side, sir?  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So I think China is facing its own sets of challenges and problems. One is that it is tending to a 
population which is elderly and the working hands in China are reducing quite substantially. 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
You would have read may have read an article that came about three days ago. That is the first 
time in so many years that China's population has actually declined. 
So they are seeing a decreasing trend and which will clearly affect the working population as 
well and as well as the fact that China spent a lot in creating the infrastructure for machinery and 
industry, which may go abegging in future. And China will have to play its story very, very 
differently and contain its entire challenges that it is facing by way of the working population 
that they have. So I think the effect of China going forward will be limited -- it won't be as strong 
as what we witnessed in the pre-COVID years, and we will see a reduced intervention and impact 
of China in the world economy and trade going forward.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to drill once again, it is the ageing population or the reduction in the population growth, 
correct. But what would go along with the capacity, is that they have excess capacity and the 
market is enumerative, they can very easily create may improve the utilizing levels and again 
set the paper free in the market again. But what stops them for improving the utilization level, 
even though their inherent demand may go down as you are trying to explain? Or please correct 
me there...  
Pavan Khaitan: 
So I think it will be a combination and a variety of things. One is that clearly, there is a kind of 
anti-China sentiment that is getting generated in the world, people are not so amicable looking 
towards China as they were earlier. They are also sensing the kind of sort of Russian Ukrainian 
crisis that has emerged. The world is sort of on trepidation whether China would have the similar 
story with Vietnam as well. 
  
So I think every government is looking at it very, very individually, and we will be Indian 
government is clearly above board and all this and very, very sharp on all this and will not allow 
intervention from China, the way they used to do it earlier. And even if they have the spare 
capacities available with them, the fact is that they need working hands to run them. And this is 
something which has been witnessed not only in paper, but I think in lot many other industries, 
China is failing in its dominance in the world industry and trade per se. So I think with that, I 
would say that I'm just mentioning that the impact that China used to have prior to COVID will 
not will be much, much lesser now going forward.  
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt Saket Kapoor I would request you to please come back in the queue. The 
next question is from the line of Arun Chulani from First Water.  
Arun Chulani: 
Thank you so much for this call. And I just want to understand, you said for the next two years, 
we're going to be at record highs in terms of paper prices. So whether it's 85 or 90 as you are at 
now. And you said, primarily it's due to inflation, and of course, your EBITDA is around 30 and 
growing. Beyond the school syllabus, what are the other macro aspects that are keeping demand 
buoyant? As you might realize, there's, I mean, I know you said that also there's packaging, 
you're moving to other sectors, but what else is there? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
So we are a company which specializing in serving the marketing needs. We are a company 
which does customization for our customers as and how they require it, whether it is the GSM 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
or the size or the quantity, whatever it be, we take those orders. We don't work on standard 
orders. So our customization quality and variedness is much, much higher than any other 
company. And we are making a foray also into increasing our market penetration into areas 
which we were not present in and picking up orders from there as well.  
So our market outreach program is increasing and we will be creating a new GTM, a go-to-
market strategy going forward which will help us maintain our increased production levels and 
volumes that we generate and our way to sell them will clearly be there, a strategy will be 
developed. To ensure that we sell that as well.  
And in addition to this RTE which has come in, one is obviously is these single use plastic ban 
which has come in. And as I've mentioned, we are foraying into the innovation in R&D towards 
making food grade wrapping paper, which is going to be a huge market and a huge volume. We 
may see, we may end up dedicating one of our machines, particularly only for manufacturing 
food grade wrapping paper. That's a huge opportunity that I'm seeing going forward. 
Arun Galani: 
But just, I mean, what are the other drivers? Because I understand and I appreciate that, but are 
there any other aspects or that's it? Because I wouldn't imagine that your competitors are standing 
still, letting you penetrate their market. So there will be pushback and so on, or they aren't even 
going to food wrapping. What are the overall pulls to keep you at 100% utilization, to keep you 
at 85% to 90% realization, I mean INR 85 to INR 90 per kilo realization? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
I am not sanguine about keeping those realization. So even if they do come down, we are going 
to see a correlated effect in reduced costs as well. So if you see our agro pricing has gone up 
from INR 6,000 to INR 11,000 per ton, I am very sure and confident and even our fuel pricing 
is at an all-time high. I am very sure if that impact comes on to paper pricing, we are going to 
see somewhat effect on reduced cost of inputs as well, which will help enable me to maintain 
my margins thereabouts. So I am quite confident that it is not going to be a dramatic impact on 
my profitability angle as well.  
And one more factor would be that India is again a growing population and India is projected to 
grow to about 1.8 billion population by 2050 and which will clearly mean an increased demand 
for schools, education, Education is going to grow, schools, education institutions are going to 
grow, which will mean an increase in demand for paper as well. So I think all-in-all, for the next 
decade, clearly is going to be on an optimistic footing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rabindra Nath Nayak from Sunidhi Securities.  
Rabindra Nayak: 
One question, what is the average pulp cost for you in this quarter? And what is the -- if you said 
that your agro base cost is around, the wheat straw cost is around INR 10,000 to INR 11,000 per 
ton and INR 7,000 for wood. If wood remains constant and this price will come down to around 
say INR 6,000 to INR 7,000 for wheat straw prices, what would be the pulp cost? What is the 
current cost and what will be the pulp cost? 

 
Kuantum Papers Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Pavan Khaitan: 
The average pulp cost is about INR 43,000 per ton with agro currently being about INR 41,500 
and wood being INR 46,500. So with agro pulp cost coming down, I will observe and budget 
for a reduced agro pulp cost. And agro pulp cost should come down to about INR 38,000 per ton 
level. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
So can you please give me about the different grades of paper prices in this quarter? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
 
Average rate we commanded about INR 90,000-plus per ton. 
Rabindra Nayak: 
No, I'm just talking about different grades of paper. For example, writing & printing, copier, and 
different grades of paper. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
My specialty paper, some of them command as I, INR 98,000 per ton. This is the colored copier 
and colored paper that I make. Writing and printing paper, Maplitho is at about INR 92,000 per 
ton. Creamwove is at about INR 90,000 per ton. Copier is at about INR 92,000, but then you 
take the cost of packaging is higher. So again, the profitability that you get from copier is again 
about INR 89,000-INR 90,000 per ton. 
Rabindra Nayak:  
So this includes GST, right? 
Pavan Khaitan: 
No, this is net realization. GST is, if you include GST then we are commanding INR 1 lakh per 
ton-plus. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh 
Majumdar for closing remarks.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I would now like to hand over the conference to the management for closing remarks, if any. 
Pavan Khaitan: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings con call. I hope we have been able to answer all 
your questions satisfactorily. If you do still have any further questions or would like to know 
more about the company, please reach out to our IR managers at Valorem Advisors. We are very 
thankful to you all and to our investors, who have stood by us and had the confidence in the 
company's growth plans. And with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
