ANANDRATHI 
Private Wealth. uncomplicated 
Ref No: 80/2022-23 
Dated: January 18, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543415 
Scrip ID: ANANDRATHI 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: ANANDRATHI 
Subject: Q3 and 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company's Q3 and 9M FY 23 
earnings conference call dated 13th January, 2023. The transcript is also available on the 
Company's website at https://anandrathiwealth.in/lnvestorrelations.phg 
This·is for your information and record. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
Nitesh Tanwar 
Company Secretary and Compli 
M. No. FCS-10181 
Enclosed: as above 
ANAND RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
(Forme~y known as 'Anand Ralhl Wealth Services limited) 
P<lvol Weolth. uncompl>Coted 
AMFI-Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
CIN No.: U67120MH1995PLC086696 
Registered Office : Floor No 10, A Wing, Express Zone. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai· 400 063 
Board line No: 022 6281 7000 I Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
Co,porate Office 
: Floor No 2 & 3, Block B & C, E Wing, Trade Link. Kamala Mills Compound, Senapatl Bapat Marg, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 I Board line No: 022 69815400/69815401 Website: anandrathiwealth.in 
NITESH 
TANWA
R
Digitally signed 
by NITESH 
TANWAR 
Date: 2023.01.18 
18:59:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Anand Rathi Wealth Limited Q3 and 9M FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 13, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on January 13, 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 MR. RAKESH RAWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - ANAND RATHI 
WEALTH LIMITED 
 MR. FEROZE AZEEZ - DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - ANAND 
RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
 MR. JUGAL MANTRI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ANAND 
RATHI GROUP 
 MR. RAJESH BHUTARA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– ANAND RATHI 
WEALTH LIMITED 
 MR CHETHAN SHENOY – HEAD OF PRODUCT AND RESEARCH – ANAND 
RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
 MR. VISHAL SANGHAVI – HEAD -IR, INVESTOR RELATIONS – ANAND 
RATHI WEALTH LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Anand Rathi Wealth Limited Q3 and Nine 
Months FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Feroze Azeez. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you so much. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us for the conference call of 
earnings of the third quarter and the first nine months of this financial year. Along with me, I 
have Mr. Rakesh Rawal, who is our CEO, Mr. Jugal Mantri, who is our Group CFO, Rajesh 
Bhutara, who is our CFO, Mr. Chethan Shenoy, who is our Head of Product and Research, and 
I am also joined by Vishal Sanghavi, who is our Head of IR (Investor Relations) and also the 
SGA team, who is our Investor Relations Advisors. 
To begin from the quarter perspective, we have delivered a strong performance in the third 
quarter on all three businesses: The Private Wealth business, the Omni Financial Advisors 
channel business and also the Digital Wealth business. Our consolidated AUM has risen to INR 
38,517 crores, which is a 20% growth year-on-year and a 7% quarter-on-quarter. This, of course, 
is a testimony to our emphasis on providing uncomplicated, holistic and standardized solutions 
to our clients, which deliver the most efficient risk-reward portfolios. 
Our flagship Private Wealth business has grown its AUM by 20% year-on-year and 7% quarter-
on-quarter to INR 37,500 crores. Though on an industry level, the net flows in equity mutual 
funds de-grew by 55% in the quarter 3, we have grown by about 74% instead of the de-growth, 
which is what you've seen on the net flows on equity mutual funds. And our overall net flows 
have grown by 94% for the said period of nine months and that stood at about INR 3,715 crores. 
Indian HNIs, of course, have started moving money from physical assets to financial assets, and 
we have tried to capitalize this process by using mathematics to express the differential 
performance between physical and financial assets. And in the last nine months, we've added 
clients that is about 1,151 clients, as against 801 clients in the same period. That's a good 25% 
growth and above on the client addition rate. And also one very-very important thing for a 
business like ours, which we are very pleased to announce, that we have had zero-regret attrition 
for this quarter three. Regret attrition, any RM greater than INR 40 crores we classify as a regret 
attrition, has been zero, astonishingly so. 
Now coming to the Digital Wealth business. I would like to highlight that our Digital Wealth 
business AUM has grown by about 24% year-on-year and has moved up above the INR 1,000 
crores mark to INR 1,017 crores, in terms of AUM. The client set has grown by about 15%, 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
which is 4,076 clients now. That's on the Digital Wealth piece. OFA business, which is a SaaS 
platform, has added about 600 IFAs, give or take. And the assets under reporting has almost 
touched a INR 1 lakh crores. 
Before I hand it over to Mr. Mantri, I would also like to highlight that our long-term commitment 
of growing the assets under management by 20% - 25% remains intact and we are very positive 
that this number indicated from a long-term year-on-year perspective is a conservative number, 
given the fact that by the virtue of time and client portfolios' growth of 10% - 12%, we should 
be able to deliver the differential 13% - 14% by effort. 
And now, I hand it over to Jugal sir. Jugal sir, can you take it forward from here? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Thank you very much, Feroze bhai. Let me begin with extending New Year wishes to all the 
participants, that may 2023 brings tons of joy, happiness and prosperity to each one of you. 
Now coming to the company’s performance. Despite the short-term volatility, the mid- and long-
term outlook for the Indian capital market seems highly promising. We have delivered strong 
performance across all three verticals. Our consolidated revenue for the quarter ended 31st  
December 2022 stood at INR 140 crores as against INR 109 crores in Q3 FY '22, registering a 
growth of 29% Y-o-Y, while revenue for nine months FY '23 stood at INR 412 crores as against 
INR 311 crores in nine months ended FY '22, registering a growth of 32% year-on-year. 
Our profit before tax for the quarter stood at INR 58 crores, registering a growth of 36% Y-o-Y, 
whereas profit before tax for the nine months stood at INR 169 crores, registering a growth of 
37% Y-o-Y. Profit before tax margin is slightly better at 42% in Q3 FY '23 and 41% nine months 
FY '23. Our profit after tax for the quarter stood at a healthy INR 43 crores, registering a growth 
of 35% Y-o-Y as compared to INR 32 crores in Q3 FY '22.  
Profit after tax for nine months FY '23 registered a growth of 37% Y-o-Y, which stood at INR 
126 crores. Profit after tax margin is quite healthy at 31% in Q3 FY '23, which is the same for 
the nine months ended FY '22. Earnings per share for the quarter 3 FY '23, stood at INR 10.4 
per share and for the nine months, stood at INR 30.2 per share. 
For nine months FY '23, our flagship Private Wealth vertical's revenue grew by 33% year-on-
year, which stood at INR 397 crores while trail revenue grew by 27% Y-o-Y, which is stood at 
INR 135 crores. Profit before tax for nine months FY '23 on a standalone basis was at INR 168 
crores, registering a growth of 37% Y-o-Y, while PBT margin stood at 42%. Profit after tax for 
nine months FY '23 stood at INR 125 crores, registering a growth of 37% Y-o-Y, while PAT 
margin stood at 32%. 
The return on equity of our flagship Private Wealth vertical as on 31st December 2022 stood at 
healthy at 40%. Given the favorable long-term macroeconomic climate for India and the rise of 
local millionaires and billionaires, we believe there is significant untapped market for the wealth 
solution providers like us. 
With this, we will now open the floor for question-and-answer. Thank you. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
 
We have our first question from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, if you could share what kind of gross inflows in 3Q and 
if we can split the net inflows of INR 1,240 crores into between equity MF, debt MF and MLD? 
Feroze Azeez: 
 
Sorry, Rohan, you wanted net flows? Feroze here. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Yes. Net inflows of INR 1,240 crores that was in 3Q. It was split between equity, debt MF and 
MLDs? 
Feroze Azeez: 
 
Correct. So, you want a split of the INR 3,715 or crores or the quarter 3 number? 
Rohan Mandora:  
The quarter 3 number.  
Feroze Azeez: 
 
Rajesh ji, did you have that number? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yes. The equity mutual fund and debt, which was put together, it was INR 818 crores; for MLD, 
INR 165 crores and INR 258 crores in other products. That sums up to INR 1,241 crores. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And sir, what is the quantum of MLDs that are expected to mature in FY '24? Any number that 
you have handy? 
Jugal Mantri: 
 
Right now, it is not handy, but we can provide you, Rohan. 
Feroze Azeez: 
 
Rohan, approximately, it is INR 2,700 crores. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And sir, just trying to understand on the trajectory on the employee expenses. If you look at 
employee by total revenues, employee to total revenues, that thing has come down from around 
46% to around 43% - 44% in the last two quarters. So how should we look at it for the full year? 
Will there be an uptick there? And also, what were the quantum of RMs, which have not broken 
even on cost right now? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So Rohan, when it comes to compensation for RMs, it works on a total comp concept. So the 
provisions of bonuses are larger, which is about INR 55 crores for the first nine months, which 
is about INR 8 crores greater than the same period last year. So we work on a total comp concept, 
which has not been modified from 2007, so provisions on the bonus side are higher, which are 
not reflected in the statement you made. Does that answer, Rohan? 
Rohan Mandora: 
No. So actually, the employee expense per total revenue has been coming down in the last two 
quarters. So are we... 
Jugal Mantri: 
Feroze bhai, I'll just add, see the advantage, what Feroze bhai has explained to you is the 
compensation for the RM fraternity. But besides RM fraternity, there is a team which is like 
operation, product, monitoring and the finance accounts team. And that is where you get the 
advantage of operating leverage because that cost more or less remained flat. So that is why 
when you see the revenue goes up, you will see in percentage term that the employee cost will 
come down because that cost, which is the non-operating or non-variable costs, that remain more 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
or less flat. There is a slight increase, and that is where you'll see that the employee cost as % 
will keep on coming down when the revenue grows.  
Rohan Mandora:  
Just the second part of this question on how many RMs are yet to break even on cost? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So if you, we can give you that precise number, Rohan. If you look at breakeven, as just the 
physical cost, I think it should be less than 10% - 12%. Because a breakeven of with 
infrastructure costs, all loaded, it could be different, but we'll give you the precise number. 
Rohan Mandora: 
And just one more thing, how has been the MLD issuances from Nuvama this quarter? Has there 
been any dip on the issuances on that side or a change? 
Feroze Azeez: 
The requirement of capital was lesser. So Jugal sir, can give you the precise numbers if we have 
them handy. 
Jugal Mantri: 
So, in case, if you look at it, Rohan, now the ratio is tilting towards the outside or external 
agencies. As of now, when we talk around 13% of MLD outstanding, that is from the external 
agencies. So, the ratio, which used to be 100% from the same group entity,. So, in this year, 
almost about 20% of the MLDs are issued by the external entities. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a question from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just following up on the previous question about the RMs. We have seen a lower addition in this 
quarter. Is that anything to do with the market conditions or how should we look at the RM 
addition going ahead? And just put in my second question also, with regards to the market share, 
you mentioned in the previous call, about 1% equity inflows, taking that up to 3%. So, what 
would be the timeline on that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. So let me answer the first one, which is the RMs strength. The RMs strength, generally, it 
happens by training and promoting AMs. So, we have gone a little slow because we have to 
make sure that the person who is becoming an RM from the AM, the probability of successes 
have to be immense. So that's why you see a little slower addition. It's got not too much to do 
with the market potential in terms of market sentiment. But the good news is we have the next 
30  40 already slated who have spent about 2.5 years as an AM and as an apprentice under 
seasoned private bankers already. So that number should see a large uptick soon. And what was 
your next question? Sorry, I missed that. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes. It was with regard to the market share. So, we've spoken about our equity market share at 
1%, and  taking that up to 2% to 3%. So, any time lines you can share on that, sir? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. So, we are looking at the market share increase. Like you might have heard me just a few 
minutes back, that the net flows have reduced by 55% on equity mutual fund and ours have gone 
up by 74%, which is a large dispersion to what the industry has got. It's because we are looking 
at numerically establishing our credibility in mutual fund recommendation. And I will come to 
the time line, which is your pointed question.  

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
So in the last quarter, we analyzed 109 equity mutual fund portfolios worth INR 1,000 crores 
outside with other distributors, transaction-by-transaction. And we realized that Anand Rathi's 
recommendation has been more profitable. And now that we have started being very numerical 
about our value-add. Coming to your point of question, I think getting to a 3% market share will 
take about four - five years, because as the market also will increase, and that's the target. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
You mentioned, just to get this right, 109 mutual funds were analyzed that were outside the 
current universe, is that right? 
Feroze Azeez: 
No. Let me explain that a little more in detail. Now if there's a prospective client we meet, we 
take the transaction-wise information and try and see whether the person externally has beaten 
Nifty or our model portfolio. The 109 is not mutual funds. Those are 109 unique HNI investors' 
external mutual fund portfolios, which we analyze and see whether we have beaten those 
portfolios, which were managed by other distributors.  
Itt has been heartening for us to see that 95 out of the 109 portfolios analyzed last quarter, our 
model portfolio would have kept them richer. And with this piece of audited information, the 
propensity for a client to give us a change of broker for mutual fund has gone up reasonably. 
Does that answer? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes, sir. Just another one, if I may. On the capex side, like we have seen a little uptick in 
depreciation. And any distinct guidance on that side? 
Feroze Azeez: 
 
Jugal, sir, will be very well equipped to answer that. Jugal bhai, can I request you take that one? 
Jugal Mantri: 
 
Yes, there is no capex item on the P&L where you have... 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
No, I am talking about the uptick in depreciation that you have seen, slight uptick in 
depreciation? 
Jugal Mantri: 
So that is because of the Ind AS 115 that, otherwise, there is no capex expenditure. Our is capex-
light company in the industry. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Sir, lastly, if I could just have, would it be possible to share a breakup between -- on the income 
side between the mutual fund and the MLD, the other segment? 
Jugal Mantri: 
 
That is already there in the presentation. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Not the AUM. I meant the revenue? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Even the revenue breakup is also there. If you look at the Page 29 of the presentation, you will 
find the breakup. But I'll just repeat for you, for Q3, the mutual fund revenue was INR 50 crores 
as against INR 42.5 crores in the corresponding Q3 last year. And the distribution of financial 
products is INR 86 crores, and other IT-enabled and other services was about INR 3.4 crores. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
No, sir, that's what I meant. Within this distribution, if you could have how much was the MLD 
and how much was mutual fund? 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Jugal Mantri: 
 
Largely, it is MLD only. 
Feroze Azeez: 
But, let me just add one point to Jugal sir’s comment. The long-term target of trail income to 
total income is 50%, and we are headed there. If you see the last one year, Nifty from December 
to December has hardly moved 1% -, 2%. And you still see a trail revenue increase of 27%. 
Once the tailwind of the market movement comes, you will see a substantive change in these 
proportions because markets have to deliver at some point in time, not in this year. In-spite of 
that we have had a 27% increase. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So the 50% target, like you said, would be probably matching with your three to five year term 
for that? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. Ma’am. Yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Dhaval from IIFL. 
Dhaval: 
Sir, just one question from my side. Can you please provide the quantum of gross inflows in the 
MLD during the third quarter? And also the split between the primary and the secondary? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. Sure. INR 1,151 crores gross in primary and INR 277 in secondary. 
Dhaval: 
INR 277 crores in the secondary, right? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Aditya Shrimankar from Ishti Advisors.  
Aditya Shrimankar: 
I wanted to ask, what is the average yield on MLDs during this quarter? And how it has fared 
year-over-year? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Aditya, yield by virtue of that nomenclature implies the per annum yield. First, let me tell you 
what is the yield of all the matured products. In an MLD, if you look at the yield per annum, we 
have made 1.17% in products which have matured. One is because yield is per annum on market 
value. When it comes to mutual funds, on the model portfolio of mutual funds, we make 1.11%. 
On the matured products, which you can backward calculate, the yield has been 1.17%. Having 
made that point that the yields on both these instruments per annum on market value are 
identical, if not equal, almost. 
Now coming to what you make. We recognize this revenue upfront. So on a three year basis, we 
make about 5.5%. On a five-year basis, we make about 7% to 8%. Because in mutual funds, the 
trail income comes on market value, but this is recognized on face value. And all upfront, that's 
trading income. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the expense side, other expenses, they have been trending 
higher in a right, the run rate used to be around INR 11 crores, reach INR 17 crores. So what 
I've been on one of the questions that are alluded that a large portion of the expenses are fixed 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
in nature beyond the expenses of, beyond the salaries or bonuses of RMs. So, then what is this 
increase pertaining to? That is question number one.  
Secondly, on the mutual fund book, what would be, do we have any SIPs? And if so, what would 
be the shares of SIPs in our mutual fund and AUM? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So, let me take the second one, and I will toss the first one to Jugal ji. The SIP book is about 
INR 32 crores - INR 33 crores per month… 
Prayesh Jain: 
This is monthly, or is it total AUM in the? 
Feroze Azeez: 
This is monthly. Monthly, because we deal with HNIs. HNI savings come in lumpier chunks. 
So, because if somebody saved about INR 10 lakhs - INR 15 lakhs - INR 20 lakhs, in a quarter, 
he gives you that money at INR 40 lakhs - INR 50 lakhs. That's the general trend. But still having 
said which, the SIP number is marginally higher than INR 30 crores per month.  
And for the first question, other expenses, of course, when we spoke of the expenses, it was pre-
COVID levels. So, I will ask Jugal ji to give you some color to the other expenses.  
Jugal Mantri: 
See, largely if you may recall that because of the COVID, there was no physical off-site visits 
which we used to have on a quarterly basis, the strategy meets and all that. So this year onwards, 
all these activities have started, and these expenses pertains to the off-sites, business strategy 
meet as well as the traveling expenses, which were lower in FY '22, more particularly when you 
are comparing with the December quarter last year, vis-à-vis the current December quarter. The 
expenses are on account of, increased expenses are on account of traveling, off-sites and strategy 
meet. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just one more on the, you mentioned that 20% of the MLD sourced in the current year are outside 
agency. So, what is the commission you made on those? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Same. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Marginally higher. Marginally higher from Nuvama. So 1st April, if there is a sourcing of about 
INR 616 crores, for the same period kind of an MLD, it's marginally higher. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Three questions from my side. One is a follow-up to the question asked by the previous 
participant. In terms of the SIP flows, could you give some color on the redemptions you are 
seeing in the portfolio or any quantitative number on gross-to-net ratio?  
My second question is on the distribution yields that your debt of incremental flows that are 
going into the existing yields of mutual funds and whether the incremental distribution yields 
have changed YTD or Y-o-Y, if you can give some color on that? 
And lastly, we have seen a list of NFOs happening during the current quarter or even the current 
year. So just wanted to get some color on how was the yield shaping up between FY '22 and 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
FY’23 or YTD '23? And also, are you able to lock in the yield on the NFOs flows for one year, 
or is it like -- is it for a longer period of two or three years? So, those are my questions. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Mr. Ghosh, your audio wasn't so clear. If you can again go one-by-one, it will be helpful. 
Because I could barely hear you in terms of -- it was a little muffled. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
 So, is it fine now? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, if you can pick up your headphone, if you're not using it, do something. Yes. So if you can 
again go with your first question, SIP number, you were saying something? 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
I just wanted to get some color on the SIP redemption trend? And any color on the gross-to-net 
ratio in SIPs? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Gross-to-net ratio, if you're looking at SIP redemptions or SIP stoppages, I don't think there have 
been too many stoppages. Because HNI is not so. So to answer your pointed question, it should 
be negligible. I don't have a precise number to that currently. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
My second question was on the incremental distribution yields that you are getting on fresh 
flows into equity schemes of mutual fund players. And how that has changed. Let's say, between 
March and December or  an incremental flow into existing schemes of actively managed equity 
mutual funds? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So, when we recommend mutual funds, we recommend a very pointed portfolio for most of our 
clients. And over a period of time, money moves there. So like I told you, it has been 1.11% 
yield on the 11 schemes, weighted average as per our recommendation. It has gone up by about 
2 paisa, same period December. December end last year, we were at 1.09%, now it is 1.11% for 
this 11 schemes. And we have our suppliers, which are mutual funds, competing with the others 
for our market share. So we don't see any stress on any reductions there. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
My last question was on the NFO side, and over the last six to eight months and even prior to 
that in FY 2022, we have seen there has been significant amount of flows in NFO and also the 
NFO payouts to distributors have been quite strong. Just wanted to get some color on incremental 
trends during the quarter and also YTD. And are you able to lock in the NFO yields for, let's 
say, more than one year? 
Feroze Azeez: 
No. We don't do any such advancement of yields, because we don't recommend NFOs. Since I 
don't buy an NFO, so I don't recommend it to my client. So zero NFOs have been sold over the 
last 8 - 9 years. So because if there is 570 equity mutual funds, out of which active ones are 
about 250 - 280, and the best and the worst one have a 44% difference and there is a lot of 
constituents, which are already there and there is an established fund manager. With a 
philosophy and from a client-centric organization standpoint, selling an NFO, I don't see any 
merit to hurry into buying an NFO, if it does not have a three-year track record. 
So, any equity open-ended fund, it requires a basic three - years for us to be able to analyze 
behaviors of fund managers and its right-to-wrong ratios and stuff. So, no NFOs sold and that's 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
been the philosophy. Unless there is some NFO, which addresses a gap in the future, we will be 
agile enough to adapt if it is something which makes merit from a client's risk-reward standpoint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Varship Shah from Envision Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Varshit Shah: 
So, I was just wondering like what kind of reaction are you getting from the clients with regards 
to the whole active versus passive investing? Are any of your HNI or UHNI clients questioning 
you about an advisory versus distribution model or why active or passive and -- entire the value-
add that we do in the process? And is there any slowdown also in our client addition? Because I 
also see in this quarter, your client addition has slightly slowed down? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Got it. So let me answer this question in two parts. One is, Varship, the active vis-à-vis passive 
debate. Ironically, in the industry is happening without numerical measurements of their own 
portfolios. So, what we do is if the client is debating in active and passive, he needs to or she 
needs to first compute transaction-wise alpha or underperformance to a benchmark, which is 
missing. 
So what we do is we calculate transaction-wise alpha. People generally go by perceptions and 
with narratives. Now there is one client, let me give you an illustration on a little more casual 
note on a serious call. 
I met a client who wanted to move his INR 22 crores to an ETF. Then I said, okay, you can't 
read newspapers and decide that. Why don't you first check transaction by transaction, what is 
the alpha you've generated over the last five years? 966 purchases, 36 exits. If you take Nifty 
transaction by transaction, he himself had beaten Nifty by 2.7% per annum. 
So if somebody is not able to make alpha, it doesn't mean that you are not making alpha, but get 
your own number. Mathematics measurement is the first step of management and that doesn't 
seem to be happening. Most people who debate that they don't even have their transaction-wise 
alpha on their direct equity, on their mutual fund, on their PMS. 
So that's point one. So we don't see any risk on ETF. And the model portfolio, which we have 
used all regression in all Nobel Prize winning formulas for the last 9.5 years from 1st June 2013, 
has generated 3.17% extra over Nifty after all costs. 
So if these numbers are there and they are mathematically accurately measured, people are 
guided not by narratives, but by actuals. For them, one size fits all doesn't work in wealth 
management, is our opinion and a strong one. 
Varshit Shah: 
And on the client addition, is there any slowdown in… 
Feroze Azeez: 
Client addition is not a slowdown. What happens is we measure clients not all of them. We 
measure them if they have more than INR 50 lakhs with us. Mark-to-market brings some of them 
in the bucket, some of them outside the bucket because there's no point counting at 10 lakh 
clients. We count 50 lakhs plus who has INR 4 crores  INR 5 crores as total assets. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Now coming to the -- so there will be some volatility in quarterly numbers of client addition and 
subtraction because there's also subtraction possible. If somebody came back and took away INR 
5 lakhs from INR 52 lakhs, he will no more be in this client list. Because it is only fair to account 
for clients who have, at a point in time, greater than INR 50 lakhs with me.  
That's why you see a larger number last quarter. But to eliminate this volatility, you have to look 
at nine months to nine months. Nine months last year was 801. Nine months this year is 1,120 
which is 320 more clients in the same nine-month period. So there is a client addition rate being 
increased, point one. 
And the second is we also try and measure the quality of client acquisition in terms of the first 
chque. The first cheque average has gone up by about 70% to 80%. So after listing, which is a 
very credible thing for a business which requires some degree of branding from -- because people 
are parting with their money, has resulted in people trusting us at the beginning with more money 
than they used to, before we were listed last December. Does it answer? 
Varshit Shah: 
Yes. Sorry, please go ahead 
Feroze Azeez: 
Does it answered, or you want some more clarification for it?  
Varshit Shah: 
Yes. So have you seen more initial ticket sizes go up? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, we have. And some clients have given us outrageous starting values as well, which is a 
great indication of what is -- what lies ahead for a listed wealth management output. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sagar Jethwani from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
So I just, have one question. Do we plan to expand into B30 cities? And what are the typical 
ROI / ROC in long term if you expand the branches there? This is my only question. Thank you. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you for your question, Sagar. Our strategy to expand into the full Bharat has been planted 
a few years back. So our hiring patterns of our current RMs, our top 100 RMs. There are about 
27 - 28 of the 100 RMs who belong to unique B30 towns, smaller towns, Tier 2 - Tier 3. Because 
we have a very strong principle of client centricity and a culture, which Rakesh Sir has built over 
the last 15 years. To protect that, starting a peripheral unit by itself is something which may not 
be the most advisable. 
So these 27 - 28 people may choose to go back to their cities, which they belong, where their 
parents live, where they are brought up, they know the regional language, they are able to relate 
to the fraternity there. So that is our strategy. So in that process, we have started a Coimbatore 
unit. We have Visakhapatnam. We have Indore. We have now started Ahmedabad. 
These are smaller units, which may not be called units but those are supposed to be built brick 
by brick with one - two people who understand and who are our top RMs who go back to set up 
a business there. And they are already breaking even from day one when they reach their home 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
location. And that has a lower cost of building a unit and would be infrastructure cost in every 
city in India. In fact, I would say all Tier 2 cities, for sure, have at least 100 – 200 - 300 HNIs.  
And to go there, you can't send an English-speaking, golf-playing guy and expect the people will 
be able to relate to him. So that's the answer, Sagar, from a strategy standpoint. And I am sure 
Rakesh sir can add a lot on this account because all of it is brainchild. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Yes. On the… 
Feroze Azeez: 
I'll just ask for a comment from Rakesh sir. 
Rakesh Rawal: 
You covered this beautifully. I think the idea is to sow a seed, which we are doing in a lot of 
cities and will continue to do so. And we know that how it sort of grows. So like in Vizag, we 
have one RM, and now we are – she has already trained a second person over there, and 
therefore, soon, we will have two RMs over there. So in smaller cities, you have to organically 
sort of grow and we have plans to grow it in a lot of smaller cities in the future. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
But then last -- I mean, if you -- what are the typical ROI / ROC in, suppose, say, four - five 
years once you set up the branch? Just trying to understand that because the penetration is 
relatively slower in B30 cities. So that's what -- that's where I was coming from? 
Rakesh Rawal: 
No, I don't think that is true. I think that, for example, the AUM in Vizag that this lady is handling 
is about INR 120-odd crores. She has taken about three - four or five years to get there. In the 
big cities also, a fresh RM takes four - five years to get to INR 120 crores. So I don't see that 
being any different. You have the advantage of not too much of competition there. You also 
have a little bit of disadvantage that not too many rich people are floating around. So it balances 
up. 
So, I don't think that the narrative that ROIs are going to be lower is very valid. The costs 
pertaining to office, electricity are very - very marginal compared to the rest of it. So, for 
example, with INR 100 crores, you will have a revenue of INR 1.2 crores - INR 1.3 crores. What 
kind of cost do you think will be there for having a small office? Mostly a thousand, INR 20,000 
- INR 30,000 - INR 40,000 per month. So I don't believe that your margins are going to be 
significantly different in smaller towns. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
Hi, good afternoon. So, I am not sure if I am reading the numbers right, but it looks like you 
don't sell much of other alternate products like PMS or AIF. So any thoughts if that has the right 
reading. And a related question would be any thoughts also on getting into investment 
management as well? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Abhijeet, I will take this question. The last part I missed, but let me answer your first part. We 
don't sell -- currently, we don't sell PMSs and AIFs because the standard deviations of PMSs are 
significantly more. We have analyzed several PMS portfolios, which have six – seven - eight 
PMSs, but our model portfolio on the mutual fund side, transaction by transaction, has beaten 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
them. So currently, we don't sell PMSs and for the last seven - eight years as well, almost 10 
years now. 
Why? Because there is tax inefficiency and several other reasons. We have a seven filter process 
to have a product line approved. And without that, our client objective of 11% to 14% is being 
met. If you look at the daily standard deviations of most PMSs operate at about 50% - 60% more 
than the corresponding mutual fund peers. That's one of the reasons because our objectives for 
the client are not just return-based. They are also risks, which we measure. A 3-year standard 
deviation of generally norm -- which should not be double-digit. So infusing PMSs results in 
increase in the standard deviation. 
Secondly, AIFs also have long-only AIFs. We believe that alternate investment fund should be 
truly used for alternate as an instrument. Equity common stock is the most oldest financial 
instrument that being housed in an AIF is something which we disagree with. And we have an 
AIF license. We will use it appropriately when you are actually doing something which cannot 
be housed in a mutual fund or a PMS platform regulatory. Does that answer the first part, 
Abhijeet? 
Abhijeet: 
Yes, it does.  
Look, I think it also answers the second one, which was around getting into 
doing these businesses in-house as an investment management firm. I think your strategy or your 
thoughts on that, anyways, answers the second question as well. Thank you. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes. So, in fact, an MLD can be always housed in an AIF. We will explore that in the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sadanand Shetty from True Equity 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
My question has been asked. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Senthilkumar from Joindre Capital 
Services Limited. 
Senthilkumar: 
Hi, good afternoon. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Senthilkumar: 
So firstly, congratulations for a good set of numbers, especially for the revised AUM guidance. 
And my question pertains to the correlation between net client addition and the Private Wealth 
AUM growth. Actually, I see 40% -- nearly 40% degrowth in net client addition and sequential 
basis. But as we have reported a 10 to 11 percentage growth in Private Wealth AUM. And how 
should we read this, sir? Your color on this, please? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Senthilkumar, thank you so much for your wishes. And thanks for the question as well. Firstly, 
AUM, so client addition has not reduced. If you see 450 for the quarter 2 and 270-odd for this 
quarter, which is quarter 3, it will look like a reduction. It is not that the clients -- some clients 
get added or subtracted because of movements in market or small redemptions which come 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
through. So, whenever you look at client additions, you have to look at a longer period because 
mark-to-market can move some clients up or down. 
Does that answer, Senthil, first part? Yes, you have to look at 801 and compare it with 1,120. So 
in nine months, I have added 320 more clients than what I added in the first nine months. Is that 
clear, Senthil? 
Senthilkumar: 
Yes, clear. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Okay. So, it is not a reduction in the pace at which clients are being added. So that's a wrong 
conclusion. That second part is AUM. AUM is like a photograph. It is on a specific date, okay? 
So like June end -- sorry, September end, the Nifty was not at great levels. So net addition of 
inflows and outflows will give you a better picture of how much money we are getting from 
marketplace. The last nine months have not been great sentiment. In spite, of that, we got INR 
3,715-odd crores from clients, new clients and existing clients giving us more money. When 
times are bad, we look better to several of our clients because in good times, everyone is making 
money. 
So, when, in bad times, clients give you more references and more AUM and they consolidate 
their portfolios with us, it is because a relative comparison. People don't do when everything is 
doing very well. People will buy a PMS and double their money, then they will not be so worried. 
But when they underperform elsewhere is when they start referring their friends. So INR 3,715 
crores of net mobilization is a better number to look at in terms of new money which came in, 
which was 94% greater than the previous year, same nine months. Senthil, you had another part 
also to the question. Sorry, I missed it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our last question from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just following up on that, like you said, in the rough times, we look even better. So, what would 
be outlook given the rough time, which is continuing? 
Moderator: 
Sorry. Can you use your handset, please? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes. So, I just continue on the previous question on when you said that in the tough times, we 
look better. So given the current environment, tough times seem to be continuing. So, can we 
assume still we will out  performance going forward? And yes -- on the net inflow side? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thanks, Pallavi, for your other questions. So, I will make one comment and give the last word 
to Rakesh, sir. So will -- are we doing enough and more to make sure that our long-term guidance 
of 20% - 25% holds? 2023 in our hope, is going to be better than 2022. So irrespective, growing 
at 20% - 25%, we think is a conservative guidance clearly. And for 2023, we are definitely 
attempting to beat that. And Rakesh, sir, if you can give an elaborate answer to Pallavi madam's 
question, if you can please. 
Rakesh Rawal: 
I think you have given the direction. Our belief is that 2023 would be far better than 2022. And 
you are already starting to see the results of companies that are coming on. And our belief is 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
that, say, companies do well, then the markets will catch up, sooner or later. And similarly, 
companies do well when the opportunities increase. The GDP grows at 5% - 6% - 7%. There is 
opportunities for companies to grow. And therefore, I am not a believer of many of the people 
who say, massive recessions are coming, etc. etc. So having said that, I think that there will be 
good quality growth in terms of the AUM per se aided by market. 
The second part is net flows, yes. Net flows is a function of client additions and penetration. 
There is so much that we are doing to increase penetration of existing clients as well as 
acquisitions. I think Feroze mentioned the entire audit program that we have started, that when 
you audit the assets lying outside and show to the client mathematically that those assets are not 
very efficiently placed, there is a large tendency of the client to bring those assets for the better 
and more efficient management with us. 
So I think exercises like this, whether it is audit of mutual funds, audit of insurance policies, 
audit of real estate and so on  so forth, which gives them clarity that say what they are making 
there and what they can make here. So, this exercise brings in depth of penetration. So we believe 
that these exercises will lead to the net flows having a very robust momentum next year. 
Yes, that's what I wanted to say. Does that answer, young lady? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes, sir. Thank you so much, sir. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Thank you, Rakesh, sir, for that answer. Pallavi, if we look at this business has got a vintage 
advantage. As you progress, RM vintage and client vintage helps. If you look at the client vintage 
segment-wise on a year-on-year basis, if you look at the 5-year plus clients, have on average 
AUM which is 4x more than 1 to 2 years. So, if I just extrapolate time passage and the average 
is remaining identical, then we are looking at growth greater than what has been indicated 
without client addition as well. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
If I may just squeeze in one last one on the MLD side. You could have some -- you have some 
quite a few bunching of MLD maturing during June 2023, if would that cause any volatility in 
MLD flows for FY23? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Sorry, which FY? You are speaking of FY '23 or '24? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
The June '23 MLDs, those maturing in June 2023, will that cause volatility for FY '24 inflows 
of MLD? 
Feroze Azeez: 
No. We have extrapolated our maturities, and that is a reasonably smooth curve. I can tell you 
that. And I don't know why you are specifically asking June 2023. Is there a particular reason, 
Pallavi, in asking June 2023? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
MLDs, some of them are bunched up 3 years? 
Feroze Azeez: 
So, we have a very well-placed maturity profile and for reasonable periods of time. And our 
rates of reinvestments are driven by the client allocation decision. And when the reinvestment 
comes, there is hardly any conversation because there are gaps in the allocation. They 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
automatically get reallocated. So, for a reinvestment of INR 100, there -- in most cases, we don't 
even have to discuss more than 5 to 10 minutes with the client because there is an allocation 
already decided. So, reinvestment, just like the mutual fund industry, used to have an FMP as a 
product. FMP used to mature they used to get rolled over. That's the kind of principle. 
So, to answer your pointed question, Pallavi, there is no -- it's a reasonable smooth curve of 
maturity, an 80% - 85% reinvestment, which is decided by the allocation and not by individual 
conversations that maturity is the nature of the business. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Sunil Shah from Turtle Star. 
Sunil Shah: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Feroze and team, we really need to appreciate the culture 
that you cultivated in this organization. I guess we are strictly at now four different products of 
11% - 12% - 13% - 14% return for the client. And it is really good that long-term compounding 
is actually what will roll out for the organization because of the stickiness of the client. So my 
point is the uniqueness that we do is the MLD product, which does not work easily from the 
wealth management side available unless focused on what we want to do. 
So, would MLD involve any amount of risk at maturity for any client? Because now we are 
going to almost 20% from outside of our organizational concern. So, I just wanted to make sure 
about the risk in the MLD part. Could you just give me confidence actually? 
Feroze Azeez: 
Yes, Mr. Shah. As you rightly pointed out that we are very possessive about our culture and the 
client centricity. We ofcourse, the organization aspires that, and so do we, and we are very 
possessive about that. And the culture built has a lot of inspiration from Rakesh sir’s HUL 
experience for about 10 - 12 years. 
Now coming to your pointed question, MLD, the reason why we used to have 100% of MLD in 
an entity, which was other group entity, is because we stopped selling Edelweiss and Reliance 
Capital MLD, which we used to sell previously. We have a team in the research, which identifies 
credit risk and is reasonably ahead of the curve. That's why Reliance Capital, which was a AAA-
rated NBFC, which issued MLDs, we quit Reliance Capital 2 years before default. Some of the 
mutual fund companies didn't quit till default. 
Now coming back to -- unless we are very comfortable, we don't give away credit risk 
management to any other company. Nuvama, of course, we have got the comfort with a 54% 
holding by Nuvama . That is why you see close to INR 600 crores have gone there. But MLDs, 
as long as the money, like the group entity also, Jugalji is the best person to tell you, and I think 
my NBFC is also overlooked by our group CFO, who has been with the group from since '93 - 
'94. The kind of management stability there and the money allocated and very prudently 
deployed unlike most NBFCs. We are liability-backed NBFC than an asset-backed NBFC. 
So probably, we can take this question off-line, and I can give you more information for the lack 
of time since we have gone over five minutes already. 
Sunil Shah: 
No issue. I get the point. Thank you so much. Thank you. 

 
 
Anand Rathi Wealth Limited 
 
 
January 13, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Feroze Azeez: 
Jugal sir, do you want to add something? 
Jugal Mantri: 
As you rightly said, we can have off-line discussion. 
Moderator: 
We have our last question from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Just wanted to touch base on the, client addition discussion again. So because in this quarter, the 
explanation that you are giving that if the AUM is going below a certain threshold, we are not 
counting them in the number of client count. So would it be fair to assume that most of these are 
due to redemptions in this quarter? Because MTM, it may not be there this quarter. And if so, 
like what would be the quantum of clients who would have completely exited the relationship? 
Feroze Azeez: 
What -- Rohan, right? What happens is Q2 number might have been inflated because of Q1 
number. Because June quarter was very depressed. The rate of addition in gross, there's 
something called upgrade - downgrade of clients and net additions. If I look at net addition, that 
has marginally gone up. I will give you precise numbers. Redemption as a trend is not 
influencing this much. The client attrition number is very low. And if your RM attrition is very 
low, client attrition further goes down. But you will have to allow us some time to give you 
precise numbers. Your question is very valid. We will give you that data, for sure. 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to management team for closing comments. Over 
to you. 
Feroze Azeez: 
Jugal, sir? 
Jugal Mantri: 
Yes. Thanks, friends. I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining on the call. I hope we 
have been able to address all your queries. And on two points where we have suggested off-line 
discussion, I will request Mr. Vishal Sanghavi and our SGA team to have the meeting or call 
arranged and the queries addressed. In case if you have any further information, requirement or 
any further query, kindly get in touch with our IR Head, Mr. Vishal Sanghavi; our CFO, Mr. 
Rajesh Bhutara or our Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisor. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi Wealth Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
