 
 
 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on April 27, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Call held on                           
April 27, 2023 to discuss the Audited Financial Results for quarter and year ended March 
31, 2023, is available on the Company’s website at Earnings Call Transcript Q4 .  
You are requested to take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
Sonia Jain 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Date: May 4, 2023 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Script Code: 539289 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
SONIA 
HITESH JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SONIA HITESH JAIN 
Date: 2023.05.04 
12:59:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Aurum PropTech Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DEORA, FOUNDER AND CEO, 
AURUM VENTURES  
 
MR. HIREN LADVA, EVP, AURUM PROPTECH 
LIMITED 
 
MR. KUNAL KARAN, CFO, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MS. VANESSA FERNANDES, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call 
of Aurum PropTech Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Miss Vanessa Fernandes from Aurum PropTech 
Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the earnings call for Aurum PropTech 
Limited for Quarter Four and Financial Year Ended 2023. We are happy to have you 
all here to discuss our latest financial results, and we appreciate your continued interest 
and support. Joining us today is Mr. Ashish Deora, the Founder and CEO of Aurum 
Ventures. Under his leadership, our company has experienced significant growth. We 
also have Mr. Hirenkumar Ladva, our EVP of Investments, who will share insights on 
our PropTech ecosystem, followed by Mr. Kunal Karan, our Chief Financial Officer, 
who will talk on the financial highlights of the company. 
Before we dive into the details, I would like to remind everyone that the forward-
looking statements we may discuss are subject to risks and uncertainties that are 
detailed in our prospectus filed with them and the subsequent annual report. We 
encourage you to review these documents, which are available on our website to fully 
understand the risks associated with any future projections or statements. We shall start 
the call with Mr. Ashish Deora suspected on our performance over the last year. Over 
to you, sir. 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you, Vanessa. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm glad to connect on this investor 
call for the eighth quarterly call under our management. It gives me great pleasure to 
speak with all of you today and share our journey of exponential growth during the 
financial year 2023. I'm happy to announce that our team's focus has led to incredible 
growth in the last year. We clocked revenue of INR139 crores in the year, which 
reflects our commitment through excellence and the execution of our well thought 
strategy. I would like to highlight to point to this effect. Firstly, we had projected our 
Q4 revenue to be INR50 crores. I'm glad to state that we have surpassed the projection. 
What is important is that the target of INR50 crores was made at the beginning of last 
year when our revenue was to the tune of INR 14 crores. 
Secondly, exponential growth is really becoming the mantra and behavior of Aurum 
PropTech. We see that we can now aggressively project and consistently achieve. This 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
remarkable achievement is a testament to the team's relentless efforts and unwavering 
commitment to our shared vision of creating a future-ready company. Our revenue 
growth momentum demonstrates our leadership in the project center. This also gives 
us confidence to execute with discipline what we believe with our well thought 
strategy. 
With our strong positioning, cutting-edge technology and unwavering focus on 
customer experience. I have no doubt that we will surpass our current targets and 
continue to drive data-based growth and innovation in the industry. Moving from 
revenue growth, I would now like to take a few minutes on our strategy. At Aurum on 
using cutting-edge technology to equip real estate consumers with innovative products 
and solutions for customer experience. We are committed to continuing this approach 
by investing in new and cutting-edge technologies, along with strategic acquisitions to 
further enhance services while providing exceptional value to our customers and 
setting us apart from the competition. 
Aurum's laser focus on its core competencies has driven innovation and growth in the 
industry. As we look to the future, analyzing data and then integrating with services 
and capital keeps us challenged on a daily basis. We remain committed in our pursuit 
of excellence and in achieving our vision of becoming the top real estate tech-based 
services company in the industry. Further, our belief that digital products require an 
entrepreneurial mindset is getting even more reaffirmed with every quarter and with 
that in mind, we continue to deepen our engagements with entrepreneurs to create a 
robust ecosystem. 
The integration of debt data strategy and services, along with an entrepreneurial 
mindset is the engine of growth for the next few quarters. I'm confident in our future 
prospects and the steps we are taking to achieve our ambitious revenue goals and pivot 
on our pioneering position. Thank you all for your continued interest and commitment 
to Aurum. As we move forward, I'm excited to share more insights with you and 
discuss our progress. 
I now request Hiren to kindly take over for the next segment of the call. 
Hiren Ladva: 
Thank you, Mr. Ashish, and good evening, everyone. Let me take a few minutes to 
walk you through Aurum PropTech's performance over the last quarter and the year 
gone by. First, I'm happy to report that two of our partner companies, Helloworld and 
K2V2 Technologies, have grossed more than 50 crores each in revenues in the 
financial year FY’23 on a standalone basis. Second, if we look at our partner 
companies' FY’22 revenues, they've collectively more than doubled the revenues in 
FY’23. As you would recall, most of these companies were not under Aurum PropTech 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
in FY’22. Helloworld  has clocked 93% Y-o-Y growth, while K2V2 has delivered 140 
Y-o-Y growth, 140 percentages. 
Aurum Analytica, which got acquired in the beginning of October 2022, has delivered 
INR7.6 crores in FY’23 compared to rupees INR3.9 crores in FY2021-22. This is a 
significant achievement as it highlights not only the intrinsic growth potential of this 
venture, but also the strength of our ecosystem. We are witnessing a healthy increase 
in customer acquisitions as well as their engagements on all our platforms in the form 
of transactions enabled, projects served, or bets rented. We are thrilled to see the value 
delivered to our customers and their continuous trust in us. 
Further, profitable growth is in our DNA, and this gets reflected in how we are scaling 
within comfortable zones of profit margins, while some of our competition has opted 
for scalability without sound business viability. 
Now I shall quickly touch base on a growth opportunity for the upcoming quarters. In 
our Connected Living Segment, we have increased our presence in cities where rental 
demand and prices are growing, for example in Bangalore, and we should benefit from 
the overall spike in rentals across all formats there. Additionally, we have added new 
supply in the student living segment in places like Kota well before the start of the new 
academic year. 
Our properties provide comfortable and a safe living as well as a study environment to 
our student tenants. This is what will enable us to remain a leader in this sector. In our 
investment finance cluster, Integrow Asset Management has garnered further fund 
commitments of INR60 crores, taking the total investment to INR207 crores. We will 
be augmenting our ecosystem portfolio with the launch of a new investment platform 
in the coming quarters. Groundwork for the same is underway, and we will be taking 
the product to the market in the month of May ‘23. 
Within our enterprise efficiency cluster, sell.do, a real estate SaaS CRM product, 
continues to be the market leader in India. It's more than 500 active real estate clients 
and around 8,000 plus licenses. We have more than doubled our licenses during the 
year gone by. At the end of Q4 FY’23, Aurum Analytica’s order book grew 2.5x the 
number of projects it had at the end of Q3 FY’23. We continue to meet exciting prop 
tech ventures on investments front, and we will update you on any transition as and 
when they materialize. 
To conclude, we are committed to build and grow our SaaS as well as RaaS products 
in the upcoming quarters promises to be exciting ones for our growth journey. Thank 
you for your continued support, and we look forward to sharing some updates with you 
soon. More updates with you soon, I'll correct myself. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
I'm pleased to hand over the call to Mr. Kunal Karan, our CFO, to provide an update 
on the financial performance of Aurum PropTech. 
Kunal Karan: 
Thank you, Hiren. Thank you everyone for taking out time to join us on this call today. 
Today the Board of Directors have approved the audit results for the quarter and the 
year ended 31st March 2023. I will take you through the summary results of the 
company. Results for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 first. The revenue from 
operations for the quarter was INR45.36 crores as compared to INR 38.56 crores in the 
previous quarter, up by 17.63%. The total income for the quarter was INR51.33 crores 
as compared to INR41.15 crores in the previous quarter, up by 24.73%. EBITDA for 
the quarter was INR4.25 crores, that is 9.4% of the revenue as compared to INR1.96 
crores in the previous quarter. Cost for the quarter was INR9.83 crores as compared to 
INR10.4 crores in the previous quarter. 
Results for the year ended March 31, 2023. Revenue from operations for the year was 
INR 126.87 crores as compared to INR15.79 crores in the previous year, up by 703%. 
Total income for the year was INR139.04 crores as compared to INR 21.01 crores in 
the previous year, up by 561%. EBITDA loss for the year was INR 2.90 crores as 
compared to a loss of INR 13.08 crores in the previous year. The total loss for the year 
was INR 40.30 crores as compared to INR 13.27 crores in the previous year. 
Now to the balance sheet as of 31st March, 2023. Total assets were INR 391.77 crores 
as of March 31, 2023 as compared to INR 220.57 crores at the end of March 31, 2022. 
Total liabilities were INR 156.94 crores as compared to INR 31.83 crores at the end of 
March 31, 2022. Equity attributable to the equity shareholders were INR 222.54 crores 
as compared to INR 168.08 crores at the end of March 31, 2022. Cash flow, the cash 
used in the operating and investing activities during the current financial year was INR 
50.06 and INR 45.46 crores respectively. The cash generated from financing activities 
was INR 79.98 crores. The cash at the end of the year was INR 20.27 crores. Other 
liquid investments at the end of the year was INR29.95 crores. 
With this I will now pass on the call to Liba to open the floor for question-and-answer 
session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much and I appreciate your continued interest. The first question is 
from the line of Rahul Shah, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Shah: 
Hi team, congratulations on the amazing growth and the great numbers. It looks like 
we are heading to a great financial year. And I wanted to ask you the question that, you 
know, that currently the interest rate environment is such that it's affecting all 
companies and industry. It also is impacting a lot of infrastructure companies and being 
real estate, one of the heavy capital businesses, you think it will have a ripple effect on 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
real estate as well as top tech industry and what measures Aurum is taking to tackle 
the same? 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you Rahul. This is Deora here. I'll attempt to answer your question. We agree 
that the economy overall had slightly shifted towards a high interest environment 
wherein the RBI came with a series of interest hikes. However, we have also seen that 
the previous revision RBI has taken a pause and we'll wait and watch what new 
direction does the RBI give on this. 
Having said that, I'll answer the question in two parts. One is overall impact on the real 
estate front and secondly the impact on Aurum PropTech itself. Now, despite the 
interest rate hike, there has been a continuous uptick in real estate transactions as 
reported by multiple media and sources in terms of the bookings and the -- when you 
track real estate developers, even the listed ones, you see a significant uptick in the 
bookings and the sales that have happened. So that is – whenever such sales in 
transactions have happened, there is a follow through demand in terms of a light 
property services and that is one area we as a prop tech company would expect to 
benefit from. 
Second is that, as I said, since RBI has taken a pause, inflation being its primary 
concern, we believe that there shouldn't be a very long-term impact in terms of sales 
transactions. There could be a momentary pause or a dip, but at the same time, coming 
to the second part where I talk about impact on us, we actually see that whenever there 
is such interest rate hikes or whenever there is a bigger challenge for developers to 
distribute or offload their inventory, that's where some of our services, which are 
hinged on enabling developers to reach faster and sharper to the target clients, that's 
where our offerings, that's where our partner companies actually are able to deliver 
value and hence we as a company benefit from that. 
So our services are in a way, quote unquote, hedging against this interest rate cycle, 
not by design, but by virtue of the offerings that we take to the developer community. 
So in that sense, that is one aspect. The second aspect of the impact on our company is 
that we are not aligned only to the retail sale transactions, specifically of the residential 
real estate market. As a prop tech company, our services, our tech enabled services 
cater to the rental, the co-living aspect also significantly and hence that's a little more 
or relatively more recession proof or interest rate revision proof business as you may 
call it and hence the impact gets further subdued because of that. I hope I was able to 
answer to you. 
Rahul Shah: 
Yes, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pawan from Compound 26 Capital. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Pawan: 
Hello. Hi. I have a couple of questions. The first one was, you provided the breakup of 
revenue business-wise for the quarter? 
Ashish Deora: 
Sure. So, we provide the breakup of revenue under the segment SaaS and RaaS. The 
revenue, SaaS revenue for this quarter was INR6.04 crores and the RaaS revenue was 
INR39.32 crores, a total of INR45.36 crores. 
Pawan: 
And under RaaS you have K2V2, BeyondWorld and Helloworld. So, would it be 
possible to get like what's the major component out there, what's the major revenue 
driver out there? 
Ashish Deora: 
So RaaS will definitely have Helloworld and the BeyondWalls business. So if you ask 
for the numbers, so Helloworld has made around INR52 crores in this year post the 
date of acquisition, that is what we have consolidated in the numbers. Total revenue 
that they have made during the 12 months is INR63 crores -- about the quarter of 
INR39 crores and Helloworld INR17 crores. 
Pawan: 
Helloworld has INR 17 crores and… 
Ashish Deora: 
BeyondWalls has done around INR12 crores. 
Pawan: 
Okay. Got it. The second question was, what is the status of the sale of the residential 
building? Because I think we've been talking about that for a couple of quarters. Is that 
something that's being contemplated? Have we seen in the last couple of quarters about 
sale of two buildings? 
Ashish Deora: 
So look, we have got two buildings. One is around 120,000 square feet, another around 
30,000 square feet. So right now, the bigger building, we have already put it on lease. 
And the smaller building is still available with us. So, we are still expecting the market 
to grow a little bit more. So, we are waiting for that. We are not in a hurry. Though 
there are a couple of opportunities that came to us, but we have not gone ahead. So, we 
are just keeping those things on hold because right now, the buildings are profitable in 
the cash flow. 
Pawan: 
Okay, understood. Thank you so much. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah, individual investor. 
Rahil Shah: 
Hello. Hi. Two questions. First, any new product offerings you are planning, be it for 
RaaS or SaaS, any of them? And the second question will be on your outlook, near 
term, like the first quarter for this FY’24, and even long term, like which areas in this 
business you think will work the best going ahead? Any challenges you foresee? And 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
if you can just follow it up with any guidance or outlook in general, which factors will 
drive growth for the business? Thank you. 
Ashish Deora: 
Rahil, you'll have to help us with your first question. We couldn't quite get the line. 
Second, we have understood. 
Rahil Shah: 
Sure. I was just asking on the product offerings. So you have, so in RaaS and SaaS, are 
you planning on developing new products for the market? 
Ashish Deora: 
So just rephrase so that I understand your question clearly. The first question, most 
specifically, you are looking for some understanding in terms of our product offerings 
in future, or a new offering specifically. Is that correct? 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes. Be it for RaaS or the SaaS divisions which you operate. 
Hiren Ladva: 
So, I'll take the SaaS first. As you know, we have two major, or the two large 
contributing SaaS products. One is in the co-living segment, the other is in the 
transition segment or the developer side. So, there we are continuously upgrading our 
product features in line with the feedback that we continuously keep receiving from 
the developers who are our clientele and customers. And seeing what further 
integration that we can do with other SaaS products or ERPs that the developer might 
be having. 
So that's the more of a product augmentation plan that we have, which is a continuous 
plan in each way. The second, as far as the other B2B SaaS product that we have in 
our portfolio in the form of the House Monk. There we are right now catering to 
property managers, property owners in the residential or the co-living segment. There 
we have two, three product ideas which are as of today under POC or with seven to 
eight clients in the commercial space. 
And once the POC is over in the next two to three months, we will be launching them 
further to a wider clientele base. Third, we also have under the hood an ERP, a light 
CRM SaaS product in the name of Kailash, which has without significant investments 
in go-to-market efforts already clocked more than a thousand odd clientele. And we 
are very excited about the growth of this particular product. So that once again, this is 
right now in the POC stage only, and we are not monetizing it heavily. So once the 
POC ends, we'll take this product to market. So this is as far as the SaaS is concerned. 
As far as the RaaS services are concerned in the co-living segment, as of now we are 
focusing on around 10 major cities with three cities where we aim to have leadership 
positions. From a segmentation point of view, we are in the mid-segment and we have 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
a few offerings going towards the premium side as well. And the third sub-segment 
would be the student living segment, where we are also one of the market leaders there. 
So we will continue to focus there on the supply side, supply acquisition side, in line 
with where the demand is coming from. So that has been our forte and that's what we'll 
continue to focus on. Then in terms of the other RaaS offerings, I think we have 
BeyondWorld, which got introduced to the market almost a year back. I think we are 
now in a position to take this more from a new market point of view rather than 
specifically new offerings. Continuous product development, addition of features, 
etcetera, would continue under the BeyondWorld overall product. But now the time is 
for the product to be taken to a wider market and that's what we will be focusing on 
there. I hope that kind of gives you an idea of our product strategy at the moment. 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes, definitely. And on the second part of my question, which was on the outlook, if 
you can... 
Ashish Deora: 
So I have, this is Ashish here. I think the financial year 2023 has been a very defining 
year for Aurum PropTech because we did INR139 crores, INR 140 crores of revenue 
in this year, with last quarter being INR 51.25 crores or something around that. We 
think that the way we look at the upcoming year is that there is tremendous discipline 
in execution. There's tremendous focus today with all the companies and all the 
products that we have in the market. In terms of development, the products that are 
getting in and the features that are getting into the market are almost on schedule. 
So it kind of gives us a tremendous conviction that we should be on a strong growth 
momentum going forward as well, quarter-on-quarter. I guess at this stage that is what 
we can share in terms of guidelines and outlook. 
Rahil Shah: 
It is okay, but at least you can say that from here it will be upwards in terms of 
trajectory of your growth. So what I get from your explanation is we can at least expect 
a good upward trajectory in terms of growth, even top line and EBITDA both? 
Ashish Deora: 
That is for sure. That is for sure that we are on a great growth trajectory. There is no 
reason for us to kind of slow down on that. Also another factor that has been very 
encouraging is that our expense to income ratio has come down from 1.6 to 1.2 from 
quarter one of last year to quarter four of this year. So we are also keeping a keen eye 
on the expense to income ratio while we are keeping a very strong focus on growth 
momentum. 
So it is that much easier to grow if you don't look at expense to income ratio. So the 
balance of that is a challenge and that is what we are all focused upon. And I think the 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
last year has given us that conviction and sense that look you can grow exponentially, 
and you can still be on the path to profitability. 
Rahil Shah: 
 
Okay. Thank you, Ashish. And I wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Hi, team. So it is really phenomenal to see how the company is doing and also that 
how we are matching our guidance. So we have already achieved the INR50 crores -- 
INR200 crores that we targeted earlier. So I'd like to continue with the previous 
question. The question that has already been asked, that is, can you please help us with 
the revenue of different business segments that we have, that is the K2V2, Monk Tech, 
Integrow, etcetera. Because if we get to know these, then only we can understand the 
business fairly well? 
Hiren Ladva: 
So look, it is difficult to call out all the numbers, but because you are asking very 
specifically and the numbers will definitely come out when we publish our annual 
report. So I will just give you the numbers of the break-up of the INR126.87 crores of 
revenue from operations company-wide. So the companies under Aurum has done 
around 17. K2V2 has done 51. K2V2, then Aurum Analytica has done 6.79. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, so this will help us and we'll have the details in the annual report, right? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes. So when the annual report comes out, we will get the details because that is to be 
published. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, that works. And also I believe that the company must have some vision for, let's 
say, upcoming three, four, five years. Some aspirational targets that we are looking 
forward to in terms of revenue and EBITDA. At least five years down the line? 
Ashish Deora: 
So this is Ashish here. I think there is, you know, a three-year forecast is difficult to 
kind of give on the call. But what we are clearly seeing is that the company, as I said 
earlier, is on a tremendous growth trajectory. We are very focused on being 
conservative with capital. We think that we have put in the right financial prudence. 
We think that we are able to now scale up products, our management is able to work 
with companies, integrate them, bring them to a collaborative effect, get them to work 
together. 
Our technology, data, capital, and services, all four are integrating well along with the 
entrepreneurial setup that we have and things like that. So while, of course, we have 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
the 2026 internal revenue, which are very, very aggressive, but I think we need to take 
it by the quarter and kind of play that out. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay. Yes, that works for us. Thank you. And you guys are really doing a great job. 
Thank you. 
Ashish Deora: 
 
Thank you, Aditya. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhi from Finkurve. Please go ahead. 
Nidhi: 
Yes, so just wanted to know what you think about the future prospect and the expected 
market size of PropTech sales and any new company acquired or any new product or 
service developed during the FY’23 
Hiren Ladva: 
Thankfully, you've asked about prop tech and not Aurum PropTech. So a little easier 
to answer because with Aurum PropTech, we have limitations on making forward-
looking statements. But as far as the sector is concerned overall. So we have 
continuously maintained and stated how bullish we are. And then we drive our vision 
from a 2030 projection of the Indian economy, of which if you take 10%, actually it is 
around 13% as the property sector as a percentage of the GDP. 
And within that, if you take the PropTech as a segment, that would be another 10%. 
That itself is roughly a $100 billion opportunity in the next seven to eight years now, 
right? Now within that, the way we broadly see is that fortunately or unfortunately, the 
adoption of technology has been lagging compared to many other sectors, for example, 
retail or any other manufacturing or logistic sector, for example, right, where tech 
adoption has been faster than it has been in property. 
And that gives us a huge opportunity to scale up at the juncture we are in. And this 
adoption is happening across the entire life cycle of any property unit consumption, be 
it commercial real estate or residential real estate, which starts from conceptualization 
of the residential or the commercial project to its construction, to its delivery, to the 
sales and marketing part of it, eventually consumption part of it, which could be in 
terms of leasing, renting out. And there are tremendous opportunities for tech play to 
make life simpler, easier, efficient for the entire ecosystem, right? 
And that's what if you see, if you look around in terms of PropTech, there are many 
exciting propositions and startups coming up and we as Aurum PropTech have been 
fortunate enough to have the right presence already marked and where we could go 
further from here in terms of, for example, A, the transaction space. Right now we are 
focusing on the residential part. B, the rental and living where through Helloworld  and 
co-living segment, we have a very good position to grow further. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
And I'm talking about long term, so seven, eight years, the opportunity could be very, 
very large. And three, the other wider segment is where the capital services come in, 
where the efficiency play comes in for enterprises. So when we try to paint the canvas 
of PropTech, one, it's exciting simply because of the amount of growth prospects it 
presents. At the same time, it's even more exciting with the applications of tech and 
more so now with AI, ML, the use of big data at the bottom of it. 
And the adoption opportunity that is presented by the property sector in India itself. So 
some total of it, I think we continue to remain excited and motivated by the opportunity 
that PropTech has. 
Nidhi: 
Okay. So also, could you give a detail about top products across SaaS and RaaS and 
the most generally generating products? 
Hiren Ladva: 
So we partly covered it in the previous question, but I'll reiterate. As far as SaaS 
products are concerned, we have on a sell.do under K2V2. The other is the House 
Monk under Montech Labs, right? These are the two main SaaS products as of now. 
There are a couple of other products which are under the POC or the development stage 
and their revenues have not yet started clicking in material way. Then moving on to 
the RaaS services, we have one, the Helloworld s Co-Living business, second, K2V2's 
BeyondWorld business, and then Integrow's asset management services, then followed 
by Auram Analytica, in no order particular, but Analytica was the last transaction that 
we bought it. So Auram Analytica is also part of the RaaS. 
Nidhi: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Arora, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipul Arora: 
Thank you, everyone. So my question is to B2C segment. So I learned that Aurum in 
the last few months introduced some of the B2C products like Aurum KuberX, 
Instahome, and AurumLiv. So all those products are typically for the consumer side. 
So being, acquiring a customer is a bit costly, as well as retaining is also pain. So my 
question is, because those are the new products, and we have a couple of competitors 
as well with a good balance sheet. So they are also in the same space. So my question 
to Mr. Ashishji, could you please share your thoughts and give us some light about 
your planning about the products that we recently introduced, especially into the B2C 
segment? 
Ashish Deora: 
So Vipulji, this B2C segment is always a tough segment. The gap is becoming higher 
and higher with time. Effectively to garner INR1 of revenue, companies are spending 
more than INR1, that sometimes INR10 to garner INR1 of revenue. We definitely do 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
realize that. And while realizing that, we have good products in the B2C segment. But 
also our own philosophy on DNA doesn't allow us to spend a lot on the consumer 
acquisition cost, which typically companies do. 
So if you look at the KuberX product, KuberX is a loan application product. If you 
look at Instahome, with Instahome we are trying to solve the secondary homes market, 
which according to us, nobody has been able to crack until now. And with AurumLiv, 
we are trying to solve the primary segment market. To my mind, the AurumLiv is that 
much easier with lesser customer acquisition costs. Then comes the KuberX and then 
comes the Instahome. What we are getting is a tremendous amount of support and 
feedback and data from various of our own companies, which we integrate with these 
B2C products. And then we kind of roll out accordingly. 
So for example, KuberX can also work with BeyondWorld and AurumLiv home 
buyers with a zero CSE. Because whoever is buying homes on AurumLiv and 
BeyondWorld also can really need home loans. And that is why there is a connect 
between KuberX and BeyondWorld. And so on and so forth. So this is the way we are 
building the B2C products. Our ramp up on B2C products will be not as fast as the 
other companies but it will definitely be more sustainable with more cash students, 
more cash conservative approach than most of the other companies. This is what our 
strategy has been on B2C products. Also, we are now in process of launching a data 
product, which is called Aurum Data Hub, which is again a B2C data product, which 
we think brings tremendous value for home buyers and there is primarily or secondly. 
And that also helps KuberX, Instahome and Aurum Liv because of the knowledge that 
Aurum Data Hub will provide to the potential home buyers or home buyers or people 
who are also wanting to rent homes. So we have, I think, a 360 degree strategy on how 
to keep the CAC low and at the same point of time run this B2C digital products. These 
are early days. We feel very confident, but I think these are early days on how we kind 
of approach this. 
Vipul Arora: 
Okay, makes sense. And the second part of my question is, now we have a couple of 
partner companies and the synergies is definitely be like working each other. So are 
you going to facing any kind of challenges to being a managing the particular founders 
at the same place with the same mindset that you have in your mind, especially with 
the partner companies? 
Ashish Deora: 
There are always challenges, right? Whenever there will be people involved, there will 
be challenges. Even with the own team members, there can be challenges. So I can't 
say that there are no challenges or zero challenges, but the way we see that we have, 
whether we are being able to bring value to our partners or to the founders or to our 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
management team or not. And the good thing about e-tech business is that it can be 
very collaborative. It can be very win-win scenario. 
So for example, BeyondWorld, which was the first company that we had worked with 
and we partnered with, now they are kind of working with us for also for along with 
Kubernetes, right? Also, they are now working with, they are helping companies like 
Shriram Properties to come into Pune because Aurum also acquired 15% in Shriram 
Properties, not Aurum PropTech, but the holding company of Aurum also acquired 
15% in Shriram Properties. 
So they are also now kind of working with Shriram Properties in Pune. So this is the 
ecosystem that we talk about. I think if the founders and the management team is busy 
with more and more challenges, then there are less challenges that they pose for each 
other. And that is what we are trying to work on. 
Vipul Arora: 
Yes, especially you just pointed out like the clients, especially Shriram Properties as 
well. Aurum Analytica have great client base. So are we also trying to cross sell the 
products with which definitely matching to the clients? Are we able to cross sell in 
some point of time, maybe not today or coming future as well? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes, that's definitely in the plans. Having said that, yes, we're very cautious about the 
right synergies. So one of one key element and in the previous, you know, the things 
we have called about a platform called Aurum Entrepreneur Forum, where we actually 
get these founders to talk about those synergies, common go-to-market strategies and 
plans. So there are already including for Aurum Analytica as well as other 
organizations, you know, those synergies or those joint go-to-market plans, etc. have 
been called out, ironed out and then the POCs are underway. So that's definitely there 
on the cards. That's one of the pillars of the ecosystem collaboration that we have. So 
you're right. Yes, we are working on those. 
Vipul Arora:  
 
All right. Thank you. One request to... 
Ashish Deora: 
Sorry, just to add one to what Hiren says. Also, what we are doing is we are keeping a 
keen eye on the numbers. What it does is that if effectively we have seen that 
companies growing to two to three times in 18 to 24 months, that is what we are seeing 
from the time that we have acquired or invested or started to partner with them. And 
we are just kind of ensuring that that growth trajectory is continuing with each product, 
with each company, with each team, with each B2C product, etc. And I think that 
growth focus without losing too much capital is kind of getting everybody together to 
help each other in that collaborative fashion, which we run through all the entrepreneur 
forum that Hiren was talking about. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Vipul Arora: 
Definitely. Yes, really makes such kind of platform which basically collaborates by all 
founders. Just one request to management. If possible, can you please, even though not 
today, but any future, you can invite the investor so that we can meet you as a face-to-
face would be really great. Thank you. 
Ashish Deora: 
 
Sure, sure. We will try our best to do that. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Chogani from Devang 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Devang Chogani: 
Good evening, everyone. My question is for the Aurum Instahome. So how can we 
compete competitors like 99acres and other pre-established people in the sector with 
Aurum Instahome app? Are we planning to beat them or are we planning to build a 
different consumer base altogether? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Thanks Devang for the question. Just to clarify, we actually do not, with Instahomes, 
we do not compete with 99acres. Their offering is completely different. They are a 
listing platform to which potential buyers are able to meet potential sellers. It could be 
C2C, it could be B2C. Whereas Instahomes is a pure C2C transition platform that we 
are aiming to build. Where somebody who is wanting to sell their inventory, sell their 
residential unit, is able to reach out to a potential buyer. 
And that's the offering there. So in a way, we do not compete with 99acres. Having 
said that, in the C2C residential sale market, as Mr. Ashish was pointing out earlier, 
it's a problem that remains to be solved and that's the opportunity that we are actively 
trying to take platform. Solving for various fundamental challenges in the space, meet 
in the form of trust or the amount of time it takes to either sell or buy a residential 
property in secondary sales. So these are some of the challenges that we are aiming to 
solve with our tech platform. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Devang, I have a better idea. So the primary residential market generally in India 
averages to around 2.5 lakh units being sold on a yearly basis. If you take an average 
apartment value of INR6 crores and assume a 2% brokerage on that, the primary 
market accounts for about a INR4,000 crores market on a yearly basis. So taking a 
similar number for the secondary market, if it's an INR4,000 crores brokerage market, 
it's available for everybody and we just started on our way up there. 
Devang: 
Okay. Thank you. I had another question for the Helloworld, which we are having. So 
Helloworld is being a star performer for us for a very long time since we have acquired 
it. So are we planning to make it available in more cities like it's available in 15 cities 
as of now, right? Right. So are we expanding it in different cities or are we planning to 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
have more of it in the current cities only, like more branches of Helloworld in the 
current cities we already exist in or tapping new cities altogether? 
Ashish Deora: 
This is Ashish here. Onboarding a city for any of the companies, including Helloworld, 
is a major decision because it's very easy to expand, very difficult to maintain and then 
even tougher to shut operations in a city. So we believe that I think we are in a very 
sweet spot with 15 odd cities that Helloworld currently operates in. Of course, we 
review this on a monthly basis. You might see one or two cities kind of being replaced 
by two or three cities. The 15 number might become 16, 17, or 18. But there is 
definitely no plan or strategy to be present in more than 20 cities even in the next two 
or three years. 
The reason behind that is that it's an operations-heavy business. It is our brand that is 
put upon that. So we want to be very careful on what kind of value are we providing 
to the users of Helloworld and if we expand into more cities, then that we believe can 
get a little diluted. So we'll go slow. I think with 15 cities, in any case, you are covering 
a very large part of the country per se from a point of view of the total that we have. 
And I think we at Helloworld  are at a sweet spot on that. 
Hiren Ladva: 
To add to that, our choice of supply, which is not just at the city level but also at the 
micro-locality level is to ensure that we have a critical mass of properties as well as 
tenants. End of the day, it's all about unit economics and the operational efficiency. So 
single units in a large micro-locality or very few units in a city with a smaller potential, 
I think those are the kind of equations that we do not want to get into. And that's why 
we are very cautious, and that's why the choice of 15 cities at the moment. The moment 
we see that the demand of co-living as a segment starts growing in a particular city 
where there is tremendous employment generation of the right target segment that we 
have, we will definitely keep our eyes open. 
Devang: 
 
Okay, thank you so much. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the 
conference to Ms. Vanessa Fernandez for closing comments. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Liba. We thank all the participants who have joined us today and you have 
kept on continuously tracking us over the past four quarters. We thank you for your 
continued interest and we look forward to seeing you again in the next call. Thank you 
very much. Have a good evening ahead. 
Hiren Ladva: 
 
Thank you so much. 
Ashish Deora: 
 
Thank you. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Aurum PropTech Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
