 
 
 
 
February 28, 2023  
 
To 
 
To 
The Deputy General Manager, 
 
The Listing Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
 
Exchange Plaza, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
 
Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Maharashtra, India 
 
BSE Code: 512573  
 
 
        NSE Symbol: AVANTIFEED 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of post earnings Audio Conference Call for Q3 FY 2022-23. 
 
*** 
 
Further to our letter dated February 23, 2023, we enclose herewith the transcript of post 
earnings Audio Conference Call for Investors held on February 22, 2023, in connection with 
unaudited financial results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2022 and the same will also be available on the 
website of the Company at 
https://avantifeeds.com/corporate-announcement/ 
Investor / Analyst Corner. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Avanti Feeds Limited 
 
 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
Joint Managing Director,  
Company Secretary, 
Compliance Officer & CFO 
DIN: 00026010 
Encl: As above 
1
RAMACHANDRA 
RAO CUDDAPAH
Digitally signed by 
RAMACHANDRA RAO 
CUDDAPAH 
Date: 2023.02.28 16:36:09 
+05'30'

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Avanti Feeds Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
22nd February, 2023, at 04:00 PM (IST) for a duration of 65 Minutes 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
 
 
1. Mr. A. Indra Kumar 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
2. Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao 
Joint Managing Director, CS & CFO  
 
3. Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh 
Executive Director - Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited 
 
4. Mrs. B. Shanti Latha 
General Manager - Finance and Accounts   
 
5. Ms. Lakshmi Sharma 
Sr. Manager - Corporate Affairs 
 
 
 
 
 
             
 
 
2

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Moderator 
 
Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. I am Vidya, moderator for the conference call. 
Welcome to Avanti Feeds Limited Q3 FY23 Results Conference Call, hosted by Kfin 
Technologies Limited. We have with us today from the management Mr. A. Indra 
Kumar, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, Joint Managing 
Director, CS & CFO; Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh, Executive Director of Avanti Frozen Foods 
Private Limited; Mrs. B. Shanti Latha, GM-Finance and Accounting; and Ms. Lakshmi 
Sharma, Sr. Manager-Corporate Affairs. 
 
As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need any assistance during the conference call, please signal an Operator by pressing 
* then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note this conference is recorded. I would 
now like to hand over the floor to the management. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
Thank you, Vidya. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. I extend a warm welcome for 
all, for this investor conference call to review the unaudited financial results for the Q3 
FY23. Along with me here are Mr. A. Indra Kumar, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Alluri Nikhilesh, Executive Director of Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited, joining 
from France; and other team members The results of Q3 FY23 already are published 
from sometime now and we are sure that you would have gone through them.  
 
However, I would like to share with you some of the key indicators relevant for our 
discussion today.  
 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR Q3 FY 23: 
 
(A) Q3 FY 23 RESULTS 
 
The comparative performance of Q3FY23 with that of Q2FY23 and Q3FY22 have been 
given in the presentation already circulated.  Gross Income in Q3FY23 is INR1,132 
crores as compared to INR 1,349 crores in the previous quarter Q2FY23, a decrease of 
INR 217 crores by 16%. Compared to Q3FY22 gross income of INR 1,088 crores, there 
is an increase of INR 44 crores by 4%. The PBT is INR96 crores in Q3FY23 as 
compared to INR 90 Crores in Q2FY23 an increase of INR 6 Crores by 7% and 
compared to Q3FY22 PBT of INR 66 crores, there is an increase of INR 30 Crores by 
45%. The consolidated results indicate net impact of several factors, such as 
increase/decrease in income, expenditure and exceptional item etc., relating to Feed 
3

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
and Frozen Food divisions which have been discussed in the following divisional 
performance of these units, individually. 
 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS OF FEED AND PROCESSING DIVISIONS 
 
A. FEED DIVISION: 
 
Q3FY23 RESULTS 
 
The gross income for the Q3FY23 is INR 878 crores as compared to INR 1040 crores in 
the previous quarter of Q2FY23, decreased by INR 162 crores representing a decrease 
by 16% mainly due to decrease in quantity of feed sales and early harvesting on 
account of disease, rains, decrease in farm gate prices of bigger size shrimps compared 
to smaller size. The gross income in Q3FY23 increased to INR 878 crores from INR 819 
crores in the corresponding quarter of Q3FY22 increased by INR 59 crores 
representing 7%, due to increase in sales realization. 
 
The PBT for the Q3FY23 is INR 70 crores as compared to INR 52 crores in Q2FY23, an 
increase of INR 18 crores by 35%, mainly due to stabilization of prices of major Raw 
Materials. The Feed sales reduced to 1,06,313 Mts in Q3FY23 as compared 1,26,034 
Mts in Q2 FY23. The PBT in Q3FY23 has increased by INR14 crores from INR38 crores 
in Q3FY22, representing by 37%.  
 
As you know, the cost of raw materials constitutes major share of cost of Feed 
production, particularly, Fishmeal, Soyabean Meal and Wheat Flour. The average raw 
material cost in terms of percentage over feed sale price was 83.61% in Q3FY23 as 
compared to 87.40% in Q3FY22 and 88.11% in Q2FY23, indicating a marginal 
decrease by about 3.79% as compared to Q3FY22 and 4.5% in Q2FY23. The average 
cost takes into consideration volatility of the major raw materials like Fishmeal, 
Soyabean meal and Wheat Flour, sometimes increase and sometimes decrease during 
respective quarters The present rates of Fish meal, Soyabean meal and Wheat Flour 
are INR 110/-, per Kg, INR 57/- per Kg and INR 36/- per Kg, respectively. 
 
Export of Fishmeal from India: 
 
The export of Fishmeal from India to countries like China, Taiwan, Vietnam etc., has 
gone up steeply over the past 8 to 10 months, creating shortage in Fishmeal for 
domestic consumption.  The spurt in demand for exports is due to increase in import 
of Fishmeal from India by China, Taiwan and Vietnam etc., due to shortage of 
production in Peru and also higher ocean freight from Peru compared to imports from 
India.  Added to this, the Indian Rupee (INR) has been depreciating against USD giving 
4

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
a higher sales realization to Indian exporters further the exports are incentivized by 
Duty Drawback @ 2.95% on FOB Value and @ 2.30% of RODTEP.  The Fishmeal 
production in India is about 3.75 – 4 lakh Mt per annum and Shrimp Feed Industry 
consumes about 3 lakhs Mts per annum for feed production i.e. 75% - 80% of 
Fishmeal is required for feed production in India. With the present trend for export 
demand, almost 3 – 3.5 lakh Mt per annum are likely to be exported.  This is of great 
dis-advantage to the domestic consumers of Fishmeal, creating shortage and pushing 
up the domestic prices. To mitigate this hardship, the Govt. of India is being 
approached 
to initiate measures 
to safeguard the domestic 
Shrimp Feed 
manufacturers in the interest of Shrimp exports earning valuable foreign exchange. 
In this context, it is pertinent to mention that the recent budgetary decrease of 
Customs Duty on import of Fishmeal to 5% from 15% is not significant and advantage 
to the domestic consumers. 
 
Wheat Flour Price: 
 
Like Fishmeal, Wheat Flour prices also increasing steeply which appears to be due to 
inconsistent policy of exports of Wheat and Wheat products during 2022.  In 
anticipation of allowing exports of Wheat and Wheat products, the traders seem to 
hoard these products, resulting in increase of Wheat Flour price. 
 
In order to check the rising domestic Wheat and Wheat products prices, on 25th 
January’23, the Govt. of India announced the sale of 30 lakhs tons of Wheat in the 
open market.  Again, yesterday i.e. 21st February’23, the Centre announced sale of an 
additional 20 lakh tons Wheat in the open market to further bring down the retail 
price of Wheat and Wheat Flour.  The Govt. has decided that State owned Food 
Corporation of India will off load an additional quantity of 20 lakhs Mt of Wheat under 
Open Market Sale Scheme.  Further, this year (2022-23 crop year) the Wheat crop also 
estimated to rise to 112.18 Mn tons as compared to 107.74 Mn tons in the previous 
year (2021-22 crop year). 
 
It is expected that the Wheat Flour prices will soften and stabilize, hereafter.  
 
To sum up, I would like to share with you that the prices of these major raw materials 
along with related products like Fish oil, Soya Lecithin etc., keep changing from time 
to time depending upon the seasonality, production, global trends etc., which has 
direct impact on the raw material cost of the feed, beyond the Company’s control. 
 
 
 
 
5

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
B. SHRIMP PROCESSING DIVISION: 
 
Q3FY23 RESULTS 
  
• The gross income for Q3FY23 is INR 256 crores as compared to INR 310 crores in 
Q2FY23, a decrease by INR 54 crores representing 17.7% due to decrease in sales 
volume by 627 MT representing 18%.  The significant reason for lower sales volume in 
Q3FY23 is postponement of shipments on Buyers request because of inventory 
holding at their warehouses. 
 
• The gross income in Q3FY23 decreased to INR 256 crores from INR 270 crores 
compared to corresponding quarter Q3FY22, a decrease of INR 14 crores representing 
5.2%. Though Sales volume decreased by 18.2%, gross total decreased by 5.2% only, 
due to positive impact of increase in average export realisation by $ 0.29 per Kg and 
foreign exchange gain due to depreciation of INR against USD. 
 
• The PBT for the Q3FY23 is INR 30 crores as compared to INR 40 crores in Q2FY23, 
decreased by INR 10 crores which represents 1.1% over gross income, mainly due to 
decrease in sales volume and average sales realization by $ 0.32/kg. Having said that, 
the PBT has not decreased proportionately with gross income reduction. The Company 
could able to maintain the PBT owing to increase in foreign exchange gain and 
marginal decrease in ocean freight cost. 
 
• The PBT in Q3Y23 is INR 30 Crores increased from INR 26 Crores in the 
corresponding quarter Q3FY22.   
                                                                                                                                                          
Provision for Recall Expenses in the Financial Statements: 
 
In Q3FY23 Financial Statements, an additional provision of INR 1.52 Crores have been 
made as an exceptional item towards value of returned/destroyed product and other 
related expenses, with cumulative provision of INR 35.62 crores till 31st December’22 
out of which an amount of INR 31.56 crores has been paid on the basis of claims 
leaving the balance INR 4.06 crores as a provision in the Financial Statements.  
 
As regards the product liability claims for bodily injury caused by consuming 
Company’s contaminated product under the recall, the Company’s insurer, New India 
Assurance Company has appointed a Surveyor for processing of the claims. So far the 
Company has received 13 claims towards bodily injury which have been forwarded to 
the insurance surveyor for processing. Since the liability has been covered under 
Commercial General Liability Insurance Policy, no provision has been made in the 
financial statements.  The extent of claims in financial terms is yet to be ascertained. 
6

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
INDUSTRY OVER VIEW – FUTURE OUTLOOK: 
 
You may notice that in Q3FY23, Feed Division resulted in an increase of profit though 
the sales have decreased, mainly due to stabilization of prices of major raw materials 
during the quarter. 
 
The Shrimp exports have also decreased in Q3FY23 compared to Q2FY23. 
 
The later part of the year 2022 experienced severe stress on the Shrimp Culture 
industry by decrease in production of shrimps, farm gate prices going down, global 
recession etc., The year 2022 ended with, rather a disappointing note for these 
reasons. 
 
2023 Budget support to the Industry: 
 
As far as import duties and GST are concerned, the Aquaculture Industry did not 
receive much support from the 2023 budget presented on 01st February’23 by the 
Hon’ble Finance Minister, except the following: 
 
• 
The import duty on Fishmeal has been reduced to 5% from 15%.  However, this 
decrease has not helped the Feed Industry, as explained earlier. 
 
• 
The import duty on Fish Lipid Oil for manufacture of Aquatic Feed has been 
reduced to 15% from 30%.  However, this decrease is not helpful to the Feed 
Industry, on the same lines as Fishmeal, explained earlier. 
 
• 
The import duty on Krill Meal for manufacture of Aquatic Feed has been 
reduced to 5% from 15%.  This also is not of much help since the imported Krill 
Meal cost is very high even after 5% duty. 
 
• 
The import duty on Vitamin & Mineral premixes used for manufacture of 
Aquatic Feed has been reduced to 5% from 15% which has provided a marginal 
benefit to the importers of Vitamin and Mineral Premixes used for Feed 
manufacture. 
 
• 
The import duty on Algal Prime(Flour) for manufacture of Aquatic Feed has 
been reduced to 15% from 30% providing a marginal relief. 
 
The quantity of Vitamin & Mineral Premixes, Algal Prime (Flour) used in the Feed is 
not significant and as such the decrease of duties by 10% / 15% does not give much 
relief as expected by the Feed manufacturers. 
7

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Continuing this outlook, the year 2022-2023 started on a low key.  The farmers did 
not show much interest and are reluctant to stock the seed which otherwise would 
have started now briskly.  As per the information available, upto mid-February’23, the 
stocking was 5700 Mn Seed as against 7800 Mn Seed during the corresponding period 
of previous year according the stocking went down by 26.92% in the first 45 days of 
the year.  However, as the farm gate prices of shrimps is increasing, the farmers are 
looking for stocking from March’23 onwards.  It is anticipated that the shrimp culture 
will pick up from March’23 to make up the shortfall in first two months.   
 
However, to be cautious, with global economy looking bleak with recession looming 
large throughout the world. 
   
The Shrimp production in 2023 is likely to around 8.5 lakh Mt as against 9 lakh Mt in 
2022. 
 
SHRIMP PRODUCTION AND FEED CONSUMPTION IN FY22 AND COMPANY PLANS 
FOR FY23: 
 
SHRIMP FEED CONSUMPTION: 
 
Though, at the start of the first season, the Shrimp Feed consumption in CY22 in 
India is expected to grow by about 15% compared to CY21, with an estimated sales of 
12 lakh Mts.  However, due to the various reasons stated earlier the shrimp feed 
consumption in CY22 is now expected to be at 9.75 – 10 lakh Mts, as compared to 11 
lakhs Mts in CY21. 
 
The Company’s feed sales during the FY22 was about 5.41 lakh mts as compared to 
4.73 lakhs mts in FY 21. It is expected that for FY23 it would around 5 lakh Mt unless 
the shrimp culture in the rest of the year goes down steeply due to uncontrollable 
reasons. 
 
The company has completed setting up of a new Shrimp Feed manufacturing facility in 
Bandapuram with annual installed capacity of 1,75,000 Mt with a CAPEX of INR125 
crores.  The new facility has commenced commercial production in December’22.  
With the new plant commencing production, there would not be short supply of 
Company’s feed during the peak season this year, as in the previous year, which has 
resulted in short supply of Feed to the market to the extent of about 50,000 Mt. 
 
 
 
 
8

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
SHRIMP PROCESSING & EXPORT: 
 
The country’s Shrimp production and export has come down in CY22 to about 6.00 – 
6.50 lakh Mts, as compared to 7.00 to 7.50 lakh Mts in CY21. 
 
The Company’s Shrimp exports during the FY22 was about 12,836 mts as compared 
to 11,518 mts in FY21. It is expected for FY23 would be around the same level of 
12,500 mts. 
 
Avanti Frozen is in the process of expanding pre-processing and main processing as 
detailed: 
 
1 
Pre-processing 
facility 
in 
Gopalapuram 
(adjacent 
to 
the 
existing Processing plant). 
Completed 
and 
awaiting 
final 
approvals to start Pre-processing with 
a Capex of INR 11.43 crores. 
2 
New 
processing 
plant 
and 
cold 
storage 
in 
Krishnapuram, 
East 
Godavari District with 7000 MT p.a. 
capacity. 
Land 
acquired 
and 
Civil 
works 
commenced. The Estimated cost is 
INR 64.6 crores. 
 
Company has been selected under two investment Incentive Schemes of the 
Government of India: 
 
1) Sales based incentives under “Production Linked Incentive” Scheme 
and 
2) Grant-in-Aid under “Operation Greens – Long Term Interventions” Scheme. 
 
Production Linked Incentive Scheme: 
 
• 
Company is eligible for incentive of 6% (Value Added Products 10%) on 
incremental sales over a period of 6 years from the FY2021-22 to FY2026-27, 
subject to maximum of INR 79.44 Crores with minimum 5% CAGR in Sales. 
 
• 
The Company has made a claim application at 6% on the incremental Sales of 
INR57 Crores for release of incentive under PLI for FY22 and it is under review 
by the Ministry, this is not accounted in the books of accounts. As per the 
policy of the Company, such accounting will be done based on receipts. 
 
9

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Operation Greens Scheme: 
 
• 
Approval from GOI for Grant-In-Aid, for the proposed investment in New 
Shrimp Processing Plant at Krishnapuram, have been received in December’22. 
• 
Maximum Grant-in-Aid under the Scheme is INR 10 Crores. 
• 
Grant-in-Aid will be released in 3 installments. Application for disbursement is 
required to be submitted 8 months, 16 months and 24 months after the date of 
approval of the project. 
 
The outlook for coming quarters for the feed processing division appears to be 
promising on account of softening of the ocean freights, increase in value-added 
products, exports and also with the Chinese market promising we just hope that the 
processing division would do better in the coming quarters. 
 
I think with this I close the big background with the setting the ground for discussion. 
Now we'll go into the question-and-answer session. 
 
 
 
10
10

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
QUESTIONS & ANSWERS 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and 
wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you 
may do so by pressing * and 1 again. We will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question comes from Onkar Kulkarni, from Sri 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Hello. My question was regarding, just now you mentioned that with the softening of 
raw material prices the future seems to be bright. So, what do you think, what could 
be your margins in the medium to long-term? I mean, we are not able to gather, like 
what kind of margin percentage you can deliver in the mid to long-term because of so 
much of volatility in all the things. 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
I think the question has to be split into two, one is about the feed, the other about the 
processing. Let me first take up the feed division. As I explained very clearly in my 
presentation that the raw material prices are likely to come down for further reason. 
But it is very uncertain, it will come down and what extent we’ll be able to take 
advantage of that, these are all the factors which will only can be answered in the due 
course. The decision of the Government to release the 30+20, about 50 lakh tons of 
wheat, it has come very recently. So, we have to see how the market is going to react 
for this, whether the prices are going to come down or how it is going to happen. 
 
Similarly, we are trying to see the exports; the fish meal has really created a great 
disadvantage for domestic consumers like the shrimp feed producers, because the 
prices are very high, export prices which we are giving it about INR 150. So, they’re 
selling at INR 110 per kg now, fishmeal. So, whatever amount of the concession, the 
difference is so huge that to divert them some Government has to come with a very 
strategic planning to provide the comfort to the domestic industries as far as the 
availability of fishmeal is concerned. We are working on that. So, like soya bean is also 
like that. Yesterday, the prices have gone up again on soya bean meal. The reason is 
not known, why it has gone up. 
 
11
11

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
So, these are all. As we have been telling almost in every investor’s call that these raw 
materials are very highly volatile, and it is very-very difficult to give you a precise 
margins this is going to result in. And on the other side as you know that the pricing 
of feed is also not totally free from certain conditions, regulations by the Government. 
So, on the both sides we have very stringent conditions whereby we are operating. So, 
under these circumstances it is very difficult for giving you any specific percentage of 
the profit margin. Coming to the question of processing. Here also there is always a 
mismatch between the raw materials, the farm gate prices and the final export price. 
So, there also we try our best to reduce our cost of processing and maximize the 
profitability. I think Mr. Indra Kumar, our CMD, will explain more on this aspect. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Everything depends on the international market situation and the openings of the 
different markets. As of now, because the recession and inflation across the world, 
there is a pressure on the prices, and definitely within another two-three months that 
would come to normalcy, and in the US already they have huge inventories. And 
because of China declared a complete lockdown and lifted it only in the month of 
December. So, there has been no item was exported to China because of the lockdown 
and they declared 100% lockdown. Because of that there was turbulence in the 
market because China they are the second largest importer of seafood, mainly shrimp. 
 
With the lockdown declaring on the exporting countries and exporters, we have looked 
into civil market of America, US. And as everybody knows about the Russia and 
Ukraine war, the European market is also very volatile. Definitely, because of that the 
shrimp farmers were little skeptical of stocking in the beginning of the year i.e., 
January, but slowly they're coming back for stocking. The prices seem to be 
stabilizing. And as of now, since our company is concentrated more on value-added 
products, we are able to sell and the margins are quite reasonable. And if we look at 
the supply and demand, the supply of shrimp for the processing plants is very low 
because in the end of 2022 because of the Cyclones, the disease and also the Chinese 
lockdown different, the farmers were low in stocking and so that the raw material 
availability has come down right now. Slowly the farmers are going back to stocking 
and it will stabilize. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Okay, this is about the margin. But, what about the revenue front? I mean, with all 
the headwinds you have, what kind of revenue you are expecting for medium term, 
given the market conditions? 
 
12
12

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
See, the revenues will be the same as last year maybe there won't be much increase. 
The revenue maybe around 5% or 10% more or similar as last year because seeing the 
entire world situation we cannot expect much jump in the revenues. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Here I am asking you about overall revenue. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Yes, overall revenue. Yes. 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
Yes, most of our customers are a longstanding customer and they have tie ups, they 
are in the US long time, so we are able to cater to them. They are more consistent 
buyers So, as far as their demand for the product or say exports for the company is 
concerned, we do not foresee any big headwinds in the export market as far as the 
company is concerned. 
 
 
 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Yes. But my question was regarding a little bit long term, around two to three years, 
what kind of revenue you are expecting given all the headwinds you have? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
The company is working on increasing the revenues. That’s why we are expanding the 
production capacities and also going in for the value-added products and we have to 
see the market, situations and other situation. 
 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
 
Yes, just to add in on the long-term for two-three years, we are adding an additional 
capacity to produce more value-added products. And once we do that, these kind of 
value-added products require high pre-processing activity, because a lot of the 
preparation is being done in-house so the consumer can consume the product without 
13
13

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
much preparation on their side. So, that's the reason there why we're expanding the 
pre-processing capacity. So, on two-three years horizon we have already started taking 
in new product orders. We have already started shipping out some of these orders that 
the market needs to develop for these orders, and we need to develop the recognition 
in the market for these kinds of products. 
 
The trial orders have already started going out. So, for two-three years horizon, when 
it becomes fully commercialized, it would provide higher revenues in this segment. 
We’ve started two to three categories of value-added products which need to get into 
full commercialization. Once they do, we can expect a higher level of realization from 
the current level and also an increase in revenue. But the quantity could not increase 
as much the volume because we’re producing high-value products, so the quantity 
might not increase as much, but the value will increase. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
With the additional capacities commencing very recently, what kind of asset ton you're 
expecting on them? Asset turnover ratio. How much your revenue could increase 
because of those additional facilities coming in? 
 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
 
It's very hard to put a number to it right now because like I was saying it's a step-by-
step process, it’s a new product that we're introducing into the market. So, we need to 
gain recognition for producing such kinds of products. So, I wouldn't put a number to 
it right now. But I would say as for the strategy is to diversify our product portfolio to 
enable higher margins and revenue. So, right now, I can't put a number because we 
are in very early stage of even the construction. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Okay, that's for processing. But as far as this feed is concerned, your capacities have 
gone up, right? You have recently increased your capacities. So, on that also how 
much revenue you can produce with those increased capacities? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
We have increased the capacity to 1,75,000 tonnnes because of the product mix. And 
now what has happened, see, we have to upgrade the technologies what is required by 
the customer. So, we are gearing up to that, and definitely last year in 2022 we could 
not supply to our customers because we didn't have capacity. So, we have increased 
14
14

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
the capacity, and also due to the product mix, what the product mix what we are 
trying doing in the market to the current requirement of the customer, say, we are 
gear up for all the products what is required for the shrimp culture. 
 
In fact, say for example, earlier we used to supply the starter feed in a crumble form. 
Now, we are doing it in a pellet form. So, the productivity will come down, but the 
growth of the shrimp will be much better with the good FCINR There's a little bit 
apprehension by the farmers which they're coming out. So, as on the shrimp culture 
increases we can increase our revenues. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
So, at full capacity utilization, how much more revenue you can generate with 
additional capacity? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
At full capacity we can generate around, I think, 25% more. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Sorry, I missed the number. I missed the number which you talked about. Can you 
please repeat? 
 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
25% more on this. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Okay. Another question which keeps coming back to the management for last say two-
three years is the utilization of cash and there have been plans about entering into 
new segments which haven't fructify. You haven't been utilizing cash. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
Yes, Mr. Kulkarni, we have expanded with our own generation and we require the 
funds for the working capital. Working capital requirement in this industry is very 
high. 
Moderator 
15
15

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Sorry for interrupting you, sir. I request the participants to restrict with two questions 
in the initial round and join back the queue for more questions. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Yes, I will join back the queue, but let the management answer the current question at 
least. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
The capacity increase and the markets what we are planning to expand into the new 
segments which requires a lot of study because of the COVID reason or different 
market position we have to go carefully. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Plans are still on, you mean? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Yes, plans are still on. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
And how much progress has been made about that? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Please understand, we have to go cautiously. We have to see the market and we have 
to supply what is required by the market and when we're diversifying into other 
products we need to be very careful and we need to work on success. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Yes, sir, that’s what I’m asking. At what level you are in terms of that. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
We are almost, say, once the markets are right we can start the production and supply 
within six months. 
 
16
16

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Okay. All right. Thank you. I will come back in the queue. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Vishwanath Shettigar, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Vishwanath Shettigar 
 
Hello, my first question is that, the shrimp processing segment contribute somewhere 
around 2-2.5% of the total revenue. So, in terms of percentage, what do you feel that 
their processing segment would contribute say five years down the line? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
No, it’s not 2-2.5%, sir. We are almost 20% on the revenue. 
 
Vishwanath Shettigar 
 
It's 20% of the revenue? 
 
 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Yes. 
 
Vishwanath Shettigar 
 
Second thing, as far as the pricing pressure is concerned with regard to increasing 
shrimp feed price. Like you, other players are also having similar issues that you 
cannot raise the price. Do you feel that when the price of raw material goes down, 
there will be pressure again from Government that you need to reduce the price? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
So, definitely, we have to see the market, we have to see the customers and your 
competitor. First, you have to see the customer and the competitor. We have to 
17
17

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
carefully see the pricing so that the customer is comfortable and we are able to market 
our products. We have competition and we have to see the one way because the 
Government also tries to interfere because it’s more of a agriculture nation and more 
of a political popular schemes. So, we have to carefully handle all those things. 
Vishwanath Shettigar 
 
Okay. And last question is with regard to falling ROE and ROCE, right. If you look at 
the company's ROE and ROCE, it is very low, below 10, right. So, we need to work 
something around on that thing, because it's basically below cost of capital right now. 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
Yes, because as we explain it to you, the activity what you say ROE depend on the 
revenues that we get and the expenditure and net profit that PBT and this one. So, 
one is, automatically once they improve, it also improves. So, I think we have to bear 
with this. Unless you have better opportunities we cannot go for any investment to get 
a better ROI and ROC. 
 
Vishwanath Shettigar 
 
So, what is the management viewpoint with regard to long-term ROE, where they want 
to be, say, 5 years or 10 years down the line? 
 
 
 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
If you take in the segment of the shrimp processing, we are working out on the higher 
value addition and addition products, and where we are adding value to the products. 
And we get higher yield margins. And in the shrimp feed we are also trying to bring the 
working out, a lot of research is being done to reduce the cost of production, how it 
comes though, and improve the FCR. 
 
Vishwanath Shettigar 
 
Okay. The last question with regards to hatcheries. I have seen that you have started 
with the hatchery. So, what's the way forward on that, sir? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
18
18

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Yes, the hatchery business we’ve started this to provide the shrimp farmer of best 
quality, good quality feeds. And our hatchery capacity is not compared to the industry 
standards. So, we have just started it and we have started by the time we got 
permission and all these things it took long time. The hatchery business would be 
around; we can scale it up to 1 billion capacities, which way the revenue would be 
around approximately around INR 30 crores. 
 
Vishwanath Shettigar 
 
Okay. Yes, that’s it. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. I request the participant to restrict with two questions in the initial 
round and join back the queue for more questions. The next question comes from 
Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Rahil Shah 
 
My questions have kind of been answered on the guidance for the next year. So, thank 
you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Jasdeep Walia from Clockvine. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Jasdeep Walia 
 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. Sir, we understand there's a demand with you on 
account of high inventory in US. But let's say if the demand were to come back. Are 
there any issues with the shrimp production in India? For example, we have been 
hearing that there's a lot of disease issue with the shrimp, on account of which the 
farmers have not been able to scale up production even if they want. So, just wanted 
your comments on that. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Please come back again. Your voice is not clear and please speak slowly because we 
could not understand your question. 
 
 
19
19

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Jasdeep Walia 
 
Sure, sir. Sir, I understand that there's a demand issue right now on account of high 
inventories in US, but let's say the demand were to come back. Are there any other 
issues in India with the concerning production? For example, we have been hearing 
that there is a lot of disease issue in India on account of which farmers may not be 
able to scale up production, let's say if the demand were to come back.  
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
No, that is not right. If the demand is there and the price is there, India can scale up 
production. 
 
Jasdeep Walia 
 
Got it, sir. So, there is no broader issue with regard to disease, controlling disease. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Disease is there, but the disease management also is there. 
 
Jasdeep Walia 
 
Got it. Thanks a lot, sir. That’s all. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Ronav Shah from Equitas. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my questions are regarding two things. First 
is, what is the current capacity utilization of our existing feed and processing plant, 
sir? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Feed plant, we were utilizing around 98%. And now with the expanded capacity, 
because just now the season has started we are around 80 %. As you talked about 
20
20

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
today, the season has just started. Stocking has just started. We are working on an 
80% capacity and with days pass by the stocking happen much more, we may touch 
around 90-95%. 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Okay, sir. And for processing? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
And the processing, we are operating at around 60-65% because we are concentrating 
more on value-added products. The capacity is there, but doing value addition is 
much more human intervention. 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Okay. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Yes, because of the capacity, because if customers wants human, like the process is 
either you can do by machine or by hand. They want handmade. So, the capacity 
would not be, we cannot touch 90% or something because it is manual, human factor 
is there. If it is a bulk, let’s say if it is a commodity side we can touch around 80-90%. 
But it is a value addition we are able to do around 60-65%. 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Okay, sir, got it. And sir, in terms of processing division, what is the benefit in terms 
of if we are saying that we are focusing on the value-added products. How it benefits 
in terms of the realization? So, what is the incremental realization which we can get 
from the value-added products? And what is the current proportion of the value-added 
products in the processing from exports, sir? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Nikhilesh, are you answering? 
 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
 
Could you repeat, sir, please? 
21
21

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Yes, sir. So, what is the current proportion of the value-added products in our exports 
and processing division? And the second is, what is the incremental realization which 
we can get from the value-added products from the normal exports? 
 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
 
Muthyam could you give the breakup of what is the percentage of value-added 
exports? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
It is around 24-25% of the value-added. 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Okay. 
 
Alluri Nikhilesh 
 
So, out of the total exports, about 25% is value-added. On a regular day today with 
facing kind of price pressure, but it should develop. I think we've reached the bottom 
of the pricing pressure and it should start increasing from now. We can expect double-
digit margin on the value-added products and commodity high-single digit margin. 
 
A.Indra Kumar 
 
For you to understand a little bit more, earlier what we were doing value-added has 
become a commodity now. Say, PDGO and PD or butterfly and all, earlier they were 
valued-added, now they have become commodity and we have gone on to higher 
products like cooked range and all these things, now they are called value-added. So, 
we are taking the newest products as value addition. In shrimp exports there are 
different things, headless shell-on is a commodity product. And further value-added, 
re-wheeling and de-shelling and all these things are supposed to be value-added. Now, 
we are not taking as value-added products further. We are taking higher products like 
a cook products or stewers or different as a value-added. 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
22
22

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Okay. Got it, sir. And last question from my end. Sir, USFDA case at that time we have 
created some provision and at that time there was incremental 80 million of provision. 
So, are we expecting any reversal of that in upcoming quarters? 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
Can you please come back?  Can you repeat the question? 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Yes, sir. So, in earlier quarters for the USFDA issue we have created some provision in 
the books of accounts and at that time we have on safer side created around 80 
million of incremental provision. So, are we expecting any reversal of the same in 
upcoming quarters? 
  
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
Not exactly reversal means. What we are doing is, depending upon the claims received 
from time-to-time; during a particular quarter we are making the provision. So, that 
particular quarter if you have any additional claims, we make a provision for that. And 
when the claims are settled, we take that as the expenditure from the provision. So, 
what we'll do, now, it has almost come to the zero level now, from which we may not 
be much hear after.  
 
So, what we are intending to do is by 31st March we will close all claims that have 
been received so far, and how much settlement is there whatever it is, if there is an 
excess provision, it will be written back or if it is a shortfall we’ll provide further and 
close it. By 31st March, we should be able to get the total liability which we have 
incurred on or account of the recall, that we'll be able to do it by end of this year. But 
we do not foresee any increase hereafter. Almost all the claims we hope that has been 
received already. 
 
Ronav Shah 
 
Okay, got it. Got it, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Please go ahead. 
 
23
23

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Namaste Sir, if you could explain to us, firstly the seasonality factor in the business. 
How does the seasonality factor take the place? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Sir, in Shrimp culture, if you take a calendar year, Shrimp farmer starts stocking after 
Pongal or Sankranti, because shrimp culture in the cold climate, the metabolism of 
shrimp doesn’t work. So, actually it is a seasonal. After Pongal, after January 15th or 
16th they will prepare the ponds and after 20th of January some people will gradually 
they stock. That goes on up to March, 10th of March. Because the temperature, higher 
the temperature it is good for the shrimp. 
 
The first crop gets over, the people who stock in January they harvest in April, like 
that it goes on. The first crop gets over by June. And the second crop starts by again 
June, because people who harvested in May they stock in June. There are two crops. 
One is from January to April or depending on the stockings. Second crop is from 
June-July to September-October, this is the pattern of the shrimp culture. Hope your 
question is answered. 
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Yes, sir. Sir, in your opening remarks you did mention about the vagaries of the raw 
material prices also, this feed prices and then other than the fish meal price. So, if you 
could give us some more color of what constitutes the raw material? 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
Raw material is fish meal, soya, soya meal, wheat flour and we have different almost 
20-21 varieties of raw materials, so minute and major. The major are fish meal, soya 
meal and wheat flour. 
 
Saket Kapoor 
 
Sir, when we take this fishmeal as a major consequent, why have we not looked at 
backward integration in terms of developing our own fish meals and therefore, 
removing the element of vagaries. I think that other players in the same segment are 
coming up with this idea then they're also into the trading aspect into it. So, what is 
our thought in terms of fishmeal? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
24
24

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Fishmeal is done from the marine fish which is available on the west coast of India. 
The fishmeal companies are majorly specialized in that product. We cannot do 
everything. Fishmeal business itself is big activity which deals with the fishermen 
community, and a lot of concentration and a lot of this thing is required. They are 
specialized. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we are taking two 
questions per participant. We have a follow up question from Onkar Kulkarni from Sri 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Sir, if you recall 8-10 years back there was a Vannamei shrimp which were introduced 
and that was a game changer for Avanti as well as for the overall industry. I mean, any 
such opportunity arising in the future or that was just a one off? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
See, there's lots of research and a lot of innovation is going on. Say, today Vannamei, 
earlier our native species Black Tiger. So, the Black Tiger there was a wild seed which 
was used earlier. Now, SPF seed for Black Tiger is being produced. So, the Black Tiger 
is also coming back into the picture, not with Vannamei, because Vannamei has been 
successful because of the specific pathogen free. Pathogen free Vannamei was 
available; the success rate was very high. Now, the specific pathogen free Black Tiger 
seed is also being available, because the technology we’ve developed the seed and now 
it is available and some farmers who are going for that also. And there are lot of work 
has been done for blue shrimp and different types of shrimp that have to come into 
the commercial viability. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Okay. But there is no immediate or like say within a year there is nothing which is 
happening or on the cart? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
25
25

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Lot of work is going, sir, which I cannot or anybody cannot tell which is coming 
tomorrow or within one year. But Black Tiger SPF is coming. SPF seed is available. It 
is coming, already people have started stocking SPF for Black Tiger seed. It took 
almost 10 years for them to develop it. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Okay. Can you just let me know what was the cash in the Company's balance sheet, 
as of 31st December? 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
Yes, we have about INR 1,100 crores. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
Okay. And you said majority of that you require for the working capital. May I know 
how much percentage of that is required generally like every year? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
See, as we answered earlier, this is a seasonal business. In the peak season we will be 
requiring around INR 700-800 crores. 
 
Onkar Kulkarni 
 
INR 700-800 crore? 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
INR 700-800 crores or sometimes INR 900 crores because the availability of the raw 
material, we have to book the raw materials, seeing the prices and all these things. 
These things we have to look and keep the stock and keep depending on it. Availability 
of fishmeal or availability of soya, they are seasonal. We have to cover those and before 
the prices go up, we have to buy it. All these things are there. 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
May I add some something what CMD said, that by using these funds, we are in a 
much-much better advantageous position compared to going for a bank borrowing. 
See, because, so, one thing is that we are able to pay our raw material suppliers 
26
26

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
immediately within three to four days of receiving the product and quality control is 
cleared. So, this has given us a lot of advantage in price trends to bargain for good 
price that is one advantage we are getting. Similarly, if we're in the season, what 
happens is apart from the raw materials required, but for example, now, January, 
February, March, the year-end what we do is we credit these discounts to our dealers.  
 
So, the cash rotation is less in these two-three months, when we use these funds for 
all our raw materials. 
 
So then, we procured the raw materials by paying from these funds. So, if you 
compare, really speaking, if you look at the returns today, because of the FD rates 
have gone up and the same time the borrowing cost has also gone up. If you are to use 
this it will be a disadvantage if you borrow funds. So, we use the same funds for these 
working capital requirements. This in fact, is an advantage to the company and the 
shareholders also. We were able to maintain the cost particularly interest costs, much 
lower almost negligible. So, this entire amount, it depends upon throughout the year, 
maybe a couple of months you may have some surplus, but it does not mean that we 
have got lot of cash surplus for a longer period. It was a short period, in almost nine-
months in a year we required these funds. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
It is a rotation; I think it’s a very seasonal item when the crop of soya comes we keep 
purchasing and all these things. So, the money is used mostly for the working capital 
here. 
 
 
C. Ramachandra Rao 
 
In September – October you get Fishmeal. In March-April you get wheat flour. If 
sometime there is fishing brand fishmeal at the time every year they will have their 
own calendar. We have to manage the funds to keep the stocks. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. That will be last question for the day. Ladies and gentlemen, we would 
like to come to the end of this conference. Thank you for your participation. You may 
disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good day everyone. 
 
A. Indra Kumar 
 
27
27

Transcript – Avanti Feeds Ltd Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Thank you. 
 
 
Notes:           
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
28
28
