 
ACC Limited 
Registered Ofﬁce: 
Cement House 
121, Maharshi Karve Road 
Mumbai–400020 
Maharashtra, India 
Ph +91 22-4159 3321 
www.acclimited.com 
 
CIN: L26940MH1936PLC002515 
 
 
 
No. ACC/ Sec./SE/23/May 12, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange  
of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: ACC 
 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relations 
Department 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500410 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call on the Audited Financial Results for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call on the 
Audited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2023. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: 
 
https://www.acclimited.com/newsite/pdf/ICICISec-AmbujaCements-02May-2023-839.pdf  
 
This is for your information and dissemination on your website. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For ACC Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Bahety 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
Digitally signed by VINOD MOHANLAL BAHETY 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=F347333C257EAA7C3EC9AC940C69FD573D11F734, 
2.5.4.20=9fe70d1ceb46377598fa55aee23fd76a3f1b33b04bf1653a1d1d82
67000cfdc2, postalCode=400601, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=CF4EF6747E00F969493B6AB18E88836992C7DDA6EC1B18
0D097C4BB5FAEEC8CF, cn=VINOD MOHANLAL BAHETY

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 02, 2023 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY KAPUR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
AMBUJA CEMENTS & ACC LIMITED 
 
MR. VINOD BAHETY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AMBUJA CEMENTS & ACC LIMITED 
 
MR. CHARANJIT SINGH – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– AMBUJA CEMENTS & ACC LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN SAHADEO – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ambuja Cement and ACC Limited FY23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Sahadeo from ICICI 
Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the FY23 Earnings 
Call of Ambuja Cement and ACC Limited. From the management, we have with us CEO Mr. 
Ajay Kapur, CFO Mr. Vinod Bahety, and Head Investor Relations Mr. Charanjit Singh. So 
without any further ado, I hand over the call to Mr. Charanjit Singh for his opening comments. 
Over to you, Mr. Singh. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Thank you, Naveen. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for taking out the time to join our 
FY23 full-year results call. As you very well know, this is our second results call after the change 
in ownership. And much like the previous call, we'll focus on the performance of Adani cement 
business, particularly Ambuja and ACC. Hoping that you have downloaded a copy of the results 
presentation that has been released an hour back, some of the slides from that deck will be 
referred during the briefing session, which in next few minutes. For any queries and questions 
relating to promoters or another company of the Adani group, you can separately reach out to 
me and I'll schedule a call with the group CFO or with the family office, as may be required. So 
with this, I will now hand over to Mr. Ajay Kapur for his comments regarding the performance 
of the two companies. Over to you, Ajay. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Thank you, Charanjit. Warm greetings to everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the 
operational and financial performance of the cement business of Adani group, namely Ambuja 
Cements and ACC Cements, for the quarter ended March 23. This is the second quarter post the 
change in management, and we are happy to share that the efforts taken to improve the overall 
performance of our business have started to yield results. It has been another exciting quarter to 
see our progress on various initiatives, such as operational efficiencies, synergy and business 
excellence, which have resulted into substantial improvement in business parameters. 
Last quarter, we set out on a challenge to redefine the supply chain and logistics for our business. 
We are happy that we reached a positive outcome in the state of Himachal Pradesh to address 
the logistic challenge faced by our company. Through perseverance, hard work and steadfast 
commitment to our values, we have emerged stronger than ever before. Let me provide some 
highlights of this quarter and some insights on the way forward. Starting with the revenue, the 
revenue for the quarter came in at INR7,966 crores, up 1% quarter on quarter. 
The growth in revenue is despite the adverse impact on volumes from halting of operations at 
our HP plants for both Ambuja and ACC for 50 days in the current quarter, and also a small 
breakdown which we suffered in one of our grinding units in eastern region. The share of blended 
cements has increased to 92% versus 91% quarter on quarter and a share of premium products 
as a percentage to trade sales and volume is maintained at 22%. Now coming on the cost, 
operating cost of the quarter is INR4,764 per ton, which is 5% lower quarter on quarter. This is 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
attributable to 18% decline quarter on quarter in power and fuel cost, mainly driven by the kiln 
fuel basket, where the reduction is 10%, from INR2.45 per 1,000 kcal to INR2.21 per 1,000 kcal. 
The share of direct sales has increased from 50% in the quarter to 54% in the current quarter. 
The rail coefficient increased from 26% to 30% Q-o-Q. Other expenses is at INR702 per ton, 
which is 8% lower quarter on quarter on account of resource optimization. With the mentioned 
improvements on both revenue and cost, EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR1,523 crores, 
which is a jump of 34% quarter on quarter.  
EBITDA per ton for the quarter was INR1,079, implying a jump of 30%. EBITDA margin too 
expanded by 470 bps to 19.1%. The total fund flow from operations during the quarter was 
INR1,571 crores, which was negative 627 crores last quarter, basically implying an increase of 
2,198 crores quarter on quarter. Working capital remains the key focus, and there has been an 
improvement in the working capital management during the quarter. 
And the working capital turnover has improved by eight days. On 31st March, the consolidated 
cash and cash equivalent in the company's book is INR11,530 crores, which is an increase of 
INR2,076 crores quarter on quarter. Talking about the ESG highlights for the quarter, we 
expanded our green portfolio by launching two new products in our ReadyMix portfolio, ACC 
Aeromax and ACC CoolClean, in addition to ACC EcoMax that was launched in the previous 
quarter. Now coming to standalone results for Ambuja Cements, we recorded substantial jump 
in sequential EBITDA by 35% at INR962 crores, net revenue sequentially up by 3% and up by 
8% Y-o-Y at INR4,256 crores, in line with the volume growth of 8% Y-o-Y. Robust sequential 
PAT growth by 36% and Y-o-Y growth of 2% to INR502 crores. EBITDA sequentially rose by 
35% and grew 17% Y-o-Y at 962 crores, as already mentioned. 
And sequentially EBITDA margin has expanded from 17.3% to 22.6%. Treasury grain has 
improved by 25 crores quarter on quarter on account of efficient treasury management. With this 
stellar performance and considering our growth plan, board has recommended dividend of 
INR2.50 per share, which is 125%. Ambuja and ACC together are symbiotic with strength, 
meeting legacy. And with a strong capex program under the Adani group, we will position the 
business as a strong force to reckon with.  
Moving to a long-term strategy, for which you can also refer to our March 23 presentation 
uploaded both on company and exchange website. Many of you would be aware, but I'm just 
repeating the strategy because it's very critical. It has three levers, doubling the plant capacity, 
number two, reduction in operating cost to become lowest cost player in the industry, and 
number three, enhancing our branding and marketing strategy. First, talking about capacity 
expansion, we are targeting doubling of capacity in five years to 140 million tons from 70 million 
currently. This will require about 40 million additional clinker capacity. 
We already provided a plan of 12 million capacity in our March strategy presentation, which is 
spread across seven locations. For this new capacity addition, we are following a cookie-cutter 
approach, with most of the clinker lines having capacity of around 4 million tons, and grinding 
facilities of around 2 million tons. We have shortlisted a set of equivalent suppliers to whom the 
orders will be placed on an ongoing basis. We also revisited our EPC strategy to EPNC, because 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
we realized that by breaking in parts, we will end up having more savings and that will also be 
recalibrated in our strategy of expansion going forward. Now, the pillar, the second pillar on the 
cost reduction, we are targeting cost reduction of about 300 to 400 rupees per ton from these 
broad categories, which essentially will have energy cost, freight and forwarding cost, and other 
costs. 
For the energy cost, we are taking following actions. We're going to increase the waste heat 
capacity from 70 megawatts currently to 175 megawatts by quarter 2 FY25. Increase the share 
of AFR from 8.8% to 30% over a mid-term, with a target of 15% by the end of the current fiscal 
year. RE capacity addition of 200 megawatts is being targeted by FY24 end. Long-term tie-ups 
for domestic coal suppliers.  
Currently, we have a captive coal mine, Garepalma, having a capacity of 1.2 million tons per 
annum. We have won the bid for the coal mine, Dahegaon, Gavri, having a capacity of 2 million 
tons. These two mines together get roughly about 50% of our current demand of kiln coal, 
especially. Initiatives on waste heat recovery system, alternate fuels and raw materials and RE 
capacity addition will substitute 30% of our current coal requirement. However, given our 
expansion plans, we are targeting some more mines and long-term coal supply arrangements. 
Other focus area for cost reduction is fly ash sourcing. 
For current requirement of around 14 million, we are considering long-term supply arrangements 
for power plants, including the Adani power plants. These initiatives on cost reduction and 
energy coupled with the long-term tie-up of fly ash would result in a part-time cost reduction of 
around 250. The second set of focus on cost is freight and forwarding. Here we have three focus 
areas. First is to reduce the lead distance. Second, optimize the warehouse between ACC and 
Ambuja. And third is rail and road mix optimization. On top, we are also going to expand 
capacity. And most of the grinding will go through grinding units. So with doubling of the count 
of grinding facilities from current 30 to 70, we are targeting for average lead distance of around 
150 kilometers. 
Since the time of takeover, we have managed to reduce the road lead distance from 177 to 173 
for Ambuja, and 165 to 161 for ACC. For warehouse optimization, we are targeting increasing 
the share of direct dispatch from the grinding units. For our current operations, we have managed 
to reduce our warehouse count from 943 to 670 and increase the volume share of direct 
dispatches from 50% to 54%. With support from Adani Logistics, we are doing not only our 
own railroad strategy, but also exploring sea transportation options. 
We have already taken strides in this direction by ordering 10 rigs, first of which has already 
come in. These rigs will also enable safe and cost-effective transportation of clinker and fly ash 
from the power plant. These optimizations are expected to yield a cost reduction of around 
rupees 100 per ton. Now the third pillar on the cost reduction is other costs. The cement business 
is being run as a single entity with a single executive team, unlike previously where there were 
two separate businesses with each having its own set of people across functions. For example, a 
lot of work is being done on streamlining the employee hierarchy under the new operating 
model. Removing road redundancies between ACC and Ambuja, company now has a common 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
regional head between Ambuja and ACC, who are incentivized to push overall volumes, reduce 
cost, and also optimize logistics. 
Additionally, the de-bottlenecking initiatives would also enable unlocking potential for our 
existing infrastructure. This, I believe, will give us additional rupees 50 per ton. Now coming on 
the third lever, which is the sales and marketing, our product portfolio continues to remain strong 
on the back of legacy brands, along with premium products in our core markets. While ACC has 
pioneered product development, Ambuja has pioneered brand building and technical services. 
Our strategy to increase the sales has four key aspects.  
Number one, redefining catchment areas for market reach. We have identified 10 growth states 
to focus, where we aim to do either be number one or number two in the segment. Increasing 
the share of B2B segments overall from current 21% to 25% by FY27. This segment is growing 
at a faster rate than the trade segment. Increase in share of premium products from current 22% 
to high 29%, 30%, and maintain the leadership in individual home buyer segment. 
These initiatives would enable us to move more than double our top line from around 31,000 
crores to around 70,000 crores, while EBITDA will move up, will more than triple to 17,500 
crores, with the expansion of EBITDA margin to 25% from the current average of 19% over the 
last three years. Let me conclude by saying that our performance during the quarter was strong, 
with clear quarter on quarter improvement in both operational as well as financial parameters. 
We continue to generate significant cash to finance our expansion and pay dividends to our 
shareholders. I thank you for cementing your bond with us, which reinforces us with Virat 
Comprehensive Strength. Thank you. 
Charanjit Singh:  
Let me just now hand over to Mr. Vinod Bahety for his comments. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, thank you, Charanjit. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. While Ajay has in detail covered 
the performance highlight, I will cover briefly the overview of the business, which we have 
highlighted in the presentation which we have uploaded. The first few slides are about the group, 
so I will quickly move on that, and I will straightaway come on the cement overview, slide 
number eight. As we have highlighted, the key pillars of our cement business is focus on cost, 
grow the capacities, grow market leadership, with utmost focus on ESG. 
So we have a well-articulated ESG plan, 2030, and as you would go through the presentation, 
we are substantially achieving the target, and we are confident we will be achieving well on 
time. A notable area to highlight is about the water positivity, which we already have 
substantially progressed over there. 
Slide number nine. In terms of diversification, we are very well geographically diversified 
business with pan-India operations, covering almost 70% plus of India. Slide number 10. We 
have two strong iconic brands, Ambuja resembling strength, and ACC resembling legacy. This 
helps us in higher direct customer business, which we are at 80% as compared to industry, which 
is at 65%, so we are market leader in terms of direct customer business. On slide number 12, I 
am at, we are regaining our financial strength, our EBITDA improvement quarter-on-quarter, 
and the profitability. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Our network stands at INR38,757 crores, and we remain a zero-debt company. We hold cash 
and cash equivalent of INR11,530 crores, which is up, as compared to in December, I reported 
to you, INR9,454 crores. In terms of slide number 14, I am at the ESG performance. I have 
presented to you the various indicators, and we are well on the path, and we will achieve much 
ahead of time. On slide number 14, some of the various KPIs for the ESG are indicated. Then I 
come to slide number 16 on the governance framework. We have a robust governance 
framework. If you see, some of the important committees, like audit committee, the NRC, the 
CRC, the public consumer committee, they all comprise of 100% of independent directors. 
On this, I will rest myself. Detailed presentation is available with you, which covers much more 
insight of the business. Thank you. Now we open the floor. 
Charanjit Singh:  
Yes, we can now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Shyam Sundar Sriram from Franklin 
Templeton. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: 
Yes, hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Very good operating performance at 
Ambuja. My question is largely, if you look at ACC and Ambuja on Ambuja standalone, we see 
a lot of divergence in terms of the operating performance. Firstly, if you look at the realization 
on a per ton basis, ACC realization seems to have declined 3% sequentially, whereas Ambuja 
decline is much more muted there? 
And second point on the EBITDA per ton improvement, in Ambuja standalone, if you look at 
it, it is quite healthy at INR265 per ton as per the presentation, whereas in ACC it is about 
INR150 per ton. Now what explains the gap in terms of this EBITDA improvement between 
ACC and Ambuja? And lastly, when we talk of an F’24 EBITDA per ton being 1,200 to 1,400, 
we see there is a 500 rupees per ton gap between ACC and Ambuja as of this quarter. Will this 
gap continue to prevail as we go into F’24 as well? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So, Shyam, thank you. Good question. Traditionally, ACC-Ambuja had a gap of 3% to 4% on 
EBITDA. Our endeavor is to, going forward, improve both the companies. The guidance that 
we have given is for a console basis, both Ambuja-ACC taken together as a cement business, 
basically Ambuja console at 1,200 to 1,400, the guidance. That can only happen when ACC also 
goes up. As you know, in this quarter, we also had a shutdown of Gagal in ACC in Darlaghat, 
which was a very important plant for ACC's northern operations. And that plant remained shut, 
whereas Ambuja still has a big presence in north through its Rajasthan plants. 
So while endeavor was made to shift as much as we could from Rajasthan into Punjab, I guess 
that's where ACC suffered. And also then it's a geo-mix issue sometimes. Other than that, there 
are no major, you know, concerns structurally between the two companies. The waste-treat 
recovery programs are equally being driven in both the companies. The alternate fuel initiatives 
are equally driven in both the companies. The sales and market optimization issues are also 
driven in both the companies. It's basically the plant shutdown of our northern plants. That's the 
key factor. Sure. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: 
Understood, sir. Thanks for that clarification. The other point is just a bookkeeping question. On 
the balance sheet, we see the other financial assets substantially has increased from the 
December balance sheet. So is this largely bank fixed deposits or any other inter-corporate 
deposits per se? If you can please help us understand that. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Sure, Vinod will take it. 
Vinod Bahety: 
So Shyam, this is, you're right, absolutely. In the accounting treatment on the balance sheet 
classification, any FD which is more than one year, that falls under the bracket of other financial 
assets. The FD which is less than 90 days, that comes under the current assets. And the FD which 
is between 90 to 365 days, that falls under non-current assets. So these are like more of the 
classification on the balance sheet, but absolutely you're right. The other financial asset is 
essentially the fixed deposit, which is more than one year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Sriram. May we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up 
questions. We'll take the next question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is overall, if you look at EBITDA to 
operating cash flow conversion, it's deteriorated very significantly to almost 60% in the last 15 
months, versus almost 75%, 80% in FY’21, and over 90% over the last five years on an average. 
So is there any one-off here, or I mean, what would you guide for this going forward? 
Vinod Bahety: 
So in terms of EBITDA to operating cash conversion, we have an estimate of almost 50%. 
Balance 50% goes in terms of our capex program, as well as the tax liabilities. But in terms of 
cash accruals, it will generate almost 50% of that. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir in terms of capex in the last 15 months, has there been any reclassification? Because the data, 
I mean, say for standalone Ambuja, we have seen around INR2,100 crores of capex, versus the 
December balance sheet, which it was shared, it was around INR2,600 crores. So has there been 
any reclassification of the cash flow, if you could clarify that? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So basically, what we have also done is, yes, it's a good question. I also mentioned in the opening, 
as we are now embarking on a road journey, which is also mentioned in our roadmap for 
expansion, loaded on the website in March. We have decided to not go EPC route, but we want 
to go separate the E, P, and C elements. We have finalized most of the contracts now. 
So some contracts were canceled, which we thought were on EPC basis, and working on 
separately on services and equipment and civil. That is giving us a much better saving and when 
we did the entire cookie cutter approach, as I mentioned. So we are actually recasting it 
downwards from maybe earlier $85, $90 per ton, to now lower of $80 per ton. So that's the 
reason you see some contracts canceled. And as we go into the new growth phase. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Nevatia. May we request that you return to the question key for follow up 
questions. Next question is from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. Please go ahead. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. First, continuing on Shyam's question on dividing within ACC 
and Ambuja, you have highlighted INR7,000 crores of capex, 11 million tons of clinker and 15 
million tons of cement. So how do we divide it between the two companies, given that both of 
them are listed entities? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So if you can see, I think, in our growth map, which is on the side, and I'm actually referring to 
Slide 32 of the deck also which has been loaded. You find on one hand, we have clinker 
expansion lines. So we have a brownfield coming at Bhatapara. This is Ambuja, and there's also 
brownfield coming in Chandrapur, which is also Ambuja. Ametha, which is an ongoing one, 3.3 
is ACC greenfield, which is getting commissioned now, as I talked to you in this quarter, actually 
beginning of quarter two. 
On the left-hand side are the associated grinding stations so Sankrail the existing Ambuja side. 
Kharagpur is ACC site. Hoshiyarpur is a new site in north. Bhatinda is an existing Ambuja site, 
Farakka is an existing Ambuja site. Mirzapur is a new site. On the right-hand side, waste heat 
recovery, this is all broken up plant by plant. 
So 75.6 is what we are spending, but it is more or less 50-50 between ACC and Ambuja. All the 
other projects, green power, for example, 200 megawatts, 100 will come in ACC, 100 will come 
in Ambuja. Cooler upgradation and all other initiatives on the ongoing capexs, which I think is 
a large part of this program because this ongoing program is more or less split 50-50. 
On expansion, currently the new kilns are in Ambuja because that's where the limestone priority 
in terms also of starting and kicking off for permits availability. But going forward, you'll find 
investments in both the companies, depending upon where we have the right limestone, where 
we have the right readiness to go to the market. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure, thank you. My second question is on freight cost at Ambuja standalone, which has 
increased quarter-over-quarter. So if you can highlight how much was per ton kilometer cost 
and what has led to this increase? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So I can take a per ton offline separately, maybe Charanjit has taken a note, he will come back 
to you. But I'll give you basically what the reason is, what I also mentioned, I think in the first 
question. Our 50 days shutdown in Himachal meant that we had to still serve the markets while 
we lost some volume, and that's also reflected in the volume opening comments, which I made. 
But we had to shift clinker from Rajasthan plants into our grinding stations in north. So that of 
course, added some cost. 
Had we not taken other initiatives, which I also mentioned in terms of going direct, percentage 
going up from 50 to 54, shutting down of the warehouses from 900 odd to 677. So and also 
increasing the railway coefficient. I think all that helped us to curtail a cost which otherwise 
could have gone very high. We had a small incident at our Farakka unit, grinding unit in eastern 
India, which was under shutdown for about 15 to 20 days. 
Also during that time, we had to cover that market from a little farther distance. I think those are 
the reasons you find that INR30 crores, INR40 crores, I believe, if it's not, I think that's the 
number it is, increase in the cost for Ambuja standalone. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Indrajit Agarwal:  
Sure, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. First on the near-term capex trajectory that you've outlined, I 
think you mentioned Chandrapur would be Ambuja. This is not Chandra Cement Works, which 
is ACC, I'm guessing this is Maratha Cement. So given you've had a lot of capacity coming up 
in Ambuja, are you counting on the exercise of warrants to be able to fund this capex at the 
Ambuja level in the next one or two years? And tied to that is, you have a lot of clinker coming 
up in West, but correspondingly, between Chandrapur and Mundra, correspondingly, we don't 
see a lot of GUs coming online in West in the near term. What is the thought process on that 
regional capacity expansion that you're looking at? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Thank you, Satyadeep. As I said, this is just what we have approved for the current financial 
year, but as I talked to you, we are on the drawing board. When you look at our mid-term five-
year plan, we have a plan of adding 40 million, which largely means 10 clinker lines of 4 million 
each. Right now, we have come out with two, one in both Brownfield, in East and one in West. 
I have not yet announced the grinding units for West. Very soon, I will come back with next set 
of announcements and you will hear that. But very much, groundwork and plan and sites have 
been identified. I also indicated we'll go up from 30 to 70 locations, so these all will form a part 
of that. At the moment, however, I would only stick to what we have approved and put out in 
the public space. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
So, you're counting on some exercise of warrants Ambuja to be able to sign in the near term. 
And when you look at the capacity expansion of 40 million tons, is it largely going to be 
Brownfield or maybe a 50-50 mix between Brownfield and East? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Okay, so to answer your question on, let's put warrants issue aside for a while. That's on top of 
whatever we do. If you refer to slide 33 of the presentation, today's presentation, and also, I think 
it's Slide 28 or 26 of the investor deck which had loaded in March. And I had done a roadshow 
meeting cross-section of investors. We have made it very clear there that our plan is to go from 
2,368 to 140 million. And we said that all this will entail a total investment of about INR46,000 
crores. We're starting on a cash balance of INR11,300 crores in our books. We have an ambition, 
a real ambition to be INR17,500 crores EBITDA generating company by FY28. 
If you did a math and what we also said that after putting this investments, we'll leave aside the 
sufficient cash for the distribution of dividend and also paying taxes. Now, whether everything 
will be Brownfield or whether we'll also have one or two Greenfield opportunities and or, I'm 
not getting into that zone, but of course, if there's any other acquisition opportunities this cash is 
part of that whole strategic roadmap. Now, this I planned without warrants, by the way. So this 
is purely on our internal accruals. 
Warrants is on top. But for that, I would not comment at the moment. I would comment purely 
what the business is generating. And I believe the business will generate robust cash on top of 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
what we're already starting off at 11,500. And we generate 46,000 over this period. So, I think 
that's what we need 46,000 crores to more or less give shape to this sort of an investment.  
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay, second question is on the RTTs. So, we see the transactions between ACC and Ambuja 
have increased significantly under the new ownership compared to the previous ownership. Are 
there any, and given we're also seeing some realization gap between ACC and Ambuja, is there, 
are there any particular markets where you're seeing, is it across the board that you're maybe 
seeing more MSA and new management compared to previous? Or is there any regional 
differences? And this is in the context of that, and widening of that realization gap also that we're 
seeing. And secondly, the RTTs between with other companies we've not seen increase to the 
extent maybe we would have expected. 
Has it been in line with your own expectations with the other entities, the other entities? Or do 
you see a more gradual ramp up in those RTTs as you look at utilizing the entire integrated asset 
base? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So, first question, RTT between ACC and Abuja, as you know, it's now getting into the maturity 
phase. It was started in the erstwhile wholesale management. It was one of the hot topics in most 
of our calls where we were asked, why are you guys not getting the full synergy benefits? So, I 
would say we have now taken it to a very advanced stage where all the synergies on working 
together as one management team, which I also mentioned in the opening, is already in place. 
Common procurement, and therefore whatever we buy, we buy together and get the volume and 
benefits of scale. 
Here we also use Adani adjacencies. It keeps showing in every quarter, you'll find our cost 
performance, procurement performance, procurement KPIs, and also adjacencies across the 
group helps us. And then third is, what we try to do is we have 35 locations. We optimize go-to-
market strategy. And we run it through a program. That program then gives out an output every 
month. And we are improving every day. I would say now we've almost reached a level where 
we've actually taken out a lot of juice between the two companies. Leaving that aside, yes, ACC 
performance needs to be further improved. And I can assure you in days ahead, you'll see that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Jain, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. 
We'll take the next question from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Yes, hi. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So, just firstly on coal advances, last quarter 
you had disclosed about 1,200 crores for ACC and 600 for Ambuja. What's the status as of now, 
and as of March end? 
Vinod Bahety: 
So Amit, yes, hi, thank you. Amit, the contract is performing well. As we speak, we have been 
getting deliveries from the coal trade. And I also want to highlight that this trade has actually 
helped us in terms of the overall reduction of the fuel costs, wherein when I look at the other 
comparisons, we have got the benefit of at least 2% to 5% extra for this quarter from this trade. 
The current outstanding is almost like 1,400 odd crores, which it will get completed in a couple 
of months' time, which we had informed to the investors in the last call as well. Essentially, this 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
trade has helped in the overall performance, as Ajay ji highlighted, on the overall fuel and power 
costs, which has come down substantially. 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay, okay, sure, thanks. And also on the capex plan, the Mundra 3.7MT is in the listed entity, 
or is it in the Adani unlisted cement business? 
Ajay Kapur: 
No, no, Mundra will be set up by Ambuja. And this is a Greenfield project. It will be set up on, 
it's a location that's very nice. Once we get this position, we can very, very smartly service the 
Western Corridor markets, where we already have adjacencies within Ambuja and also within 
Adani to use our own port. Use our receiving terminals, and, you know, right up to Cochin, 
Mangalore, Mumbai, Surat. So, I think it is a very good fit. It's a very high IRR project for us.  
Amit Murarka: 
And the limestone will come from where for this? 
Ajay Kapur: 
This is part also of, there are two options there. One is the limestone, which is in Mundwa. We 
have our own limestone mine there. Two, we are also looking at receiving the limestone sludge 
from a sister entity within the group. They are going for a coal to PVC plant, and that byproduct 
is as good as limestone. It has been done very successfully over the many parts of the world, 
especially China, Russia, and we've studied those technologies. And that's where the project 
becomes very, very smart project because it gives us raw material. 
It gives us, you know, coal rejects. It gives us power from our own plant, and it gives us fly ash 
right where our Adani power plants are. So, I know the location is right on, sitting on top of the 
port from which I can service our Western Corridor markets. And of course, interland of Gujarat, 
especially the North Gujarat. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Murarka, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up 
questions. We'll take the next question from the line of Pinakin Parekh from J.P. Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Yes, thank you very much, sir. So, my first question is, if I look at Ambuja's console balance 
sheet, the other financial assets, stands at INR3,100 crores in the long-term assets and INR7,900 
crores in current assets. So, of that INR11,000 crores of other financial assets, how much is fixed 
deposit? And what would be the others other than fixed deposits? 
Vinod Bahety: 
So, what's your name? Sorry, may I know your name, please? 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Pinakin. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, Pinakin, hi. So, in terms of the overall amount of fixed deposit, if I have to break the 
component of my INR11,530 crores of cash and cash equivalent, close to INR8,000 crores will 
be sitting under the current assets. And below 90 days, it will be close to another INR500 odd 
crores and between 90 to 365 days, it is close to about INR8,000 crores. So, that is the numbers 
which we have on the balance sheet. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Sure, sir. So, is it fair to say that the other income of, so in the P&L, the interest income is 
recognized as other income in the current quarter or is there an accrual basis and it will be 
recognized later? 
Vinod Bahety: 
No, no. We recognize on accrual basis every quarter. It is not on receipt basis but on accrual 
basis. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Sure. My second question is just, you know, trying to understand capex better because it's a bit 
confusing. So what is the capex guidance for FY’24 and FY’25 for ACC and Ambuja at this 
point of time? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So, the total capex guidance is INR7,000 crores for Ambuja console broken up into three parts, 
grinding units, integrated lines and current ongoing capex’s. In the new integrated units, as I 
mentioned, there are two integrated units being proposed to be set up, one in Bhatapara, one in 
Chandrapur in Maharashtra, both in Ambuja. Ambuja ACC is currently setting up Ametha. ACC 
will set up another one or two grinding units in UP which will serve Ametha. The wasted 
recovery projects are all combined for both Ambuja ACC at respective locations. 
We are also procuring 10 rakes which are going to help us optimize our railway footprint, 
especially bringing in clinker to our grinding stations in east. And also bringing fly ash from our 
plants, especially some of our group plants where we have assured availability to both plants of 
ACC and Ambuja. If you want any more breakup, I think Charanjit can separately call you and 
we can have a discussion, right? 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Yes. Sure. This is very helpful. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Pinakin just to give you more specific numbers which I have now? So, more than 12 months, 
the amount is INR8,600 crores. Between 90 days to 12 months, it is INR2,400 crores and below 
90 days, it is almost like INR540 odd crores. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Sure. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie. Please go ahead.  
Ashish Jain: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. So, just to continue with that capex argument, this journey from 70 to 140 
that we have spoken about and we understand that it will depend upon multiple factors, but can 
you give some outlay on at a company level, what is the Brownfield potential or Greenfield 
potential based upon the land and mining resources you have in each of these entities? And how 
much will depend upon either acquisition or new mines that you may acquire in future? Just 
want to understand the readiness based upon current resources to go to that 140. And if you can 
break it down between ACC Ambuja as well. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Sure. So Ashish, first of all, thanks for the very good question. I would only say it's not an 
argument, it's an assurance that this is what we're going to do it and it's there in our investor 
deck, right in the public place, number one. Number two, I will right now only speak as Ambuja 
and Ambuja Console and any questions you have on ACC, happy to discuss separately since 
today's earnings call for Ambuja and Ambuja Console. So, at Ambuja Console level, I can then, 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
which is what our cement business is all about. Our capex program is clearly putting 40 million 
of clinker. 
I would say nine lines of this are going to be a Brownfield. One line, the Mundra, is going to be 
a Greenfield. All the nine lines have adequate limestone. All nine lines will have land and 
requisite permits. As I speak to you, work is going on across all sites. We have identified multiple 
locations for grinding units. Land acquisition is in advanced stages. Public hearings are being 
arranged at various sites. Detailed programs are being planned. We have a full-fledged 
procurement, sorry, projects division, which has been set up. The business development team is 
already working. 
So, everything is going as per plan. What was ready is already out in the public space where we 
already launched this first set of investments and you'll start seeing progress in those. The next 
set of even more concrete announcements, which is what you're asking me, will also come in 
the due course. Allow us some time for that. Now, to answer your third question about limestone 
deposits. All these lines, which I've already put in the public space, we have limestone for that. 
In addition, we have recently won one limestone mine in Odisha, as you know. 
We also have been recognized as the winning bidder in a mine in Maharashtra. On top, I've 
already mentioned one coal mine. We have already mentioned one, which is also in Maharashtra. 
And we are always scouting for coal limestone mines as and when they come up. Some of our 
sites have adequate limestone to put up, not one, but three more lines in a very attractive markets. 
You'll hear that in time to come. So, far, we have not gone deep south. We are also examining 
those areas where you also have deposits. So, I think there's a complete detailed plan and the 
presentation which I'd set out in the month of March, after which I'd met some of you, was only 
done after a lot of detailed homework. 
And right up to the L5 detailing. Anything more you need, we'll be more than happy to connect 
with you. And Charanjit is here. He will be also happy to circle back with you and provide you 
details. Today, I cannot give you offhand breakup right to the specific last paisa, but we will in 
due course keep coming out with the next set of investments. 
Ashish Jain: 
Right, right. Sir, just as a follow-up, if it's possible for you to comment, out of the nine line that 
you said which seemed to be well-identified and resource-backed, can you at least talk about 
how much potentially could be under Ambuja out of that? Because it seems to be land-backed 
and resource-backed, so maybe we'll have some more visibility on Ambuja's standalone basis at 
least? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Yes, so basically if you ask me, some sites where we're going to put an expansion of a getting 
which is ACC site. As I said, I'll not give you more detailing at this moment, but more than 
happy to connect with you. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Ashish, I think we’ll, once the plan is ready, we will put that in the public domain, but there's 
some more homework to be done which we are currently doing. We broadly know that with nine 
sites, but let us complete the plan and then we will come to the market and we'll make a proper 
disclosure to the exchange. And you can also have that access to the presentation. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Ashish Jain: 
Sure, sure. So secondly, in the RPT disclosures of ACC, we see certain transactions with entities 
like Adani SportsLine, Adani Property, Adani Estate Management, is it, I know which includes 
long-term security deposit, is it possible to give some colour on the nature of this and what is 
the timeframe? Is it something we should see on the recurring basis or this was like a one-time 
thing and it may not require going ahead? 
Ashish Jain: 
So, Ashish, yes, I will take that question. In terms of the SportsLine, as you would have seen, 
ACC has been sponsors for the UAE League. And also they are the, so we have entered into a 
five-year sponsorship agreement with Adani SportsLine, which is the franchise owner of the 
UAE League. And also for the Kabaddi. Likewise, for example, in the same bid, I can highlight 
in case of Ambuja, we have taken for the Women's IPL and the Kho Kho League. So, these are 
the four important franchises and we see a very good business engagement given that we have a 
large dealership network, we have a large customer base. 
And this gives a very good connect with the customers. So, that, basically for the five years, 
long-term branding arrangement, we have entered into with SportsLine, that is the transaction. 
So, far as the, you highlighted the second question about the property. So, we are setting up a 
full-fledged office for the cement business in Ahmedabad, for which we have taken the land on 
lease from the group company and the work has already commenced over here. Hopefully next 
12 months to 15 months, we will see the office space available for us to occupy. 
Ajay ji highlighted that both the businesses are now working very symbiotically. And we have 
moved our head office to Bombay, from Bombay to Ahmedabad and that is essentially where 
we move into Shantigram, Adani Group's core office setup. So, that is for the structure of that 
building which we are going to set up here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, please limit your questions to one per participant. Should you 
have a follow-up question, we would request you to re-join the question queue. The next question 
is from the line of Rahul Gupta from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. I just need one clarification. If I sum the ACC and Ambuja 
standalone volume numbers, the delta has increased for the console number from 1.7 million ton 
last quarter to two and a half million ton this quarter. Anything specific over here or is there 
some higher sales to and fro? Can you please explain this number? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Are you referring to the total volume increase from 13.7 to 14.1? Is that what you're saying or 
are you? 
Rahul Gupta: 
So it's 13.7 to 14.1 versus if I sum the standalone numbers for ACC and Ambuja, the delta for 
the sum and the reported number has moved from 1.7 to two and a half million ton. So... 
Ajay Kapur: 
Yes, I got your point now. So, as I was mentioning, we are working on a master supply 
agreement. What it does is it throws the lowest cost for each plant. So, one is your sales and one 
is your trading which you do through this MSA using each other's footprint. Idea is to maximize 
your absolute number. And I think that's the reason. Also, as I mentioned, our Himachal plants 
are shut down. So, in order to ensure that the brands remain relevant in the market, we were 
pushing more and more, for example, ACC from Ambuja plants in north while Gagal was shut 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
down. As you know, Gagal's grinding is 100% located in Himachal whereas Ambuja has 
grinding stations in the plains in Punjab and also in Himachal. So, that's also some of the reasons 
for because of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes, hi, sir thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. First is for Vinod ji. Sir, how should 
we look at the capital structure of the company say three years out, five years out? Taking into 
account one is warrant infusion which I presume it's by until next year and potential requirement 
of capex for the growth that we are looking at. 
Vinod Bahety: 
Thanks Ritesh, hi. So, a good question again. In terms of our overall capex structure, as of now 
we are sitting on a net worth as I mentioned, almost 35,000 crores. We are expecting to add 
accruals to EBITDA which we are ambitiously looking at almost INR8,000 to INR9,000 crores 
as we improve on our cost and journey of growth. On top of it, the existing cash balance of 
INR11,500 crores only strengthens our balance sheet. As of now we are not looking for any debt. 
The entire capex program is going to be supported from the existing cash in cash equivalents 
and the accruals. 
So, essentially it is an equity structure with no plans of debt at this stage. And as Ajay ji 
mentioned, this INR15,000 crores of warrant is only an add-on which is not in the base number. 
And that will only further help us for both the organic and the inorganic opportunities.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jeffries. Please go 
ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Hello, yes, good evening sir. My question is firstly on this. In both ACC and Ambuja, we have 
reported this restructuring cost. What is this related to? And the question is on what would be 
the year-ending capacity for FY’24 consolidated operations? 
Vinod Bahety: 
Yes, good. So, the restructuring cost as an exceptional item is more on the VRS, which is one 
time and it is only therefore non-recurring of nature. What is your second question? 
Ajay Kapur: 
What will be the capacity year-ending? So, let me take it Prateek. So, one is Ametha which is 
coming in. Ametha will add 3.1 million of clinker. And it will also add 1 million of cement. So, 
on cement, you'll see additional 1 million coming in into the system. There may be some 
debottlenecking which we are also doing at some of the ongoing locations. You can expect 
another 1 million or 2 million coming out of that.  
But you'll see a large chunk of this coming in the early part of, because some of the grinding 
stations which we are working on, you will find in let's say quarter one or quarter two of FY’25. 
And then of course by before that, we would already come out and also announce next set of 
capex’s. So it will take some time to get this pipeline warmed up. And after that, you'll start 
seeing, every six months, a substantial amount of capacity being capitalized. I hope I've 
answered your question. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Right, so FY’24, we have this one clinker line on a consolidated basis and one couple of grinding 
units, 2 million ton. FY’25 will have maybe a couple of clinker lines and much more grinding 
units. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Yes, and by then, some other clinker lines would have already been announced and start building 
and more grinding stations also would have been announced and where land banks are currently 
being bought and permits are being actively pursued. So the next set of investments will then 
tell you what happens in ‘25, ‘26, ‘27, ‘28. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rashi Chopra from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Well, thank you. Just on the cost savings that you mentioned about INR300 to INR400 that are 
expected in FY’24, how much of this is attributed to the petco prices falling or is that over and 
above this INR300 to INR400? 
Ajay Kapur: 
I would say the total INR400 is largely restructuring, optimizing the way we are running 
business, increasing our waste rate, which should go up. Even in last quarter, it's gone up from 
6% to 9%, improving the performance of the kilns. So petco, of course, has been there, I would 
say, but it's not largely petco. 
It's also all other initiatives that we have taken. I think our slide has a fair detailing about and I 
can just help you with that. So the reverse we are using is, this is basically talking about 80 to 
175 journey on waste rate, but obviously this journey will go through two years. So some part 
of it you will see current year, some you will see next year. 
Next, then we are increasing our AFR. So you'll also see a sizable jump. I already mentioned 
we're targeting 15%, 16% this year as an exit, an average would be slightly lower than that. More 
coal from our current mine, and also trying to bring the new mine, Dahegaon Gowari a little 
faster. 
Of course, it still takes 24 months, but we're trying to see what better we can do. Already 
advanced stage of getting onto our green portfolio. This can happen fairly fast, given the 
adjacency of the group and also the expertise available within. We expect this might actually 
happen well before 31st March, ’25 -- ‘24, sorry, my bad, ’24. So that's something which will 
happen, but I think that saving will accrue more next year. Flash, we're already working on 
various contracts. 
Railroad optimization, 10 breaks are being bought this year. First of which has already come in, 
successfully running its first leg. Every month we'll expect a rate. So I think as it comes in, it 
also improves performance. Logistics initiatives are already underway. Manpower streamlining 
as single entity is already happening. As I speak, deep bottlenecking initiatives are also 
happening. 
So I think some part of Petco, what everybody else will gain, I'll also gain. Our gain will be on 
top of it 304 times. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Vyas, from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Rakesh Vyas: 
Yes, hi, sir, good evening. Two questions from my side, if I may. First one is on the clinker line 
expansion. The three new lines which are essentially Bhatapara, Chandrapur and Mundra, if I 
am right, we haven't yet placed the order. So if you can, and these are the priority projects for 
FY’24, so if you can just highlight on the timelines for ordering and the timelines for eventual 
commissioning, because if I heard you right, you are talking about FY’25 operationalization of 
these. 
So if you can clarify that. And the second question is essentially around the coal procurement 
agreement that we signed. At that point of time, it was at a reasonable discount to the ongoing 
fuel prices, but as fuel prices have now come down significantly, how does that contract work? 
Are we still getting discounted the current prices or the price at which we entered still holds 
true? These two questions. Thank you, please. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Yes, thank you, Rakesh. First, let me address your capex questions. The ordering is in a very 
advanced stage and very soon you would also have it in the press. So I'll stop there because it's 
also, we're very keen to start very fast. We're always negotiating, negotiating, negotiating to the 
last ounce, and that's where our team is there right now, number one. 
Number two, in terms of coal advances, the good part of this deal was it capped us at a higher 
end of $157. At a time when it was upwards of 200 to 20, we had actually seen a very bad 
performance in September quarter when we took over the business. 
So to that extent, it has given us the insurance. At the same time, it also has a plan wherein we 
also get the lowest of the market. So it's not that while capping is 157, the market is 120. We 
may very well try and get a price which is better than 120 or at least at 120. So I think both the, 
parts of the strategy for which this deal was made are very much intact. 
Last quarter, I think we've seen about, of our saving of INR0.20, INR0.22, I would say about 
50% of that which has come from this coal trade. So it's actually paid off very well to the 
company. 
Rakesh Vyas: 
Got it, and just for clarity, the ordering that you are highlighting, which we'll probably hear out 
soon, is on the three new clinker lines, which is X of Ametha, the four lines that you have put in 
the presentation? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Absolutely, not only you will hear for, see, I can't say more, you'll hear it in any case in the press. 
You'll hear more than two, you'll hear a good package of a couple of lines in the press very soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Plus more, plus more, plus more on some other areas, but, we must have some more conversation 
outside the call also, right? But we are working on it, I can assure you that. 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Thank you for taking my question. So first is a clarification. So combined as an entity, we've 
sold 14.1 million tons in the quarter versus 14.4 million tons same quarter last year. There's a 
decline in volumes. Is that understanding right based on your presentation? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Absolutely, all right. On a sequential basis, we went up from 13.7 to 14.1. And on a yearly basis, 
we are down from 14.4 to 14.1. First quarter, we had 50 days of shutdown of two of our plants 
in Northern India, wherein we were working with the unions, as I also mentioned in the opening. 
That impact is visible here. We also had a small shutdown in our Farakka grinding unit. There 
was an incident there. The plant remained closed for about 15, 20 days. It's also a sold out plant, 
so therefore, some part of market we covered, some we could not. Those are the two principal 
reasons why you find this gap. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take the last question from the line of Bhavin Chheda 
from Enam Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Yes, good evening, sir. Thanks for taking my question. The question on the capex, what you 
have highlighted INR7,000 crores, is it that you are going to spend this entire in FY’24? Because 
the slide also says that it is over two, three years. So what actually would be a cash outflow? 
Because FY24 has just one line of Ametha and a couple of million grinding units. So if you can 
write something on what would be on a cash outflow basis? 
Ajay Kapur: 
I got your question. In the interest of time, let me give a very clear answer. It is INR7,200 crores 
cash outflow planned for the current financial year. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Okay. And so you gave that three clinker units would be ordered soon. What about the grinding 
units? What's the ordering stage? In the slide, you have mentioned close to 11 million expansion 
on the grinding unit. Out of that, which are ordered and which are pending to be ordered? 
Ajay Kapur: 
If you followed, I'm sorry. The previous question from Pulkit was, no, not from Rakesh, or one 
of the previous… 
Bhavin Chheda: 
From the Rakesh. You mentioned clinker units, I heard that. 
Ajay Kapur: 
So I think he was pushing me to tell me by when I can come in the press. And I mentioned that, 
just give me some time. And I did not restrict myself to the two or three kilns lines you were 
saying. I said, you'll hear a little more. So when I announce, you will also hear grinding units 
because obviously, grinding also has to be done. You'll hear it very soon, sir. It is being done. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Yes. And for last one, on the FY’24 volume growth, if you can write something, you will be in 
line with industry. You are looking to outperform industry volume growth, some guidance on 
FY’24 volume growth as a consolidated entity? 
Ajay Kapur: 
We're looking at essentially industry growth about 6% to 7%. We are in the right traction to 
deliver our numbers from current sales of 51 million average in the last three years to, sorry, 54 

       
Ambuja Cements & ACC Limited 
 
 
May 02, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
million to 119 million tons by FY’28. That is a CAGR of 17%. To reach that CAGR, we'll have 
to also, show performance in the near term. 
So we are totally cognizant of that. Rather giving you a firm number, I will only tell you that 
this guidance which we have provided from 54 to 119, traverses through FY’23, ‘24 also. And 
AAA, as we call ourselves, is very much aware of its responsibility to traverse this path. But by 
doing it, making sure that we are creating value and also creating realizations. So it's a balanced 
path. We'll go with that. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
Okay, thank you, sir and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Thank you, everyone, for taking out the time to attend this call. For any questions which have 
not been answered, you can reach out separately to me. And for any other group questions which 
were missing, happy to arrange a separate call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
