 
 
 
 
RL/SE/ 22-23/194 
 
February 9, 2023 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor Conference Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the investor conference held on February 2, 2023, with regards to 
the financial results of Raymond Limited for the quarter and nine months ended  
December 31, 2022. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Director - Secretarial &  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
RAKESH 
MULJIBHAI 
DARJI
Digitally signed by 
RAKESH MULJIBHAI 
DARJI 
Date: 2023.02.09 
16:11:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S L POKHARNA – DIRECTOR – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CFO 
 
MR. SUNIL KATARIA – CEO, LIFESTYLE BUSINESS 
 
MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI – CEO, REALTY BUSINESS 
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
 
MR. J. MUKUND – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRIYANKA TRIVEDI – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Raymond Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants 
in the earnings call of Raymond Limited. I have with me Mr. J. Mukund, who is the Head of 
Investor Relations of Raymond Limited. 
Without taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Mukund. Over to you, 
Mukund. 
J. Mukund: 
Thank you, Priyanka. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Q3 FY 
'23 earnings call of Raymond. I hope you would have received a copy of our results 
presentation. Today, I would like to urge you to go through this along with the Disclaimer 
slides. Today, we have with us from senior management, Mr. S L Pokharna, who's Director of 
Raymond Limited; Mr. Amit Agarwal:, Group CFO; Mr. Sunil Kataria, CEO of Lifestyle 
Business; Mr. Harmohan Sahni, CEO of Realty Business; and Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head of 
Corporate Development. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to our Group CFO, Amit, who will give you a brief 
summary of company's quarterly performance before we open up for Q&A. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mukund. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today 
for the earnings call to discuss the results of the third quarter of fiscal 2023. Let me start with a 
brief overview of the third quarter performance of the current fiscal. The quarter began with 
the festival in the month of October and positive consumer sentiment gave a boost to 
secondary sales. We witnessed an encouraging consumer demand for occasion wear across all 
our fabric and apparel brands portfolio. Wedding and festive-related sales have been the 
highlight of the quarter, thereby contributing to a strong sales momentum. 
While consumer sentiments were upbeat, there was an increasing consciousness of inflationary 
pressures that have had an impact on the overall demand. As we progressed during the quarter, 
the delay in the onset of the winter impacted the sale for winter season. Also in the apparel 
category, the quarter witnessed an aggressive end-of-season sale across brands that began in 
the third week of December. 
Now let us discuss about the third quarter fiscal '23 quarterly performance. Raymond Group 
has embarked upon a journey of enhancing profitable growth and has maintained the 
momentum quarter-on-quarter basis across businesses by capitalizing on existing offerings, 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
along with a new range of products and services. Our sustained focus on cost and working 
capital optimization has reaped the results in improving our performance across businesses. 
We are happy to share that the third quarter fiscal '23 recorded the highest ever quarterly 
revenue, reaching the milestone of INR 2,200 crores for the first time. This is the fifth 
consecutive quarter of record performance. Our consolidated revenues have grown 
significantly by 18% to INR 2,200 crores from INR 1,871 crores in the third quarter of fiscal 
2022, which is spread across all B2C and B2B businesses in domestic markets and garmenting 
business in export market as well as the real estate business. 
Additionally, I'm delighted to share that we have clocked highest quarter 3 EBITDA of INR 
351 crores, with an EBITDA margin of 15.9% in the last 10 years. Also, as compared to pre-
pandemic levels for the same quarter, we have delivered profitable growth across segments 
with the revenue in the third quarter of fiscal '23, higher by 15% vis-a-vis INR 1,905 crores in 
the quarter 3 of fiscal '20 and EBITDA margin at 15.9% in the third quarter of fiscal '23 was 
higher by about 410 basis points versus 11.8% in the third quarter fiscal '20.  
Now I would like to discuss Raymond Limited has exercised the option of new corporate tax 
rate regime during the current quarter. Raymond Limited had carried and absorbed tax losses 
due to disruption caused by COVID-19 pandemic. As for the accounting standard, the 
company made deferred tax assets at the rate of 34.94% at the then prevailing rates as per the 
old tax regime. However, over the last few years, the company reported strong operational 
performance, owing to set off the past losses with the current profit, the company was not 
liable to pay tax under the normal provisions of the Income Tax Act. 
However, continuing with the old tax regime, the company was liable to pay MAT which is 
Minimum Alternative Tax under Section 115 JB of the Income Tax Act, though there was no 
taxable profit after setting of the carried past tax losses. Hence, the company decided to opt for 
the new tax regime under section 115 BAC of the income tax to optimize the tax cash outflow. 
Since the tax rate for the company has now reduced to 25.17% as per the accounting standards, 
the company has remeasured the deferred tax asset, which resulted into one-time charge to the 
P&L of the current quarter. 
Let me explain the one-time charge in more detail. The company reversed the current tax 
provision, deferred tax assets and MAT credit under old tax regime recognized till previous 
year ended 31st March 2022 and 6 months ended September 2022. This has resulted in a one-
time net impact of INR 73.5 crores in financial statement for the third quarter fiscal '23 and 9 
months ending the 31st December 2022. 
Current tax rate for the quarter 3 fiscal '23 is ~20% and 9 months ending 31st December 2022 
is ~26%. Excluding this one-time impact, our normalized PAT is INR 168 crores, which is 
68% higher than INR 100 crores in the previous year. On a reported basis, our PAT is INR 95 
crores after incorporating the one-time impact of 73.5 crores. Now, I would like to explain the 
seasonality of the business as we are going to discuss the segment-wise performance for the 
quarter. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Generally, the second quarter of the financial year, which is July to September, is a stronger 
quarter for us. As we do primary sales to over trade partners across India to cater to the festive 
and the wedding season in the third quarter. However, last year, in the second quarter, in the 
month of July and August, we had the impact of second pandemic wave, which resulted in 
primary sales being spilled over to September and October months. However, due to 
seasonality and the second pandemic wave, for the purpose of comparison, we should consider 
the performance of Q2 and Q3 together for a better explanation. Now let me explain to you our 
segment-wise performance for the third quarter.  
Branded Textile segment maintained a quarter-on-quarter strong performance with a top line 
of INR 902 crores and an EBITDA margin of 20.9%. Now, if you consider Q2 and Q3 figures 
together, the top line has reported a strong 12% growth to INR 1,814 crores compared to INR 
1,621 crores for quarter 2 and quarter 3 of last year. As the festival started from the first week 
of October month, our primary sales were well spread from mid-August to September, which 
ensured that retail outlets are fully geared up with our festive offerings to the consumer. 
This robust revenue performance reflects a strong demand for our product offerings with latest 
designs across categories in suiting and shirting fabrics. Given the festivities during the 
quarter, there was higher demand for our products for personal consumption as well as gifting. 
Post festivities, the trade channel sales gained momentum in anticipation of the impending 
wedding season in the fourth quarter. 
Additionally, we continued to focus on product innovation and for trade partners showing a 
positive response for our new product launches. In the suiting business, demand for wool rich 
blend and premium poly viscose category continued along with an uptick in gifting solutions 
in the festivity period. Premiumization in products through our exotic collection and new 
product innovation such as Spanax, Supernova and Technoseries has been well received by the 
customers. Let me talk about our B2C shirting business, which introduced new products, 
which are in tune with the fashion sensibility for the new season. 
The third quarter also sustained the trend of evolving shopping patterns where we saw a 
growth in the average transaction value by 24% across our 1,000-plus TRS stores spread 
across to 600 cities and towns as compared to previous year. With the weddings in the quarter, 
the trend of high-value purchase continued during the third quarter as well. Now, the segment 
reported a robust EBITDA margin of 20.9% achieved by diversified product mix in suiting as 
well as shirting fabrics along with enhanced operational efficiency.  
Let me talk about the branded apparel segment, which reported a sales of INR 364 crores with 
an EBITDA margin of 11.2% in the quarter. Considering Q2 and Q3 together, the top line has 
reported strong 37% growth to INR 734 crores compared to INR 537 crores for Q2 and Q 3 of 
last year. This clearly reflects that our offerings inviting latest designs in line with the fashion 
print was well received by consumers. During the quarter, the performance was seen across 
brands like Park Avenue, ColorPlus, Raymond ready-to-wear and Parx, which offer a plethora 
of options for consumers on various occasions. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
The wedding season saw a positive demand momentum for Ethnic wear and we launched a 
wide collection ranging from smart ethnics to wedding wear, and we expanded our presence in 
the segment through the brand Ethnix by Raymond. The performance for apparel segment was 
driven across our trade channels and the retail network of EBO and the TRS shops. The EBO 
network has been performing well, and it is encouraging to see the overwhelming response 
from our customers who choose to visit our branded apparel stores that offer a great shopping 
experience. 
Our new collections in core product portfolio and casual categories are well placed with 
attractive pricing proposition in line with our plan to make a strong foray into the ethnic wear 
segment through our brand, Ethnix by Raymond. We opened 21 exclusive stores until date, we 
have got overall 46 stores across the country. The segment reported a double-digit EBITDA 
margin of 11.2% as compared to 10.7% in the same quarter previous year, driven by continued 
operational efficiency. 
Let me talk about the retail network. During the year, we have continued strengthening our 
retail footprint with net addition of 49 stores across Metros, Tier 1 to Tier 4 towns, making a 
total count to 1,400 stores spread across 600 towns as of 31st of December 2022 compared to 
1,351 stores as of 31st of March 2022. With festivities in the third quarter of the year, we 
witnessed strong traction in secondary sales with significant improvement in average 
transaction value. As mentioned earlier, the TRS network reported 24% growth in average 
transaction value as compared to previous year same quarter. 
Now let us talk about the garmenting business, where we reported a strong growth of 39% to 
INR 282 crores compared to INR 203 crores in previous year due to higher demand from our 
existing and newly acquired global customers. With a strong order book and the China plus 1 
policy adopted by leading global brands, have contributed steadily to the garmenting business. 
The EBITDA for the quarter in the Garmenting segment stood at INR 26 crores with an 
EBITDA margin of 9.1%, while it was INR 17 crores of EBITDA in the previous year with 
EBITDA margin of 8.6%. The EBITDA margin improved mainly due to operational 
efficiencies. 
Now about our high-value cotton shirting segment, which has reported a robust growth of 32% 
to INR 195 crores compared to INR 148 crores in the previous year, led by strong demand 
from our domestic B2B customers for Cotton fabrics. The segment reported EBITDA margin 
of 10.7% for the quarter as compared to 8.6% in the previous year, mainly on account of better 
capacity utilization for catering to higher number of orders and operational efficiencies. 
Now let us explain the performance of the engineering business, which was consolidated under 
JK Files and Engineering Limited in the Q3 last year on an aggregate basis. The top line 
remained flat at INR 208 crores as compared to the previous year. In the domestic market, with 
the demand or momentum in auto-sector higher for most of our product categories. We 
witnessed growth in ring gears, drills, bearing and flexplates. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
In the export market, with inflationary impacted environment, Euro-currency depreciation and 
devaluation of currency in certain markets, our B2B customers have deferred certain orders as 
they are witnessing a slowdown in the secondary demand. On an aggregate basis, the business 
reported a slightly higher EBITDA at 15.8% compared to 15% in previous year. The margin 
was higher mainly due to operational efficiency. 
Now, let us talk about our newest business, which is the real estate. Raymond Realty has set a 
new benchmark in the real estate sector in India and I'm delighted to share that as promised to 
the customers, we have been able to deliver the first 3 towers of the Ten X Habitat project, 2 
years ahead of RERA timeline. The first of its kind feat has set a new benchmark in the real 
estate sector. 
Our premium quality offering in the 1 and 2 BHK project of TenX and premium 3 and 4 BHK 
of The Address by GS, which is backed by fast-paced construction activity has been well 
appreciated by the customers. The sales grew by 67% to INR 292 crores from INR 175 in the 
previous year. The EBITDA margin stood at 25.5% as compared to 20.8% in the previous 
year. The top line growth was driven with increased number of bookings in both the projects 
with construction momentum being maintained. The total booking value for both the 2 projects 
for the quarter is INR 380 crores and for the current year is INR 1,137 crores. This highlights 
the continued strong demand for our value-based differential product offering.  
Now let me provide some project wise details. Our first project TenX Habitat received 151 
bookings with a booking value of INR 192 crores in the current quarter. In total, the total 
bookings are 2,337 as of 31st of December 2022, which accounts for about 75% of the total 
units with a booking value of INR 2,402 crores. Our new premium residential project, The 
Address by GS, which was launched in third quarter of fiscal 2022, continued to receive great 
response from customers with 62 bookings with a booking value of INR 188 crores in this 
quarter. The total booking made for this project accounts for 411 units, which is 75% of the 
total units with a booking value of 1,022 crores. 
On the construction front, fast-paced construction activity continued in all 10 towers of the Ten 
X Habitat project and the 2 towers of The Address by GS project. Now let me start with the 
project-wise construction detail. In the Ten X Habitat project, the tower wise construction is as 
follows. As stated earlier, we have received occupational certificates for the first 3 towers and 
from Tower 4 to 8, the terrace slab has been also completed and Tower 9, 16th slab completed 
and Tower 10, 15th slab has been completed. As far as the progress on second project is 
concerned, The Address by GS, podium 5 and podium 3 have been completed for Tower A 
and Tower B respectively. 
Now let me talk about the operating costs, working capital as well as the cash flow. In terms of 
operating cost for the quarter, our opex to sales ratio is slightly higher at 26.7% as compared to 
25.5% in the same quarter last year and 30.4% of pre-covid levels of Q3 fiscal '20. On an 
absolute value basis, our revenues have increased by 18% to INR 2,200 crores. However, our 
opex cost has increased by 23% to INR 588 crores from INR 478 crores as compared to same 
quarter of previous year.  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Also as compared with pre-covid levels, while revenues have increased by 15% on absolute 
terms, our opex costs have marginally increased by 1% to INR 588 crores in Q3 fiscal '23 as 
compared to INR 580 crores in Q3 fiscal '20. At Raymond, we continue to stay focused on cost 
and numerous initiatives have been undertaken which are instrumental in achieving desired 
cost efficiencies over the last 2 years. 
The increase in cost is mainly on account of inflation, which has impacted wages and other 
incidental costs. Also with a sustained focus to drive growth and build a strong brand equity 
for the future, we are investing in advertising, sales promotion and retail expansion for future 
revenue and growth potential. 
On the working capital front, with our continued focus on efficient working capital 
management, during this quarter, we have been able to reduce the net working capital days to 
55 days, which is lower by 7 days on a quarter-on-quarter basis from 62 days in September 22 
and similar on a year-to-year basis with net working capital at 54 days in December 2021.  
We have seen some strong cash collections in place, which has been able to help the reduction 
in receivables. On an absolute terms, our net working capital is lower by INR 176 crores to 
INR 1,316 crores in December 22 vis-a-vis INR 1,492 crores in September 2022. Now let me 
tell you about the cash flow that at the back of strong profitability, we generated operating cash 
flow of INR 492 crores and a free cash flow of INR 416 crores. And the free cash flow has 
been primarily used for debt reduction. 
So our gross debt stood at INR 2,022 crores as on 31st of December 2022. We continue to 
maintain strong liquidity levels with cash and cash equivalents of INR 1,090 crores as 
compared to INR 810 crores as of September 30, 2022. The cash and cash equivalents are a 
combination of cash and bank balances and short-term investments. Overall, our net debt 
reduced by INR 354 and has stood at less than INR 1,000 crores at INR 932 crores as on 
December 31, 2022, as compared to INR 1,286 crores as on 30th of September 2022. This is 
the highest net debt reduction in a quarter through internal accrual. 
There is an increase in the interest cost in the fiscal quarter of '22 at INR 70 crores, which is 
higher by INR 13 crores on a year-on-year basis as compared to INR 57 crores. It is in an 
increasing interest rate scenario, our interest borrowing cost has increased to 7.92% in the third 
quarter as compared to 7.65% in second quarter of fiscal '23 and higher interest on lease 
liabilities on account of increase in the stores, which is taken on a rental basis as well as the 
notional interest due on the deferred approval cost for the real estate project. 
Overall, our net debt-to-equity ratio, which was already at a comfortable level of 0.45x in 
March 2022 has further reduced to 0.33x in December 2022. Now, let me take you through the 
current status of operations and the near-term outlook. The beginning of the fourth quarter 
witnessed modest consumer sentiment as the discretionary spend have been moderate in the 
inflationary environment as market is experiencing toned down impulse purchases by 
consumers. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
On the ongoing apparel EOSS, the consumer demand uptick is relatively moderate. Also, the 
inflation pressure for the last 3 quarters has led to a K-curve recovery where the discretionary 
spend has been impacted for the low-income households, while there is an upsurge in 
consumption of high-income households. With CPI inflation pressure easing off and pro 
middle-class budget, we expect the consumption to improve over the coming months. In the 
near future, a large number of wedding days are spread in the month of February and March, 
we expect the trade channel to gain momentum in anticipation of strong secondary sales, 
which is expected to drive demand. 
Our Pan-India retail network is well geared for the expected surge in the consumer demand 
owing the number of wedding days. With regard to store expansion, we are in line to have net 
additional 70 stores across India in the current year as compared to 1,351 stores at the 
beginning of the year, primarily driven by Ethnix by Raymond store expansion to cater to the 
fast-growing ethnic wear market. In the Garmenting segment, export levers continue to be 
China plus one strategy and the global retail industry undergoing consolidation. We have a 
strong order book in place for the next 2 quarters. From a raw material perspective, the wool 
and the poly viscose have remained stable. Over the last couple of years, the cotton prices have 
increased significantly. 
However, recently, the prices have stabilized but remained at a higher level as compared to 
pre-pandemic level. However, we have been able to largely pass the price increases to our 
customers with a time lag. In the engineering business, we are witnessing the domestic retail 
demand in consuming sectors are healthy, and we expect the same to continue. However, in 
the export market, where we cater to multiple sectors across geographies, the inflationary 
trends continue in the economy of European countries and US and currency devaluation of 
certain developing economies. 
We are working closely with our customers in accessing the demand and catering the 
requirement for this. From raw materials cost perspective, the steel prices have been an 
inflationary trend for the last 1.5 years, which has recently softened a bit. Also, we have the 
ability to pass on the same though with the time lag. In the real estate market, we expect the 
growth momentum in residential market to continue. The construction activities are in full 
swing in both of our projects, and we expect to stay on course. 
From a net working capital perspective, over the last few years, we have optimized the net 
working capital in terms of number of days, and we would aspire to maintain those levels on 
an annualized basis. From a cash flow perspective, there's a continued focus to generate strong 
operating cash flows from the profitable growth of the business and our asset life expansion 
model is very well in place.  
However, to address the increasing order book, we are investing into line expansion in the 
garmenting business and also expanding capacity in certain growth categories in engineering 
business. Overall, the strong focus continues to generate free cash flow and continue the 
journey of deleveraging. At Raymond, we are committed to create an Organization that 
upholds our value of trust, excellence and quality in all what we do. We value your support 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
and look forward to being together with each one of you in this journey. Thank you very much. 
Now we are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nikhil Jain from Galaxy International. 
Nikhil Jain: 
Congratulations from my side to the management for doing -- for having a great performance. 
I have a couple of questions actually. So first was, let's say, our net debt is actually down, so 
we have reduced by more than INR 300 crores, but the interest expenses have been up, as 
compared to the last quarter. If you can explain that? That is question number one. 
The second question was with respect to the other expenses. So there is a significant increase 
of roughly around 2% in other expenses as compared to the last quarter. So can there be some 
explanation on that, that would be great. The third question is on -- I just wanted to understand 
how the traction is on ethnic. And if you can share some information about, let's say, how 
many stores for ethnic? What's the kind of turnover? And what's the kind of EBITDA margin 
that we are making in this business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thanks, Nikhil. Obviously, you're right that in on a scenario where we are, the interest rate has 
been consistently increasing. And if you look at the interest rate increase by the RBI is over 
2.25%. If I compare compared to the previous year, we have an impact, though the debt has 
been reduced. However, because of the change in the rate, it costs you in terms of the interest 
rate rise is to the tune of INR 7.5 crores to INR 8 crores. As well as we talked about, we are in 
a journey of expanding stores. 
And as for Ind AS accounting portion is going on the rent of the stores, there is an increase of 
close to INR 2 crores. And then on top of it, as you know that we are into the real estate 
business and the certain approval cost as per the local government, there is a possibility to 
defer these payments and there is an interest which is being charged on the approval cost. So 
we follow that logic and there is an interest cost assigned also close to INR 3 crores, INR 3.5 
crores. 
So overall, we have this increase of INR 12 crores to INR 13 crores on account of these 3 
major reasons. Then we talk about the other point you had was in terms of other expenses, 
primarily, as we said, there are 2 or 3 things in the past last year as you were coming out of 
COVID, we had primarily cut down a significant amount in terms of advertisement. So we 
have gone back into advertisement plus the volume being higher, there is an increase in the 
freight cost. 
If I look at it between advertisement, freight costs, plus our sales people have started to travel 
because as we want to grow our export business and all other businesses, we are seeing a good 
opportunity for people to travel. So that has increased. Some of these expenditures, what was 
not there in the last year, and now have started to come back. However, what is important is to 
see that compared to the pre-COVID level, we are able to still -- if you look at the total opex 
cost, we are still exactly at the same level in spite of increasing our revenue by 15%. I think the 
increase because of the inflationary pressure has been fully absorbed by the cost optimization, 
which has been done by the company. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Now I will ask Sunil to talk a little bit about the ethnic. Sunil? 
I think there's some issue in terms of connectivity. Now I can give you some highlights. We 
are very clear that in terms of ethnic stores, we are going to open consistently the stores in 
order to achieve the reach. And as we speak, we have got some 45, 46 stores as we speak today 
of ethnix and we expect to reach it to the 75% mark by the end of this year. And we have got 
very significant presence in the ethnics because of 2 reasons. We understand the fabric, we 
understand the wedding market because we have been serving the wedding market for more 
than 97 years. 
So truly, that has given us a good impetus to participate into this market, fast-growing market. 
At this juncture, you should call that we are in an investment mode that we are opening the 
stores. We have a setup cost, people start to come, understand the product. So, it is going to 
take a little while by the time you start seeing truly the big revenues coming out of the Ethnics. 
I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stockbroking. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
So my first question was on branded textile. For branded textiles, we have seen a very flat kind 
of sales to whereas the festive season was good and then there was -- what we have heard is 
there has been a sort of a moderation during November and then some pickup posting in 
December but to the towards the end of December. So, alluding to your branded textile 
business one, where we can see on a 9-month basis, it shows good growth but during the 
quarter, it is on the high base and hence, there is flat sales. 
One question is that why not growth has been seen. And other part is in your branded apparel 
business, where do we see the overall profitability going up? So how much further 
improvement can be seen in the EBITDA margin? Obviously this is post IND-AS, but how 
much improvement can you see in EBITDA margin? When I look at your branded apparel 
business, it should settle down somewhere around INR 1,250 crores, INR 1,300 crores or INR 
350 crores for the year looking at the quarterly run rate. At one point in time, it used to be 
close to about INR 1,500 crores to INR 1,600 crores. So where do you see -- so these are my 
two questions. On branded textile and second on branded apparel. 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, absolutely. I think we try to catch base the branded textile and I think you have a very 
clear question about the third quarter branded textile. The last year, if I look at it, we were just 
coming out of COVID when July was completely COVID-impacted and August started in the 
second half of August. And then the whole momentum did not take place in the last 15 days of 
August. So the supplies to -- and we are a primary supplier to our dealers and agents. So what 
happens is that you would supply to your dealer distribution and network, which happened last 
year in the month of September and October. 
And this year, if you see our second quarter results were so strong because we were following 
the normal cycle, which was in terms of supplies in the month of July, August and September. 
And that is one of the reasons. If you recall, I gave a number that if I take the Q2 plus Q3 sales 
of the last year to this year, we have grown by 12%. So this year, Q2 plus Q3 branded textile is 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
INR 1,814 crores vis-a-vis INR 1,621 crores in the last year. So that is the one very important 
reason which we need to -- Last year was an aberration. You cannot take a second quarter at a 
third quarter exactly in a similar manner. 
And in terms of the branded apparel, if I look at it, we have been consistently improving the 
margin, and we have talked through that we have a game plan where we really given down on 
the cost. And we have identified -- see in the last 2 years we shut some of the stores in order to 
make sure that whichever stores are operating are primarily a profitable stores. Therefore, it 
was a journey where we went down on our revenue. In the last year, we had seen a revenue of 
INR 900 crores. This year, you are seeing more like a revenue of INR 1,400 crores. And then 
we have a growth year in going after. Similarly, as you get higher revenue, you will start 
seeing the benefit of the operating leverage. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. Another question over here in Branded Apparel is overall discounts, I mean, the way I 
understand branded apparel is run across the industry, is say, about 45% to 50% of the overall 
branded apparel sales is discounted. I mean -- and of that, the level of discounts range from 
25% to, say, 40%, 45% on the discounted sales. So that's how it all happens, and it has been 
building on the gross margin and hence the EBITDA margin. 
Have you done some work on the product assortment in branded apparels and tried to bring 
down the overall discounting? Something like that? Anything that has been some of initiatives 
that have been taken to better understand the product assortment of branded apparels. So that is 
something very important. And if branded apparels goes back to that INR 600 crores or INR 
700 crores on a number and with a better profitability, then it could lead to a very good relative 
forum? 
Sunil Kataria: 
This is Sunil. I think you're in a very valid point that how much how well can you play this 
entire discount, managing in the apparel business is very critical. So let's say 2 critical actions 
which we have taken. The first answer is we are looking at improving our entire product 
assortment mix itself. So we have gone brand by brand and looked at how we can do a much 
more premium assortment play across our brands without losing the critical value points. 
Now both are very critical, for example, if there is a price point of, let's say, 1,999 in a shirt 
segment of mine. I don't want to lose that. But at the same time, there are always some very 
nice smart speaking I can do to premium as the product assortment, which gives me an overall 
improvement in the margin play itself. There is a very important exercise that we've done for 
all our brands. Second point you're doing is how can we manage and optimize our discount 
plan across the seasons. This is an area where across our EBO channel and in case of some of 
our trade channels. We have been working on with channel partners as well as our own retail 
outlets. And while I cannot disclose you the exact number, we have been able to optimize our 
discounts also in this entire year. 
Now coupled with this, overall play of improving the product assortment, with margin 
discounts, we are very confident that this has helped us improve our margins, and we're very 
confident that this -- as we scale up, along with the leverage will help us give strong margins in 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
terms of EBITDA on an ongoing basis. But we've also done along with this starting September 
this year onwards. You will have seen a brand coming back on media and even in store, which 
were in a big way. 
Now we have started investing behind all our brands You would have seen campaigns have 
been behind ethnic, you would have seen campaigns between Park Avenue, ColorPlus, 
Raymond. So whatever profitability generating additionally, we are right now in the way of 
investing behind brands because we know that this is a very critical play, especially as we go 
to ramp up and open stores going forward. 
And right now, the next 3 years -- take 2 years focus for a disruptive growth and experiential 
growth in terms of footprint as well as scale up of those stores. And that is what we are 
building in our current and going forward annual plan is as well that there will be store 
expansion, various plans behind brand building. We will optimize product assortments and 
their margins, and we will optimize our discounting so that we could do a very smart balancing 
of brand building, store expansion without losing our EBITDA leverage. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. And what would be the total number of stores to be added in the next 2 to 3 years? Or 
what would be the percentage to be added. But total number of stores would be more at... 
Sunil Kataria: 
I think Amit has already called out in his speech already that this quarter itself is going to be a 
very aggressive quarter for us. We are looking at around 70-odd stores opening. So this itself is 
one of the biggest quarter that we are hoping that we will definitely deliver this number. And 
going forward, our intent is to look at, at least around 300-odd stores over the next year 
anywhere between, I think, 18 to 24 months. That's what we're looking at. across our brands. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
And sorry if I missed that, how much of those stores would be in Ethnics. 
Sunil Kataria: 
This quarter or the next quarter of the year-- In the next 2 years are you talking about? 
Abhijeet Kundu:  
Next 2 years. So this quarter also next 2 years? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So roughly around, you can say, we will roughly around 100 -- we would like in the next 2 
years to at least around 200 to 250-odd Ethnix stores. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
200 to 250-odd ethnic stores? And also I mean let to the brand and you have got a very good 
response to ethnics. So, how would you describe your positioning in ethnics, because the 
analysis that we have done in your case, is that you have -- you are in the mid to higher, I 
mean, premium segment ASPs, our average selling price would be somewhere around INR 
4,000. And you would rather cater to a wide consumer base rather than… 
Sunil Kataria: 
When you have -- when you say 4,000 ASP you're talking about which product? Which 
product segment in ethnics? As there are multiple product segments like... 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Kurta is common. I mean, sherwanis are on the – at the level of 1000 and all? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sunil Kataria: 
No, I don't think so we have an average ASP of INR 4,000 in kurta. We are -- we are more in 
the range of around, roughly on 2700-odd kind of average kurta -price point. But I can tell you 
one thing. We are bang in the middle of the mass premium segment. The largest segment in the 
ethnic segment is what you call as a mass premium segment, which is the bulk of the market, 
and we are right bang in the middle of that. The way we are positioned ourselves, let me 
explain to you that. We see ourselves playing ethnic across 2 segments of the market. One is 
that will definitely be in the mass up end and mass segment. 
And then we do not want to leave the bottom end of the premium segment as well. So we see 
ourselves straddling across the top end of the mass as well as the bottom the premium segment. 
And hence, we call ourselves as a mass premium segment player because this will help us 
leverage ourselves very strongly across the bulk of the value of the market. Second, one more 
piece that we see as a big opportunity area and which is already forming as we are growing 
right now, a decent size of our business is something what we call a smart ethnics. We also see 
that there is a market which is not only wedding related. This is a market which -- where one 
trend is happening, that Indians are wearing more and more regular ethnic as a more hybrid 
wear or as a casual wear. 
This is nothing to do with like for example, bundis, today in our office itself or actually most 
of you can see, bundis are becoming part of hybrid office wear. It has nothing to do with the 
bundis which are more brighter festive bundis, which we wear in Diwali, which you wear on 
the Dussehra. These are bundis which are being worn regularly to the office or an evening 
dinner when you want to go. 
Now that is smart ethnic, and we are also building that segment. Couldn't believe that segment 
has not been leveraged itself in the category itself. And that we have defined as a category 
expansion, category developing task for ourselves. 
So that's a piece, which will happen gradually. So, this brand itself, if I could define it, 
obviously, it has all the heritage of Raymond. It has all the great qualities of Raymond. But our 
design positioning is premium just in the way Raymond has been. The language is very, very 
premium, what I would call classy-stylish pattern, for individually made kind of designs. And 
obviously, the quality of Raymond is always there. And the markets that we straddle is within 
the core market instead of mass and premium and will gradually adjacently category develop 
the segment of what we're calling Smart Ethnix. It is a name we have built ourselves. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
So firstly, just wanted your thoughts on -- obviously, we are the leaders in branded suiting, and 
we hear that at the lower end, especially there is a lot of -- I mean some smaller players are 
doing quite well there. So do we see that as a stress to us? I mean, especially at the lower end 
in branded suiting, I mean, especially given the inflationary pressures that you're talking about, 
do you see that lower end of the branded suiting doing well? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Look, I'll tell you simply, people have the aspiration to wear a Raymond suit -- and weddings 
are such a big market that they have one simple --that in the wedding, you can't be without a 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Raymond suit. So that is one very important. Second thing, you see, you have always different 
price point market. One can never say that it is only one price point market. We cater in our 
segment. We have our tailoring, we have other MTM. We bring a lot of things. And therefore, 
you have got a very strong, what we call, CRM-based. 
We have got a 10 million CRM base, which ensures that people keep coming back and having 
a repeat customer. And very simple, as I talked earlier, that we have seen 24% year-on-year 
average ticket value increasing. That reflects that there are enough and more people who want 
to come shop and improve. And as we know, and just yesterday, based on the FM's 
announcement, the INR 10 lakh crores, and this is going to come a capex into the system 
Overall, the affluent domestic growth, everything goes up, people will continue to go and wear 
better and better fabric. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
The second bit was on -- I mean, based on the current -- how current goes is also sort of going, 
I mean what sort of near-term demand visibility do you have for our growth momentum to sort 
of continue at the current rate, especially on the branded suiting and apparel side? And 
similarly, what's the comment on the inventory has that currently our channel partners have in 
terms of fresh make, etcetera, especially given the fact that winter was a bit delayed and do 
you see some inventory challenge coming in there? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So first of all, there is no EOSS on fabric business of ours. It's only in apparel. So I think that 
clarifies. So EOSS has no role to play in fabric at all. Was your question related to fabric only? 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
No, I was asking for both, actually, if you can make separate comments. 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. So okay. fabric, there is no EOSS and hence, there is no role to play in that. And in terms 
of apparel, the initial start of EOSS across segments across the industry was slower. It is 
initially also because when the winter -- but when they set up the first 15 days of this -- as 
expected in this year also saw some very severe temperatures across many parts of the country. 
So obviously, at that time, people did not move out. But the last 10 days of the month had a 
very strong pickup in terms of the EOSS. 
And we actually are very hopeful right now with wedding seasons panning out post mid-
month, which always happens with onset of Sankranti in parts of the country. The wedding 
seasons is looking very well staggered this time. It is not concentrated in maybe 10 days. It is 
actually well staggered over a 35-odd-per day period that we will see a very sustained and 
spread of demand over the next coming quarter. We don't see any signs of demand linked to it. 
While obviously, there's a backdrop of this K-curve, which keeps playing out, but I think that 
is something which is a much more macroeconomic factor, which we keep in mind, but no 
other factor seems to be at play right now. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And just to mention, on the inventory, we are very well focused that what inventory we will 
take, which we can sell very quickly. And that is very well demonstrated in our net working 
capital performance that we have brought it down to 55 days compared to an earlier views to 
be in the 95, 97 days. So very clear, both on the inventory and receivables. We will be very 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
tight. We will take a little bit of a hit on the sales, but we will not say that we keep inventory 
getting. So very clear, and we are implementing the best systems in order to ensure that the 
supply chain is tight. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Savai: from Abakkus Invest. 
Nirav Savai: 
My question is regarding the real estate side now, we almost sold of 75% of inventory across 
both the projects. So what is the next plan ahead? I mean, when is the broad phase planning to 
launch? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
This is Harmohan. You will get good news very soon. We have applied for the RERA 
registration. The moment we get the registration, it will get launched. You will get to hear 
about it very soon. 
Nirav Savai: 
And then also, are we planning to take any price hikes for the residual inventory, which we 
have because we have very limited inventory left. And going by the sales velocity in the way 
we are reporting, we would get exhausted very soon. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So if you see the margin trend over the last few quarters or from last year to this year, you 
would have seen that there is a significant improvement in margin, and it's primarily because 
of the price hikes that we have taken. We continue to do that depending on how we see the 
market. It really all depends on how much the market can absorb. So we are not going to leave 
too much on the table like that. So whatever market can absorb, we will continue to take price 
from time to time. 
Nirav Savai: 
Right. And lastly, I think in the initial remarks, you had highlighted the milestones achieved on 
the construction side. Can you please help me out the same again? I had just missed that. I 
think first three tags was OC has been received later on... 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So the project 10X  for balance towers,  the super structure complete. And on the balance 2 
towers, we are on the 15, 16 storey. And as far as the other project is concerned, which is 
Address by GS, we are at the podium stage now, the parking is getting completed. So on one 
building tower rate, currently, it is at T6 levels. So the podiums are getting over. And the 
Tower B is at parking 3 levels. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anushka Chitnis from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Anushka Chitnis: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I wanted to ask about the budget recently, they had 
mentioned that they will be giving a both to improve the productivity of ELS cotton in India. 
What would that mean for Raymond on the garmenting or the high-value cotton shirting side? 
Anushka Chitnis: 
So the budget had mentioned that they will be giving a boost to improve the productivity of 
ELS cotton in India. What would that mean for Raymond on the garmenting and the high-
value cotton shirting business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So in terms of these incentives, what we have been doing is actually with the China plus 1, 
what we are truly expecting is a free trade agreement, which has been signed by Australia and 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
India. What we expect now is to happen between U.K. and EU. And that is going to give a 
significant boost and improve our cost competitiveness. So that is, for us, the biggest focus. In 
terms of our other operations, the shirting operations, the cotton, the linen, we are doing at the 
most optimum level in terms of economizing the cost and being a quality producer. 
Anushka Chitnis: 
My second question was about the real estate business. The previous target you have given in 
this call revenue target was INR 2,200 crores to INR 4,300 crores over the next 4 years or so 
and cash flows of INR 1,200 crores. Does this include the JDA in Bandra, -- if not, what would 
your revised target be? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
I don't know where you are putting these numbers from because these are all new numbers for 
us. INR 2,000 and INR 4,000... 
Harmohan Sahni: 
INR 1,200 cr and INR 4,000 cr is all relating to Thane project role. But that is going to come 
over the years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ms. Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
My first question is with regard to your export business. So what is the outlook in terms of 
these businesses considering the inflationary trends that are going on? So especially in the 
engineering business, I assume that the garmenting business, we are full with our order book, 
but in terms of the engineering business, if you could give us some guidance that would be 
helpful. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So Priyanka, as we know, that engineering business, what we are seeing, clearly, the challenge 
because we have been distributing our products into continents like Africa, Latin America, 
these countries have faced a significant challenge in the foreign exchange. So therefore, that is 
one. The second thing, there is a significant slowdown in those economies. Now because of 
that, we have seen relatively lower orders coming for the tools business. 
Now if we talk about in the auto-segment, what we are seeing is that some of the new, what we 
call launches have been delayed by the major BMW and other players have delayed in the 
European market. And that has also led for a delay in our order book. However, there is not 
going to be any change. It is only going to be shifting by 6 months to 9 months. But at the 
same time, we are seeing a very, very strong and a robust demand in the domestic segment. 
If you see, we are talking 4 million cars, a run rate of 4 million cars, the factor is at 1 million 
plus. So these are helping us and we enjoy some very significant market shares with some of 
the auto majors. Similarly, in the files and engineering business, we are seeing the -- because 
of this big infrastructure push that the drill and the cutting tools segment, we have seen a 
significant growth in that segment. So overall, balancing between the domestic and 
international, we are seeing growth. However, on an export market, you are right that there are 
certain challenges. But hopefully, in the next few quarters, we should see a better sign there. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. That's clear, sir. And sir, my second question is with regards to if you could just give us 
a sense on what has been the like-to-like growth of the same-store sales growth over the FY '20 
levels in the branded apparel space? 
Amit Agarwal: 
If I look at it, pre-COVID level, I think the whole lifestyle business has grown by more than 
15%. And in terms of the branded apparel, if I look at it, because we had certain store shuts, 
and we are doing close to 4-4.5% growth. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. So the same store sales growth should be around 4%, right?  
Sunil Kataria:  
6%.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much and looking forward to talk to you in the next quarter. Bye. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
