w _ 
AUma. MAN INFRACONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
12~h Floor, Krushal Commercial Complex, Above Shoppers Stop, G. M. Road, Chembur (West), Mumbai _ 400089. India 
0 · 9122 42463999 I Ii: 91 22 25251589 I m : office@maninfra.comI~:www.maninfra.com 1 l l www.facebook.com/maninfra 
ogth February, 2023 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051, India 
Symbol: MANINFRA 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533169 
Sub.: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015 (as amended) - Transcript 
of Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated 31st January 2023, intimating about the Q3 FY23 
Earnings Conference call for Analysts and Investors. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), the transcript of the Q3 FY23 
Earnings Conference call held on Friday, February 3rd, 2023 is enclosed. 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://www.maninfra.com/analyst-corner/. 
Kindly take same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
Durgesh Dingankar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: F7007 
Encl: As above 
CIN: L70200MH2002PLC136849 
d1 
Durgesh 
Suhas 
Dingankar
Digitally signed by Durgesh Suhas Dingankar 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=8c7b193392f7a480ae20a67e5f4add4698e
12763a58a5bc1f13f05f3ca32c043, 
postalCode=400606, street=1003, B Wing Varuna 
Bldg, Dosti Vihar,Vartak Nagar,Panchpakhadi Thane 
West,Thane,Jekegram,Thane,Thane, 
pseudonym=17975c89559739765666e56a80e7af2
5, title=9108, 
serialNumber=c14870eb41544078e6d79d2077b30
fc53c9ea8283ca9588779b67513eb334af7, 
o=Personal, cn=Durgesh Suhas Dingankar 
Date: 2023.02.08 17:06:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Man Infraconstruction Limited 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAG SHAH - CHAIRMAN EMERITUS  
MR. MANAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. ASHOK MEHTA - GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. YASHESH PAREKH - A.G.M. - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
& CORPORATE FINANCE 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Man Infraconstruction Limited Q3 & 9M 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yashesh Parekh, 
A.G.M. - Investor Relations & Corporate Finance. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Thank you Lizaan. Good afternoon everyone, a warm welcome to everyone attending the Q3 
and nine months FY2023 earnings call of Man Infraconstruction Limited. We have on the 
call Mr. Parag Shah – the Chairman Emeritus of the Company; Mr. Manan Shah – the 
Managing Director of the Company; and Mr. Ashok Mehta - the Group CFO. We must 
remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. I 
would request to refer the safe harbor statement shared in the investor presentation for the 
same. Since this is the first earnings conference call I would request Mr. Parag Shah to give 
background of the Company and the Group. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Parag Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. This is Parag Shah - Chairman Emeritus in Man Infra Limited. 
The company is popularly known as MICL Group also and we are into this business since 
last 50 years, this is a third generation business. The company was formed by my father in 
1964 subsequently I joined in 1991 and Manan has joined in 2012. The group is built on a 
solid foundation of trust, quality, excellence, innovation, and known as best ethical practice 
in the industry. We have two business verticals one is the EPC, which is the engineering, 
procurement and construction division, mainly now focus on the port sector, and some of the 
infrastructure projects, some of the government projects, and real estate projects where we 
are acting as an civil contractor also, we are a partner also, or we are a developer also. The 
EPC vertical has successfully executed complex structures, mass housing, and some of the 
tallest residential building in the metropolitan region, and have delivered till now I believe 
above 50 million square feet, and numerous landmark projects across India, mainly in the 
sector of ports, infrastructure, residential township, commercial projects, and institutional 
projects, IT projects, and futuristic lifestyle buildings. We are a one decade old in real estate 
development and are making a significant mark in this business through our quality and 
execution capability. Now I would like to hand over to Manan Shah, who is the Managing 
Director of MICL Group to take you through the business and the performance of the 
company. 
Manan Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for being with us. So, we are a very successful third 
generation family owned business and over past one decade we have achieved multiple 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
milestones as a company, as a team and as an industry leader. In last 10 years we have 
successfully diversified into real estate business, which now constitute approximately 60% 
of the revenue as on date. We have established ‘MICL’ as one of the fastest growing real 
estate developers in Mumbai region with a portfolio of about 3 million square feet of ongoing 
and upcoming projects. With organic marketing of first rate quality homes and timely delivery 
we have built a strong and reputed brand ‘Aaradhya’ under MICL banner, which is our real 
estate division and it stands for trust and quality. In such a short span, we have developed a 
goodwill among our customers, channel partners where more than 90% to 95% of our 
inventory and in some cases entire inventory is already sold out before even completing the 
entire project. The senior leadership is involved in all stages of business right from planning, 
liaising, designing, execution, sales, marketing, and we pay utmost attention for a customer 
satisfaction and we believe in after sales services as well. This has helped us to garner 
approximately a cumulative sales of more than Rs. 5,750 Crores that includes our group 
companies as of December 2022 within a short span in the real estate industry. In last 10 years 
we have delivered 10 real estate projects all being before time, and have 2.65 million square 
feet of carpet area delivered across Mumbai region. During this time we have built a robust 
business model, which is efficient and scalable as well. 
 
Talking about our EPC vertical, the EPC vertical is into contracting of ports, infrastructure, 
government projects, and our own residential projects as well. It is a debt free business with 
surplus liquidity and minimum capex required on an annual basis. This business has been 
maintaining steady margins and generating positive cash flows in the business. Recently in 
April 2022 MICL has been awarded as one of the biggest EPC orders from the port of 
Singapore authority (PSA group) worth Rs. 1,300 Crores with a development area of more 
than 110 hectares of this prestigious project. Currently the order book of the EPC business 
comprises of more than Rs. 1,325 Crores as of December 2022 with 120 hectares of port and 
infra and remaining 4.5 million square feet of ongoing residential and government projects. 
 
During the financial year of 2023, MICL has successfully delivered another project naming 
Aaradhya Highpark, which is comprising of 1.2 million square feet of construction area. 
Overall the construction of all the projects is going on as per schedule and we are proud to 
say in some of the stages we are even before schedule and we expect to complete all of them 
on time. 
 
Adding some light about the real estate business vertical. The real estate business follows an 
asset light business model where the company is involved in joint venture, joint development 
agreement, or development and marketing kind of model to derisk in the project and leverage 
on partners capabilities as well. We have adapted this model as land prices have skyrocketed 
in the past 10 years, lack of clear title of land, witnessing pain among other builders, having 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
long gestation period of approvals, taking toll on balance sheet and profitability. This strategy 
has helped us to grow as one of the fastest growing developers in the MMR and in the matter 
of one decade itself. We have also mastered the art of redevelopment projects where we are 
doing one cluster redevelopment naming Aaradhya One Earth, which comprises of 14 
buildings. Currently our focus is to grow and expand in Mumbai MMR region with a well-
diversified portfolio. Diversified customer group where we are targeting all the class where 
starting from the middle income group, the upper income group, the HNIs and even the ultra 
HNIs. We have always believed in diversification across categories as well. So we have 
always had projects, which are ranging in the mid-premium segment, the premium segment, 
and luxury segment, and now with the new projects, which we are about to launch adding the 
ultra-luxury portfolio as well. We have got diversified location as well across MMR region 
where we are based out of western suburb, central suburb, and now south Mumbai. In western 
suburb we are at Mira Bhayandar where we have got our middle income and premium mid 
segment group with the project name is ‘Aaradhya Highpark’ and ‘Aaradhya Parkwood’. We 
are based out of Vile Parle as well, which is ‘Insignia’ project, which is our luxury project. 
We have also launched recently a project in Juhu which is our ultra-luxury project which is 
named ‘Aaradhya Evoq’. 
 
Talking about central suburb we are based out of Mulund where we have got high rise 
buildings and the project name is Atmosphere. This is in a joint development partnership. We 
have also got another project in Ghatkopar, which is a cluster redevelopment of more than 14 
buildings clubbed in together making it one big gated community which is named ‘Aaradhya 
One Earth’. We have also established in South Mumbai where we are coming up at Tardeo, 
which is going to be the ultra-luxury project of our company, which we are going to launch 
soon. In all we have got 3 million square feet of portfolio in ongoing, upcoming projects and 
have another 1.7 million square feet of projects in the pipeline. 
 
I would like to add some highlights about our business regarding the ongoing projects 
performances where we have sold 2.65 million square feet of carpet area with a cumulative 
sales of approximately Rs. 5700 Crores as of December 2022. Over last few years real estate 
demand has been resilient and have maintained similar momentum in nine months FY2023 
as well. We have been maintaining more than Rs. 1,000 Crores of sales run rate since the last 
two years and have achieved Rs. 742 Crores of sales in the nine months of FY2023. 
 
During the financial year of FY2023 we have launched 3 new projects across different 
categories with a carpet area measuring of approximately more than 7 lakh square feet. This 
has been a record launch for MICL group in one year, we are only two months away from 
completing the year. We have got our recent launches of Dahisar, which is ‘Aaradhya 
Parkwood’ and another in Juhu which is ‘Aaradhya Evoq’, and ‘Atmosphere’ where we are 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
adding another tower in the project. ‘Aaradhya Parkwood’ which is the middle income group 
project at Mira Bhayandar which we launched in December is already 40% sold out which is 
more than 1 lakh square foot in just 15 days and the Juhu project that we launched is also 
more than 60% sold out till date. 
 
In terms of project completion and deliveries we have delivered more than 5.3 lakh square 
feet of carpet area all before time. Aaradhya Highpark project which is our Mira Bhayandar 
project has received OC recently for the phase one development, which comprises of four 
towers and a commercial tower, and we are very proud to say that this has also completed 
before time and in a record-breaking timeline which is more than 16 months. Aaradhya 
Eastwind project, which is our project based out of Vikhroli also has received OC in this 
financial year, and we have been proud to say that, that project is completely sold out and 
even this project is delivered before time which was 17 months before the schedule. So 
possession of both projects have been going on and it has been getting completed. We are 
also in receipt of OC for one of the towers in Aaradhya One Earth project where we are going 
to hand over and deliver three towers in Aaradhya One Earth, which is at Ghatkopar and that 
is in the progress. 
 
Sharing some light about our upcoming projects. We expect to launch Tardeo project which 
is going to be one of its kind and first ultra-luxury project of MICL group measuring around 
6.5 lakh square feet of carpet area, and it is due in probably in Q4 of FY2023. We are very 
excited to expand our footprint in South Mumbai and we are still looking out aggressively 
for a few more projects.  
 
Talking about our international portfolio, which is United States of America. We have 
expanded our footprint over there, and it has been in demand since then. We have expanded 
in the city of Miami which is in the state of Florida. The strategy is very simple where we 
have derisked ourselves by strategizing and tying up with a local partner named Location 
Ventures, which is a very reputed brand and based out of Miami, and one of our projects has 
also gained strategic partnership with ‘Marriott’ group and we are launching our ‘Edition 
Residences’ soon, which is the first project in that location of Florida. This project is on the 
waterfront and it is completely surrounded by natural surroundings and it has got more than 
65 luxury residential units. The total area would comprise of approximately 175,000 square 
feet. Talking about another project in Miami, we have an upcoming project on Miami Beach 
named URBIN Miami, which is going to be a commercial leased model where the concept is 
unique of co-live, co-work, and an extended stay hotel alongside wellness amenities. All of 
these in one building at a very prime location of Miami Beach. This project is currently at an 
initial stage and it has gone for approvals. We have also taken up another project in the city 
of Coral Gables where we are coming up with a super luxury condominium apartments and 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
it is going to have more than 80 units with a total sale area of more than 250,000 square feet. 
This project is also under the approval status. We have got another project in the city of Miami 
where we are building boutique residential bungalows, with the total area approximately 
would be around 6,000 square feet. 
 
Overall if I share some light on the investments. The company has invested around $20 
million in the US portfolio, and we see an excellent potential and expect very good margins 
coming out of these projects. The expected project timeline should vary between three to five 
years from now. We are open for questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Vipul Sanghvi from Systematix Shares. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Sanghvi: 
Hi! Good afternoon Parag Bhai and Manan Bhai. Congratulations on a great set of numbers 
and congrats as well on the very detailed and exhaustive investor presentation. First time 
listening to the company’s business so my basic question is around the share of business 
between real estate and EPC you mentioned that real estate currently is at 60% of the overall 
revenue and is growing very fast so how do we see say over next three to five years, will real 
estate have the dominant share of business, will it move to something like 75%, 80% of the 
total business and EPC will remain more like an execution part of the business? 
Parag Shah: 
Basically, see we are into EPC business since 1964 and EPC business is still on. We are more 
focused on the EPC business where we are partnering into a project, we take up a project for 
various developers also, but now we are intending to take the projects only where we are 
having a partnership in a project or we are doing our own projects. We do every construction 
on our own, we have our own plant machinery & equipment, and we do not sublet anything 
except the labor contract. Port sector is a niche business for us and since 1997 onwards we 
are continuously doing the ports. This PSA port which is the second phase which we got, first 
phase also we constructed, and this is the 8th port till now which we are doing. We are much 
hopeful on our port sector. We are doing some of the reputed projects from government also. 
We are doing one of the large projects called Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation 
where 123 buildings which were handed over, and the second phase and third phase is under 
construction. The EPC business will also continue, but as in margin point of view or as in 
turnover point of view of course this real estate sector will be more. 
Vipul Sanghvi: 
So you mean to say that share of real estate in overall revenue and profitability will steadily 
be going up from here that is what the summary? 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Parag Shah: 
Yes. According to me like we have a pipeline of next five to seven years projects which we 
are already having in hands, because this Mira Bhayandar we had handed over the four 
building we got the OC and handed over the flats. The other two buildings are under 
construction, which we are expecting to complete in next around 15 months’ time. We are 
launching another project – ‘Aaradhya Parkwood’, which we have already launched, the 
construction will start in next 10 to 15 days’ time. There in the first two building there are 
567 flats are there, out of that I think around 250 flats plus till date we have already sold, and 
we have a third phase also at Mira Bhayandar. So I think the Mira Bhayandar we are having 
a pipeline till at least 2027-2028. Juhu project we should be able to complete by next financial 
year. Vile Parle we are starting second phase, the first phase is nearer to completion, we are 
expecting the OC within a month’s time and the second phase we will be able to start which 
is approximate 3.5 lakh square feet, which we are expecting to start in next two months’ time. 
So that project will also go on for next four years where we are EPC contractor also and where 
we are a DM model partner also with the developer. The similar way we are doing the Tardeo 
projects, which is one of the high rise building and maybe one of the tallest building of 
Mumbai. We recently got the permission of 300 meter plus height. There also we are EPC 
contractor also and we are a DM model partner also. So that project will go on for at least 
next six to seven years’ time. Ghatkopar project we were doing 14 buildings, out of that the 
five building, which we were supposed to construct for the tenants and nine building for sale. 
Out of that five tenant buildings and three sale buildings, we have received OC three days 
back. The balance construction will go on and by the end of this December I think we are 
expecting to complete that project. We are also a partner in Atmosphere project which is at 
Mulund where we have handed over three buildings of 44 storeys. The other two building of 
48 storeys RCC work is completed and we are expecting to complete in the next 12 months’ 
time. The other two buildings which we have started are also residential of 48 storeys and 
another one commercial building is under construction. This is of around 23-24 storeys 
building out of which some 17-18 storey construction is already completed. The Mulund 
project also we expect to complete in next three-and-a-half years. So we have an EPC pipeline 
of our in-house projects also or we are a partner or we are a DM model partner. So for next 
five years we have an EPC contract order book and we are definitely looking for a new 
project.  
 
Debt is more or less zero. We were having some loan at Mira Bhayandar approximate Rs.274 
Crores out of that Rs.100 Crores has been paid in this quarter already, and we are expecting 
to pay off the balance Rs.174 Crores also by this month end. We believe that by the end of 
this March, Man Infra as a Group company also or a subsidy companies also will become a 
debt free company. 
Vipul Sanghvi: 
Alright Parag Bhai thank you for a detailed answer and wish you all the best. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Gupta from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Parth Gupta: 
Hi! Good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity. Firstly I would like to ask about your 
strategy in real estate. So as you pointed out multiple points in doing own land projects about 
the negatives that it has and why you chose to go with an asset light model, but in a market 
where demand is picking up post COVID and the projects are doing well so don’t you think 
that the absolute return could be more maximized through projects done on own land because 
recently a lot of developers have been taking up land in Mumbai, so just wanted to get your 
take on that? 
Parag Shah: 
See the Mulund project which we are doing, which is the own land where we have three 
partners are there and that land is belongs to us. Mira Bhayandar project is the joint venture 
model where we are sharing the topline with the landlord and we are doing some of the 
redevelopment projects in Mumbai and the DM model, but we strongly believe that rather 
than purchasing the land and investing a huge amount of money in a land we are more focused 
on DM model and such type of opportunity, ample of opportunities are available we have the 
less investments are there, but the same type of margins you have been able to get. 
Parth Gupta: 
So going forward it will continue to be more of an asset light approach? 
Parag Shah: 
That is what we are targeting, but if we are getting some land at the cheaper price we are open 
to do that also because we will become a debt free and we do not have a loan of any institute, 
any bank, or any individuals so we are free to change our model also as and when required, 
but as on today I believe that this model is the perfect model for us. 
Parth Gupta: 
Understood and Sir just to understand if you were to go on a land acquisition project so what 
kind of debt levels are you comfortable with for your balance sheet to acquire such lands? 
Parag Shah: 
There is no such norms for a debt level, but practically our company was always a debt free 
and historically debt free. We just took a loan in one of the projects actually it was not a loan 
it was a partnership arrangement, but arrangement was in the terms of loan which we are 
clearing up. So we do not have a limitation we would not go for a debt, but as on today we 
do not think we will require a debt. So we are not looking, we are just tying up with the banks 
for always the construction finance, just for the smooth process of the work, that is all. 
Otherwise we are not taking the loans for purchasing the land. 
Parth Gupta: 
Sir, secondly on the competitive outlook so being a resident of Mumbai we are seeing more 
and more developers coming up, and adding project in Mumbai. So what kind of pressure is 
that putting on acquiring new deals especially under JV or asset light model? 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Parag Shah: 
So in our case competition we do not believe because most of the developers are not EPC 
contractor. If you see 100 developers in Mumbai out of these 100, 98 developers are 
outsourcing the work to some of the contractor and they are looking for a company like Man 
Infra somewhere, where we have in-house construction facility, we have our own plant 
machinery, we have our own shuttering, and we are fully equipped with manpower also. So 
I believe that we are one of the most competitive in that terms. Also, Man Infra has gained 
that much marketability that we are getting premium rates compared to the surrounding 
properties in every location whether it is Mira Bhayandar, whether it is Ghatkopar, whether 
it is Mulund, whether it is Juhu. We have been able to govern our premium. 
Parth Gupta: 
Understood. So sort of a one stop shop for anyone looking to put up a new project, so it 
becomes an advantage to partner for them as well. Understood your point Sir and lastly on a 
project specific question so the Evoq project and Parkwood so both of these have seen great 
traction on launch; however, the Atmosphere project in Mulund, so there the sales are lagging 
a bit in terms of launch in April 2022 and around one sixth of the project is sold as of now 
whereas I think another phase of the project was launched last year which is now 80% sold 
so could you please comment on that situation? 
Manan Shah: 
So Atmosphere project that you are talking about see Mulund being a very, very competitive 
market. Every year there are tons of developers coming and launching multiple projects on 
it. Now we have launched Atmosphere phase one successfully sold out, OC received handed 
over everything is done then we launched Atmosphere O2 out of which two towers were 
launched where we are successfully sold, we have launched a third tower and now it is the 
final tower that we have launched which is the G tower. There also the traction has just begun, 
but when we are comparing suburbs like when we compare western to eastern suburb or 
central to eastern there is a difference in the absorption rate which we have always observed. 
But I do not see it as a challenge, it is just Mulund takes slightly more time because 
availability of inventory is too much in the market whereas in the central and the western 
suburbs the inventory is slightly lesser available which makes the sales much more faster as 
well. 
Parth Gupta: 
Got your point. Thank you so much for answering my questions. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question on the order book movement on the quarter-to-
quarter basis it has declined so what is our outlook on the order inflow in the coming quarter 
or 12 month perspective on the order inflow side, on the EPC side of the business? 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Ashok Mehta: 
On the EPC front and all that the order book which we are seeing now is from the port project 
and the real estate development project what we are doing. As far as the ongoing thing is 
concerned as Parag Bhai mentioned we have our internal work as well lot of work and big 
construction area wherein it does not come up in the order book, but these are the projects 
which are executed in house that is one thing. We are also working on some of the infra 
projects where things are in pipeline and all that, but we cannot discuss and disclose at this 
point of time. So focus as we mentioned as Parag Bhai mentioned is in both, but we will be 
definitely selective it is not that we want to take each and every order or go for each and every 
order. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Second question from May 4, 2022 when we saw the interest rate increase in the system how 
much price increase we have taken on our key real estate projects, what percentage of price 
increase we have taken from that timeframe basically? 
Ashok Mehta: 
Interest rate on our borrowing? 
Manish Ostwal: 
No, my question is in the market the interest rate has increased so the question is from a 
demand perspective the interest rate has increased the EMI of the consumer has increased and 
in that period how much price realization we have gained against our like-to-like basis on 
those projects which we are currently operating? 
Manan Shah: 
Because of the interest rate going nominally high it has frankly not affected the demand much 
neither the pricing segment in the market. Prices have been stable enough and absorption has 
also been constant because post that also we launched this project, which is at Mira Bhayandar 
where home loan plays a very key important factor, but people are very comfortable with the 
interest rate that is going on and the price that we have launched at. So it has not impacted 
our pricing where we had to discount because their pricing of the home loans went up. 
Manish Ostwal: 
No, the question is other way around the question is like are we able to increase the price the 
way we were doing before or the pace of the increase has decreased or not so can you 
comment on that piece? 
Manan Shah: 
Comparing project-to-project yes we have been increasing the price like earlier where if I 
give you an example of Mira Bhayandar project the pricing was x when we launched the 
phase one then we increase the price by certain percentage and when we launched phase two 
the price is even further more and now since the project is ready position the pricing is almost 
gone significantly higher than the under construction project. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Thank you Sir and all the very best and excellent set of numbers for the quarter and the nine 
month. Thank you. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is in the line of Jay Shah from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jay Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. First is we do not see any land 
bank mentioned in your presentation can you please elaborate on your approach towards the 
real estate segment on that? 
Parag Shah: 
I had already mentioned that we are either working on redevelopment projects, majorly in 
Mumbai or we are on a DM model except the Mulund project where we own the land. We do 
not own the land in any of the projects, so there would not be a land bank you will be able to 
show it in a balance sheet. 
Jay Shah: 
Second would be working on asset light model what is our approach in some of the ongoing 
projects where we have 100% stake, also can you provide some insight into the cost structure 
and your operating model in these projects? 
Ashok Mehta: 
See basically in redevelopment projects and when you buy a land the biggest difference is the 
investment in the land which we do. Rest of the construction cost, premium, and rest are same 
in line with any other project. So initial capital outlay which you do not have to do anywhere 
because of that you save on lot of finance cost and finance burden as well that is how it helps 
improve the project. Secondly the redevelopment project one of the good part about that is 
we are not worried about the title of the land and all that especially when there are MHADA 
redevelopment and all that. So these are absolutely clear title project. So the number wise the 
biggest difference comes in terms of initial outlay, and finance cost associated with that, rest 
of the cost in terms of construction, premium are all the same. 
Jay Shah: 
Lastly your nine months FY2023 revenue have grown significantly so what is your outlook 
going forward in terms of your revenue visibility and what would be the key projects driving 
growth going forward? 
Ashok Mehta: 
See because all the projects are already launched they are all achieved good sales as well and 
the revenue recognition has already started, so we are definitely seeing to maintain the growth 
and the pace and everything in the coming few years as well based on the projects what we 
already have in hand. So the projects which are because all the projects have started, 
approvals are in place, construction is going at full pace, sales has also happened so we are 
definitely positive about the future sales, and the increase in the sales as well. 
Jay Shah: 
Okay, thank you. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move onto the next question that is from the line of Hardik Gori from 
Alpha Plus Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Gori: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. You have been shifting your focus 
towards real estate segment, but if you look at it from Q3 FY2022 and Q3 FY2020 revenue 
has declined on a year-on-year basis so some light on that would be helpful? 
Parag Shah: 
Actually the revenue has not been declined. Last year we were having a onetime income. In 
last financial we were having one large claim from a government which we got settled after 
five years. So last year in the second quarter we got almost it was more than Rs.100 Crores 
PBT was added because of that project at PAT level. 
Hardik Gori: 
Second question pertains to you expanding in markets like Miami, but there is still scope of 
expanding in other geographies in India so just wanted to understand your thoughts on the 
same? 
Parag Shah: 
We are definitely doing the work in Mumbai and we believe that at present our business 
model will not permit us to go outside Mumbai because the Mumbai market is such that 
whatever product you are constructing ultimately there is a sale, it is not such type of sale you 
will ever see in two tier cities. Miami is another focus which we did with the local partners 
over there and my younger son is also over there who is looking after the projects from there. 
So, basically in Miami we are doing 2 projects in Miami one at Fort Lauderdale and another 
one at Coral Gables but all of these projects are in Florida. Definitely we have started looking 
after the other geographies in US also maybe in New York also but that is under negotiation 
and that is under the discussion as it has not yet materialized. 
Hardik Gori: 
Thank you and that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move onto the next question that is from the line of Tushar Sarda from 
Athena Investments. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to know what is your revenue recognition do you 
follow percentage of completion or you follow projectcompletion method? 
Ashok Mehta: 
We follow percentage completion. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Is there some way to estimate the NPV of real estate projects that are going on the current 
value discounted? 
Ashok Mehta: 
That can be done yes. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Tushar Sarda: 
Can I get in touch with your team offline to understand that? 
Ashok Mehta: 
Yes, sure. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you very much and congratulations on good set of number. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruvesh Sanghvi from Prospero Tree. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
I just wanted to understand on two areas that because we are doing projects in Mumbai and 
generally we have higher margins in Mumbai can we say that broadly the margin profile of 
the future projects will increase to maybe 30% or 40% over time or this 25% to 27% is the 
reasonable number to expect? 
Parag Shah: 
Sir, that depends every project-to-project, if you ask me offline I can say you yes, but I would 
not like to commit any such type of commitment. This all depends on the project and all 
depends on the market. There will always be a market risk also, and demand and supply will 
also be there, but depending on the projects wherever we are doing the project like we are 
doing the project in South Mumbai where we are our investment is very low because of DM 
model, but we are getting a DM fees on our topline so again the investment the margins will 
look much higher. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Parag Bhai one more part in terms of presales. So generally most of the real estate companies 
talk in terms of presales that they would like to achieve ex-amount of presales per year is 
there something on that kind of lines that you can suggest that? 
Parag Shah: 
No, we do not believe in that. We are a hardworking people, we work from morning to 
evening, and we believe in God. So like everyone wants to become a top man, but that is only 
to talk basically collect this will be my presale, if I will be able to achieve you will say good, 
if I will not be able to achieve what you will be able to do. So rather than doing that we do 
not give such type of commitments to anyone. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
In terms of number of projects, which probably as a company we can undertake at a point in 
time can we say that in Mumbai alone we can do 10 projects, 15 projects of decent size not 
very small individual buildings of redevelopment, but let us say the cluster development that 
we are doing in Dahisar, Ghatkopar something like that can be achieved or in micro market 
location possibility? 
Parag Shah: 
Few years ago when we were doing only EPC contracting and we were not a developer, at 
that time we used to do 18-20 projects also at that time. So we have a capacity as I mentioned 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
earlier, that we have all the machinery, plant, equipment, shuttering, manpower and luckily 
we have a team trained under the EPC business. So we are very cost conscious also because 
we used to work under Rs.200 and Rs.300 margin before as a contractor. Because my contract 
size was Rs.2000 a square feet. If I was making 10%, 15% profit out of that so the margin 
was Rs.200 to Rs.300 a square feet so my team is trained accordingly. We have a capacity to 
increase four, five projects also very smoothly and easily, but we always take up the projects 
not only in terms of execution capability, a finance capacity also, and we would like to 
maintain our balance sheet. We would not like to go on a heavy debts and all. It is a dividend 
paying company, every year we pay dividend. My house, Manan house runs on a dividend. 
We believe that we should make a current money also as well as future money. We do not 
believe only in future. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Thanks a lot. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Megh Shah from Prospero Tree. Please go 
ahead. 
Megh Shah: 
I had a few questions about Maitri project in Chembur park redevelopment project, you have 
mentioned that project in Q1 investor presentation, but there has been no mention of it in Q2 
or Q3 so why is it that way and what is the current status? 
Parag Shah: 
We are almost on the sign of merge of DA, there are some dispute among some of the 
members of the redevelopment and we are trying to sort it out that issue, but that project is 
yet not materialized. 
Megh Shah: 
So when are we expecting it to materialize? 
Parag Shah: 
It was supposed to be expected before six months so we are struggling on that. 
Megh Shah: 
Another question about the Tardeo project what exactly is the DM model? 
Parag Shah: 
In a DM model we invest the money. If any debt is required the debt will be taken on a land 
or on a balance sheet of a developer. It will be the responsibility of a developer. We will be 
only a co-guarantor. Whatever money we invest on that we charge them 14% interest, plus 
on our topline sale whatever the sale will happen on that we charge them 12.6% DM fees. 
Over and above that whatever the EPC contract work will be there on cost plus 10% will be 
charged. So there will be three types of money we will be getting. On our investment we are 
getting 14% interest, on our topline we are getting 12.6%, and on our EPC contract we are 
getting 10%. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Megh Shah: 
Continuing on the Tardeo project is the entire 6.5 lakh square feet saleable because it is a 
redevelopment project so is the entire salable to new customers or what portion of it is to be 
given to the old tenant? 
Parag Shah: 
As far as the EPC contracting will be there it is a 14 lakh square feet because it will require a 
tenant construction also there are three buildings one is a tenant building and two is a sale 
building plus the parking portion. So total construction area will be 14 lakh square feet, the 
carpet sellable area is around 654,000 square feet. 
Megh Shah: 
What are the revenue and margin potential for the Tardeo project? 
Parag Shah: 
On 14 lakh square feet we estimate approximate cost of construction is Rs.5000 a square feet 
so on that will be earning 10% so around Rs.500 per square feet on a 14 lakh square feet. We 
have invested somewhere around 200 Crores plus on that 14% interest is payable. Whenever 
the cash flow will be available we will take out our money first and final money will go to 
the developer. First we will take out our EPC contracting money, second we will be charging 
them interest, third we will be charging them DM fees, and then whatever the left out will be 
there that will go to the developer. 
Megh Shah: 
Okay, got it. That was it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Vijay Kamtekar an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Niraj Vijay Kamtekar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, do we have any inventory on completed project? 
Parag Shah: 
Luckily in most of the projects, we have sold 100%. We got the OC before three days for our 
Ghatkopar project 3 building, which was the sale building, all three buildings are 100% sold. 
We got the OC of our Vikhroli project called ‘Aaradhya Eastwind’ before three months that 
was also 100% sold before OC. We got the OC of ‘Atmosphere’ project 3 building before a 
year and I think two flats are left over there, balance all was sold. We got the OC of Dahisar 
project before two months, Dahisar means we are calling Mira Bhayandar as Dahisar only, 
as it adjoining Dahisar. There also everything has been sold. In past whichever the projects 
we completed we do not have any inventory. 
Niraj Vijay Kamtekar: 
Will the current run rate of 200 Crores plus revenue recognition from real estate is to be 
maintained? 
Parag Shah: 
We believe yes, it is easy to be able to achieve that. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Niraj Vijay Kamtekar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruvesh Sanghvi from Prospero Tree. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Just generally asking from an industry perspective with the interest rate increase in the recent 
times what is your feeling in terms of overall market change because there is almost 200 basis 
points or 2% increase in the overall interest? 
Parag Shah: 
Luckily according to my understanding or whatever we discussed with among various 
developers. No one has got any hit because of the interest increase because the demand is 
there since last one-and-a-half year of post COVID. The size of the flat is also increased and 
salability has also been increased. So because of the interest rate has gone up we have not 
seen anywhere where the sale has slow down. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Again this is broadly again to do with a broader language of the industry. Let us say you said 
use the words Rs.5000 per square feet as the cost is this the pure labor construction material 
cost or does it also include the premium when the general language of per square feet is more? 
Parag Shah: 
No it does not include the premium, it is EPC contract. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
So when we use things let us say cities like Ahmedabad or Hyderabad or Bengaluru where 
most of the people use language as 2000 or Rs.2000 per square feet of cost because generally 
in the past we used to hear that for a 25, 30, 40 storey building this is the broad range of cost. 
Has the cost overall for the industry has increased so much that it reaches now 4000, 5000 
per square feet or this is the ultra-premium and therefore it is 5000? 
Parag Shah: 
No, generally it is the thumb rule, so we cannot take its norms, but by the thumb rule. 
Generally between till 20 storey building now because there is a cost of GST also has been 
added of almost Rs.300 per square feet the cost has shot up, so up to 20 storey building normal 
cost Rs.2500 to Rs.3000 a square feet cost of construction is there in Mumbai. If you are 
constructing between 40, 45 storey building the cost comes between Rs.4000 to Rs.4800 a 
square feet depending on your specification and the high rise building there are few buildings 
in Mumbai where the cost of construction is going more than Rs.20000 a square feet also, but 
a thumb rule is Rs.5000 to Rs.6000 a square feet the cost can be fitted. Because most of the 
developers in EPC contracting when ‘Man’ is doing the EPC contract the lift does not come 
under the money. Any developer we would like to take directly a lift from ‘Schindler’ or 
‘Otis’ or ‘Mitsubishi’ or any other company. The cost of the lift where in some of the bought 
out items, some of the garden items, that generally developer does on their own, but in a high 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
rise building the cost of construction to a developer where the 50 storey plus buildings are 
there the cost of the developer would be somewhere around Rs.6000 square feet. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Again connected to the same thing because just as an example let us say when you said that 
there is a 15 lakh or approximately that number as a square feet to be built for that entire 
Tardeo project, so again is this the carpet area that we generally speak or this is a salable 
equivalent area that we speak? 
Parag Shah: 
No it is a construction area and these are all is different. The saleable area is different, carpet 
area is different, construction area is different. Construction area means out-to-out 
measurement of the building which includes the basement, which includes the parking, which 
includes the amenities, which includes that if there is a tenant building. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Then when we say 650000 a square feet which is salable again this might not be carpet this 
is salable? 
Parag Shah: 
No, that is a carpet salable. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Thank you Parag Bhai. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will be taking the last question that is from the line of 
Niraj Vijay Kamtekar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Vijay Kamtekar: 
What is the broad guideline on real estate margin on ongoing project? 
Parag Shah: 
We have been able to maintain generally this 27%, 28% till now we have been able to 
maintain, but as I answered already this question before also, that there cannot be any thumb 
rule on that. It is always case-to-case which type of properties are there because see some of 
the building in South Mumbai where the per square feet area the rate is going on Rs.150,000, 
Rs.125,000 per square feet, where the cost of construction will shot up maybe by Rs.3000 a 
square feet, so all depends on where we have purchased the land, what is the cost of your 
land, what is the premiums you had paid. So there cannot be any thumb rule. Because the cost 
will always be vary between developer-to-developer, site-to-site, and location-to-location. 
Niraj Vijay Kamtekar: 
Thank you and all the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Jhaveri from Meridian Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Yash Jhaveri: 
Hi! Sir. Just to follow up to the question on cost the numbers that you mentioned is just the 
civil construction cost or it includes finishing like painting, tiling, bathroom, etc.? 
Parag Shah: 
When I am talking say around Rs.4000 to Rs.5000 a square feet cost that includes everything. 
It is also depending on one what you are asking if you are asking the question on EPC contract 
side then it would not cross Rs.3000, but if you are asking the cost on the developer side it 
can go to Rs.5000 to Rs.6000 because in the EPC contract everything does not come under 
the same contract many developers give plumbing contract to someone else, electrical 
contract to someone else, lift someone else. 
Yash Jhaveri: 
I am asking from a developer point of view. 
Parag Shah: 
The developer point of view as I mentioned you have to consider in Mumbai a good quality 
construction between 30 to 40 storey building you should count around Rs.4000 to Rs.4500 
a square feet on a construction area. 
Yash Jhaveri: 
Construction area is generally higher than carpet area? 
Parag Shah: 
It is generally 1.5 times to 2.5 times depending on the planning, depending on how much high 
rise is that because if there is a building is high rise you may require two lifts or a more lift, 
2 staircase, your passage width will be minimum 6 feet, your staircase width will be minimum 
5 feet so this all depends on the norm which building you are constructing, how many storey 
building you are constructing, but in tall buildings like 40 storey plus the thumb rule is 2.4 
times excluding any tenant. 
Yash Jhaveri: 
So effectively for Man’s portfolio in Mumbai the cost as a developer would range from 2000 
to maybe 5000, 6000 is that right? 
Parag Shah: 
Yes. 
Yash Jhaveri: 
For like say ultra-luxury like Tardeo it would be higher amongst it may or not? 
Parag Shah: 
Tardeo one if you want to consider the cost on only carpet saleable areas then it will cost 
around Rs.14000 a square feet, but if you talk about the cost of construction area then it will 
be somewhere around Rs.5000 to Rs.6000 a square feet. 
Yash Jhaveri: 
This is plus premium, so that is separate? 
Parag Shah: 
Yes. Plus premium, plus land cost, plus architect cost, plus the various consultant cost, plus 
out of pocket expense. 

 
  
 
Man Infraconstruction Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Yash Jhaveri: 
Thank you. Thank you for clarifying Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Parag Shah: 
Ashok Bhai would you like to say anything. 
Ashok Mehta: 
No, Parag Bhai it is fine just basically just to mention that the way the company has been 
managing the balance sheet even through thick and thin from the beginning, maintaining the 
liquidity, maintaining the profitability, maintaining the dividend distribution, and growing, 
and performing, and executing all the projects before time. So we definitely would like to 
also thank the management for this and all the team and the staff member. And any questions 
to anybody further they can connect us directly, we have given the contact number of IR Mr. 
Yashesh as well, and we will be more than happy to answer all your questions. Thank you 
very much and thank you for joining us. 
Parag Shah: 
Thank you all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
