 
18th February 2023   
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building,  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543523 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
SYMBOL: CAMPUS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of the Earnings Call held with 
Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Conference Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 14th February 2023 and the same is also 
available on the Company’s website i.e. www.campusactivewear.com.   
 
This is for your information and records please. 
 
Thanking you 
 
For CAMPUS ACTIVEWEAR LIMITED 
 
 
 
Archana Maini  
General Counsel & Company Secretary  
Membership No. A16092 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
ARCHAN
A MAINI
Digitally signed 
by ARCHANA 
MAINI 
Date: 2023.02.18 
11:21:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
Campus Activewear Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Feb 14, 2023 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Campus Activewear Limited's Q3FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch tone phone. Before we proceed on this call, let me remind you that the discussion may 
contain forward looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and 
other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, 
performance, or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward looking statements. The Campus Activewear’s management team is represented by Mr. 
Raman Chawla, CFO and Mr. Piyush Singh, Chief Strategy Officer. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Piyush Singh, Chief Strategy Officer for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Piyush Singh:  
Thanks, Mike. Welcome and thanks everyone for joining our third quarter of FY23 earnings call 
today. Our CEO, Mr Nikhil Agarwal, is under the weather due to viral fever and would not be able 
to join today's call. We apologise for this inadvertent change on his behalf and wish him a speedy 
recovery. Now we are very delighted to share that our quarterly performance has not only 
maintained our progress on the growth trajectory and demonstrated a material uptick in our 
profitability trend visibly last quarter, despite inflationary macro environment and transient 
demand, contraction in rural and semi urban areas, which is still not out of the woods in our opinion. 
We are very bullish on the long term growth and profitability prospects of both the sports and 
athleisure industry in general and Campus group in specific. There has been a sustained 
improvement in our year to date financials for FY 23, exhibiting marked improvement in our top 
line and profitable growth across all our revenue streams as compared to the same period last year 
which was actually supported by pent up demand tailwinds last year with markets opening after 
second official lockdown in India on account of COVID-19.  
Now coming to the quarter, Q3FY23 we sold more than 7 million pairs at an aggregate level, thereby 
clocking net income of INR 466 crores registering a YoY growth of almost 7.5% versus Q3FY22 where 
the top line was INR 433 crores. While the trade distribution has de-grown by ~13.5% on account 
of higher base, then lower primary uptake on account of channel partners. Taking a cautiously 
optimistic view on account of slower than expected demand recovery, especially in Tier 2 and 3 
cities in semi urban centers, our direct-to-consumer channels, have delivered robust growth to file 

Page 2 of 11 
 
of more than 46% on a YOY basis versus Q3FY 22 supported by sustained secondary consumption 
by end consumers.  
With sales of 7 million pairs in Q3 FY23, we registered our YOY volumetric growth of roughly 6% in 
comparison to Q3FY22. Our quarterly ASP has also grown at 1.5% from INR 657 in Q3 FY22 to INR 
669 per pair in Q3 FY23. Despite the challenging inflationary environment, our balance sheet 
demonstrates the possession of strength with robust return ratios such as ROCE and ROE at 27% 
and 25% respectively. On a year to date basis, all our distribution channels, category cohorts and 
pricing segments have demonstrated robust growth both in terms of volume and value despite the 
challenging operating environment impacted by supply chain disruption and inflationary trends 
basis price segments. Our sales trends have exhibited sustained premiumization on a YTD 9M FY23 
vis-a-vis FY 22 full year, wherein sales contribution from semi premium and premium categories 
have increased from 64% in FY 22 full year to 72.5% in 9M FY23.  
Similarly, on a category basis, revenue mix across men, women and kids have improved from 84% 
for men, vis a vis 16% for other categories in FY 22 full year to 80:20 in 9M FY23. On a trailing 12-
month basis, revenue from operations have increased by 25% YoY to INR 1,489 crores as compared 
1,194 crores for FY22. Similarly, TTM trailing 12 months EBITDA stood at INR 278 crores as compared 
to 244 crores in FY22, demonstrating a 14% YoY growth. Our TTM9MFY23 EBITDA margin stood at 
18.7% vis-a-vis 20.4% in FY22, this marks a material improvement in our margin profile as compared 
to the last quarter. On the supply chain front, while prices have softened a bit for a few input raw 
materials, we continue to stay cautious on the uncertain in inflationary environment in the near 
medium term, ensuring raw material and semi-finished goods availability above everything else to 
maximise sales potential in the coming quarters. We continue to maintain a close watch on all our 
input costs and are confident of restoring our trend line growth trajectory and margin profile in the 
near to medium term. I will now hand it over to our CFO, Mr. Raman Chawla, to take you through 
more details on Q3 FY23 performance.  
Raman Chawla:  
Thanks so much, Piyush. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q3 FY23 earnings call of 
Campus Activewear Ltd. During the quarter under review, Campus as a brand demonstrated a lot 
of resilience. Campus delivered profitable top line growth and protected bottom line profitability 
while ensuring requisite investments in future capacity and brand building, which is essential for 
sustained growth and margin recovery. Revenue from operations increased by 7.5% YoY to 466 
crores during the quarter with both channels, trade distribution and D2C exhibiting profitability in 
this quarter despite industry de-growth in mass and mass premium segment across select 
consumption cohorts across India.  
EBITDA during Q3 FY23 was at INR 92.8 crores as compared to INR 93.3 crores in Q3 FY22. Our 
EBITDA margins stood at 19.9% for this quarter versus 21.5% in Q3 FY22. Our net profit during Q3 
FY23 stood at 48.3 crores as compared to 54.7 crores in Q3 FY22. Our Q3 FY23 sales volumes 

Page 3 of 11 
 
registered 7 million pairs as against 6.6 million pairs in Q3 FY22, thereby generating a ~6% YoY 
volume growth. Our Q3 FY23 aggregated ASP stood at INR 669 per pair versus INR 657 per pair in 
Q3 FY22, thereby resulting in almost 1.8% YoY ASP growth. On the balance sheet side, our net debt 
has increased marginally from INR 174 crores at FY22 to 187 crores as at 31st of December 22. Our 
net debt to EBITDA ratio is constant at 0.7x in FY22 and in TTM9MFY23. Similarly, our return on 
capital employed has been maintained at 27% in TTM9MFY23 and we managed to deliver a robust 
return on equity of 25% in TTM9MFY23. With this, I'll conclude and hand over to the operator for 
question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question & answer session. We have the first question on the 
line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital, please go ahead.  
Ankit Kedia:  
I wanted to understand the underlying demand in the trade distribution channel. We have seen a 
14% decline in revenue this quarter. So what has happened in the North market last quarter, we 
are a 7% growth? So is there any because of the pricing action causing the decline or is because of 
the primary and secondary mismatch.  
Piyush Singh:  
Hi Ankit, the demand contraction is not only because of macro factor, it's also by virtue of a higher 
base last year wherein we saw a lot of pent up demand coming our way in Q3 FY22 so on that higher 
base we have seen slight contraction in some of the select cohorts like Uttar Pradesh and parts of 
North India because these markets are still sluggish in terms of their overall recovery especially in 
Tier 2 Tier 3 markets. That said, we are seeing relatively positive trend line in terms of their recovery, 
but believe that it will take another quarter for us to kind of maintain this. There's been no adverse 
pricing action that the company has taken on the existing portfolio so far and we have maintained 
this approach because of the sluggishness in demand in these markets, the channel has been slightly 
more sensitive to this aspect and that's why we have kind of curtailed from any pricing increase in 
in our existing portfolio.  
Ankit Kedia:  
Also in the month of December, there was some price cuts on selected SKUs by you guys in the Q2 
FY23 concall, you alluded that end of the quarter or early January, there could be some price 
increases actually given the RM inflation. So today as we sit, what are we looking at the price 
increase? We had 1.5% ASP growth on back of premiumization and mix change and not due to any 
pricing action, right?  
Piyush Singh:  
So just to clarify this, we have not taken any price increase on the legacy portfolio. While the newer 
introductions that we have done in the market are with the pricing action. The newer portfolio takes 
some time to settle in and kind of expands its reach in and acceptability among the secondary and 
the tertiary markets. As far as pricing cut is concerned, there has been a pricing cut on a couple of 
styles only which were slow moving styles and that has negligible impact on our top line or our ASP 
's so far.  

Page 4 of 11 
 
Raman Chawla:  
And just to add, this discount is pretty much normal on quarter to quarter. There has been no 
exceptional discounts which have been given and which really impacts our margin or the 
profitability.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harsh from InCred capital, please go ahead.  
Harsh:  
The on the distribution plan, let's say the western markets. Are we seeing any growth there or even 
the Western markets have I mean has been subdued in terms of distribution?  
Piyush Singh:  
So we have seen a very robust growth profile in our Western territory, which happens to be our 
emerging market portfolio. For example, in states like Maharashtra, on a like to like basis,we have 
seen a quarterly growth north of 40% for us which has largely compensated for the contraction in 
growth across the northern markets. So the growth profile, as you said, is starkly different in 
Western markets compared to some of the northern markets.  
Harsh:  
OK. And Sir, in the northern markets, have we lost any shelf space to, let's say other categories or 
other brand?  
Piyush Singh:  
While we don't believe so, because the market at large has contracted in line with the channel 
taking a cautiously optimistic approach, we believe we have rather gained market share in these 
territories that have been losing market share. The market on an overall basis has degrown quite a 
bit to the tune of 20%-25% in these select cohorts.  
Harsh:  
OK. And what was the e-commerce growth? D2C growth for the current quarter? I just missed that 
number.  
Piyush Singh:  
So D2C growth put together is part of 46%. If you have to split our e-commerce growth is 41% on a 
YoY basis and D2C offline growth is around 75%.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Tejash Shah:  
Just wanted some more insights from you on consumer sentiments in general and then for our 
category in particular. So we have seen in athleisure segment, which was beneficiary for opening 
up last year or early part of the post COVID period. We are seeing some deceleration in some of the 
results that we have seen so far. So just wanted to know if we keep the market share or footprint 
expansion aside. How are you reading consumer sentiment from the same cohort of consumer that 
you were catering earlier?  
Piyush Singh:  
To answer your question across the various subcategories within athleisure segment, we believe 
sports and athleisure Footwear segment is the least impacted. The channel at large has taken a 

Page 5 of 11 
 
cautiously optimistic approach, while the tide is turning, we believe Q4 to be in line with the 
performance that we have seen in Q3. Maybe some operating leverage will kick in, but the channel 
is taking some more time to open up. We don't see any significant drop in the secondary off take of 
our product, which is kind of substantiated and triangulated by the robust growth that we have 
witnessed across that D2C portfolio. Which is roughly 46-47% of our overall top line. There are 
select cohorts which have been adversely impacted by macro and we are just expecting that macro 
turn to reverse. On a long-term basis, we maintain a very bullish outlook on this entire segment and 
the way franchise has kind of harness market share. So our long term prospects in our view are very 
bullish.  
Tejash Shah:  
And the way last quarter has played out for the retailers in general where October was good and 
November and December has been kind of difficult period depending upon which categories we 
talk about. Most of the retailers actually ended up post Diwali, post festive season, more inventory 
than they initially budgeted. So how do you see the competitive landscape, especially in terms of 
aggressive pricing or discounts going ahead? And in the coming quarter and perhaps quarter after 
that?  
Piyush Singh:  
So there's been a couple of factors. It's not the slowdown in demand. So there are three key drivers 
for our category and especially the segment that we operate in, which is still aspirational for 90% 
of the country this is the advent of winters, and the advent of festive season and the and the advent 
of marriages. Now festive season was there in October, which led to a robust secondary and tertiary 
offtake by the retailers and the end consumers. However, the entire winter season got delayed by 
good 15-20 days, especially in the northern part of the country. And the impact was largely visible 
in early January till early February. Similarly only small part of the marriage season was kind of 
aligned in second-half of November till late December and the rest of the season is expected to 
resume. So far as marriages are concerned as we speak in this part of February. So all these factors 
have a cumulative impact on these tertiary optics that happens in these markets across the segment 
that we operate in. While there was a transient slowdown in early November, we saw the markets 
rebound so far as tertiary optics are concerned because of driven by all these factors. So on a very 
near term basis, we believe that Q4 should give you a positive twist in terms of rebound of the 
market channel. As such, once they take a cautiously optimistic approach in terms of demand and 
outlook takes some bit to reverse. But the good part is, given secondary uptakes are not impacted 
to that extent, we believe that turn around to happen sooner than later.  
Tejash Shah:  
And then what was the full price sale in Q3 for us? What proportion?  
Piyush Singh:  
While we don't report that numbers, but we can certainly connect offline to give you some flavour. 
Our discounts have not increased in this quarter or YTD in nine months as compared to similar 
period last year.  

Page 6 of 11 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead.  
Aliasgar Shakir:  
I wanted to first of all just understand how the RM prices are trending and when do we see that 
seeing benefit, if at all they have been cooling off and how do we plan to use that, do we plan to 
pass on some of the benefits if at all there are any cool off, or that should help us improve our gross 
margin?  
Piyush Singh:  
So before we get into the current pricing trends, we like to maintain that as we have mentioned in 
our previous quarterly earnings update calls that we have maintained strategic levels of inventory 
just to ensure availability at the right time because we believe that availability of the merchandise 
is paramount in uncertain times where supply chain fluctuations are plenty. So, on account of these 
fluctuations in RM prices, especially EVA resins and packaging materials, we had kind of maintained 
inventory levels to ensure availability throughout the year for the merchandise. Now the good part 
is while we have seen almost half a percent of margin contraction on a year on year basis in Q3, this 
is on account of consumption of higher priced raw material that we had kind of maintained in order 
to ensure availability of the product. Because this gives us a once in a lifetime opportunity to gain 
more market share and more shelf space in the relevant markets. Now so far as current pricing 
trend is concerned while EVA resins, prices are kind of stabilised, packaging material is still going 
through a lot of variability and these two are the key raw material components. For us, so far as 
consumption is concerned. We are actually working on long term engagements or long term 
associations, So far as packaging material sourcing is concerned. So some very good work is ongoing 
internally and we'll update the investor community as and when we make some material 
breakthrough in that aspect. Now so far as this goddess is concerned, we would first try to recoup 
the lost margin in absolute sense before we pass on any benefit to the channel or to the end 
consumer to answer your question.  
Aliasgar Shakir:  
This is very useful and detail just if you could quantify a little bit so EVA and other raw material, you 
mentioned a stabilise, have they come down and we typically have a nearly four to five months of 
inventory if I'm not mistaken. Had it gone up and from when should we see benefit of that coming 
that's point no 1? And point no 2 is just packaging material. Correct me if I'm wrong. It's close to 
about 1/3 contribution if our total raw material. So how much of that should offset the benefit of 
at all any EVA? So I'm just trying to understand basically in in not in fourth quarter if at all in, should 
we see some basically benefit of raw material in FY24?  
Piyush Singh:  
So just to answer your question directionally, as overall inventory levels have come down materially 
in quarter three, which was expected compared to last quarter and the improvement is holistic 
across all inventory cohorts including raw materials, semi-finished goods and finished goods 
inventory. Just to give you some directional quantum, it has come down by more than 50 crores in 
absolute sense in this quarter alone. In terms of pricing, while EVA prices have kind of stabilized. 

Page 7 of 11 
 
We still see a lot of fluctuation happening across packaging material and all these three input 
materials put together contribute roughly 30% to 35% of our raw material cost. We believe that it 
will take another quarter or a couple of quarters for packaging material prices to also kind of 
stabilize, but then it dependent on a larger macro outlook and we are just hoping for things to 
stabilize.  
Aliasgar Shakir:  
And just to reconfirm the online, you mentioned overall D2C including online, offline, both has 
grown 46% in this quarter on YOY is that correct?  
Piyush Singh:  
Yes, that's correct.  
Aliasgar Shakir:  
OK. Against overall YOY growth of about 7%. Right. So then to that extent offline would have 
degrowth in probably nearly around 25% level, that's fair assumption.  
Piyush Singh:  
Its 13.5% degrowth in MBO, 41% growth in D2C Online and 75% growth in D2C offline. The mixes 
almost 54% in MBOs versus 46% then the other two categories put together.  
Aliasgar Shakir:  
OK. And this online also includes nearly about 30 crores of the spillover that we spoke in the last 
quarter from Q2 to Q3.  
Piyush Singh:  
So that spillover was roughly 25 crores, 15 crores was on account of online and 10 crores was on 
account of offline.  
Aliasgar Shakir:  
Got it. So if I exclude that, it's about 2% kind of growth. And where do we expect our margins to 
stabilize in the long term given there are multiple levers, one as you mentioned gross margin 
depending upon how the raw material prices move and then we've been a little aggressive in the 
past related to our ad spends. So in a relatively medium to long term, where do we expect our 
margins to stabilize in EBITDA level?  
Piyush Singh:  
So before we get into the margin profile, I would like to correct you on the on the growth profile 
piece in the absolute sense, e-commerce business in this quarter has ended at 181 crores last 
quarter numbers you already have, that was roughly 130. Our MBO business is INR 245 crores and 
EBO business is at INR 36 crores.  
Aliasgar Shakir:  
And if you could answer the question related to margin.  
Piyush Singh:  
Yes. So we believe that we should be back in the same trend line that we have exhibited in FY 22 in 
in the next couple of quarters on a TTM basis. And while we don't give any directional outlook on 
EBITDA margin, we believe that we'll be maintaining a very healthy EBITDA profile in the near 
medium term north of 20%.  

Page 8 of 11 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bharat Gianani from Moneycontrol Pro. 
Please go ahead.  
Bharat Gianani:  
While the weakness in the demand has led to because we don't and obviously we also highlighted 
that Q3 FY23, there was a pent up demand factor as well, so what's your volume growth projection 
for the next fiscal and the medium term and what is the ASP growth that we are targeting per year 
over the next the medium?  
Piyush Singh:  
So while we refrain from giving any concrete outlook on the near medium term, we believe that 
directionally we'll maintain the same growth profile and margin profiles in the medium term, as 
already mentioned, we maintain a very bullish outlook on the overall industry and our own 
performance and the franchise not only in the near medium term, but also in the long term. We 
believe that the prospects are very good and we'll keep on demonstrating healthy growth profile as 
well as a very profitable bottom line.  
Bharat Gianani:  
OK. And just related to that, you have highlighted that the industry demand has been muted bit. So 
what's your reading that when do you think that the demand at the industry level would bounce 
back or will exhibit growth, so what’s your reading on that.  
Piyush Singh:  
We believe that it's a mix of multitude of factors including inflationary trend, the income profile of 
Tier 2, Tier 3 and semi urban centers plus the cautiously optimistic outlook that the channel partners 
have taken especially in these markets. So a confluence of all these. While it's a crystal ball gazing 
for anyone to do, we believe that it should start coming back in in the next couple of quarters.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jaspreet Arora from Equentis. Please go 
ahead.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
The first question was this average selling price of 669 what we reported last quarter, what does it 
mean for in terms of a ballpark cost to consumer?  
Piyush Singh:  
So average blended retail price would be somewhere in the ballpark of 1350 to 1450 per pair.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
OK, so the difference is all taxes and the channel margin.  
Piyush Singh:  
Yes. And it's a blend of multiple channels, the realisation across channel is different. So some 
aggregate is almost 2.0 - 2.2 kind of multiplier.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
And the rates remain at that 5% and 18% depending on MRP sub INR 1000 and + INR 1000, is that 
the way it's still working?  

Page 9 of 11 
 
Piyush Singh:  
So it got revised in January last year and the slab was up from 5% to 12%. So anything which retails 
below INR 1000 attracts a tax of 12% and retails above INR 1000 attracts a tax of 18%.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
And in terms of competition, if you could talk about that in terms of how much do we compete with 
the unorganised market or maybe the whatever the way you call it and in what sense some of the 
other branded players that we would be competing with at the mid to lower end, whatever you can 
discuss.  
Raman Chawla:  
I mean, it's less than ₹1000 MRP where normally the unorganised sector really plays in n and 
continue to kind of on the strength of our designs that we go out and launch and the value equation 
that we offer to our consumers, we maintain that position of strength even in that category. And 
that category is also important price category because that's like the catchment for the new 
consumers to come in. And we continue to focus on that as well.  
Piyush Singh:  
So just to add some quantitative perspective to this, the 70% of our sales comes from our portfolio 
above ₹1000 MRP which where our competition is largely regional labels and branded play. And 
only 30% of our sales comes from the economy segment which is sub ₹1000 kind of profile where 
largely the competition is beyond private or cheap imports.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
And maybe you've discussed this with me on one of your previous calls. If you could just highlight 
it about the about some details about the typical customer in terms of maybe the age profile, the 
gender and working versus non-working whatever just to get a sense of a typical age of a campus 
shoe, whatever where a large chunk of them would fall in the pyramid for campus.  
Piyush Singh:  
So our core target audience is 18 to 34 years in terms of age profile, we essentially target college 
goers and 1st jobbers and the family of four with an income of INR 10 to 15 lakhs per annum and a 
periphery age profile starts from 35 and goes as high as 55 for us. That said 10% of our portfolio is 
concentrated on kids as well, wherein we are one of the largest players in school shoes and kids 
footwear in the country.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
And how much of our sales comes from? Full price versus sale if not for the last quarter, can you 
just highlight numbers from the previous year FY22 possible?  
Piyush Singh:  
We refrain from sharing data because this is kind of proprietary industry sensitive in nature, but 
directionally just to give everyone comfort, our discount levels have not increased in the last many 
quarters. We are on similar discount levels.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
And just lastly on the margins, margins for volume, so just trying to compare Q3 FY21, I'm just using 
that because that was possibly the best margin we did at least in the data available, which is 24.8% 
the price point then was INR 547 and we are now at INR 669, which is materially high and obviously 

Page 10 of 11 
 
our revenue is also doubled possibly since then and so as the volume. So just trying to get a sense 
that the drop in margin would essentially be the entire spike in raw materials. Is that the way how 
to look at this?  
Piyush Singh:  
I wouldn't call this as drop in margin. I'll say that this is how the portfolio and the sales mix is 
maturing for us because couple of years back we were only focused on men's footwear. Now, we 
have added multiple other categories like Casual footwear is coming into play. Our focus on women 
and kid’s footwear has increased because we see a lot of growth coming from that segment. At the 
same time, we have also entered into open footwear, which is relatively lower margin segment 
while it continues to be a filler for us. But all these factors put together has kind of stabilised our 
margin that 20%-21% level on an annual basis and similarly quarter three for us, if we talk about 
specifically quarter three, last year, the margin was 21.5%, this year margin is 20%. There has been 
a material it creates in ads and business promotions spent so couple of years back, we were only 
spending around three, 3.5% of our top line towards brand building. Now the number is as high as 
6.5%- 7%. So the delta that you've witnessed in margin profile, if we talked about our quarterly or 
if we talk about the general trend line is largely because of our enhanced spends on our ads. A part 
of it is getting funded by the operating leverage that we are generating and part of it is the kind of 
investment that we are making towards a robust brand building exercise.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
And just a quick last one on the volumes. The last five years we've done almost 20% volume growth 
CAGR. So,  given that we have now at a reasonable market share and reasonably good revenue 
base, do you think that I'm not talking about the next year or two, but do you think the next five 
years could more be like a high single digit to more like a 10%-11%. Would that be a practical thing 
to look at given the penetration and your level of market share today?  
Piyush Singh:  
As always, we'd like to add the global perspective here. If we talk about any major economy globally, 
the contribution of sports and athleisure, basically all the other categories put together is 1:1. In 
India, the contribution is 1:10, China was at a similar stage as India 15 years back. If we directionally 
follow the same trajectory, so to industry in China was close to 2-2.5 billion dollars in size at that 
point in time today in the same industry in China being the most recent example of this explosion 
is roughly $50 billion in terms of retail size. So if we believe that India, like any other segment would 
mimic China or followed directionally the same trend, we expect a very bullish horizon so far as the 
long term prospects of this industry is concerned, we are just at the tip of the iceberg. So we believe 
a lot of substitution and a lot of holistic growth through coming.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
So what would be the industry growth in the period that we've grown 19.2%, volume CAGR?  
Piyush Singh:  
That's a very subjective question because there are multiple agencies which cover this.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
So whatever the ones that you track or that you keep a handle on.  

Page 11 of 11 
 
Piyush Singh:  
It's close to 13% to 15% volumetric growth.  
Jaspreet Arora:  
So 13% to 14% and you've done 400-500 basis points higher than that. So a very big lever of growth 
would be the industry growing at a very high growth rate for the next few years. The athleisure of 
sports catering.  
Piyush Singh:  
That's the house we maintain.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bhargav Buddhadev from Kotak Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead.  
Bhargav Buddhadev:  
Is it possible to break up the revenue performance in the more than INR 1000 MRP portfolio and 
less than INR 1000 MRP portfolio on a YOY basis?  
Piyush Singh:  
So we can give you a directional trend which is handy with us in terms of nine months. So more 
than INR 1000 for us is contributing roughly 72.5 % and less than INR 1000 is contributing the rest 
on the 9-month basis. Which for FY22 was 64% for more than INR 1000 and the balance 36% for 
less than INR 1000.  
Bhargav Buddhadev:  
So in this quarter has there been a growth in terms of volumes in the thousand MRP plus portfolio?  
Piyush Singh:  
Yes, there is certain growth.  
Bhargav Buddhadev:  
And secondly, in terms of ad spends as a percentage of revenue, has it been maintained in this 
quarter versus the same quarter last year?  
Piyush Singh:  
It has gone up by almost a percentage point versus the same quarter last year. So this year our ad 
spend is in quarter three at 7.0% viz a viz 6.2% for FY22.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand it over to the management for 
closing comments.  
Piyush Singh:  
Thanks, Mike. Thanks everyone for participating in an earnings call. We would like to thank all our 
investors, all our channel partners and our end consumers for the belief that they have shown in 
the franchise. We assure you that we will keep on maintaining our growth trajectory and at the 
same time, we'll keep on improvising on the brand in terms of its perception and the overall 
portfolio.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Campus Activewear Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And in case of any further queries, please reach out to Campus Activewear Investor 
Relations team at ird@campusshoes.com. You may now disconnect your lines.  
