 
 
INFOSYS LIMITED 
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115 
44, Infosys Avenue 
Electronics City, Hosur Road 
Bengaluru 560 100, India 
T  91 80 2852 0261 
F  91 80 2852 0362 
investors@infosys.com 
www.infosys.com 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of 
Board of directors on January 12, 2023 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the 
Board meeting held on January 12, 2023, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2022-2023/q3.html 
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2022-
2023/q3.html 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
SURYANARAYANA 
ANUR GURUGOPALA 
RAJU MANIKANTHA
Digitally signed by 
SURYANARAYANA ANUR 
GURUGOPALA RAJU 
MANIKANTHA 
Date: 2023.01.17 09:10:02 +05'30'

 
 
“Infosys Limited 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations 
 
A N A LY S T S / I N V E S T O R S 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec 
 
Bryan Bergin 
Cowen 
 
Apurva Prasad  
HDFC Securities 
 
Mukul Garg  
Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli  
Kotak Mahindra AMC 
 
Moshe Katri  
Wedbush Securities 
 
Pankaj Kapoor  
CLSA 

 
Ankur Rudra 
J.P. Morgan 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Equities. 
 
Sameer Dosani 
ICICI Prudential AMC 
 
Rahul Jain 
Dolat Capital 
 
Girish Pai 
Nirmal Bang Securities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal and operator by 
pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone telephone. After today’s presentation there 
will be an opportunity to ask question. To ask a question you may press “*” then “1” 
on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question please press “*” then “2”. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thanks, Inba. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys earnings call to discuss Q3 
FY23 financial results. Let me start by wishing everyone a very happy New Year. 
Joining us here on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy 
and other members of the senior management team. We will start the call with some 
remarks on the performance of the company by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which 
we will open up the call for questions.  
Kindly note that anything which we say that refers to our future outlook is a forward-
looking statement that must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company 
faces. A full statement and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the 
SEC, which can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I now like to pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you 
for joining us.  
We are delighted to share with you that our Q3 performance was strong with year-on-
year growth of 13.7% and quarter-on-quarter growth of 2.4%. This performance was in 
a seasonally weak quarter for us and amid a changing global economy. We continue to 
gain market share.  

Growth in Q3 was broad-based, with most industries and geographies growing in 
double digits in constant currency. Growth in constant currency for nine months of 
FY23 was 17.8% compared to the same period of FY22. Our large deal value was $3.3 
bn, the highest in eight quarters. With 32 large deals, this is the largest number of large 
deals in our history, 36% of this is net new. Our pipeline of large deals remain strong. 
Our digital revenue grew at 22% in the quarter in constant currency and are now close 
to 63% of our overall revenue. Our core services revenue grew at 2.4%. We are seeing 
growth in both areas of our business, digital and core services. This is a testament to 
our industry-leading digital capabilities, including our Cobalt Cloud capability and our 
industry-leading automation capabilities, both of which are resonating with our clients. 
Our large deal pipeline is seeing increased traction for automation and cost efficiency 
programs. Our results reflect our deep-rooted client relationships, coupled with client-
centric strategy, differentiated digital and cloud capabilities, strength in automation and 
the ability to pivot our business rapidly to changing client needs. 
Our cloud revenues continue to have healthy growth this quarter. Our clients are 
focused on accelerating the digital and cloud transformation, both to grow and to 
become operationally more efficient. They trust us to partner with them through the 
complexity of managing this change because of our differentiated capabilities. Our 
industry-leading cloud offering, Cobalt, is playing a key role in helping them navigate 
the digital transformation.  
Two examples of this,  
- 
Cobalt is helping accelerate business growth and resilience for a large telco and 
making their decision-making more data driven. 
- 
We are supporting a leading aerospace company by automation of their customer 
experience area, leveraging a modernized technology infrastructure, driving 
material cost efficiency.  
Strong growth was accompanied by stable operating margin at 21.5%. This was driven 
by healthy revenue growth and cost optimization benefits. Our operating margin for the 
first nine months of FY23 was at 21%, in-line with our margin guidance.  

Our voluntary quarterly annualized attrition continues to decline steadily and reduced 
by 6 percentage points sequentially to well below 20% for this quarter.  
We are encouraged by the immense confidence and trust that clients have in us. The 
signs around us, around the slowing global economy are visible. Some areas such as 
mortgages and investment banking and financial services industry, telco, high-tech and 
retail are more impacted and that is leading to delays in decision-making and 
uncertainty in spending in these areas. We are confident that the strength of our digital 
and cloud capabilities and our automation capabilities will continue to position us well 
in the market. We are keeping a close watch on the global economy. 
Driven by our growth of 17.8% in constant currency for the first nine months of FY23 
and strong large deal value for Q3, we are increasing our revenue growth guidance, 
which was at 15% to 16% earlier to 16% to 16.5%, despite the changing global 
economic conditions. We are retaining our operating margin guidance for FY23 at 21% 
to 22%. We anticipate to be at the lower end of this range. 
Thank you. And with that, let me request Nilanjan to share other updates. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks, Salil. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining this call. Let me start 
by wishing everyone a very happy and safe 2023.  
Q3 was another quarter of resilient performance. Our revenue grew by 13.7% year-on-
year and 2.4% sequentially in constant currency terms, despite seasonal weakness. Most 
of our business segments and geos grew in double digits year-on-year in constant 
currency. Specifically, manufacturing grew by 36.8%, EURS by 25.9% and Europe 
grew by 25.3%.  
Digital revenues constitute 62.9% of total revenues and grew by 21.7% year-on-year in 
constant currency. Core revenue saw another quarter of growth reflecting the 
accelerated client focus on cost take-out.  
Client metrics continue to remain strong with year-on-year increases in client counts 
across revenue buckets. Number of $50 mn clients increased by 15 to 79, number of 
$200 mn clients increased by 5, while number of $300 mn clients increased by 3 over 

the same quarter last year, reflecting our strong ability to mine top clients. During the 
quarter, we added 134 new clients.  
Utilization, excluding trainees, reduced to 81.7%, reflecting seasonality and employees 
joining the bench post completion of their training. On-site effort mix remained stable 
at 24.5%.  
Quarterly annualized attrition continued to trend downwards and reduced further by 
another 6% during the quarter. This is the lowest quarterly annualized attrition in the 
past seven quarters. Consequently, LTM attrition reduced to 24.3% as compared to 
27.1% in Q2. We expect attrition to reduce further in the near-term.  
Revenue growth was 17.8% in constant currency terms over nine months FY23. 
Operating margin for the same period was 21.0%, in-line with the lower-end of our full 
year guidance as called out earlier.  
Q3 operating margin remained steady at 21.5%. The major components of QoQ margin 
movement are as follows:  
Tailwinds of 
- 
 approximately 40 basis points due to benefits from Rupee depreciation and cross 
currency, offset by lower benefits from revenue hedges.  
- 
70 basis points from cost optimization, including lower subcon.  
This was offset by headwinds of  
- 
30 basis points from higher SG&A and  
- 
the balance 80 basis points due to seasonal weakness in operating parameters, 
higher third-party costs, furloughs etcetera. 
Q3 EPS grew by 13.4% in Rupee terms on a YoY basis.  
DSO increased by three days sequentially to 68, reflecting higher billing during the 
quarter. Our balance sheet continues to remain strong and debt-free. ROE increased by 
2.2% YoY to 32.6%. Free cash flow for the quarter was $576 mn, a conversion of 72% 
of net profit. YTD FCF was $1.8 bn, which is implying a conversion of 81% of net 
profits.  

Yield on cash balances increased to 6.3% in Q3. Q3 marked the 30th consecutive 
quarter of delivering positive forex income despite the volatile currency environment. 
Consolidated cash and investments declined from $4.79 bn last quarter to $3.91 bn, 
consequent to $1.32 bn being returned to investors towards interim dividend and 
buyback.  
We initiated the buyback on December 7th and till date have bought back $31.3 mn 
shares worth ₹4,790 crores or 51.5% of the total authorization of ₹9,300 crores at an 
average price of approximately ₹1,531 per share compared to the maximum buyback 
price of ₹1,850 per share. 
Coming to segment performance 
We signed 32 large deals in Q3, which is the highest ever. TCV was $3.3 bn, the highest 
in the last eight quarters with 36% net new. 7 large deals were in Retail, 6 each in 
Financial Services and Communications, 5 each in EURS and Manufacturing, 2 in Life 
Sciences and 1 in Hi-Tech. Region-wise, this was split by 25 in the Americas, 5 in 
Europe and 2 in the rest of the world.  
Growth in Financial Services was impacted due to a higher-than-normal furloughs and 
some specific project closures. Deal pipeline continue to be strong and oriented towards 
cost takeout and tech/ops transformation transformation. Our competitive position in 
the industry as demonstrated in the past years, remains very strong.  
Retailers are seeing uncertainty on consumer spending as a result of high inflation, high 
interest rates and softer economy. However, at the same time, direct-to-consumer and 
digital commerce are opening up many new opportunities on the back of our growing 
presence in leading e-commerce platforms and also our very own Infosys Equinox.  
We have healthy deal flow in the Communications segment, along with continued 
steady pipeline. However, cost pressures and economic concerns continue on the client 
side impacting discretionary budgets.  
Energy, Utility, Resources and Services Segment reported strong growth along with 
healthy level of large deal wins during the quarter. The deal pipeline is strong and on 
increasing trend versus the previous quarter, given medium-term growth visibility.  

Manufacturing segment continues to be robust, supported by healthy pipeline of deals 
in both traditional and new technology areas. We are helping clients across engineering, 
IoT, supply chain, cloud ERP and digital transformation, including helping clients 
accelerate their journey to the cloud.  
We continue to see caution around budget and spending for consumers in the Hi-tech 
segment, especially around discretionary spend areas. 
For Digital service capabilities in Q3, we have been ranked as leader in 7 ratings for 
our cloud services, digital engineering services and Salesforce implementation services. 
We have also been positioned as a major player in 7 ratings for our IoT and engineering, 
security and automation services.  
We believe, the structural levers for medium to long-term growth for the industry 
remains intact and Infosys is well positioned to support its customers in their 
transformational journey.  
With strong revenue performance in the first nine months of the year, the revenue 
guidance for FY23 has changed to 16% - 16.5%. Operating margin guidance band 
remains at 21% - 22% for the year. And as mentioned previously, we expect to be at 
the lower end of the range. 
With that, we can open the call for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. It 
looks like Mr. Katri’s line is dropped. In the meanwhile, we will move to our next 
question, that is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yes. Hi, good evening and thank you for the opportunity. My question was around the 
increase in cost of software packages, that is up by almost $69 mn sequentially. How 
should we think of this cost, do you think this incremental $69 mn will be a sticky 
number out there or do you think it’s sort of representing the headwind -- instead come-

off going forward? And is this sort of a pass-through in nature, that is the second sort 
of clarification on the same thing? Thank you. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, Nitin. So the $69 mn is a combination of software, it is other deals which we do 
which have DaaS etcetera. It could be infrastructure. So, these are part of our integrated 
services offering. These come with both manpower component and sometimes they also 
come with an attachment of these services. So that is the way we do it. It’s an integral 
part of our service offering.  
We have to see where we end up for Q4, but I think, this is part of our overall offering 
and it is actually giving us traction in the market in many of our service lines. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Sure. So it is a pass-through in nature in a way, is that correct? And basically, at least 
earlier in the past, we have suggested that the new level would sort of sustain. So, in 
the new operating model, this is sort of sticky thing that continues, is that assessment 
fair – longer time? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Like I said this is integrated with our services offering, so they are not just standalone 
deals we do, they come with the service element as well. So that is the way you have to 
look at these deals. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Sure, fair enough. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen. Please go 
ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 

Hi, good evening. Thank you. Why don’t you just clarify some comments around 
demand? I am curious, if you would say there is a material change in the way that clients 
are behaving now versus three months ago, in your reported 2Q, because the areas you 
are citing weakness, I think were the same ones, the pockets of weakness that you talked 
about. I am really just trying to understand if you think there has been a real change to 
spending and contracting there or more broadly the same? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi, thanks for the question. What we are seeing today, in addition to what we said last 
quarter, for example in financial services beyond mortgages, we see the investment 
banking side of our clients as well are showing an impact of the economic environment; 
and they are in telco, hi-tech and retail, in some clients. So, we do not see a material 
change, but there are within financial services one more area that we see some of the 
impact coming in.  
Having said that, we have, for example clients in energy or utilities or manufacturing, 
those industries are still looking quite strong in terms of their outlook. 
Bryan Bergin 
Okay, that is helpful. And then on the large deals, the renewals were a big component 
of that TCV and you have also cited benefits from consolidation in the commentary, 
are you taking any different approach as it relates to proactive renewals to try to drive 
more vendor consolidation opportunities? 
Salil Parekh 
Some large deals, as you pointed out, we have had a very strong result, $3.3 bn and 32 
deals. We see the focus which we had on transformation continue. But outside of the 
industries that we discussed before, where there is some impact, we see huge cost 
automation, cost efficiency plays across all industry segments. And there, we have, we 
believe, very strong capability, which is helping us. And within all of those discussions, 
we see areas where there is vendor consolidation. The approach we have put in place is 
similar to what we have had in the past. However, we see, given our market share gain 

over the last several quarters, many clients are looking at us, when they start to narrow 
the list in their vendor consolidation.  
Bryan Bergin 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad 
Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. Salil, I'm not asking for any guidance 
for '24 or ahead, but would appreciate your comments. And generally, the visibility that 
you have for the year ahead, so how different would it be versus typically this time of 
the year? So perhaps any comments on pipeline or pipeline-to-TCV conversion? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the question. I think, as you rightly said, we are not in a position to provide 
the guidance for the year, which starts in April. Pipeline, we have a very strong large 
deals pipeline. So we are feeling good that the pipeline is at a level which is in good 
shape. We see good traction of large deals, and we have seen more-and-more relevance, 
connect with our clients on the cost efficiency and automation plays and in the areas, 
in the industries where there is economics support, a good traction of Cobalt and the 
digital transformation plays. So the pipeline is looking quite good today, based on what 
we see in the deals flow. 
Apurva Prasad 
Got it. And Salil, we called out IB, mortgage and parts of telecom, hi-tech and retail, is 
there any vertical trend for deals between transformation, the ones that are 
transformation in nature and deals that are more on the cost optimization across 
verticals? 

And the second part to that is, do you see any moderation in new client acquisition 
channel with more vendor consolidation deals happening? This was something which 
had very strong traction more recently. 
Salil Parekh 
On the first part, we see some of the growth transformation plays impacted in those 
industries that we talked about, for example, mortgage, investment banking, retail, hi-
tech, etcetera. The cost efficiency plays everywhere. So we see that even in programs 
let's say, in the energy sector or manufacturing. There, and in many places, we see 
essentially clients looking to use the cost efficiency to fund the transformation because 
in many cases, they still need to drive digital or cloud transformation to keep their 
market growth or their client connect, customer connect going. So that is how we see 
that play right now. 
Apurva Prasad 
And Salil, on the other part on the new client acquisition, with more vendor 
consolidation rates. 
Salil Parekh 
Yes, there on new clients, we have seen -- while we don't disclose the number, we have 
seen a very good new client acquisition in Q3. And on vendor consolidation -- there's 
no contradiction in there to at least -- both are carrying on within our sales expansion, 
new client acquisition continues to be important as well. What we are seeing is on 
several discussions, clients are looking, especially if they have six or seven vendors, 
they want to narrow it down to one or two or three, and we are appearing to be 
beneficiaries in quite a few of those discussions. 
Apurva Prasad 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you. 

Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg 
Sure. So Salil, I have two questions. First, on the strong TCV wins this quarter. Can 
you at least qualify how much of the strength was on account of share gains, which you 
guys have made, versus the resilience, which is there on the technology spend? Because 
if you look at the broader market commentary, and you have also highlighted retail as 
one of the weaker areas, whereas you got seven large deals in retail. So if you can just 
help us break out these two, to get a sense of the deals win momentum? 
Salil Parekh 
I think the large deal momentum for us is really a function of what we have seen that 
we have put in place, we still, within this mix of $3.3 bn, have digital transformation 
deal, and we have cost efficiency automation deals. What we mean by some of the 
industry callouts, for example, retail or telco, is, there are some clients, it is not everyone 
in that industry, but there are some clients which are getting impacted by the economic 
environment. We have been quite focused, we have a broader portfolio. So for example, 
you saw that in retail, we have those large deals there, it is a mix between transformation 
and cost efficiency automation. And so many times when clients feel an impact of the 
economic environment, there might be a greater need for the cost efficiency play as 
well. So we are ensuring that both of those engines continue to work well with our 
clients. 
Mukul Garg 
Right. And another question was on the margin side. You guided for margins of 21%-
22% band, with margins towards the lower end. Can you just help us with the -- what 
are the pools which you are seeing on profitability, given that the supply scenario is 
easing rapidly? Is there some portion of the pressure which is on account of the higher 
share of cost efficiency deals, which you guys are winning with initial ramp-up cost? 

Because if you look at Q4, obviously, Q3 also had the pass-through business, which got 
impacted. I'm assuming, as Nilanjan mentioned, there was some seasonality into that. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So I think like we mentioned, the reason for Q3 margins, we have already given 
the breakdown. So as we look ahead, see the levers which we have, one is, utilization. 
And you have seen at 81.7% - this is probably, I think, one of the lowest in the last three 
to four years since I've been here. So that is one lever which we will have. 
And as we start putting these freshers onto the production floor, you will automatically 
get a pyramid benefit. So that will be a double value benefit for us. 
We also have subcons today, we have dramatically reduced our subcons literally in 
three quarters. We were 11% plus, we are at 8.7%. Historically, we have been at 7%. If 
you look at our pricing, it has been quite stable. And historically, this is one lever which 
always used to drag down, repeatedly, due to discounts on renewals, et cetera. And as 
of now, we have not seen that at all. We continue to push with clients on where all we 
can get price increases. 
Automation – in terms of our own workforce continuing to operate that and that is a 
steady lever which we have. So we are continuing to use these levers as we look ahead, 
and we will continue to deploy them. 
Mukul Garg 
Right. So, is it fair to assume that we should see at least better profitability in the next 
quarter, given that we have a number of levers with us? 
Nilanjan Roy 
So we have given a guidance for the year. You have seen in the first nine months, and 
that should give a good indication of what could Q4 be. 
Mukul Garg 
Fair enough. Thanks for taking my question. I’ll get back into the queue. 
Moderator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak 
Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Good evening gentlemen. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter. 
Salil, during some of the previous macro uncertainties like Brexit, within a few weeks 
of the vote, we had seen some of our large clients canceling and ramping down projects. 
This time, even on the tough comps, the pace of growth moderation is much lower than 
what many people have been anticipating.  
And many forward-looking indicators like deal wins, pipeline and CIO surveys still 
continue to be very strong, even 11, 12 months into this macro concerns. So having 
seen the previous three to four macro downturns, how do you nuance the current cycle, 
especially on the variable of the resilience of IT service spends? 
Salil Parekh 
So, thanks for the question. It's always difficult to compare across cycles. From the 
perspective of Infosys, my sense is what you mentioned earlier, we are still seeing the 
pace of change when there is change within an industry or a client to be not rapid. And 
we are also seeing that the opportunities for cost optimization and efficiency are 
expanding within the work that we are doing. So in many ways, we are in a good 
position to be able to work on both sides. 
And so while it is difficult to predict what the way the situation in the economy will 
evolve, we feel quite balanced. Our sales team is quite agile. We have pivoted quite 
quickly and developed various points of view on different efficiency scenarios in 
different industries that we feel comfortable that the pipeline is looking good at this 
stage, and we will continue to work on that. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Sure. Thanks Salil. So, is it a right understanding to say that we are now in a much 
better position to navigate this macro weakness, probably through more than enough 
compensation from the cost efficiency deal and vendor consolidation deal? Is that a 
correct interpretation? 

Salil Parekh 
The way we see it is we have both components of -- at least the two large components 
the clients are looking for, we have good industry-leading capability. So it's really a 
function of how a specific industry or subindustry or a client will evolve. But we have 
positioned ourselves to make sure that we can support our clients in that area. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Sure. Thanks Salil. All the best for the future. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Moshe Katri 
Thank you, and happy New Year, and congrats on strong execution in a pretty tough 
environment. I have a three-part question. First, March guidance upgrades is pretty 
unusual from a seasonality perspective and given the macro concerns. So it seems like 
you have better visibility, now, can you share any views on the budget cycle itself? We 
were kind of concerned over slippages, maybe a month or two, budget delays. Are you 
seeing any of that or you think that budget will be awarded or finalized as on time this 
time? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Moshe. On the budget, so far, we have seen, in some clients and especially in 
the industries we have called out, some areas where there has been slowness in deciding 
or some changes, especially on some discretionary work. So we mentioned hi-tech, for 
example or mortgages or bank, investment banking. So all of those ones that we 
mentioned before. 
But we don't see a broad-based change. Equally, we do see good behavior with the 
budgets moving ahead as in the past, with energy, utilities, manufacturing. So, it is not 
like one answer that it’s a little bit by industry or sub industry somewhat different. 

Moshe Katri 
Understood. And then you, in the press conference, you mentioned that about a 1/3 of 
your new or 1/3 of TCV came in from new logos. Can you remind us, is this within the 
range of what you've seen in the past in terms of mix of new logos versus renewals? 
Salil Parekh 
Referring to the large deals, $3.3 bn, there was 36% net new. That is in the range where 
we do - some quarters it's lower, some quarters higher, but these numbers are not 
unusual. 
Moshe Katri 
Okay. And then the final question is for Nilanjan. When we met in Bangalore back in 
December, you pointed to pivot in the nature of the new deals flow towards, as you 
said, cost optimizations and vendor consolidation. Obviously, this is what you're seeing. 
Are these deals typically less dependent on clients' budgets, given the fact that you're 
taking over a specific function with the objective of reducing delivery costs? And is 
there any difference in profitability levels here in terms of these projects versus some 
of these projects that you've been doing in the past few years? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So in that, I think the way you described it, these are not fully correlated with the budget 
of a client. In many instances these are areas where given the evolving economic 
situation, clients are looking to reduce their tech spend across the enterprise, in many 
cases, use some of that savings to fund transformation programs. It sometimes gets 
coupled with vendor consolidation. So let’s say – there are clients who may have five 
or six vendors and when we benefit from the consolidation we see tremendous 
efficiency that can be created. Our automation tools become quite useful. We typically 
add automation on our ongoing programs, which give an annual benefit. But when we 
see something of scale where we have not been involved earlier, we have an ability to 
provide a much greater benefit. In aggregate, the profitability of these deals is within 
the range of the rest of our company and especially has been more-and-more over time 

leverage the automation tools and our capabilities, we see these becoming stable high 
profit deals. 
Moshe Katri 
That is very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the smaller deals, which 
are less than, say, $50 mn TCV. If you can give some qualitative color on how your 
win and pipeline in that basket has been moving? Is it higher, lower versus, say, what 
it was six months back? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the question. We don’t typically disclose much about those deals. Overall, 
we have a good healthy pipeline while we publicly disclose more about the larger deals. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Understood. And Salil my second question is on these cost takeout deals. Can you give 
some sense on how the pricing in such deals behaving? Are you seeing the pressure 
there more than normal, either because clients are pushing for more discounts or 
because of competitive intensity? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, the pricing in Q3, we have seen quite stable within the mix, we have not seen 
a change. Typically, it is really a function of what type of focus that clients have, which 
industry they are in, as we have not seen, at least in Q3, in the deals that we have closed 
in the discussion we have had, a big change on that. It looks stable at this stage. 
Pankaj Kapoor 

Thank you and wish you all the best for ’24. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from J.P. Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Hi, thank you and congratulations on strong headline numbers there. I'm going to try 
Pankaj's question in a different way. You mentioned in previous calls that the mix of 
deals was changing in favor of smaller deals. And that is why the headline, TCV was 
declining, but growth was still quite healthy. This time, of course, both have done well. 
Do you think the mix of deals is still the same as it was in the last year before this 
quarter? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi, Ankur this is Salil. I am not clear on the mix of deals on the previous discussions. 
But just looking backwards, we see the mix of deals remaining in good shape across 
the board. There are some quarters in which there are disproportionate number of 
larger-sized deals. But in general, we do not have a pattern in that, at least that is evident 
in Q3 here. 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay. All right. The next question I wanted to check, Salil, again, was on the US 
business. The headline growth seems to sort of slipped down to close to low double 
digits, whereas the Y/Y growth has been led by very strong performance in Europe and 
manufacturing. 
Do you worry about the US business it is sort of slower than Europe it is not the case 
in the rest of the industry then many of your peers? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, Ankur, our view is, we have had very strong growth in the US at over 10% in 
Q3 in constant currency. Europe, of course, has been a standout in the growth that we 

have had. We feel the traction, the pipeline, the work remains pretty strong, as we have 
described earlier, across the two dimensions, transformation and cost, across the 
geographies. 
If you look at the economic situation, we do see the European side a little more 
impacted, but we see good traction on the pipeline on both sides. We had a very 
successful Europe program over the last 18, 24 months, and that is also helping us with 
the growth in this quarter. 
Nilanjan Roy 
I mean out of our 32 large deals this quarter, 25 were actually in the Americas. So I 
think -- just to, show that we have a very strong pipeline there. 
Ankur Rudra 
Understood. Maybe a last question over here was on pricing and contract profitability 
in the projects you are winning right now, especially the large number of big deals this 
time you signed. How is that trending? Is that improving, staying the same or maybe 
becoming a bit lower than before? 
Nilanjan Roy 
These are for the new deal signings? 
Ankur Rudra 
Yes, new deal signings this quarter. How is that trending versus before? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I don't think anything is unusual. Yes, absolutely new deals, I mean since many 
clients want the productivity, efficiencies upfront. So we always see that the initial part 
of the deals will be lower-than-portfolio margins. 
But like we have shown in the past, at the same time, our existing deals are reaching 
higher profitability, and that offsets some of this pressure which is coming from the 
newly signed deals, where the margins will typically be lower. But nothing unusual on 
the trends. 

Ankur Rudra 
Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you for the color and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Hello. Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a solid quarter. So, Salil 
my question -- I have just two questions. One, I wanted to basically get an idea on -- I 
mean you've seen attrition coming down in this quarter quite sharply. And as you 
mentioned in your opening remarks as well, so how do you see the trend of this attrition 
going forward, of course, downwards? And how do you believe the benefit of this could 
actually percolate to our margins? Again, not asking for objective guidance of a 
number. But in terms of the direction, do you think it is going to aid our margins? Or 
do you think most of the impact of this is already built into the numbers that we have 
currently? 
And my second question was majorly on the geography of Europe. So just wanted to 
pick your brain on how the conversations with the clients are happening in that part of 
geography, specifically if you could maybe break up between Continental Europe, 
Eastern Europe and in the UK? 
And which pockets of those geographies do you think are looking more softer? Or is 
there more of delayed decision-making in that part of the geography? 
Nilanjan Roy 
I'll take the first one on the lower attrition. Absolutely, we have seen this coming down. 
And like we said, even in the future in the next quarter, at least until -- what we are 
seeing the latest initial figures we are seeing this coming down. 
Absolutely, this should have a positive impact on margins. I mean, during the year, 
whether it was stretched hiring on laterals, whether it was the compensation hikes we 
did, that really impacted our year-on-year margin story. 

So as looking ahead in attrition, as an impact both the macroeconomic and also the 
internal policies we are doing in terms of promoting within, etcetera, should benefit us. 
Salil Parekh 
On Europe, I think the way we see - some 25% of our business in Europe, and we have 
a few countries. In the countries we operate in, we see some slowing, some economic 
impact in Germany. There is some in the UK, less so in the Nordic countries at this 
stage. 
But overall, the coloring is a little bit more by the industries that we mentioned earlier 
in the call, which are across sort of on a global perspective. But relatively, Europe seems 
a little bit more impacted today than certainly the US. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. If I can just maybe drill down just a little bit more, any specific color that you 
can provide on European Retail and European Manufacturing segments? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we don't necessarily provide that much sort of granularity, same comments on 
a global level on manufacturing that we mentioned earlier and for energy, which is 
looking stronger, and more sort of, let's say, attention to the economy on retail in this 
case. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. And the softness in retail, do you believe it is, as of now, confined to the retail 
stores and maybe percolate, and you could in your discussion with clients, do you see 
percolating down to the CPG companies and probably other ones as well? But as of 
now, if you it is limited to more of the retail stores that we are talking about? 
Salil Parekh 
So within retail, we have not called out any specific subsegment, at least in our 
commentary. We have not gone down to that granularity in our public statements. 
Vibhor Singhal 

All right. Got it. Thanks for taking my questions and wish you all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dosani 
Thanks a lot. Just one question around Europe again. If I look at your commentary 
around regions in North America versus Europe, Europe looks more cautious overall. 
But if I look at performance for the last few quarters, I think Europe has been 
performing better than North America as a whole. 
So, do you think this impact of the cautiousness is yet to reflect in the numbers and you 
see more growth trajectory will be a little more affected, going forward, in your 
thoughts around that? 
Salil Parekh 
I think, in Europe, there is two different things. We have had a very strong Europe 
program, both on transformation and cost over the last 18, 24 months. So, some of that 
comes through in the benefits we see, even in this quarter. 
The commentary or the view is more to share what we are seeing just in the economic 
activity. And again, we see the coloring more by industry, which is a little bit global as, 
opposed to just specifically across the board in a geography. 
Sameer Dosani 
So the outlook -- I mean, do you think the outlook that you're giving will reflect in the 
numbers in medium term in the next two quarters because till now, it has been an 
outperformer versus the overall portfolio? Thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we have given a view on outlook only up until March this year, so we will 
come up with a guidance for the next financial year at the end of this quarter. 

Sameer Dosani 
Okay and that is it from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Girish Pai, could you please unmute and go ahead with your 
questions? As there is no response from this connection, we will move to our next 
question, that is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, we commented that manufacturing is doing 
well for us, but actually the vertical is doing exceedingly well in European region, 
where it is up 60% YoY, but is much weaker in the US, where it is up 7% YoY. 
So, what is that we are doing so well in Europe? Is it led by a few very crucial deals? 
Or it's more holistic? And why it's different in the US? 
Salil Parekh 
So, thanks for the question. Within the industry, we don't typically comment on a client, 
multi-client level activity. But we do have good traction, as you pointed out, within a 
European business in manufacturing. 
Rahul Jain 
Okay. And another thing was on digital revenue. For the quarter, it is up 17% YoY or 
let say, CC would be 20% or 21%. This is like our slowest ever since we have been 
giving this time series on digital revenue. So is this a bit worrying? Or is it more because 
of the furlough and any other factor? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, it's partially due to some of the changes that we were discussing earlier where 
in certain industries and sub industries. We see much more attention to the economic 
environment. And there, we see some of the digital or transformation work being 

slower, where we see much more focus across the board on the cost and automation 
plays. 
Rahul Jain 
Got it. And lastly, if I can, the margin impact of furlough was too high in the quarter. 
How has this shaped up in the current month? Are these clients resumed to normalcy 
now? Or the pain remains extended in Q4 as well? 
Nilanjan Roy 
So we will have to see how it goes, it is a bit too early to say what is going to be the Q4 
outlook on that. 
Rahul Jain 
Okay. That is it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator 
Our next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Girish Pai 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand with cost optimization 
deals more in the pipeline and in the TCV, has the average deal tenure gone up in the 
last couple of quarters? 
Salil Parekh 
So, thanks for the question. We don’t typically comment on the deal tenure in terms of 
public statements. 
Girish Pai 
Okay, you said that the third-party items, have given you a lot of traction in terms of 
getting deals. Now the number has gone up from about less than 2% of revenue to 
almost like -- I think this quarter is -- in this quarter, it comes to almost 6.5% of revenue. 
Do you see this number going up in the coming quarters and years? 

Nilanjan Roy 
Like I said, our offering is quite holistic. In some cases, many of the cloud-based deals 
come with services, there could be licenses, there could be DaaS. So more and more 
integrated deals. 
And then you go to IT as a Service, which is really sort of very holistic, we could see 
this. But I mean, it may vary from quarter to quarter, you could have some quarters 
which are up. But there's nothing to say that in the long run where this is going. It's a 
bit early to say that. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. And lastly, from a competitive landscape perspective in the vendor consolidation 
deals, who are the ones losing out? Are these the global MNCs or these are typically 
Tier 2 vendors? 
Salil Parekh 
Again, on those, we don't specifically comment on where we are getting the benefit of 
the consolidation. We are seeing some benefits coming through with large clients. 
Girish Pai 
Ok, thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference back to the 
management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Fantastic to have our Q3 close out, 13.7% growth, 
21.5% operating margin, $3.3 bn in large deals, very happy with that outcome. 
We can see a guidance increase on our growth for that. And we can see both sides of 
our business on transformation, digital work and core services, cost automation 
working well. 

And so we feel good with the current environment and how we can play and support 
our clients on both sides.  
Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to catching up during the quarter. 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 

1 
 
 
“Infosys Limited 
Q3 FY23 Media Conference Call” 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Rishi Basu (Emcee) 
Corporate Communications 
 
J O U R N A L I S T S 
 
Ritu Singh  
CNBC TV18  
 
Anisha Jain  
ET Now 
 
Sajeet Manghat  
BQ Prime  
 
Kushal Gupta 
Zee Business  
 
Harshada Sawant  
CNBC Awaaz 
 
Nandan Mandayam 
Reuters  
 
Uma Kannan  
The New Indian Express 
 
 

2 
Haripriya Suresh  
Moneycontrol 
 
Veena Mani  
The Times of India 
 
Sai Ishwar 
The Economic Times 
 
Ayushman Baruah 
The Financial Express 
 
Haripriya Sureban 
The Hindu BusinessLine 
 
Jochelle Mendonca  
ET Prime 
 
Shouvik Das 
Mint 
 
Shivani Shinde 
Business Standard 
 
Reshab Shaw 
Informist 
 
Debasis Mohapatra 
Deccan Herald 
 
Rohit Chintapali 
Businessworld 
 
Harichandan Arakali 
Forbes 
 

3 
Rishi Basu 
 
A very good evening, everyone, and a very happy New Year. Thank you for joining Infosys' 
Third Quarter Financial Results. My name is Rishi, and on behalf of Infosys, I'd like to 
welcome all of you. Over the next hour with our management, we are going to have our 
financial results commentary. We request one question from each media house so that we can 
accommodate everyone over the next hour. As always, we will start with broadcast media and 
then move on to our other friends from media who are present here. With that, let me invite our 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, for his opening remarks. Over to you, Salil. 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon, and welcome to everyone who is here on the campus and 
everyone who is joining us online. We are delighted to share with you that our Q3 performance 
was strong, with year-on-year growth of 13.7%, quarter-on-quarter growth of 2.4% – this in a 
seasonally weak quarter for us and amid a changing global economy. 
 
We continue to take market share. We continue to benefit from consolidation. Growth in Q3 
was broad-based, with most industries and geographies growing in double digits in constant 
currency. Our large-deal value was at $3.3 bn, the highest in eight quarters. With 32 large deals, 
this is the largest number of large deals in a quarter in our history, 36% of this is net new. Our 
pipeline of large deals remains strong. 
 
Our digital revenues grew at 22% in the quarter at constant currency and are now close to 63% 
of our overall revenue. Our core services revenue grew as well at 2.4%.  
 
We are seeing growth in both areas of our business – digital and core services. This is a 
testament to our industry-leading digital capabilities, including our Cobalt cloud capability and 
our industry-leading automation capabilities, both of which are resonating with our clients.  
 
Our large-deals pipeline is seeing increased traction for automation and cost-efficiency 
programs. Strong growth was accompanied by stable operating margins at 21.5%. This was 
driven by healthy revenue growth and cost optimization benefits. Our voluntary quarterly 
annualized attrition continues to decline. It was reduced by 6 percentage points sequentially to 
well below 20% for this quarter. 
 
While we are encouraged by the immense confidence and trust our clients have in us, the signs 
around are showing a slowing global economy. Some areas such as mortgages and investment 
banking in the Financial Services industry, Telco, Hi-Tech, and Retail are more impacted, and 
that is leading to delays in decision-making and uncertainty in spending in these areas. We are 
confident that the strength of our digital and cloud capabilities and our automation capabilities 
will continue to position us well in this market. We are keeping a close watch on the global 
economy.  
 
Our operating model and offerings are agile to deliver value for our clients in this evolving 
macro environment. Driven by a growth of 17.8% in constant currency for the first nine months 
of FY'23 and the strong large-deal value for Q3, we are increasing our revenue growth 
guidance, which was at 15% to 16%, we are increasing it to 16% to 16.5% for the full financial 

4 
year, despite the changing global conditions. We are retaining our operating margin guidance 
for FY '23 at 21% to 22%. We anticipate to be at the lower end of this range. Thank you. 
 
With that, Rishi, let's open up for questions. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you, Salil. We will open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief 
Financial Officer, Infosys.  
With that, we have the first question from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18. 
 
Ritu Singh 
 
Hi, thank you, you said you have increased your revenue growth guidance despite changing 
global conditions. What gave you this confidence? Why the revision up? What about furloughs, 
were they lower than what you were expecting from your comments in the last quarter? 
 
Also, we have seen a significant rupee depreciation during the quarter, and yet the margins 
have more or less remained flat. What is the reason for that? And any visibility you have on 
the FY'24 growth? Because you are talking about this difficult macro environment and yet you 
revised up your guidance. So, what are you hearing from clients in terms of their budgets? And 
these large deals that you say continue to be strong in the pipeline, are you seeing more 
renewals or newer deals that you expect to win? 
 
And a word on attrition and hiring as well – do you expect it to continue to trend lower? I think 
it is the lowest in the last five quarters. And also, hiring is lower than the previous quarter – is 
it because you are anticipating lower growth? Any comment on that as well? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
Thanks for the questions. I will try to get through most of them. On some of the points on 
margin, Nilanjan will jump in as well.  
 
On the guidance, our focus is really on what we see as we closed out the quarter. We had 
exceptionally strong growth QoQ 2.4%, YoY 13.7%, for the first nine months, we are at 17.8%. 
Then we had very strong large deals. At $3.3 bn, it is the largest we have had in eight quarters. 
And the number of deals is also a testament to the environment for us, at 32 deals, it was very 
strong. Given all of those factors, we saw that it was right to increase our guidance. 
 
The point we made also is we do see that there are changes in the economic environment. We 
have called out, for example in Financial Services, beyond mortgages, investment banking; we 
have called out the Telco sector; we have called out Hi-Tech and Retail. But keeping all that 
in balance, there were some things that give us a lot of support while we see other factors in 
the environment changing. But keeping all that in balance, we were ready to increase our 
guidance. 
 
On attrition, before we go to the margin and so on, we have seen a steady quarter-on-quarter 
decline for the last several quarters. We believe many of the policies we have put in place to 
make sure that we are more and more aligned to where our employees are focused on, is 

5 
helping. And of course, the overall environment is also changing in the market. So, we see 
attrition continuing to go down. 
 
On FY'24, we have no comments at this stage. We will absolutely look at it at the end of the 
quarter in Q4. On hiring, we have the number of hiring based on what we saw on the demand, 
and we have also had a very strong hiring for the full year in FY'23 and also before that. And 
we are making sure that all of that hiring goes through our various training and is ready for 
deployment. 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
Yes. So, on margins, we are at 21.5%, and that is flat sequentially. A couple of reasons, and 
first you mentioned about the benefits of currency. So, we got a net benefit of about 40 basis 
points from currency, net of our hedges. So, that was one tailwind for us. We got another 
benefit of about 70 bps from our cost optimization, for instance, our subcon costs, etcetera. 
 
And from a headwind perspective, there is about 30 basis points additional spend on our 
SG&A. And the balance, about 80 basis points, was traditional seasonality in the quarter, 
furloughs, partly because of our third-party costs. So, these are balance, 80 bps. So that is a 
broad walk about a flat 21.5% margin within our guidance, as you know, of 21%- 22%. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Anisha Jain from ET Now. Anisha sends us her 
questions on text. Salil, the question for you is, there has been a strong execution and deal 
win in Q3 that led to the guidance upgrade as well. Can we extrapolate this to believe that the 
client budget will be robust and double-digit revenue growth will sustain in FY'24? And 
could you give us a bit more insight on the trends you are witnessing in Europe and for 
verticals like BFSI and Hi-Tech? 
 
And Nilanjan, for you, there is a question on margin, which you just answered. A follow-on 
question on attrition that is coming down sharply. Could there be a sharp reversal in margins 
from Q4 onwards? How are the pulls and pushes stacked for margins? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
Thanks, Rishi. On the first part, I think we talked a little bit about why the margin was 
increased in terms of what we see in the environment. We are not commenting obviously on 
the financial year '24 and what the guidance or growth in that year will look like. What we do 
see in terms of demand environment is what I shared earlier. We see some areas, for example, 
the mortgages area or the investment banking area in financial services, we see some areas in 
Telco and Hi-Tech and some in Retail. 
 
There is more variation we see in the European markets, more concerns on what is going on 
with the economy. The US market is also there, but relatively less so in the US compared to 
Europe. We will see how this plays out because this is not a scenario where it is the same for 
every industry. For example, we have seen extremely strong growth in energy, utilities, that 
part of our business, and we continue to see that in Q3. We saw very strong growth in 
manufacturing, and we continue to see some of that traction in our business in Q3. 

6 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Nilanjan, the question on margin was attrition. 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
Yes, so absolutely. So one is, of course, as you know, if you have seen our utilization, in fact, 
that came as a headwind for us. We have built a large, fresher pipeline. They go through our 
training, like Salil mentioned, at Mysore. And they are on bench now. We are training them, 
reskilling them. And in fact, that will give us some headroom, for growth looking ahead. So, 
the question partly about do we need to hire more, so we have a very substantial bench. And I 
think our utilization at about 81.7% is one of the lowest we have had. So, we have some 
headroom there. 
 
Looking ahead, of course, subcon costs, we have brought them down. At one stage, we used 
to be closer to 7% of our revenue, we are at around 8.7%; utilization is another factor. We 
continue to work on pricing, onsite-offshore, the pyramid itself, with the freshers coming in 
will help us. So, these are the levers, we will have to deploy as we look ahead, in the next few 
quarters. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you, Nilanjan. The next question is from Sajeet Manghat from BQ Prime. Sajeet has a 
couple of questions. For Salil, he wants to know, give us a sense of the demand environment 
in North America, UK, and Europe. And have you seen a trend of small deal sizes compared 
to what we saw in the last two years? Do you foresee a slowdown in deal closures? 
 
Nilanjan, your question is again on margins, which has already been answered. So, I am not 
asking that again. 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On the demand environment, similar view. I think we see different demand environment in 
different industries. And even within some industries, there is a variation based on the client. 
We are also seeing much more demand today for automation, cost efficiency, operational 
improvement programs. 
 
The size of the deals, as we see with $3.3 bn in large deals, we have a tremendous volume, 32 
of those deals for this quarter. So we do see a change in the environment. But we see that 
both of our engines, the one for digital and cloud driving transformation and the one for 
automation driving cost efficiency, both are working and growing for us. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next couple of questions are from ZEE Business, Kushal Gupta, and from 
Harshada Sawant from CNBC Awaaz. Both are on client and IT budget spending, which we 
have already answered. I will ask one question. What is the sense you are getting from your 

7 
clients in terms of future pricing of deals? How concerned are you about Europe and what 
impact could it have on deal flows ahead? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
Pricing, maybe Nilanjan will take. I will take the question on Europe.  
 
Europe, I think we mentioned earlier that there are differences within the European 
economies. We are seeing today more economic changes in the European market relative to 
US. But even so, there is a factor of the industry. We are seeing good traction in some 
industries, for example, energy utilities, and that is across geography, while we see some 
constraints which are in Hi-Tech and parts of Financial Services. 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
On the pricing side I think, we have seen a much more stable pricing regime than what we 
have seen historically. And part of that has been the high inflation we have seen in these 
economies as well and also because of the compensation hike. So some of that, we are trying 
to work with our clients to pass that on, and we have had some successes there.  
 
Of course, things like discounts have actually come down over the years. So, I think this is a 
discussion we have by each client, and I think that is something which we will continue to 
work on irrespective for the year ahead. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Reuters News from Nandan Mandayam. 
 
Nandan Mandayam 
 
I just want to know, how long do you expect the softness in BFSI to persist in the US? And 
also, if you could give us an insight into how you maintain around the same growth in 
Europe. And lastly, could you give us an insight into what FY'24 hiring is going to look like, 
both in the fresher and lateral terms? Is it going to exceed what we have seen in FY'23 so far? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
So, on the BFSI, I think we do not have a definitive number in terms of when things are 
going to look different. Again, we see differences. There are parts of it, for example, 
mortgages and investment banking, where we are seeing some constraints on what they are 
doing with their business. There are other parts of Financial Services, which are not seeing 
those same constraints. We have places, where because of consolidation of partners, we are 
actually seeing some growth across some clients as well. 
 
In terms of hiring, we have no comment today on our plans for FY'24. Those things, in any 
case, we will not comment on the hiring number. We will, at the end of the quarter, lay out 
the guidance for growth and margin for next year. 
 
Nandan Mandayam 

8 
 
Inaudible question  
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On Europe, I think we are fortunate to see a very strong growth. We have had a good focus 
on that geography for the past several years, and we continue to see traction from some of the 
work and programs that we have started a while ago. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from The New Indian Express, Uma Kannan. 
 
Uma Kannan 
 
Congrats on a strong quarter. So, do you expect client spending to come down in Q4 and 
whether this includes reduction in workforce? And also, one more on automation that you 
spoke about just now. So Infosys has good capabilities on automation, AI, ML, how are you 
looking at this AI chat bot as you have invested in OpenAI also? So what will be the future or 
how does the future look like in AI? And how this will actually help in servicing your clients 
better? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
So I think the first part of the question was more on what we see the client spend in Q4. I 
think our sense is the points that we have laid out with respect to different industries and 
different clients is what we are seeing right now in Q4. What we see going ahead, we will 
describe for the financial year '24 as we come to the close of this year. 
 
In terms of automation, we made tremendous progress, and that is one of the reasons, because 
we have used artificial intelligence, machine learning, we have benefited from clients' needs 
to be more efficient with their technology spend. And we have been at the forefront of what is 
going on with automation. And that is really the reason why we see both our digital business 
and our core services business growing. 
 
On OpenAI, several years ago, Infosys had supported this initiative in a very small way 
through a donation. We see the progress they have made. Huge congratulations to what they 
have done. We have examples where we are using ChatGPT with client situations, that is 
starting to further increase productivity and automation. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Suresh from Moneycontrol. 
 
Haripriya Suresh 
 
Hi, good evening. I have one follow-up on ChatGPT. Just wanted to understand if Infosys at 
some point – I know OpenAI has since shifted from nonprofit to for-profit – will Infosys look 

9 
at putting more money? And how do you think it will impact coding and service delivery as 
well? 
 
Another question is you had a very strong quarter, but do you think we will go back to a 
single-digit growth? And Nilanjan, just wanted to ask, last quarter, you had mentioned that in 
H1 FY'23, you had hired 40,000 freshers. 50,000 was the target for this year. How many 
freshers were hired in Q3? And has that target been revised? Thank you. 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On the first one, I think we have a huge focus and commitment through the past several years 
on automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning. We have no plans today which relate 
to anything in terms of an investment in any activity. But we are looking at the way to really 
work with and partner with, and there are many technologies which enable a way to do low-
code/no-code enhancement or efficiency of building code faster. So we are working with 
several of them to make sure that we work with our clients on it. 
 
Haripriya Suresh 
 
In terms of growth? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On growth, we do not have a guidance for FY'24 at this stage. What we have is really the 
focus on Q4 and for FY'23. 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
Yes. On the freshers, I think the 50,000, we are short of that now, but I think we should be 
around that number by the time we end the year. So, we have continued to hire. Yes, I think 
about 46,000 we have done, if I am not mistaken. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Veena Mani from The Times of India. 
 
Veena Mani  
 
Good evening gentlemen. So, a couple of questions on the HR front. With attrition coming 
down, will the pressure on giving out more bonuses and increments ease out for you? And 
also on this quarter's variable pay, on an organization average level, what is it going to be? 
And if it is 100%, what part of your workforce will be covered in that 100% variable pay 
bracket? 
 
And, also on the utilization, excluding trainees, it is at 81.7%. Is it largely because even in the 
existing projects, clients want to ramp down, want to bring down the number of billed 
resources or why is it exactly? 
 
Nilanjan Roy 

10 
 
Yes, sure. So, I will take the second and then the first one. So, 81.7% utilization is largely 
because of our fresher's bench. That is the biggest reason and because we have been hiring so 
many freshers through the year and putting them into training. So, over a period of time, they 
will start going into production, because you cannot overnight put a new project and have 
them with all the freshers. 
 
And like we have talked about in the past, it was an investment we are ready to make because 
you cannot overnight flip the model of putting freshers. And so, we are ready to make that 
investment and then start leading them into the production projects and rotate existing 
headcount. So, we are not so concerned. Over a period of time, that will start actually helping 
us. 
 
The second thing about variable pay, we do not disclose the amount of variable pay during 
the quarter, and that is just something in the past we have looked at pay out to each quarter on 
performance. 
 
Veena Mani 
 
Inaudible question 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
Yes, that is been going on. Yes, absolutely. In fact, one of the projects is about helping us 
during this attrition - this whole project internally about predictability of promotions, and that 
continues unabated as people reach a certain seniority. And in certain levels, we are 
continuing that. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from The Economic Times. 
 
Sai Ishwar 
 
Hi gentlemen, good evening. So Salil, in the press release, you have said you have gained 
market share. Could you actually explain in which markets or in which functions are you 
gaining market share? And, also about the deal win, it has come at an elevated number right 
now. So, do you think going forward, it is sustainable? And also, could you tell us what 
worked this time? Do you think your automation capabilities helped in terms of winning a lot 
of cost-based deals? Could you just give us more colour on the deal pipeline and the wins? 
Thank you. 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
So, on what are the reasons for some of these deals that we are winning or the size and scale 
of it, I think you are absolutely right, the automation piece, the fact that we have a real 
strength and industry-leading capability has absolutely helped us. We think we are gaining 
market share, because if you look at the growth, average growth over the last 12 months, 24 
months, 36 months, including in this quarter of the industry and you look at our growth, we 

11 
think we are ahead of the average. So, we are gaining market share from people who are 
below that average and it is in multiple areas. We have gained tremendous market share on 
cloud because of Cobalt, on the digital areas on data, on analytics and also on cost efficiency 
and automation, because we have the ability to take large platforms and programs and make 
them more efficient for our clients. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Ayushman Baruah from The Financial Express. 
 
Ayushman Baruah 
 
Hello. Hi, Salil and team, wishing you a very happy new year, first of all. So, most of the 
financials have been asked. So, I have something from a technology point of view. Last year, 
we spoke a lot about Metaverse, right? Infosys has also invested into it. So how do you see 
the adoption among clients? Is it still in the initial phases? Or have you seen the adoption 
pick up? That is one. 
 
And number two is that last year, we also heard a lot about moonlighting, right? So over 
these months, has Infosys firmed up any policies around moonlighting yet?  
 
Salil Parekh 
 
So, on Meta, I think we are starting to see, as we discussed last time, some projects, some 
programs, especially as it relates to AR, VR in the manufacturing context, on a shop floor 
context, in an education training context and maintenance context. It is small right now, so it 
is not a large part of what we do, but we are seeing a steady sort of improvement on that. 
 
On people doing gig work, we have made a clear statement a while ago. We are very much of 
that same view. We have built internal capabilities to support that. We have had a program, 
which internally we call Accelerate, which was put in place some years ago. And that 
program is being used to make sure it is done. We want to ensure, while doing all of that, 
client confidentiality is always maintained. But outside of that, we want to make sure that the 
employees have the ability to do some of this to improve and enhance their learning. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu BusinessLine. 
 
Haripriya Sureban 
 
Hi guys. Salil, you spoke about client spending. But specifically, when it comes to cloud, we 
hear that people are taking a re-look at their cloud spend and maybe even rethinking how 
much they are spending on it. So, what is it that you see on that front? What is your reading 
on it? And given the current environment, are customers looking at vendor consolidation? 
And would that be helping you going forward? Thanks. 
 
Salil Parekh 
 

12 
On cloud, it is a significant part of what we see within our digital portfolio. We have seen 
good growth in digital all through the year and including in Q3. We do not split out the cloud 
growth specifically, but it is in good shape for us as the cloud business is growing based on 
Cobalt. 
 
Overall, we have seen that there is a focus in some of the industry or some verticals that I 
mentioned earlier, where there is more attention to what should be done with these 
transformation programs and much more focus now on how to be more cost efficient. So that 
is going on as an overlay, but the cloud remains a strong part across all industries. 
 
Haripriya Sureban 
 
And on vendor consolidation? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On vendor consolidation, we see a tremendous benefit for us. We see many large enterprises 
are starting to look at things which are more in selecting a very small set of partners. And in 
many of those cases, Infosys becomes the preferred partner for our clients. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. We will move on to the next set of questions from journalists who have sent on 
text.  
 
The first is from Jochelle Mendonca from ET Prime. Jochelle's question is one thing that we 
have seen is Salesforce talking about a slowdown and there is talk about a slowdown on the 
hyperscaler side as well. Given that you are a strategic partner to these companies, what are 
you hearing from them and your clients about the cloud, which has been a big driver of 
growth? 
 
And the other question is, given the uncertainty, could you give any colour on how close to 
the growth your customer teams or any steps that you have taken to be able to capitalize 
when we see an upturn? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On the cloud, I think it is similar to what we were just sort of mentioning. Essentially, there is 
still emphasis on what is going on with the cloud. There are just different parts of the 
industries that are doing things differently. So, if you look at, for example, in energy or 
utilities clients, if you look at manufacturing, we see a huge movement today already with 
cloud with all of the components of our Cobalt capability. But in some other industries, it is 
less so. And therefore, overall, there is obviously less in that.  
 
Rishi Basu 
 
The other one was on the uncertainty. Could you give any colour on how close to the growth 
your customer teams or any steps that you have taken to be able to capitalize for the time 
when we see an upturn? 

13 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
So there, I think we are positioned well with the fact that we have a very strong digital 
transformation capability. And even today as our clients are looking at it, that capability will 
become more and more critical as and when the overall economy also changes. And in that 
same time, the focus on cost efficiency will give us benefit. That is something that we can 
work on with clients to rationalize what they are doing with their spend across the technology 
platform. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Shouvik Das from Mint.  
 
Salil, for you the question is, the per employee consolidated revenue declined further to 
$54,000 level, down over 6% Y-o-Y. Does this show that employee costs have still remained 
high in the sector despite falling attrition rate? And is this something that we expect to see in 
the coming quarters as well? 
 
For Nilanjan, a couple of questions. You have raised guidance for FY'23 on the back of a 
strong quarter. However, the number of active $100 million-plus customers reduced by one 
during the quarter. Is that a factor of uncertainty coming from North America and Europe? 
And do you expect large deals to remain muted or even decline through the next quarter? 
This was already asked. 
 
And there is another question. Revenue from India saw a 5.4% Y-o-Y constant currency 
decline, while the rest of the world, including Europe saw growth. What is the reason for 
such movement in market metrics? 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
Okay. So, I will start with India. So, India is a very small portion with about 2.5% of our 
global business is from India. And a lot of the work we do with our clients is also volume and 
transaction-led. So, you will see these pluses and minuses on a quarter basis on the growth 
figure. But like as I again said, it is only 2.5% approximately our revenue. 
 
The second one was about the revenue per person. I think that is just a reflection of our 
utilization over the year, which was about 88%, and now we are at 81%. So that is just the 
math of the overall RPP as such. So, our margins have, like I said, quarter-on-quarter, 
remained stable. So that’s a different way to look at the metric because we have also hired 
freshers during this time, who are sitting on bench and are in training in Mysore. But from a 
productive perspective, we have seen that utilization factor come down by only about one and 
a half percent during the quarter. 
 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Shivani Shinde from Business Standard. In 
continuation to the earlier question on cloud, can you give some colour on cloud deals? If 

14 
cost transformation deals have gone up, why is the core revenue down in reported terms? 
Also, can you give some colour on the TCVs won this quarter? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On the deals, first, the reported terms have a lot of currency in it. So, we always look at our 
business on a constant currency terms. We think that’s a metric, which is more stable and 
more indicative of how the underlying business is doing. So, the key for us there is the core is 
growing this quarter on a constant currency basis. 
 
We don’t typically give out the average TCV on our deals. The reality is we have a huge 
large-deals number at $3.3 bn, and that makes a big difference as we look ahead into what is 
going on with the future of the business. On cloud deals, those really come back to what is 
the view of individual clients and within industries what’s happening and then the overlay of 
the cloud as an ecosystem. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Reshab Shaw from the Informist. For Salil, you said 
Europe sees more stress, but segment revenue shows the region's share of revenue is going 
up. Going forward, do you see that changing? And what are the reasons that drove large deals 
even as you said there were delays in decision-making? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On Europe, to the earlier question about what is the overall economic environment like. We 
see the economic environment across the world slowing. Within that, relatively, Europe 
seems to be more slowing than the US today. For our own work, Europe is very strong. We 
have had a really good platform there, put in place over the last 18-24 months. And we are 
seeing the benefits of that coming through today and also some of the large programs that we 
launched in that last 18-24 months' time frame. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Debasis Mohapatra from Deccan Herald.  
 
For Nilanjan, despite a fall in attrition and benefits coming from operational efficiency, why 
did operating margin not improve in Q3? Are large deals margin-dilutive in nature? When 
can we see revenue per employee inching up? 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
Yes. So, I think I have answered many of those. So, we have given our margin walk on 
21.5% sequentially as well.  
 
And the other one - large deals continue to perform well. You will see our overall strategy 
over the last four years since the large-deal strategy was put in place. At 21.5%, we are 
actually well above where we started around FY'20. So, despite all the large deals, we have 
seen that, as we go through the deal cycles, we have seen the improvement in margins. And 

15 
of course, new deals come into the funnel with lower margins, but that is a mechanism we 
have actually mastered, and I think that is something which we do every day. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Rohit Chintapali from Businessworld. This is a similar 
question in case you want to add any more colour to it. Your revenues from North America 
have declined sequentially and they have improved only marginally in Europe in Q3. This is 
in line with ICRA's report that predicts moderation of growth in the IT sector over the 
medium term. How do you plan to address these key markets as you expect tough times 
ahead? 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
 
If you look at our constant currency, we have grown in all the three geographies as Rest of 
the World, in Europe and in North America. Of course, the growth rates are different. But we 
are seeing a very strong pipeline in all the markets, like Salil has mentioned. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Harichandan Arakali from Forbes. Two questions. One 
is on hiring in the context of looming recession that I think, gentlemen, you have answered. 
The next question is, while there is the nuance of Infosys Cobalt and other such capabilities 
which may be useful to clients, overall, what does the recruiting scene look like in the coming 
few months? 
 
Salil Parekh 
 
On recruitment, I think we have already mentioned – first that we are increasing our growth 
guidance. We have talked about the recruitment that we have done across this year already. 
And as we see the demand environment building up, as we see utilization inching up, we will 
make sure that the recruitment utilization and the way we are training all of the college 
graduates makes it an efficient model for us to grow with them. 
 
Rishi Basu 
 
Thank you. With that, we come to the end of this Q&A session and the press conference. We 
thank our friends from media for joining us today. Thank you, Salil, thank you, Nilanjan.  
 
Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be 
available on the Infosys website and on our YouTube channel later today.  
 
Thank you very much and have a good evening. 
 
