Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 1 of 33 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Adding a New Pillar of Growth – Call Transcript 
January 09, 2023 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sona Comstar's 
Conference Call. At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode. 
A question-and-answer session will be conducted after the presentation 
concludes. At that time, you may click on the video question button below 
the media player to ask your questions. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. Some of the statements made by the management team 
in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request 
you to refer to the disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. 
The management will not be taking any specific customer-related questions 
or confirm or deny any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customers in your questions. 
I now hand the call over to Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh for his opening remarks 
and the presentation. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Slide 3: 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Aman, and I hope everyone had a great New Year. On behalf of 
Sona Comstar, I'd like to welcome all of you to the addition of a third pillar in 
our growth story, one of sensors and software. Now, as the automotive world 
moves into the future, it is becoming what we call EPIC. In the last couple of 
years, all of you must have read or at least heard extensively about chips. 
Well, another term for chips is integrated circuits or IC. That is the same IC in 
NOVELIC. It is the same IC, which is in another form in our view of the future 
of mobility. 
So we've coined this term EPIC to capture all the four big ships, which are 
electrification of the powertrain, personalization of the vehicle to match and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 2 of 33 
 
 
suit driver preferences, the increasing intelligence of vehicles in the systems 
inside them. And lastly, the connectedness that makes all of this possible. So 
in the EPIC, IC also stands for intelligent and connected, and that is the IC in 
NOVELIC that it is novel, it is intelligent, it is connected. 
In this, I'd say, brave new world that is coming, sensors and software will play 
an oversized role in the automotive. This realization has been there with us for 
a long while, but it really hit home when we were making our IMCM module, 
the Integrated Motor Controller Modules for the intelligent suspension. And 
we realize this is that just a single module in a vehicle requires 2 million lines of 
code, which is about 5x the software that goes into an average space 
shuttle.  
And that's not a very surprising thing. An average modern car has around 100 
million lines of code, whereas the more advanced ones can go up to 200 
million, and a fully autonomous vehicle will have more than 500 million lines 
of code. With this context in mind, we have embarked upon the next phase 
in our long-term strategy.  
Slide 4: 
Once again, we have been listed for almost 18 months, and I want to 
reiterate our purpose as a company. Why we exist as a company is to be one 
of the world's most respected and valuable auto technology companies. This 
is important to keep in mind with why we do the things we do. There is a 
purpose. We are a company that's led by a purpose, and that is why it's 
important to keep in mind when you look at any decision that we take.  
Our automotive industry, as all of you already know, has a technology 
megatrend called electrification. And we expect that by 2035, EV 
penetration would be over 80% at least. On that trend, we acted early. We 
started our journey on electrification in 2016. And that has allowed us to take 
a leadership position in the global driveline space as well as the Indian motor 
space. 
Now today, a new technology is emerging, which is one of increasing 
autonomy and intelligence of vehicles and systems within these vehicles. And 
in the same Sona Comstar spirit of moving not where the wall is today, but 
where the wall will be in the future. We are taking a meaningful step in the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 3 of 33 
 
 
direction of electrified autonomous vehicles or E-AV with the NOVELIC 
acquisition.  
Slide 5:  
Now building an autonomous vehicle, in simple terms, is a matter of replacing 
with machinery, the three things that humans need to drive – the hands and 
feet that operate the controls, the senses that perceive their surroundings 
and the brain that turns the data into decisions. Now the first bit is mostly 
mechanical and electrical. 
The second one, the one of perception, is achieved through sensors, whether 
they be cameras, LiDAR or radar sensors. And the third, the intelligence to 
turn this input data into decisions, is software. Software plus and iteratively 
learning general intelligence or, in simpler terms, AI. This is what is driving 
autonomous.  
What this does and what NOVELIC helps us is in adding the second and third 
set of capabilities of semiconductor chip design of radar sensors, software 
and ML/AI tools to add to what we already have in mechanical, electrical 
and electronic abilities. This would help us to start building the third business 
vertical of sensors and software.  
Slide 6: 
Now why NOVELIC specifically? So we have five compelling reasons for this.  
One, extremely, extremely few companies share our DNA of being high 
technology, high growth and very high profit. I mean, their 27% net profit 
margin is rare. And when we saw that NOVELIC has achieved all three of 
these without any external funding ever, metaphorically speaking, at least it 
was love at first sight. 
Second, we've done a lot of research in the last six months to validate the 
hypothesis that radar sensors are the best technology to solve the in-cabin 
sensing problem. We'll speak more about this and why best, as I've said 
repeatedly, best is not just high performance. It is high performance and low 
cost and, importantly, with a zero invasion of passenger privacy.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 4 of 33 
 
 
Third, which is very very important to us and very close to our hearts. And it is 
also a fact that most M&As fail mostly due to cultural integration issues. With 
NOVELIC, although, if you can see them on your screen, you will later, they 
may not look like us totally. But culturally, we are very very similar with shared 
middle-class values of integrity and frugality and respect for money. They are 
also committed to vitality and agility in innovation and engineering 
excellence.  
Fourth, and this one is a slightly technical one that, this is one of the rare 
vertically integrated companies in this field with capabilities spanning the 
entire gamut from chip and sensor design to signal processing software; very 
rare to have the whole capability set at one place. 
And last but not the least part of it. So we expect this deal to be EPS accretive 
from the first year itself while providing us the opportunity to grow this into 
another $100 million vertical in the next six to seven years.  
Now we'll talk about each of these details in the next few slides.  
Slide 7: 
So first, the market. Because of increasing autonomy and intelligence in 
vehicles and vehicular systems, more-and-more perception is required. This 
perception is achieved through sensors, as you can see on your screen, 
whether they be camera, LiDAR or radar. And according to McKinsey, 
increasing adoption of ADAS and autonomous or semi-autonomous driving 
will propel this ADAS sensor market to $43 billion by 2030, which is a 3x jump in 
the next seven to eight years. Now today, most ADAS applications are sold 
by single sensor solutions. 
However, as autonomy advances, this can only be achieved through a 
multisensory approach and sensor fusion, which means a combination of 
camera, radar or LiDAR and the ability to integrate it. Today, there are very 
few companies globally that have innovative single-sensor solutions, let alone 
having multi-sensor. So no one company actually today is working on all three 
types. NOVELIC is very proficient in radar technologies and can offer sensor 
fusion algorithms to its customers. 
Slide 8: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 5 of 33 
 
 
In addition to its technology prowess, NOVELIC is unique in its approach to 
high profitability and sustainable growth. It has been profitable every single 
year since its inception. It has grown revenues at a phenomenal 53% CAGR 
over the last 10 years. And all of this without ever raising any external equity 
capital. So there is a lot I admire in these three gentlemen that I may not have 
told them personally, but I'm telling that publicly that the journey they have 
taken is inspirational to us in many ways. 
And this is so much like Sona in how we value money, technology and growth 
that - I mean, this is only our second acquisition in eight years. So it goes that 
we look very hard and we are very selective. But when we do find someone, 
it is someone very aligned with us. So together with NOVELIC, we are going 
to be one of the very few companies in the world to have a large and 
growing revenue share from the twin automotive megatrends of 
electrification and autonomy while achieving and maintaining a high growth 
and remarkable financial performance in terms of profit and return on 
capital. Now I'll hand over to our Group CTO, Mr. Deshmukh, to talk more 
about the technology and its application. Mr. Deshmukh, sir. 
Slide: 9 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Radar will play a 
significant role in ADAS world. Radars can detect distance and speed of the 
vehicles on the road, obstacles in the car's path, the position of the car 
relating to the road and other vehicles and the car's blind spots. Mainly ADAS 
functionality, such as adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency braking, 
lane-keeping assistance and autonomous driving, cannot be performed 
cost-effectively without ADAS. 
Another critical application of radar technology is in-cabin sensing. Children 
and pets left behind in locked cars have resulted in thousands of deaths 
worldwide due to heat stroke. In new car models, government regulations 
and car Safety Assessment guidelines mandate Child Presence Detection or 
what is called CPD. Euro NCAP 2023 requires CPD for a 5-star rating. Major 
OEMs have joined hands and have announced that they will provide CPD on 
their own in the cars. 
NOVELIC's radar technology detects life presence, child presence and seat 
occupancy through vital signs such as heart rate and respiration sensors. The 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 6 of 33 
 
 
technology works under any lighting conditions, including behind the car 
seats and even in the car seat-well. Moreover, as Vivek mentioned, the 
sensing happens anonymously, so there can be no previous concerns like 
those in sensing by cameras. 
In short, NOVELIC's mmWave radar technology is the best solution for in-cabin 
sensing. The in-car sensing that NOVELIC's technology makes possible can 
also be used for other applications such as optimized deployment of airbags 
and other safety systems, driver monitoring through the science of drowsy or 
distractive drive or gesture control infotainment and human-machine 
interface. Let's look at this technology through a video. 
Slide 10: 
[Video Plays] 
[Video Stops] 
Slide 11: 
We have seen a glimpse of NOVELIC's technology. Next, we introduce you 
to the three founders of NOVELIC who are behind this innovation. Darko, who 
is the CEO; Veljko, who is the CTO; and Veselin, who is the Chief Sales Officer. 
With that, I hand over to Veljko to talk about their innovation and their 
capabilities. Over to you, Veljko.  
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh, and hello, everyone. This is a very exciting moment 
for us and the whole NOVELIC team, and we are happy to be here today. 
Well, I think Vivek and Mr. Deshmukh have given quite good top overview of 
our technology. And I'm actually happy to see how quickly Sona team 
understood NOVELIC's story. I hope also that the video was helpful to 
everyone else joined today to get better understanding. 
So I'm not going to talk about technology purely, but also about our story 
from our perspective a bit. Veselin, Darko and I, we have been working 
together for the last almost 16 years. And for the last 10 years, we put all our 
working energy and our time in a company we founded together with our 
amazing team. We are engineers by background, specialized in mmWave 
systems, algorithms and systems on chip. And NOVELIC was founded with 
clear mission to develop end-to-end capabilities in mmWave radar sensors 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 7 of 33 
 
 
and also to commercialize it through various product lines in different 
industries, wherever possible, with major focus on automotive. 
We built our know-how step-by-step, experiment-by-experiment, project-by-
project. Our speciality is short-range radar and applications requiring 
miniature hardware and smartly engineered embedded software, such as in-
cabin radar, parking radar, collision avoidance, side or rear radars, guiding 
and docking radars, etc. Those examples you could have seen in the video. 
We started as a team of 5, and today we are over 160 people with 130 
engineers, 10 of which are PhDs, who are developing product platforms in 
several European developing centres. Like Vivek mentioned, although we 
have been working with a capital-intensive technology, we have managed 
to develop that technology in an organic way. We engaged from day one 
with customers. We provided them short-term value while also trying to 
identify long-term road maps and how our radar technology can fit in those 
road maps in three, four, five years. On that journey, we generated revenue 
and profits with continuous growth year-on-year and used that profits to 
reinvest. 
And now, for moving to the next phase of our growth, we wanted to have a 
strategic partner, a strategic partner in a real sense of that mean. The partner 
with the same commitment to innovation and technology like we are. The 
partner who supports us in scaling up our business and who gives us the 
freedom to innovate further. And to be fair, when we met Sona Comstar 
team, we knew that this was the one. Because we immediately felt great 
alignment on the core values, and those are the main ingredient of an 
organization.  
Together with Sona Comstar, with access to their customer base and 
marketing support, we believe that we can grow NOVELIC exponentially and 
become a significant player in the global market of autonomous mobility and 
automation in a broader sense. 
Slide 12: 
And now, on the next slide, let me briefly explain the new ecosystem being 
built in automotive world and NOVELIC's capabilities across the value chain. 
First, the value chain itself is changing and transforming. It's transforming from 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 8 of 33 
 
 
traditional hierarchy of tiers to hierarchy combined with the need for much 
more collaboration and orientation to domains of competencies. And that 
happens in both megatrends of automotive industry in electrification and 
also in autonomous driving. We are preparing NOVELIC for that shift. Basically, 
what our -- now big brother Sona Comstar did in the electrification domain, 
we are going to do in the autonomous driving domain. In our case, this means 
that we would keep integrating and improving all subsystems of other sensors 
we develop. Here, we speak about electronic boards, antennas, mechanics 
embedded software, application software or machine learning. 
On our supply chain, due to our modular and chip-agnostic system, we can 
partner with all leading chip suppliers. So actually, we want to combine 
modularity of independent subsystems with vertical integration. And we 
believe that this approach, in combination with changed value chain 
ecosystem, will give us potential to deliver to and collaborate with basically 
all tiers, with OEMs, with Tier 1s, with Tier 2s, with autonomous driving 
integrators, with anyone. Depending on the context and customers' 
demand, we can supply what they need, that can be hardware, software or 
the fully integrated autonomous driving subsystem. This will give us resilience, 
and we consider it one of our biggest strengths in the times that are coming 
for autonomous industry. 
I'll now hand over to Rohit to tell you more about the transaction. Thank you. 
Slide 13: 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thank you, Veljko. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Let me now walk 
you through the structure and the key financial parameters of the 
transaction. We have structured the transaction in a way that it's a win-win 
for the shareholders of both Sona as well as NOVELIC. Sona will be buying 54% 
equity in the company for EUR 40.5 million through a combination of primary 
and secondary routes. This will mean that NOVELIC founders will continue to 
contribute and participate in its growth story in a meaningful way. 
At the mentioned consideration, NOVELIC is valued at a pre-money EV of EUR 
64.5 million and post-money valuation of EUR 75 million. It puts the implied 
valuation at 26 times the estimated PAT for the calendar year 2022, which 
also happens to be the financial year for NOVELIC. Purchase consideration 
will be discharged in three instalments, with 60% to be paid out at the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 9 of 33 
 
 
transaction closing and the balance 40% in two equal instalments, each at 
the end of 12 and 24 months from the date of closing. The transaction will be 
funded primarily from Sona's existing resources, and we expect it to be closed 
by the end of March. We expect the transaction to be EPS accretive for Sona 
from the first year itself. 
This brings us to the end of our presentation, and I'll now hand the 
proceedings back to the Chorus team for Q&A. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session.  
Anyone who has a question may click on the video question button below 
the media player to ask your question. When your name is announced, you 
will receive a pop-up on your screen, choose the option ‘join as panelist’, 
accept the prompt, unmute your audio video and proceed with your 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a minute while the question 
queue assembles. 
While we wait for the queue to assemble, we have our first text question that 
is received from Chirag Jain from Catamaran. 
 
So the question is, basis the press release and the presentation, it seems 
NOVELIC's key solution is in In-cabin sensing. Is NOVELIC solution also being 
built for the core autonomous driving? If yes, what is the content per vehicle 
today? And what can it increase to? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So I kind of expected this because this is a -- NOVELIC team, apologies. But 
this is one of the key questions that you get in India as a listed company. 
content per vehicle is somehow term that is used. So, Chirag, it is more about 
the capability that is there. The applications are immense. I will request Veljko 
to talk a little bit about the applications, because -- and I think that's what 
Veljko tried to form for you, the pyramid that it's changing so much that who 
provides what kind of content in a system and what is the shape of that final 
system is very different. 
I think that question of content per vehicle is very rooted to the world that we 
showed, the Tier 1, Tier 2, OEM world. Here, NOVELIC has the ability and 
already does provide service to all four levels. So, their customer could be a 
chip designer itself. It could be a global Tier 1. It could be the OEM, and it 
could be could become mobility solution providers people like Waymo, Uber, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 10 of 33 
 
 
who are providing you the final autonomous solution. All four of them are 
currently, all four of these categories are already customers and will continue 
to be. However, the framework that one uses to ask a question will be 
different in this world. But Veljko, you can talk more about what other solutions 
this capability set can be used for. But for everybody on the call, it is this, it is 
radar sensing. And then processing that sense or that perception when it 
comes back, processing that for meaningful decisions. That's the capability 
in very simple terms. But Veljko, please. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Okay. So when we speak about in-cabin solution, we speak about a 
completely new application in the automotive. So this road map was defined 
pretty recently. We were working on that since the beginning, since our 
inception, we knew that this application will be on the road of new vehicles. 
And we build the technology for that. So the road maps, like we could have 
seen on one of our previous slides, are starting the production of that sensor 
that is mandated by regulatory bodies from 2024, 2025 onward. And all OEMs 
will have to be ready for that solution.  
Radar is actually has proven over the years of competition on the 
technological level and stories among, let’s say, regulatory bodies, etc., as 
the most suitable choice here. So the best product market fit. And we, as the 
company, are now ahead of the market regarding the maturity of the 
solution that we are preparing and regarding the -- also its cost side, which is 
not neglectable while partnering with our chip suppliers. So we at the tiny 
software to resolve several critical applications. So when we speak about 
regarding the content, we speak about applications which are mandatory, 
which we will have to provide, actually which OEMs will need to have as the 
functions for 5-star safety. This is the child presence detection. 
But we also speak here about add-on functions that we build by smartly 
engineering the software, which are the seat occupancy detection, so 
detecting the occupied seat and therefore replacing the current 
technology, which is existing there, which is actually basically the cables and 
sensors put in the seat. So by using radar, we can get rid of those existing 
sensors and basically get the new product at a very little cost.  
And also in addition to seat occupancy, we speak about intrusion and 
proximity alert; when basically in one sensor, we will also have the alarm 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 11 of 33 
 
 
function completely integrated in serial production. So that this is for the 
generation one of the products. So, child presence detection, seat 
occupancy and intrusion alert. Of course, and these are the feature on road 
maps of all OEMs. Of course, we are not sitting still knowing already what can 
happen in the generation two, and the work has been done also on more 
advanced features. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Now, to add to what Veljko said and to give an analogy that I think maybe 
everyone is familiar with, to say content per vehicle in a software-driven world 
is trying to, let’s say, how much does SAP cost or how much does Microsoft 
cost per machine. It's a very hard question. It depends on the optionality and 
modularity that you choose. If you choose just one function, Veljko told you 
about three, it could be one, it could be done in -- how many features do 
you want to add, depends on each provider, and it will be a choice between 
the OEM and between the Tier 1 and the chip designer.  
Similar thing, if you had asked us in 2017, that what is the content per vehicle 
of a driveline and electric vehicle, we won't be able to answer you. We are 
trying to do things which are at the cutting edge of what is available in the 
world today. To be the best, you have to be that person because -- if we 
that's a classic innovator's dilemma thing, to ask, how much is the 
addressable market and you think about what was asked to IBM in 1980, that 
how many computers do you think you can sell to our industry, go to and ask 
to Mr. Jelenic and Daimler, when the car industry started, that how many cars 
do you think you can sell? 
The question, I don't think it's the right question at this moment. The track 
record is there. The growth record is there. Like we said, we are going to grow 
very strongly and profitably. I don't think these subtilities of model making 
devices, like content per vehicle, need to fit in. And trust me, within 10 years, 
you'll realize that, that's not the question anymore. I think another request 
because he said about general autonomy, I think how radar perception can 
be used for enabling autonomous vehicle in its mobility function that I think 
you should also address. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Yes. So when we speak about autonomous driving, so basically, we have two 
worlds. One is inside of the cabin, and one is the outside. Basically, the most 
of the attention is focused on the outside now. Our solution was focused on 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 12 of 33 
 
 
inside of the cabin. So detecting what happens inside, I mean, one of our 
product lines. However, we do develop the other product lines, which are 
also based on the same radar technology, which resolved the exterior 
functions. Some of them are also already mandatory, some of them on the 
road maps, every of them basically on the big road map of having fully 
autonomous vehicles. 
And radar is the inevitable sensor that must be used if we want to have to 
achieve full autonomous driving. In the exterior world, we are focused on 
what we call short-range detection, so let’s say vicinity of the vehicles. So 
around the vehicle to allow what we call low-speed autonomous driving 
functions such as helping with parking, such as emergency brake in city-drive, 
such as detecting the pedestrians, and also providing not only that but 
interaction between the car, the people approaching or the passengers 
while detecting the gestures and other commands to unlock the car or 
protect the doors of the car. So this is where we are focused today. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you. Veljko. And Darko or Veselin, if you want to add anything on ASPER 
as a product or how ASPER helps autonomy, please take it. 
Veselin Brankovic: 
We are speaking about automotive, but we should have actually a much 
broader spectrum of the observation, the needs and what is our technology 
doing is addressing mobility world. Mobility is not only pure passenger 
vehicles. These are also transportation vehicles we already have in today, the 
agricultural construction, mining vehicles. There is also vehicles who have two 
wheels or three wheels. So, all of them will come and need to merge with 
new technologies together.  
The advantage of another growth, which is not purely automotive is that 
deployment of technology potentially a little bit faster, considering 
automotive design process and deployment of technology. Our ASPER 
platform can offer typically protection from potential collisions, which are 
coming from the back or rear radar observation for transportation vehicles 
and also for two and three wheel vehicles as well as a lateral protection. In 
many cases, in automotive world people are addressing only corner type of 
radars and front radars, and we are addressing rear radars and lateral radars. 
The main also difference between our approach and other approaches is 
that a lot of intelligence and signal processing is done on a module itself. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 13 of 33 
 
 
That means that ASPER type of products can be used for the aftermarket 
approach and also for approach where such are called EC unit or processing 
unit like we have in classic automotive vehicles is not existing. So that means 
we strongly believe that radar will be deeply employed in transportation 
vehicles like heavy vehicles and also will be deployed in vehicles like 
motorcycles, like e-bikes, where actually the size matters, where processing 
power matters and power consumption matters. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Veselin, that was actually -- yes, we missed that point that it is 
much broader than what is currently called automotive. We can move on to 
the next question, but every one of you who's here you are invited, and 
please do visit us all at the Auto Expo. You will get to see the technology live 
when in action. The demonstrator that some of you saw in the video would 
be there. I think it has landed in India today. 
You will also meet these three gentlemen and their teams. And you will also 
see the other perception applications of radar at our stall. So please do 
come. Seeing is much better than seeing on a video or a slide. So please try 
and come to our show. 
Moderator: 
Thank You. We invite our next questioner, that is from the line of Kapil Singh 
from Nomura. 
Kapil Singh: 
Maybe, first of all, congratulations for embarking on a new journey for third 
dimension of growth, really. So look forward to all the developments here, 
and to the entire Sona Comstar as well as NOVELIC team. I'll start with the 
NOVELIC team first. As somebody who is on the outside, what I would like to 
understand first is you are a profitable, high-growth kind of a company. And 
you've never raised capital as well. 
So when you look at this transaction, obviously, you are looking at something 
very strategic that comes to your table. So I heard you talk about the 
strategic fit. But if you could also share some - one or two examples of what 
you think, for example, Sona brings to the table from your perspective? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes. So Darko, Veselin, Veljko, anybody wants to answer that. Please go 
ahead. I'm not going to help you with this question. This is just for you guys. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 14 of 33 
 
 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
So maybe I can start and then we can all add on. So for us, we see a very 
serious company with high technology focus. So the company that was built 
on the innovation and that was able to commercialize its innovation on the 
market and which built the, lets say the spirit and the culture for that. And this 
is not something that you can build quickly or you miss some steps.  
Basically, you see that by doing conversations by moving on in tracking 
whether you have alignment. So this was the most important aspect from the 
beginning. We see that we can and will be mentored on our journey to grow 
NOVELIC in a very similar way just on the lets say another technological field. 
So like I said on my slide, we want to do in the world of ADAS sensors and 
autonomous driving what Sona already achieved in another pillar. Also, what 
is important for us is that they will give us the support, but they will give us also 
the freedom to operate. 
They believe in us, they will believe what we have built is on the healthy pillars 
and that we could execute. And we think this is important in these kinds of 
deals that you keep the momentum. You keep the momentum of your vision 
because it will take some time until we really align on all details, and we are 
sure we will. And by that time, we feel that we will get the freedom to operate 
and to build a NOVELIC like we envisioned. So, I don't know, if Darko and 
Veselin can add on. Darko, maybe you? 
Darko Tasovac: 
Yes, I would like to add. I think we get the experience. If I may summarize. 
Guidelines, and we can be taught also by Sona how to become a big 
company. We see it as a big brother and also not just that capital investment, 
but also like having a teacher who can provide us and lead us to this success, 
if I may summarize in a short sentence. 
Veselin Brankovic:  
I will add only one sentence. What we really respect the Sona is dynamic. 
Dynamic movement. We are facing that all automotive world is dramatically 
changing. You had a new ones approaching fast. We have the old ones, was 
still slower try to adapt. In a world of Tier 1 worlds where the Sona is -- because 
we engage with a lot of Tier 1 as a customer. This is our customers. You see 
that the organization matters are very old fashioned, which cannot allow 
them to act fast and to move -- they are not inventing, they are reacting on 
the needs for ones. You need to predict what one will need. You need to 
engage with ones in early stage. You need to invest in relationship with ones 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 15 of 33 
 
 
to understand their need before they are raising RFQs. And this dynamic is 
something that we'd like to follow-up together with Sona. We recognize this 
as a huge Sona advantage. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank You. One question is on just the growth opportunity. How should we 
think about it going ahead for this business? Is it a manufacturing capacity 
driven business where we need to make investments? What will the 
investment plan in next say two, three years? What is the capacity utilization 
if that is a relevant metric? And there was also a mention of a potential to or 
option to acquire a chip designing company, I believe. So, if you could just 
touch upon that as well? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Darko can take that one. But it's not a potential to acquire. We have a 
chip design company already. 
Kapil Singh: 
 
The transaction scope also includes acquisition of Nirsen. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes. So Nirsen has been -- it is a company owned by the NOVELIC founders in 
the same proportion. So this, as part of the transaction, Nirsen will be acquired 
by NOVELIC as a form of having the full integration going from chip design 
and putting the software on that the sensors and then the software. The one 
thing I'd like to add, and thank you guys for all the love. But also getting to 
mass manufacturing in millions takes a bit of experience. That's something we 
can bring. 
Everything else they can do independently, and we don't really, they don't 
require us as much. Yes, we're always there to mentor and guide but they 
already all of that. But yes, going from a few thousand to a few million is not 
a journey that is -- I mean, if you do it first step, it's much harder and longer, 
you go together, it's a bit easier, and we've been there. So that's a good 
advantage to have in that space. But the second point, Darko, you can talk 
about that also, what Kapil asked. 
Darko Tasovac: 
So, regarding the first, focus of the growth is definitely in the technology you 
have seen on the video. As Veljko already mentioned, this is a mandatory 
NCAP for car OEMs to have it in order to get the safety stars and safety points. 
So also, our road map is this something that we are pushing to be focused on 
our investment. We are in this field for a long time. We know the technology. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 16 of 33 
 
 
We have also a lot of patents there. And it seems for us, the first lets say 
success as the in-cabin that we mentioned on the video. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Kapil, because you also covered tech, that will be easier for you to 
understand. A lot of it, the investment is people because you're writing code, 
how many lines of code is basically the functionality. The board, you're not 
going to manufacture anyway, right? That comes, the chip is also -- its chip-
design, you're going to get the software part. It's just the manufacturing of 
just the sensor bits. That's the only bit that is there. So, capacity is a derivative 
of people, we are putting in primary so that the first three-year business plan 
is going to be self-funded after that primary. 
And beyond that, should right now doesn't look like. So, when I said 100 
million, the money is already there. I hope that this $100 million happens much 
earlier. And I hope then we need more money to do something bigger. Like 
we have, as you have seen with solar, I mean, if you say how much would 
the capex that we have previously outlined last time we spoke, what was 
about $120 million. $120 million, yes, is enough to service what was our order 
book till the end of last quarter? Next quarter's order book will increase and 
hence, funding increases.  
But yes, we are fairly good with, I would say, capital deployment, capital 
allocation and capital uses. We have a very -- I'd say, like I said, and this you 
would also appreciate, it's a very middle-class strong value on how to take 
every rupee, every euro and extend the maximum use out of it while not 
sacrificing our technology goals. It is extremely rare. And that's why, I mean, 
we acquired Comstar, I think in 2018 and for 4.5 years, we haven't done 
anything, because you rarely need somebody like that, if you need really 
high tech, high-growth company, then you have to talk about cash burn and 
all and we are not the people who can digest cash burn. We don't have that 
in our system. Or you meet people who only talk about things like, yes, this 
content per vehicle, $10 per vehicle, so many vehicles, this multiple, give me 
8 multiples, those. Why should I do something that I can buy the equipment 
and do myself. If you're not gaining any capability. If you're not adding 
anything to yourself as an organization as a human being, what are you 
doing? We are trying to make technology that the world looks to us for, which 
is why it started with our purpose. It is never purely financial, but it has to be 
financially sound. Finance is the second part of it, but it has to be highly 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 17 of 33 
 
 
profitable and able to stand on its feet. But this transaction that we've 
envisioned in the business plan that we've drawn out together, that funding 
is there. So we should be able to, on our own steam get to, like I said, the $100 
million target is because we all joke about it, but that's the time we become 
a real company. So that's the goal. And then, when we see how we take it 
from there and how quickly. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, look forward to that. Just one clarification. This $100 million includes what 
all, does it include in-cabin technology only or what all does it include? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So ACAM. ASPER, am I missing something Darko? So ACAM is a short form for 
in-cabin advanced. I don't know. You guys can take, Darko, Veljko can 
explain. And ASPER is the sensory perception one, plus we have IoT products 
also. Darko? 
Darko Tasovac: 
Yes. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, in 100 million, what would be the breakup like? 
Darko Tasovac: 
It's more a question for Veselin, I think. 
Veselin Brankovic: 
So, we would have two different main approaches is one a little bit smaller. 
The direction is that we are hoping that we are approximately equally strong, 
having us the type of the platform. And from other side, inside of the Cabin 
platform. 
There will be the main pillars of that what we are expecting as a revenue 
stream. You need to understand and we have in a space of the sensors, 
you're speaking in defining smart commodity hardware. If you get smart 
commodity hardware. After that, you can bring up new functionality 
considering 
machine 
learning, 
new 
functionality, 
considering 
new 
applications who are actually like a software. This software content together 
with hardware will make a difference. The value for the customer will be not 
necessarily -- actually, you will have a smart sensors, which we are going to 
develop.  
So in our road map, all type of platforms, the basic platforms which we are 
designing for the hardware point of view will be enhanced by 
comprehensive software updates for the different application, which will 
come constantly. So we are expecting that in this area, we will have having 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 18 of 33 
 
 
two major platforms, a lot of family of different products for different type of 
concrete applications, covering complete mobility. And we are starting the 
advantage like detecting people. Detecting people are means you can 
detect people inside of the vehicle. You can get detect people outside of 
the vehicle. You can detect the people also in an industrial environment.  
So all those things are there. But as said, we are focusing at the moment of 
mobility solution, where automotive itself, passenger vehicle is one part of the 
story. And the second part of the story is the rest of the applications in 
construction, the transportation, two and three wheel vehicles. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Kapil, in short ACAM, a cabin sensing, ASPER, which is sensory perception, 
which is outside the vehicle. These are the big two from product side, plus 
there will be engineering services and licensing. There is a lot of licensing 
income that we get because there are customers who want to deploy on 
their own. They just want you to design and get them the sensor software and 
you get paid for as many units they sell. So these are the three revenue 
streams. 
And licensing, currently, a large part of it is licensing and there, trust me, if you 
can think of any major European OEM, it is already there. So yes, that will also 
continue. However, over time, ACAM will be the biggest revenue stream. 
ASPER second biggest and licensing and software services as the third 
revenue stream. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you. I have other questions but will get back to the queue. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes. But the thing is in this changing world, where the product versus service 
or product versus solution, actually, it is solution now. The solution could be a 
piece of hardware or it could be a few lines of code. Now, you don’t 
manufacture lines of code. But you've got to do it together. I mean, you have 
come to our Chennai plant, and you've seen our IMCM. What does it look 
like? It's just a board with a lot of electronics, and you would wonder why is it 
so expensive is because of the millions of lines of code that go into. And that, 
I mean, somebody asked me once that what is the weight? How would that 
matter? 
I think, we all and hopefully, as people understand us as a company more, 
and I hope we can do that job. We sometimes are not that good at it. We 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 19 of 33 
 
 
can also help people realize that it is a very fast-changing world in a car that 
has 100 million to 200 million lines of code the old way of how much does it 
weigh and how much is value addition. Those days are going and very fast. 
So let's see how well we communicate this, that's always been a challenge, 
especially in India, right? I mean, I think it would be easier to communicate 
this in San Francisco or Israel or Stuttgart, but in India, it gets a little difficult 
because we are also used to what we see around us, and that still, perhaps, 
is a little behind where global mobility has already moved. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, Thank you 
Moderator: 
We move to our next question that is from the line of Hitesh Goel from CLSA.  
Hitesh Goel: 
Hi, everyone. Hello, Vivek, Rohit and Sona team and also the NOVELIC team 
and congratulations for a great deal. I just wanted to understand, I missed 
that structure part on the transaction first. Can you please explain that is it -- 
as founder how much going into the company, if you can explain that? And 
I also... 
Moderator: 
 
Hitesh, I'm sorry to interrupt. May I request you please speak a bit loud? 
Hitesh Goel: 
Can you hear me now? Yes. So, I just wanted to understand the structure of 
how much is there a stake sale of founders in this transaction? How much is -
- or how much is going to the company? And in EV Euro 64.5 million. So there 
is around Euro 23.5 million debt, right, in the company? Just wanted to 
understand the structure because I missed it. 
Rohit Nanda: 
So, I'll clarify. So, post-money valuation is Euro 75 million. And Sona will be 
acquiring 54% stake as a mix of primary and secondary. So, what Sona will 
pay out would be Euro 40.5 million as total consideration. And the payout is -
- has a staggered sort of cash outflow. So, 60% on closing and then 20% each 
at the end of 12 and 24 months, respectively. 
Hitesh Goel: 
 
Okay. And is there a debt in the company or it's totally? 
Rohit Nanda:  
No, no. It's near to zero, let's say. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Okay, so my second question would be, can we understand much better the 
background of the promoters on NOVELIC before starting NOVELIC. Just 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 20 of 33 
 
 
wanted to understand how they worked with -- in which companies so that 
we can understand some relationships? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So, who -- first of all, hi, Hitesh, I haven't seen your face for like in 1.5 
years. Darko, Veselin, who wants to take this one. 
Veselin Brankovic: 
I will tell as a couple of words. So, the company Novelic just celebrated 10 
year anniversary, recently. But generally, the core team, that means three of 
us, we have been working together previously in a German-based Tier 2 
company in Stuttgart. So, we were actually delivering solutions to Tier 1 
companies in Germany. 
And we were working together in this area for more than, I would like to say, 
I think, seven years before. So that means we are working quite a long time 
together. That was very important because it's not easy to make an 
innovative company, which also brings some money. It's not easy to make 
innovative company which can stand how to make a product. This is an 
essential thing in order to have this unique experience of how to make a 
product. 
This is a basic classical startup. He has excellent ideas. Maybe they can have 
a -- like a prototype but doesn't know how to make a product. So that means 
in this parallel world, you need to beat the other competencies to deliver 
maturity of the product and also to bring up the new ideas in front. So I think 
we managed to do it through our long experienced work in this area.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Veselin was their boss, Darko and Veljko, when he hired them. And then the 
three of them came back from Germany. Actually, if you understand a little 
bit about the European structure, a lot of people, the bright people from 
Serbia had to go and work in Western European countries like Germany, It 
happened in India as well. Like a lot of our brighter engineers went to the US 
and now we are also seeing that. And then all three of them thought why 
can't we do this in our home country. And that's why I said when he shared 
values and lot of things, but I'll let Darko speak on why they came back and 
started an entrepreneurial unit? 
Darko Tasovac: 
Yes. At that time, it was more than 10 years ago. Now we’re sitting on the 
table -- at the table, and we then decided -- we're speaking about any of 
these ideas we're discussing because we were based in Stuttgart. We had 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 21 of 33 
 
 
many connections with automotive industry. And then we came to the idea 
and be able to see how the mmWave radar sensor is going to be developed 
in the future. And we decided to go back in Belgrade and set up and 
founded the company. We started with five people. And today, we have 
more than 150 people. 
All three of us are -- have electrical engineering background. So, at the 
beginning of NOVELIC, we all were also designers, software developers. We 
did also the programming of these FPGA chips. We designed the chips. So, 
we have also skills there. And slowly as the company progressed and 
became larger and larger. We actually started to see that there is really a 
potential that needs to be used in order to develop this idea. 
Hitesh Goel: 
And just one more question. Do you think you will also get benefit from Sona 
relationships, global relationships in some of the OEMs or customers that they 
have? In Europe, you have a good relationship, but they had who have a 
relationship in China, US as well. So, is that a thought process while going with 
Sona? 
Darko Tasovac: 
Yes, also having access to these customers going hand-in-hand with our big 
brother. That's definitely something that can be useful for us and getting 
experience also from these relations with the OEMs with Tier 1s, how to deliver 
the products, how to communicate with them, how to set up these deals. 
How to go at the end into the production also of these products, that's 
something that definitely can Sona help us. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Great, and I wish all the best to you – both Sona and NOVELIC. 
Moderator: 
 
We take our next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi, a couple of questions from my side. One is on the structure of the 
transaction. So, can you talk about for the balance, 40%, is it linked to any 
milestones or it’s just the timing? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Just timing. I assume you’re asking about the payment transaction. 
Remaining 46% of the equity will be held in equal proportion by the three co-
founders. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And any road map for – or any call options that Sona has to acquire balance 
46% stake or that's not yet part of the transaction? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 22 of 33 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
No, it isn't, and it's also not part of our ideology. We are not chip designers, 
they are. We need to know what we are good at and what we bring to the 
table and what they bring to the table and respect that. It's not an asset 
acquisition, Jinesh, this is a capability. Capability lies within the individuals, not 
in a building or a machine. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And what sum of money goes into this EUR 40 million, how much goes into the 
company? You indicated the $100 million revenues would be largely 
funded... 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Actually, the details that Rohit shared, it is easy to do the math. The founders 
requested that we don't speak out how much they are getting. But the pre-
money and post-money valuation if it is provided in the slide, I think it's very 
easy to work the math backwards. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And this funding into the company will be good enough to take it to EUR 100 
million is what you indicated? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes. So, if we stay on the business plan, the funding plus obviously, the cash 
that is being generated by the company itself. This is a very high cash 
generation business. As you saw 27% of the net profit. So, with that and the 
growth is also a lot of free cash being thrown out. So that plus the primary 
infusion should in all probability get us to our business plan and frankly, a little 
beyond, but it's best to be a little conservative with these things. 
Capital will not -- we will not let it become a constraint to the growth of this 
company. Neither have we for ourselves. We started, if you remember, in 
2016, we were INR 350 crores company. And we have got this path, we have 
not really -- and we are still, I think, pretty much debt free and we can 
accomplish a lot if we use our cash wisely. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And lastly, can you talk about the competitive landscape for this 
solution, I mean not the technology, but the solution for in-cabin sensing and 
that way, where are we, NOVELIC is in terms of market share might be the 
wrong word, but where are we in terms of our competitiveness, if you can talk 
more about that? Thanks. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 23 of 33 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It's a very good question, but yes, solution and technology are both linked in 
a way. But Veljko, Darko, Veselin, who wants to take this one? And please be 
gentle on your competition. Don't say that one. So please go. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
So maybe I can try on this one. Good question, actually, a very good one. 
So, first question started among technologies basically. So, like for every 
sensing problem. So, at the beginning, there was the mmWave radar that we 
were doing. There was camera. There were some other technologies. And 
from recently, there is almost a consensus in the industry... 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Veljko do you want to show the slide of camera versus radar versus LiDAR, if 
you have it. Pratik, do we have that? Actually, it's a very good question, 
Jinesh, in many ways, because this perception problem, there are -- like 
people asked about hybrid versus electric versus hydrogen. We bet on 
electric. It's proven true. Right now, that same thing is going on. Although I 
think it's a multi-sensor thing. LiDARs, I don't know but it's okay. LiDAR is very, 
very, very expensive. Camera is the cheapest, but it suffers from a lot of 
problems. Not just privacy in many environmental conditions, it just doesn't 
work. And it is invasive. So not everybody appreciates that. So, radar is a bit 
of both plus the mmWave that Veljko is talking about is so accurate that and 
he has written a paper on it, by the way, and I might send it to you later that 
you can actually do ECG, you can detect skin movement. You can get the 
heart rate, you can do an ECG using radar waves, it's that accurate. So 
insanely high level of accuracy, which is far beyond cameras; at a 
reasonable cost and not the cost of LiDAR. And that's the big, big advantage 
between the technologies. And Veljko, again, you can go on with the 
competition within radar. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Yes, exactly. So the choice among technologies, then they are narrowed 
down for -- to the mmWave radar for the applications that we are 
mentioning. Of course, here is important to say, and we will follow the story, 
that for the other applications that also existing in-cabin but also outside. So 
there is no single sensor, which is the best solution in all terms. So, there will be 
always coexistence of those. And that's why we built our competencies 
focused on radar, but also ready to do the sensor fusion when the time 
comes. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 24 of 33 
 
 
But now we are focused on the radar and on these particular features that 
we mentioned for the in-cabin. In that world regarding the competition, so 
basically, today, there is one Tier 1 who is working directly on developing the 
solution. And there are many others who are from the companies like us. And 
in that domain, basically, we do have a couple of competitors who joined 
quite late compared to us. So we started this about 10 years ago. We could 
have not been right, but luckily or maybe knowing some things about 
technology, we were right. So we were ignored for the first five years that the 
radar will be technology for in-cabin. 
So the people were quite reserved for that function. But it proved to be the 
best performing and also safe on the other hand. So now we are, a lot ahead 
of what those others are developing in terms of maturity, like I said on my part 
of the presentation and the performance.  
So we really understand both the technology but also the problems of the 
scenery and the application. So there, we are quite confident that, of course, 
there is competition, there will be, like in all automotive value chains, I mean, 
it's unhealthy to have one supplier for any application. But we are very 
convinced that our solution has good, unique selling point. And I would dare 
to say also, the unfair advantage when we are now taking off while receiving 
the RFQs from OEMs. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Jinesh, I think we can take a few names here, Veljko, because those are 
public, like Veoneer is doing something in sensors. Who else that we can 
name? There was an Israeli company that got acquired by Harman right now, 
Caaresys. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Yes. Then we have the company called Bitsense from Asia also, who is doing 
a similar solution. We have the company Vayyar. Those are the companies 
who are, in the value chain on the level where we are. And some of the Tier 
1s are publicly working on that. Some are working, some are actually 
exhibiting today the solutions that also come from us. But like I said, in the Tier 
1 world, there is only one company, where we are doing in-cabin radar. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And that Tier 1 is working with you. The name which were taken is the same 
one Infineon? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 25 of 33 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So the Tier 1 who is working in most advance is working with the NOVELIC 
team. They are obviously customer name, they don't want to take. But it's a 
traditional Tier 1, which is fairly advanced, and they are using NOVELIC 
chipsets on these things. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Just to correct, they use our software and models. So and we are, by the way, 
regarding the chip for this technology. So, although we have the 
competencies for the chips like Vivek mentioned. And this is in, let's see, also 
in alignment with the philosophy of the new value chain that I mentioned 
before. So we need to make smart partnerships and collaboration a lot more 
and a lot stronger to get the products that we develop, which are quite 
complex. So in this particular thing for the in-cabin, and that's also the public 
information, we are the preferred partner of Infineon. So on their website, you 
can see NOVELIC is the preferred partner for in-cabin also on our side. So that 
means we are using their chip. And we are using our software and our 
module development part so that we make the fully integrated smart sensor 
for in-cabin. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Thanks, and all the best. 
Veljko Mihaljovic: 
Thank you. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thanks, Jinesh. Good to see you.  
Mr. Deshmukh, I think, has a flight actually at an airport trying to board, I think 
Darko and Veselin are also at different airports. So this is a truly global team. 
We have one person in Belgrade, one in Mumbai, two in Delhi, one in 
Amsterdam and one in Las Vegas at the CES show. So they're going straight 
from CES to India auto expo. So while the next questioner comes, please, do 
visit. I think you'll be able to understand much more at our stall. 
Moderator: 
We invite the next question that is from the line of Chirag Shah from Nuvama. 
Chirag Shah: 
My question is, a very wonderful insight that you have shared and 
congratulations to both the teams for this wonderful transaction. Two 
questions. From NOVELIC perspective, what is the inflection point as far as 
ADAS is concerned? Level 2 itself is the inflection point or Level 4 and 5. And 
if it is Level 4 and 5 in your assessment today, realistically what -- how much 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 26 of 33 
 
 
time will need to achieve those levels because -- and the enablers over there, 
which -- where you can commercialize that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Great question. Before we go to level to level 4, 5, actually, the biggest 
inflection point has come last year, when NCAP, the rating to get 5-star rating, 
you have to have in cabin sensing. Second will be when 2025, this becomes 
a compulsory, a mandate. So you know that in many of our technologies that 
exist in automotive today, they got pushed because of safety reason by 
regulators, airbags, seat belts. Similarly, in-cabin sensing. That's why I said that 
will be the biggest revenue stream. 
The inflection point will come when it becomes mandated by law, which 
should be 2025. In NCAP ratings, it has already come. So that is already there. 
On other the inflection point on the ASPER part, which is the sensory 
perception or autonomous part, I’ll let Veljko or Darko answer on what level 
would it become even more, although Chirag har level pe (at every level), 
there is something. But Veljko, do you want to take this? 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Yes. So basically, for in-cabin sensor formally, I think it's classified in Level 2, but 
I'm not sure. And -- but what’s more important than the level is -- the need 
and the regulation which requires it and that we have a solution to that. So 
this is what gives us the confidence that this product is needed and it will 
reach in time to the market. Regarding the exterior function. So basically, how 
should I say, yes, there are many players now working on all levels. So the 
ones that do the thing they claim they are on the level 5. There is a journey to 
get there. And on that journey, I think what the industry realizes is that there 
will be very tough to -- for many single companies, even the biggest ones to 
resolve those functions. So what we think is that -- and what our strategy 
would be that we would share a couple of, independent solutions, which are 
covering some niche aspects of all levels of autonomous driving, where we, 
own the complete product. And for the ambitious systems for full autonomy, 
we think that we will be partnering with the others. 
And we would provide not necessarily the complete solution, but also the 
domain-specific subsystem, which results for a particular function within that 
level of autonomy. So this is the more the, the road in which we believe in. For 
example, I can give you concretely. So for example, within the short range 
radars. So you have like in the Level 3 already, you have like a dozen already 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 27 of 33 
 
 
to really have even the partial automation. And whereas many are speaking 
about their advancements in all domains, we are still facing the products 
which are at the best level in the radar world, they are Level 2 plus, or even 
the ones that claim they have Level 5 there. So, this is how this story is 
complex. And we think that if one has a good product, which resolves a 
particular niche and set of applications, then there would be definitely the 
need for that one. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah. So Chirag, it's more linear than exponential. So Level 2, there are 
already 10 or 12 sensing needs you require. At Level 3, you get to parking, 
kick sensor, doors, if you come to or proximity. Level 4, you increase more 
because more systems become semiautonomous or autonomous. So it is a 
curve on which it keeps going up, but it's not a step function. So it's a linear 
45-degree kind of thing, and it just keeps increasing a return of increase. So 
that will be a better way to picture it. 
Chirag Shah: 
In your assessment, moving one step away from Level 2 to Level 3 or Level 3 
to Level 4, how much time would it take? Is it a five to six year journey, or you 
expect regulations to be helpful and it could happen much sooner? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
That's a very good question, and I don't think any of us can know the full 
answer. I would say, the world is today at Level 2.5 already very comfortably. 
Actually, the journey from 4 to 5 is the tricky one to predict. But I don't know, 
Veselin or Veljko you want to take a shot, 2.5 to 4, that's slightly easier to 
predict. Full driving by the vehicle or something to do claim it. That's quite fine. 
That's I think about 10 years easily, maybe 15, maybe I don't even know. But 
2.5 to 4 Veljko or Veselin, do you want to take a shot? 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
I just wanted to add that there is even now the debate in the industry whether 
Level 3 and 4 actually make sense to be deployed. Because they give you 
the freedom to hand over to the vehicle to operate, but they also keep you 
accountable be react at any time. So, from that perspective, there is a 
debate whether it be deployed. But anyhow, like Vivek said regarding the 
development, this must go in this linear way. So from Level 1 to 2 to 3 to 4 and 
so forth. So how long basically so. 
Chirag Shah: 
It's a tough one, I understand that. It's a tough one. Sir, lastly, let me squeeze 
in one question. On the investment areas that you're looking at, so whatever 
money that is coming in the company and even beyond that, what are the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 28 of 33 
 
 
areas where you're looking to put the money to use? Is that more capacity, 
is it more capability? Within capabilities, what are you looking at? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
That I'll let the NOVELIC team answer. Again, the investment, the current one 
and the business plan that we have spoken about is only restricted to ACAM, 
in-cabin, ASPER, which is outside cabin and licensing and services. That's it, 
these three revenue stream. There is potential to add actually many more. As 
you heard, now realized with us that what we started out with even when we 
IPOed, only three, four products. Every year, we add at least three, four new 
products, so revenue streams keep getting well, right now, that is for that. 
However, this – what is the capex deployed for, Veljko if you want to or Veljko, 
actually Veljko's in charge of spending the money. So he should answer 
where this is going. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
So basically, most of that will go into the developing the programs that we 
are in today. So it's really the investment in competencies. Of course, some 
parts would go in investing in preparing for the serial production and 
manufacturing, especially for this exterior radar that you mentioned, the 
ASPER and especially for the aftermarket and also here in machine and two, 
three-wheeler segments. Because there, we also plan to ship the complete 
modules with hardware and software. 
Chirag Shah: 
So, you do the investment in human capital, you need to add more people 
as you move to $100 million, you will need to add more people or that all the 
developments of that has been invested already? 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
So we will grow in the number of people also definitely, yes. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
But, Chirag, to add to what Veljko already said, we also need to add in 
people side, because we're getting into serial production now, also product 
people. So, I think already hiring great product guys from fairly-fairly reputable 
companies like Microsoft, etcetera. So, we are getting a good product and 
program and serial production, as I said earlier, when you go from a few to a 
few million, there is a journey. So apart from just machine and infra and 
assembly benches, we also need to get the right people for the right kind of 
growth. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 29 of 33 
 
 
Moderator: 
 
We invite the next question from the line of Siddharth Bera from Nomura. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So while Siddharth joins, Aman, if I may request, we would, you know us and 
we ordinarily never close the call early. It's been 1.5 hours. Mr. Deshmukh 
already left for his flight, two other gentlemen have to leave for flights since 
we've been on this deal closing for the last week or so, we haven't any of us 
have not slept really for a long time. So, if this could be the last question, we 
love to talk again, please visit us, and we'll talk there, but it's been a long, I’d 
say seven, eight days for all of us. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, most of the questions have been 
answered. Just I think on the addressable size which you had indicated, will it 
be fair to say that, the mix will be more skewed towards products and less of 
a tech or it can be more of tech and less of products? And even within that, 
in terms of the addressable market, will the in-vehicle and outside vehicle will 
be similar, or there is a segment which is bigger, so some clarity on this 
aspect? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. But I would say, if you are looking at NOVELIC 2028, the larger part of 
revenue comes from products. In product, the largest product should be 
ACAM just because value per unit would just be higher. Second largest 
should be ASPER followed by the third category of the products. We’re still, 
and I'm trying to break Siddharth the technology, everything is technology, 
the product that you use, the way we are speaking to each other is 
technology, right? However, the device that you use, it’s a product and the 
services are the solution that you can't see, but you're getting charge for. As 
core OS, the operating system or the service provider or the telecom network 
provider. So we will be doing both. Any guess, Darko, or Veselin, what is the 
ratio of product to service? 70:30, is that fair? 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
Yes. That's fair, roughly, Vivek that you mentioned. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, 70-30, 70 products, 30 services and licensing. Licensing is repeating 
recurring revenue without extra effort or expense. Those are great revenue 
streams to have, and we don't want to let go, which is why it's harder. Like I 
said, this is a combination, like we already started doing it. When we started 
realizing and some people ask us why your margins higher than others in the 
industry, because we are not a pure product company even now. A lot of 
what we do is because the product is high technology, a lot of services are 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 30 of 33 
 
 
being attached and we are getting the money for it. So, it's similar but even 
more, I would say, tech intensive. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have one last text question. That is from the line of Prateek 
Poddar from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Could you please talk about how would you charge the OEMs for mmWave 
radar products? Would it be SaaS-based or based on price path? Also, which 
third-party chip suppliers are we using to embed our software on? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
That actually is a very good question. I have to complement Prateek. I think 
the best question for the last but, okay, who wants to take this one. It is a very, 
very relevant question on how the pricing model also will be developed. And 
is it a SaaS-based model or is it product plus both? And which chipset, Veljko 
you can go with which chip are we embedded with. 
Veljko Mihajlovic: 
So yes, regarding the chips that we are using, we are partnering with Infineon 
with Texas instruments, returning fees for, let's say, various product 
developments, particularly for in-cabin solution, we are partnering with 
Infineon. Because we identified their chip as the best fit for that product and 
to put in our software. 
Regarding the pricing model, I think Veselin can amend on that. So, SaaS is, 
of course, something that is envisioned for the future. And I think there, we will 
accommodate basically to how the complete value chain behaves. So, I 
think the OEMs now need – have the way to go on their pricing model and 
then that will respectively translate to all the Tiers in the, say, with different -- 
with – for their different features that we are providing. 
So, we can imagine in the future, which is not so distant that this sensor, for 
example, has like a mandatory function, which is regulated by law, which is 
child presence detection. And then one can pay for intrusion detection. 
So, to share let's say, the alarm feature set on or off depending whether he's 
spending summer in some isolated island or some dense city or so. So, this is 
the future that is definitely coming. But for the third generation of the 
products, we are definitely going to the model where we charge per piece 
of our IP or product delivery. Maybe Veselin can comment more on that. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 31 of 33 
 
 
Veselin Brankovic: 
Just I would like to say also if you look at carefully new experiences now for 
our Auto Show in Las Vegas. I think there is changes in the future in 5 to 10 
years that at least many car manufacturers say, yes, software company. So, 
we have a software vehicle. I say, it's very nice to say you've software vehicle 
but need to have hardware component. So, enabling this software that are 
differentiating. 
So that means there is this tendency to try to put some kind of -- how should I 
say new business model. We are listening this carefully. We just want -- do not 
want to come to the position to act on the classical purchasing pressure 
given the price down. So, we would like to say how can I help you to make a 
more interesting business model so that you are happy about it. So, this is 
something which we are seriously thinking, we cannot discuss this too much 
right now, but we are trying also in a very dense communication and 
exchange with Tier 1s. But I need to say also with OEMs, and this is actually 
what we previously said, I don’t think it is changing. So, Tier 2 companies can 
go and engage with OEMs directly. So, to try to find what is the best solution 
for the business model, which is convenient for both sides. So I think I’ll let the 
things still happen. But we think that the classical type of approach will keep 
for the next years. But I really don't know how much and how fast the things 
will change after 5 years, time. We will see a lot of changes in the business 
models. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes. So I'll just summarize, Prateek, because it is an excellent question, and 
one we wondered about the 10 years later, how do you monetize 
technology, so revenue monetization models would be one and I think at 
least for both ACAM and ASPER large part would be still the traditional, the 
OEM buys the module on which we can play one of two parts exactly like we 
do in differential, we could either be the software guys and we can be in the 
software plus the hardware guys. Same as we do in, let's say, our driveline 
business, we can either be -- the guys who do the whole gearbox or we can 
be just the differential assembly guys. So that's why the two levels. That should 
still stay the largest form of the monetization model. 
Second one would be in licensing and Veljko talked about, like imagine your 
car has a device like your smartphone, you can download apps on it, all the 
apps exist. And if you pay, there is a paid version or a not, and then some of 
the apps which are only paid. So, if you pay for intrusion alarm, that intrusion 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 32 of 33 
 
 
alarm will become active. The hardware for it is being inbuilt by default. The 
software becomes active. And per use, the provider or the licensor gets paid. 
That should become our second revenue stream. 
Third, not directly to OEM, but even Tier 2, Tier 1, like I said, the boundaries 
have just gone away. The same guy can be your competitor, the same guy 
would be a customer. And currently, a lot of leading OEMs are integrating 
very large systems with sensing software and sensing hardware, which 
NOVELIC already provides today. And these things should also continue to 
grow as functionalities increase. 
But yeah, many avenues to monetize as mobility itself starts shifting, I mean if 
you go very into the future, Mobility as a Service would become there that 
for a person, it is the journey from point A to point B. it could be done using 
many devices that are all provided by the same integrator. You could get 
into a subway get out, get into a bus, get into a car and then in the end take 
a scooter if that is the best thing that your mobility provider face. 
And you pay by using. So, a lot of this is evolving. We have prepared for all of 
that. But even if nothing happens, like I said, the traditional way of tipping the 
whole product that works, you fit it in, as they said, plug-and-play that should 
still remain a large part of it. 
On the chipset part, we work with literally every chip provider. However, for 
the in-cabin sensing, we are embedded with Infineon. For other applications, 
we work with Texas Instruments, NXP and Infineon and others. But excellent 
question, Prateek. 
Moderator: 
That would be our last question for today. I'll now like to hand the call over to 
Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh for closing comments. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, thank you so much, everyone, for listening. We are available to explain 
this and more. And even the NOVELIC team would be available 12th, 13th, 
14th and 15th at the Auto Expo in Pragati Maidan, Delhi, hope to see as many 
of you as possible. As you know, we are fairly approachable as a team. We 
also really, really love feedback. So as much feedback as possible. It helps us 
iterate, improve and get better. So thank you so much. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Adding a New Pillar of Growth 
Page 33 of 33 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sona Comstar, 
that concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation. You may 
now click on the exit meeting to disconnect. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
