 
 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited 
CIN: L26942HR1958FLC042301 
Registered Office 
2nd Floor, Plot No. 68, Sector-44, 
Gurugram, Haryana 122002, India 
Phone +91-124-4503700 
Fax +91-124-4147698 
Website: www.mycemco.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HCIL: SECTL:SE:2022-23 
                
     
 
              17 February 2023 
 
 
BSE Ltd.  
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Listing Department   
 
 
 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code:500292 
 
 
 
Trading Symbol: Heidelberg 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call - Regulation 30(6)   
 
This has reference to our letter dated 14 February 2023 informing about conference call 
being organised by PhillipCapital (India) Pvt. Ltd. Further to our aforesaid letter please find 
attached transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors held on 15 February 2023 
on Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 
31 December 2022. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.mycemco.com/financial-results  
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HeidelbergCement India Ltd. 
 
 
 
Rajesh Relan 
Sr. Vice President- Corporate Affairs & 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: a.a 
 
RAJESH 
RELAN
Digitally signed 
by RAJESH RELAN 
Date: 2023.02.17 
16:21:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“HeidelbergCement India Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
Fiscal 23 Call” 
 
February15, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAMSHED NAVAL COOPER – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, HEIDELBERGCEMENT INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ANIL SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
HEIDELBERGCEMENT INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VAIBHAV AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the HeidelbergCement Q3 and 9 Months 
Fiscal 23 Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. 
As a reminder, for the duration of this conference all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s presentation. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Vaibhav Agarwal from PhillipCapital 
(India) Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
Thank you Aman. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, 
we welcome you to the Q3 FY23 and 9 Months FY23 Call of HeidelbergCement India Limited. 
On the call we have with us Mr. Jamshed Naval Cooper – Managing Director and Mr. Anil 
Sharma – Chief Financial Officer of HeidelbergCement India Limited. Due to certain 
unavoidable medical circumstances, Mr. Joydeep Mukherjee – Chief Operating Officer has not 
been able to come on this call and we regret this inconvenience.  
I would like to mention on behalf of HeidelbergCement India Limited and its Management that 
certain statements that may be made or discussed on this conference call maybe forward-looking 
statements related to future developments and the current performance. These statements are 
subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors which may cause the actual 
developments and results to differ materially from the statements made. HeidelbergCement India 
Limited and the management of the company assumes no obligations to update or publicly alter 
these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or future events or 
otherwise. 
Also, HeidelbergCement India Limited has uploaded a copy of the Q3 FY23 presentation on 
their stock exchange on its website. Participants are requested to download a copy of the 
presentation from these websites. 
I will now hand over the floor to the Management of HeidelbergCement India Limited for the 
opening remarks which will be followed by interactive Q&A. Thank you and over to you, 
Cooper Sir. 
Management: 
Thank you Vaibhav and big thank you to all the people who have joined the conference today. I 
hope you have received and read the presentation what we have uploaded on our website but let 
me take you through this presentation taking you to on the highlights of our December quarter 
key messages. 
I am very happy to say that the share of green power has increased substantially and I think this 
is one of the bright sides of it because this will help us in the future in a very big way. There is 
a 33% increase in green power and I am delighted that the team has done a good job. 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
We continue to produce 100% blended cement so this is one of the major highlights of us as we 
remain focused on our CO2 commitment so this continues as such.  
For volumes have increased on a quarter-on-quarter basis although there is a decrease on a year-
on-year basis, but the reason is very simple that we had some warehousing problems also other 
than this thing, but I think that is behind us. I think that will be overcome that. So, these volumes 
unfortunately got a hit. Now we should be coming out of the woods. 
The cost increase has been about 9%, which has been partially offset by the price increase so 
long way to go for us. Now in this quarter the cost would have come down somewhat cost 
because of the fuel cost has come down so we should be able to garner a little bit of momentum 
on this account and do better. 
EBITDA dropped to 339 that is mainly because of the power and fuel cost which has increased, 
which has almost a significant impact on this. 
The other highlight which is a positive side is that Heidelberg continues to operate on a negative 
working capital. So, this is one thing which we have the distinction and net cash is about 1.5 
billion with us.  
Coming to the next point in the presentation you can see how green power is increased. So, the 
team is doing a fantastic job of focusing on green power, taking a very responsible action, a very 
responsible behavior to ensure that we are compliant and we remain compliant and we prepare 
our organization which is future-ready when CO2 becomes one of the major elements where we 
have to bite the bullet.  
Coming to the next thing is on CO2 to just to support our CO2 and also to support the clean and 
green environment you can see the way we have done our plants greenery. We say now we have 
plants in plants in plants in plants. So, this is where we say that we have made a difference to 
the whole organization and I see this has helped seen reducing the ambient temperature in our 
plants, which was the target to come to two degree slower. So, we are in many of our plants we 
have reached that target and we will continue to do better. The happiness quotient in the plant is 
better, the employee productivity goes up. So, all these things have helped us in one way or the 
other.  
Coming to the next slide you can see the bio-diversities which are there. So, being passionate 
about environment I had to take these things in front of you so that you see that we also make 
cement, but we also ensure that the environment around us is kept in the best of its position and 
we are seen by the society also as responsible corporates when it comes to maintenance of 
environment is concerned. 
CSR – our obligation to society continues unabated. We are doing so much work with our 
neighboring schools you can see these pictures on health camp or whether it is school, building 
whatever we are doing.  

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Now let us get to the focused area which is our bread and butter and also much more area of 
interest for you. I think you have gone through all the figures we can discuss these figures and 
how they have impacted us. As I said the volumes are basically impacted because of little bit of 
disruption and the impact is seen. The cost elements which have been circled in red are a cause 
of worry for us because of the other elements of cost, but now I think we will be able to pull it 
out. 
While we are here, let me put it during the last year that is Calendar 2022 we ran a program 
which was called as mission possible. Every plant was given a target with 10 years of historic 
data where we had done the best of our performance, the BDP that is the best demonstrated 
practice was taken as a benchmark and then we gave these targets and we worked along with 
our teams to see that how we can reach and replicate the same performances this year and I am 
very happy to say that our cement plants have done a fantastic job both in terms of power and 
fuel and these results will be permanently embedded so this is not onetime change which has 
happened, but this change is permanent in nature and we should be able to do lower gigajoule 
close to about 3.07, 3.06 and in the power also close to about 70 units. So, we should be able to 
start doing this in future also.  
Coming to the next slide, you can see in this the waterfall which we have created here the major 
impact is on account of power and fuel. Despite consumption factors being improving, input 
cost has been higher and because of the inventory we carried for a higher cost inventory so that 
has impacted us, but I think this is temporary in nature nothing to worry, this will get reversed 
very soon as because we are fully focused and committed on seeing to that we can reduce our 
consumption factor.  
Coming to the next Slide #10: 
Net cash is about 1.4 billion, 1.5 billion which I mentioned and how it compiles and how piles 
up. In this year two tranches of payments which will be given to the UP Government there is a 
loan which is an interest-free loan to us. So, 336 and 629 will go out in this financial year. So, 
this is where we stand.  
Coming to the Slide #11: 
Happy to inform you that under the Government of Madhya Pradesh, the State Government had 
announced auction certain mines which were adjoining to our mines. Since it was a close mines 
which were adjoining to our existing mines there was interest for us to have it and we bid also, 
we have to bid aggressively against this bid and then finally we ended up paying 100% premium 
on that, but still I would say it will extend the life of this plant significantly and it will add more 
value and it will open up additional scope for us to expand this plant in the near future. We are 
taking we have told you already that on Line #3 we have to do a debottlenecking, so now the 
team has been given the go ahead. So, now this year we will be doing some work on it and 
placing orders of the equipment. So, next year we should be able to bring this on stream.  

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Coming to the Slide #12: 
Our road volumes percentages is almost the same 49%, 50% we always manage between road 
and rail so nothing much change here. 
Premium products has always been focus for us luckily we were good enough with our teams 
thought process we could launch a new bag in between like Power is on the upper end side and 
in between there was a vacuum. So, we wanted to fill up this vacuum in between because Power 
now from the 1st January it is Rs.45 a bag higher than the normal bag and this is about Rs. 15 a 
bag Mycem Primo which is there. So, we have positioned one more product in between and that 
has seen good traction happening in the brand area. So, I think the team will be able to get more 
and more volumes and there is no cannibalization I would say on Mycem Power by introduction 
of this, Mycem Power continues to shine in its own glory and Mycem Primo is creating a new 
segment of reaching out or building a new customer segment for us.  
Coming to coal percentages: 
I do not want to talk too much on this because this is a technical issue. Ultimately the team has 
to manage the lower possible cost whether it is coal or petcoke today. The coal and petcoke are 
close to about 660 to 670 per gigajoule which is almost now you can switch over between each 
of them, but then there are economic advantages and disadvantages of using coal and petcoke. 
A higher ratio of petcoke has its own advantages and disadvantage is vice versa for coal also. 
So, that we internally we manage this and we see to it that we can get the lowest possible fuel 
cost for our per ton of clinker.  
Trade continues to be around 75, 76 which is there, but the focus in future will be to more focus 
on trade and not on nontrade. Despite that knowing very well that the next year in 2024 there 
will be a more and more push on infrastructure by the government and there will be more and 
more cement which will be required under nontrade, but since it is a price difference today in 
this last quarter also the price difference has been more than Rs. 600 to Rs. 650 a ton between 
trade and nontrade in realization. So, I would say that it is our duty to see that we sell whatever 
product available at the best possible price, but anyway we can always rejig this.  
Happy to inform that you ‘Apex India Safety Award’ was conferred on our Jhansi Plant and this 
is one more feather in our cap. 
Now coming to the outlook: 
India we all know that is the fastest growing economies in the world and I think it will continue 
to stay like this. Cement demand in government projects will increase in 2023 because coming 
seeing that in 2024 you are having the elections and the budget has also been supporting that. It 
is complementing this by the government allocation the way they have come under Aawas Vikas 
Yojana and whether it is infrastructure or it is logistic transport, 100 Logistics Excellence 
Projects have come in. So, I think this is one area where we will see. Rabi crop has been good 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
so it will pep-up the rural demand, fuel prices are softening so there is a little better improvement 
in this which we have and the only fear is that if the government demand does not come up then 
we can have a little bit of a problem, but I do not see it relenting in any way in this quarter or the 
quarters to come in the future.  
There is one silver lining here there is a probability of GST reduction, but yes I say that there 
will be a reduction, but the cement manufacturers will be responsible for giving away this GST 
back to the consumers. So, if it becomes more affordable if he can increase the consumption 
alone by this method I think we should not become greedy about taking any share out of the 
GST and we should look at increasing the consumption of cement that would be my way of 
looking at it.  
Last but not the least let me inform that this will be my last address to you as a Managing Director 
of the organization as I have decided to demit office on 31st March it has already been announced 
to the SEBI and to the stock exchanges we have announced it, the Board accepted my resignation 
and agreed to relieve from 31st of March. Post that Joydeep will take over as the Managing 
Director of the organization and right now Joydeep is a Chief Operating Officer already 
appointed, there is a period of takeover and I will ensure that the entire support is given to him 
and then he takes over this very smoothly, the transition becomes smooth on this. 
So, this is all I have to say and a big thank you to all of you for being supportive all the time and 
look forward to your continued support in the future too. Any questions here very happy to 
answer.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to know in terms of the volume decline that we have seen so not only for this 
quarter even if I look at for the 9 months also we have seen a 9.5% volume drop at the same time 
in terms of the trade share for this quarter has also declined significantly to 76% versus last 
quarter Q2 FY23 was 83%, so 7% decline there and in terms of the premium share also has 
declined from 240% from 55%, so just wanted to understand what is going wrong and how do 
one can see what is your outlook on this? 
Management: 
Let me answer your question in the reverse order in terms of our premium there was an 
accounting change, we had introduced this new brand and there was some method of computing 
which we were doing so that is not actually 57 now this is a true picture which is on the total 
trade volume. So, you can now take this figure as a correct figure rather than taking the 57 there 
was a computing with which the way it was computed is one of those different and this time the 
computation is different, but you can see that there is a consistent growth in the premium product 
which has been there. If you look at the volume it has been on a consistent growth so that you 
should take at the absolute volume also you can see that difference. Coming to the volumes of 
last 9 months yes we agree with you and last quarter we lost with of course as I mentioned to 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
you because of some warehousing issues, some small issues which we were not able to manage, 
some changes in the warehouses has happened, some people have come moved here, some days 
of loss of sales which has happened. I mean to the earlier quarters, yes, but now you should also 
look at how we have improved over quarter-on-quarter. quarter-on-quarter we have improved 
by almost 10%. So, there is a trajectory of improvement. So, I would say that the past has 
relevance, but the trend also has much more to be looked at it is the company doing its job to 
ensure that it comes back on it, brings its trajectory back on growth. So, I think that the 
organization is there and now we are working with some more inputs with some more advisors 
and consultants on market issues where in this quarter the work has begun. So, I think in the 
quarters ahead you will see some very positive results coming out of the efforts of the 
management and I am sure you will see that. So, I am not concerned about worried about this, 
but yes as I mentioned to you that capacities have increased. So, sometimes what happens some 
competitors become very aggressive. So, some people are there who have hit our volumes 
adversely by bringing prices at very low prices. So, the team was not prepared all of a sudden to 
change its product mix or I would say the pricing strategy and that is how we get impacted, but 
these are all temporary I would say these are tactical issues any new brands comes sometimes 
we are unlucky, somebody else will be unlucky, somebody will focus in my market, somebody 
next time I will focus in their market. So, it is a battle which keeps going on in a fair and 
competitive working environment, there is no harm in being competitive and trying to protect 
your share. I am sure Heidelberg has history stands testimony at that Heidelberg has always 
remained on good trajectory, we have delivered years on years of continuous improvement in 
volumes. I am sure we will get back, bounce back and should not be a problem.  
Shravan Shah: 
So sir continuing on this how do one see the fourth quarter in terms of the volumes so this quarter 
we did 1.1 million in terms of the volumes so fourth quarter how do we see, so just wanted to 
understand as a full year how much decline one can see and at the same time when we are seeing 
there is accounting issue in the premium share, so is it possible for you to release the historical 
quarterly premium share with the revise accounting to make it more comparable? 
Management: 
Shravan we will give you that is not a problem, how we computed it and how would we arrive 
at it that we will give you the details not a problem.  
Shravan Shah: 
So, in terms of the fourth quarter how do we see in terms of the volume? 
Management: 
So, in the fourth quarter I am sure that there will be a positive improvement only I do not think 
we should be anywhere in the negative.  
Shravan Shah: 
And in terms of the pricing so there also this quarter we have seen a decline in the realization, 
so two things have we seen any price increase post December and the current prices are there 
still lower than the average of the third quarter and the last is on the costing power and fuel, Kcal 
basis, what is the cost for the third quarter on Kcal and how it is trending currently? 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Management: 
So, on the size of the cost we are better off than last year. So, we will see a positive impact on 
the cost side. On the price side I think the price should start looking up and started looking up in 
some places, in South it has started moving up now I can see that this trajectory will continue in 
Central India also.  
Shravan Shah: 
Is it possible to share the Kcal cost for the third quarter and what is currently trending? 
Management: 
In the December quarter this on kilo calorific value it was around Rs. 2.85 paisa and we have 
seen that in the December quarter it was slightly lower than our September quarter and 
considering the softening of the imported petcoke and coal price in the import market. We also 
foresee that there may be some slight reduction in the coal and petcoke prices in the March 
quarter.  
Shravan Shah: 
And on the Gujarat expansion anything you want to highlight sir? 
Management: 
On the Gujarat expansion we have not yet the ToR, but we have started data collection. So, by 
February end we will get in and by March we should be able to apply for a ToR. So, this is on 
the right path which are going, we are talking to the government also on this. Hopefully, we 
should see that the project we collect the data and we can get our ToR and start some activities 
there.  
Shravan Shah: 
You mentioned sir the debottlenecking so what would be the in terms of the quantification how 
much increase in the capacity at grinding or clinker level are we looking at and what kind of a 
CAPEX are we looking at? 
Management: 
In terms of 250,000, 200,000 tons of clinker should be additionally available to us.  
Shravan Shah: 
Sorry sir 200? 
Management: 
2,00,000. 
Shravan Shah: 
By when? 
Management: 
That will happen in only 24 now because the placement of equipment and the delivery period of 
the equipment itself is long, construction is not a problem, the project is ready with us. Now we 
have to apply because when the capacity goes up we have to apply for some approvals also, for 
the license also the capacity to increase that these are the problems which are statutory in nature, 
we cannot circumvent that.  
Shravan Shah: 
So, sir currently what is the clinker capacity so are we operating the Karnataka one clinker or 
we are not operating, so what is the current clinker capacity? 
Management: 
Karnataka is not operating only Damoh is operating.  

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Shravan Shah: 
The capacity is 3.5 or 3.1 million ton? 
Management: 
3.1. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sorry sir I did not year. 
Management: 
Including Karnataka the total capacity, clinker capacity of the company is 3.5 and Central India 
it is 3.1 million ton which we try to increase by the 2,00,000, 3,00,000 ton per annum clinker 
capacity doing the debottlenecking at Central India.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir just two questions one is on the industry, do you see that LC3 will actually see light of the 
day that is the first question like is it the industry which is against it how should we understand 
that? 
Management: 
Which one I could not get you.  
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir calcined clay.  
Management: 
Calcined clay LC3 cement this is your question I think the calcined clay is good option, but the 
amount of type of clays available in our country are consolidated at certain locations. So, getting 
calcined clay cement for everybody is not an easy task. So, it is not an economical solution first 
number one. So you have to be closer to that because there is this clay blocks what are available 
are not homogenous in nature, they are very heterogeneous. So, getting a good clay is also 
equally different. Another thing is when we talk about calcined clay cement we have to also 
understand the demographics in which we operate. The quality of cement is a little different 
from the normal cement. So, you can use those type of cement for masonry cements, but if you 
start casting concrete and things like that then you may have a problem there. I would say very 
simple at the moment we may make hundreds of products abroad, but the literacy level has to 
be equally scaled up because you use a wrong product at the wrong place then you will only 
blame the company that and the person do not know to read and write the masons the user 
community is very I would say not educated or they do not take care of those things, responsible 
behavior on the field is very lacking. So, I think for us right now there is not an option anyway 
for us also in Heidelberg it is difficult to make LC3 cement because we are not closer to the clay 
blocks. For some other people who are trying and testing, but nobody has so far placed the 
product in the market as per my information in case if you have some information somebody 
has placed it, happy to learn and understand from them.  
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir my second question was when should we expect any corporate action when it comes to 
Heidelberg and Zuari as a single entity in India I think Zuari is a behemoth, there could be lot of 
synergies which are there at the same top level management which is running both the units, 
how should we look at this going forward? 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Management: 
Ritesh as I mentioned I will repeat the same thing there is nothing new which has happened in 
this, but yes the group is working on this to merge these two units it is a question of time. So, 
we will merge these two units under one entity so that we have the financial fungibility which 
makes sense for us rather than running to you, but that will happen. It might take another year 
and half or so. I would say on a safe side I am telling you on a year and half. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And sir just last question I will just squeeze in, sir what is the rationale behind the new limestone 
base, are we looking at lease expiry in Central India that is why we went for this incremental 
lease or is it basic augmentation of resources how should we read this? 
Management: 
Our licenses are valid till 2043 existing ones also and this new is a top up.  
Ritesh Shah: 
Is there any specific reason? 
Management: 
Because it was adjoining to us mines why should we not take it.  
Management: 
Our presentation also we have given the rational about this mining lease. It not only increase the 
life of the mines for the existing operation but also gives us a kind of opportunity to further 
expand our clinker capacity as well as the cement capacity. So, at this moment we have selected 
as a successful bidder. Now, we need to complete the entire documentation part and process part 
which generally takes around two years and two and half years to complete and get the mining 
lease execution thereafter we need to sign off this mining development in production agreement 
and once we complete all these process then in the meantime we will explore possibility whether 
we want to go for the higher life of the plant which is currently maybe around 25 years, 27 years 
which may further add by 20 years or we can also have the opportunity to increase the clinker 
capacity. So, it is the kind of win-win situation for the company that not only it will safeguard 
limestone reserve, but at the same time it increase the capacity of the company.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prateek from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Prateek: 
My first question is on volume numbers, so can you just explain bit more on the volume loss this 
quarter because of logistic issue and how many days of impact was there was seen during the 
quarter? 
Management: 
About 10 days of impact is there in some local areas which are high volume areas are there, there 
was an impact I mentioned it earlier also. I have nothing more to add on this.  
Prateek: 
And in terms of other expense during the quarter while year-on-year basis it looks sort of stable, 
but what does go into other expense on a QoQ basis which is impacting other expense more in 
third quarter versus like other quarters? 
Management: 
So, you are right that other expenditure as compared to December 21 quarter it is more or less 
similar amount. As compared to September it has increased, but you will also appreciate that 
during the December quarter generally we take our kiln plant shutdown. So, this amount has 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
increase on account of stores and spares and consumables. During this time generally we change 
our refractories, we change our grinding media. So, of course in December quarter always you 
will see that okay other expenditure as compared to September quarter is high. For per ton basis 
yes because of some volume impact of 2% to 3% it looks that okay per ton it is higher by maybe 
Rs. 10, Rs. 12, Rs. 20, but in absolute terms this is more or less on the fixed nature or maybe 
semi fixed nature so this amount is similar to what we incurred in December 21 quarter.  
Prateek: 
And one last question on capacity so we are looking at raising 3.1 million ton capacity or 3.5 
million ton capacity by 0.3 million ton by FY25 and cement capacity goes up from 6.2 to how 
much? 
Management: 
This 2,00,000 tons of clinker will result into close to about 3.5 lakh tons of cement.  
Prateek: 
But is it incremental capacity or just you sweating the current capacity more? 
Management: 
Current capacity in incremental capacity only this was added.  
Prateek: 
I mean we have like 6.26-million-ton capacity which seemed like higher? 
Management: 
By addition of this the capacity will go up.  
Prateek: 
0.3-million-ton expansion in cement and 0.2 in clinker by FY25? 
Management: 
Yes almost can be better because the project report is given this, but normally we try to always 
over exceed this because the manufacturer will stand guarantee to a certain amount based on the 
equipment, but normally if you look at our kiln also is a 5,000 TPD, but we suit at about 5,700 
consistently. So, I do not want to give you those figures because normally these are the benefits 
which we are as a management are supposed to derive out of an equipment. So, that is there the 
technology can give you a certain amount of assurance, but again management capability can 
drive it to a better level.  
Prateek: 
And on brand positioning like Mycem Power is at Rs. 45 higher by versus a normal brand and 
Mycem Primo is higher by Rs. 50, how does Mycem Power compares to like other graded brand 
in your market like UltraTech and maybe JK Cement brands might be new for your markets? 
Management: 
See I cannot tell you because this is a premium product every company has a different placement. 
So, not many companies are into this, but there are some people who are there, their share of 
volumes is some companies are making more volumes, some companies are doing lesser 
volumes. Today I would say these most of the brands in this premium segment should be anyway 
Rs. 20 minimum above their normal brand 20 and anything it can go to 60 also. So, this will be 
the range, some brands will price their product Rs. 20 higher than normal and some companies 
may go in between 20, 30, 60 like that also.  
Prateek: 
I was asking regarding Mycem Power pricing versus UltraTech normal brand in the market? 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Management: 
For us UltraTech will be the normal to normal if you are talking about it is we will be close to 
about Rs. 2, Rs. 3, Rs. 5 difference here and there.  
Prateek: 
So, Mycem Power will be like Rs. 45 higher than UltraTech normal brand? 
Management: 
Yes anyway at least Rs. 30, Rs. 35 more even if suppose in some markets we maybe Rs. 5 or Rs. 
10 lower than UltraTech in some markets where we are stronger. I would say you reduce this 
Rs. 10 from 45 and it will be close to 35.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Jaspreet Arora from Equentis PMS. Please go ahead. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
The fuel cost inflation for the quarter is well understood from the slide, possible to give the 
similar spike in the 9 months raw material cost is up overall cost is up 700, how much would 
that be fuel and the others? 
Management: 
We will have to calculate that 9 months I will have to calculate. I do not have it readily available.  
Management: 
But I think in public result we have given the 9 months also so YTD figure is already there. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
That is why I am saying gross realization total cost EBITDA per ton all is there, so total cost has 
gone up Rs. 700 per ton over 9 months, how much of that is fuel, so for the quarter fuel is up 
300 out of 370 for the quarter, just trying to understand I mean I can just look at the last three 
quarters I just thought in case you have that handy? 
Management: 
Average fuel cost is like previous quarter was fuel cost per ton of cement was 1,357 prior to that 
in June March it was 1,096 about 1,400 then 1,350 and then this is 1,260 price close to that 
December quarter over last year because you take December quarter 980 was the December 
quarter and this year it is 1,260. 
Management: 
Maybe 40% increase is there 9 months versus 9 months when we compare the 9 months YTD 
December 2022 as compared to December 2021 roughly on the phase of the public it comes 
around 40% increase on per ton basis maybe we need to little bit just on account of inventory 
change, but inventory change also significant in 9 months vis-a-vis last year 9 months. So, 
clearly we can take that 40% increase in the fuel cost is there. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Possible to share what is the current trend versus the last quarter average how much softening if 
at all we would have seen? 
Management: 
December is softened over September and I think in the March quarter it will further softened. 
Management: 
Maybe we can take the ballpark figure of single maybe mixed digit figure of the percentage of 
reduction in the petcoke and fuel prices in March quarter things look like because we have seen 
that okay imported petcoke and imported coal prices has reduced and that would also translate 
into the domestic market and we have also seen of late that Coal India also increase a little bit 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
the availability of coal for the cement company. So, I think on the fuel side over the power and 
fuel side we should not foresee any further increase rather it should be the other way round which 
should be beneficial for the company.  
Jaspreet Arora: 
Quarter-on-quarter you think it could go down by 10% average? 
Management: 
8% you take it on a safe side.  
Jaspreet Arora: 
On the realization front anything you can share how the current or at least the month year till 
date Jan till date is there any improvements in realization? 
Management: 
I would say that just recently there was a little bit of a shake up in the price I think we are almost 
flattish right now as of now. January was a little flattish.  
Jaspreet Arora: 
And lastly sir this Gujarat this new Greenfield project would mean that I am just trying to 
understand where are we in terms of the so-called clearances and equipment ordering and 
subsequent order, so it is more like a four year project or it is at a much advance stage? 
Management: 
No, it will take its time because right now the data collection environmental data collection is 
going on. So, that takes about 3 months of data collection so that will get over in February. We 
will be able to get the report by March, we would be able to go for ToR in the month of May or 
so and once ToR is completed that will take us about some more time about a year time to get 
the results. In the meantime, we will have to start working on the project and we will have to do 
a little bit of right now so far we have not bought any land or anything, but maybe in the next 
year we will have to look at this next financial year we will have to look at doing something 
there. So, it is a long-time process will take place, it will not happen overnight although the 
project we are roaring to go on this, but then there are some limitations always there because 
statutory clearances and all these things are not within our hand. Our June application is still 
pending with the government and we will be getting it done in this week or so. So, we may get 
some hearing from them and we will be able to convince them on certain things so we can move. 
So, it takes its own time putting up a Greenfield project is not a cake walk, it is quite uphill task.  
Jaspreet Arora: 
But I guess the teams been working on it for pretty fair amount of time also so it is not that the 
preparation started a year back? 
Management: 
We cannot go for mining plan still we get the approval from the government. So, the June 
application once it comes to me then I will go for a mining plan that will take another 6 months 
then I will go for a ToR. So, it is a chain of events which you have nested inside, if you make a 
bar chart for the timeline we see that at any one point we get stuck up everything comes to a halt. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
And would you be able to comment on the size or it will only? 
Management: 
3 million ton.  

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Jaspreet Arora: 
I mean we have seen companies do it, it is like they plan for a much bigger obviously we are just 
trying to understand could it be a 3 plus 3 that is the way you could ultimately envision it or you 
are just saying it would be only 3 million tons when we say 3 obviously expandable to another 
3 after couple of years? 
Management: 
This limestone reserve are huge you can go 3 plus 3 plus 3 no problem, but you know just to 
look at first let us first cross the first stage of 3 million. I would say I will not give you some 
assurances which because today because this comes closer to the coastal area so you cannot go 
below the sea level you cannot go below that. So, the government does not approve so easily, 
but future they will approve I think that time you will have more reserves out of it, but first let 
us get the 3 million ton going which will take us another 3.5 years to 4 years to go I would say.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Nandi from Ratnabali Investment 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Sir, can you throw some lights on the current pricing of the petcoke? 
Management: 
I think on landed basis it may be around 20,000, 21,000 per ton.  
Sanjay Nandi: 
And what has been this level on the exit of last quarter? 
Management: 
Last quarter it was expensive by around 2,000, 2,500.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Utkarsh Nopany from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir, first question is that like we observed that the cement demand in the Central region has been 
quite weak for the past few quarters, can you throw light like why the demand is weak in the 
Central region and how it is likely to shape up in this current March quarter in FY24 over a weak 
days? 
Management: 
I think the MP government was a little weak on government demand. Now, I think this will start 
after the investors meet recent investors meet called by the Chief Minister I think there is some 
traction which we are going to see in the near future plus there are state elections also there. So, 
we can expect some good moment to happen on cement. This year the Rabi crop is good so I 
can very first 100% tell you that the rural demand is going to be significantly well you can see 
this going to happen very soon. So, post Holi you can say that after this Holi takes place and the 
grain start coming to the market April we should see a very good movement, March government 
should we spending part of it. I think the budget will expire. So, the February and March we 
should see between end of February to March end and I think even till first fortnight of April 
because the supply will keep going. I think we should see a very good demand coming up.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir, can you quantify what would be the demand growth rate in Central region in FY23 and what 
is our expectation for FY24? 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Management: 
Our expectation for 24 is about 7%. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Despite the weak days of FY23? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
And what would be for FY23 sir? 
Management: 
FY23 just let me check it should be about 5.5%, 6%.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir second question is that like our realization has gone down by 2.5% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis in December quarter, can you get some sense like how the cement prices have behaved in 
Central region in December quarter? 
Management: 
December quarter has been okay I think there was some volume pressure was there because of 
the festivities. So, there was a price pressure was there, but now I think that is easing up.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
So, whether the cement prices of the entire region has gone down? 
Management: 
The biggest problem is the capacities are coming on stream. Everyone wants to place their 
product in the market and I do not blame anybody for that if the competition is becoming severe. 
The first victim of this is the price. So, any region which sees significant capacity add up you 
look at it this market in 2020 close to about 60 million tons. By 2024, 2025 it is going to be 
about 90 million tons of capacity which is going to come between 65 to 90. It is almost the 
significant jump in the capacity is getting added into Central India and this is building up a 
pressure, but anyway for HeidelbergCement I always tell my team we should not be bothered 
about what the competition comes in, we are the senior citizens of this state we have been here, 
we should not be able to we should be able to retain our channel partners and our customers 
better than anybody else can do, a new comer should not be a threat to us, I would say is welcome 
to us at least they will bring some prosperity to the state, but as a senior person operating in this 
region as an organization we are senior I would say in this market and we should not be worried 
about that. We have a brand equity, we have a good placement of product, we have got a good 
channel partners I think little bit of tweaking with them, a little bit of working with them because 
during the COVID period we did not do many of the things like meeting dealers, dealers 
conferences were avoided, some gift schemes had come down, advertising has not happened. 
Now all that is gone and from now onwards we have started the sales to see to it that we come 
back with a vengeance in the market.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir like if I understand correctly you are saying the regional capacity is likely go up from 65 to 
90 million ton whereas the demand is just likely to grow at 7% rate, so does this mean that this 
pricing pressure which we saw in December quarter is likely to persist over the medium term 
because of oversupply situation? 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Management: 
This is the capacity almost 3 million tons of capacity getting 4 million, 5 million tons of capacity 
getting added every year. So, it is not 30 to 31 it has not become in one year. It has happened in 
the last four years.  
Management: 
Maybe it will continue, maybe next two, three years it will continue maybe 4 million, 5 million 
ton every year.  
Management: 
I would say that okay but look at the shortage of clinker today the market is running short of 
clinker in this region people are selling more clinker than cement.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
And sir lastly like we were planning to come up with a Greenfield unit in Zuari Cement in 
Karnataka, can you throw light on that sir? 
Management: 
That was you are talking about Zuari part not HCIL part.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Regarding Zuari Cement? 
Management: 
I refrain from commenting on a call for HCIL.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kamlesh Bagmar from Lotus Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Sir one question with regard to our tax incentives or GST incentives which are going to expire 
in this February, so can you highlight how much was the incentive which we had moved in the 
9 month and the last quarter? 
Management: 
I would say it will set us back once it is withdrawn it will set us back by about Rs. 40 a ton. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
So, Rs. 40 of ton margins would not be there post February provided the prices remain the same? 
Management: 
It is considered Rs. 2 a bag nothing big you can pull this out anytime.  
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Secondly like it is assuming like in Gujarat over next 6 to 12 months like say large capacities 
get announced, so would we very committed on our Gujarat projects or not because I believe 
that there are let us say two to three big projects are going to come up on the capacity addition 
in Gujarat, so would we committed on the project which we are looking up because anyway over 
the last two, three quarters we have been saying that this particular project is going to take more 
than three to four years of time, so would we committed on that like say 8 million, 10 million 
ton of new capacities get added or announced by our peers in the Gujarat market? 
Management: 
No problem everybody is putting capacity we will also put capacity where is the problem. I do 
not think any reason for us to shy away from this.  

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
On the mine which we have won adjacent to our current location in the Central market, so would 
we announcing any capacity addition or would it be just replacing our current mine? 
Management: 
No, current mine is there this is in addition to that which Mr. Sharma also explained and in the 
presentation is there that we are looking at that we have three line in Damoh line 1, line 2 and 
line 3. Line 1 is a very old one which is now very old which is 1,600 TPD line it is a very good 
opportunity for us to look at scrapping that line and building a new line in that place which will 
be more fuel efficient and everything plus this mines will support that to accelerate us in the 
Central India because Central India we enjoy a better synergy than anywhere else. So, we will 
take a call on this, but it is again as I said 24 months down the line. First, let us get the agreements 
done, paper done now this line we will start buying the land in that area that is not a problem 
because it is adjoining and we have to open up the mines no sooner this consent is given to us 
and papers are there we will do that. So, I think this will be a good occasion for us to add capacity 
and capacity of a better quality.  
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And sir the current mine how much reserves do we have or how much years of life can it support 
for the current capacity? 
Management: 
Current capacities right now the existing mines what we have is close to about 24 years, 25 years 
of limestone reserves we have. We are as I mentioned in my earlier comments also that we are 
using a very significant amount of limestone rejects which comes out by supplementing it by 
sweetener. So, we are using that to extend the life of the mines if I might have spoken to you or 
you might have heard me about 4 years, 5 years also earlier that then I mentioned to you that we 
have been able to increase the life of our mines by almost 7 years and now only problem is little 
bit of problem is managing as the mines we are approaching at the end of mines on certain sites 
where the mining plan has been made maybe there was a little bit of geological miscalculation 
which has happened. So, we are getting little bit of more improvement on LSF when we do it 
we have to buy little more sweetener, but in this quarter the sweetener has gone up little bit now 
we will try to control the sweetener also in this quarter in the corresponding subsequent quarter 
also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harsh: 
I have just one small question what is the CAPEX budget we have plan for this ongoing fiscal 
and for FY24? 
Management: 
Generally, we keep the CAPEX divided into two parts. One is the sustainable CAPEX and that 
is around Rs. 40 crore for this Fiscal year as well as the next Fiscal year and on top of that next 
year there will be around Rs. 15 crore CAPEX on account of this clinker debottlenecking. So, 
we can consider that next year this CAPEX will be around Rs. 55 crore for the Fiscal year 
including AFR. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Vishal Periwal: 
Two questions particularly on the pricing front how has been the pricing so far in January and 
February for us in our region and second you mentioned South region has seen a bit of price 
hike, so which region and what if possible to quantify that sir? 
Management: 
The entire region South below I think the prices have gone up by about Rs. 125 to Rs. 130 a ton 
on an average has gone up very recently. So, I can see that there is this sort of movement when 
it happens in South Central also start seeing it, January was flattish, February should improve. 
So far we have not seen too much of an improvement in Central India but let us see we expect 
some price hikes we should be able to take now. It all depends on because today also the market 
is running at a little softer end. You would say that the capacity utilization in Central India are 
little better off than South, but then Central India was operating at 80% plus capacity utilization 
right now it is subdued to around 75, 73. So, I think once the capacity utilization starts improving 
so we will see for your company for HeidelbergCement we are doing relatively good capacity 
utilizations so far as of now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Tanuj Pandia from Dolat Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Tanuj Pandia: 
What is the CAPEX for Quarter 3? 
Management: 
It is a very normal CAPEX it is not significant maybe 5 crore, 6 crore, 7 crore we have done it, 
but not so significant in this quarter.  
Tanuj Pandia: 
What was the lead distance for third quarter? 
Management: 
About 350.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Pranay Kapadia as an Individual Investor.  
Pranay Kapadia: 
I just have a small question that looking at three to five years horizon what is the compounded 
growth that you see in terms of top line revenues? 
Management: 
Should not be less than 5% even if we grow as per the market as well as there will be some 
inflation on account of pricing so we can say 5% plus 5% so 10% should be there easily. At this 
moment last year when we talk about the calendar year 2022 the cost has increased significantly 
it was not less than 20% for anyone maybe the price has not increase in that direction if the 
economies works in the same direction they should be with the lag effect of 6 months, 12 months 
price must increase. We are pretty much hopeful that and pretty convinced that next 3 to 5 years 
the top line should increase more than 10% compounding growth.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
back to Mr. Vaibhav Agarwal from PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited for closing comments. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir.  

 
 
HeidelbergCement India Limited  
February 15,2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited we like to thank the management 
of HeidelbergCement India Limited for the call and we would also like to take the opportunity 
to wish Mr. Jamshed Naval Cooper all the very best for its future endeavors. We also thank all 
the participants for joining the call. Aman you may now conclude the call. Thank you very much 
sir.  
Management: 
Thank you very much everybody. Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
